- How to CRUSH Facebook Ads with a Small Budget in 2026: Kind: captions Language: en If you think you need hundreds of thousands of dollars to succeed with Facebook ads, I've got good news for you. You absolutely can succeed with a small Facebook ads budget, and in this video, I'm going to show you how. So, let's start by quickly defining what a small Facebook ads budget actually is. So, I would classify a small Facebook ads budget as anything less than $3,000 per month, so $100 or so per day. And I totally get that for a lot of people watching that, they would be like, "That's a small Facebook ads budget. I can't spend that or anywhere near it." I totally get that. I understand. I started my business with no money. I couldn't have spent anywhere near that. I started working with clients that So, I know for a lot of people that would not seem small, but when you've had the experience that I've had running campaigns with as little as $100 a month right at the beginning, all the way up to clients that were spending multiple millions per month, $3,000 or less seems like a good line to draw and a good classification because there are things that need to change in terms of your strategy and how you're approaching things. Things that we're going to go through in this video if you are spending less than that. Within a small budget, I classify a tiny Facebook ads budget as $600 per month or less, so $20 or less per day, which is also where a lot of businesses start. I certainly started in the tiny budget category, upgraded to small budgets, and we've gone on to to much larger things since. But, the important thing to know is that you can succeed with a small or a tiny budget, but there are changes you need to make. You need to do things differently than what might be the default way of doing things and conventional strategy that you may well have seen. So, let's uh let's run through those now. Starting with the first point, which is don't helicopter parent your ad campaigns. So, a lot of you will already be familiar with this, but Meta ads, when you create a new campaign or a new ad set or make an adjustment to a campaign ad set, will go through the learning phase. Now, during the learning phase, Meta is going through really fast iterations of tests to try and get you the the result. So, if you set up your campaign for sales, for example, Meta's going to test who within your target audience should actually see your ads to get you the best results. And some of those tests might go really well, you get great results, and some of those tests might go really poorly, and you get terrible results. They're going to test what should ad impression frequency look like. Should we do lots of ad impressions to each individual user in a short time period, or should we space out those ad impressions? Which of the ads within your ad set should we put in front of people? Which placement options perform best? What time of day is the best to advertise? What the week is the best to advertise? So, all these variables that Meta's going to test to try and get you the best results possible, sales, leads, whatever it is you've optimized your campaign for. So, that's happening all the time. Meta's constantly testing, but they're testing much more aggressively during the learning phase, like I said, when you first launch your campaign, ad set, etc. So, your results during that time period are very volatile. You can have great results, poor results, they're all over the place. If you make a significant adjustment to a campaign, ad set, so for example, you create a new ad, you change some of the settings at the ad set level, potentially even change some of the settings at the campaign level, you will re-enter the learning phase. The learning phase lasts typically, let's say, 24 to 48 hours, but it is dependent on conversion volume. So, the more conversions you generate, the faster Meta is able to learn, because they have more data, and the shorter that learning phase will last, too. So, if you're working on a campaign that's generating thousands of sales a day, the learning phase can last hardly any time at all, because you really quickly have a lot of data. Meta's like, "Right, got it. Made the adjustments, new ads, understand it. We tested it. We worked out this is the way to go, and we're off." The smaller your budget, typically, the lower number of conversions you're going to generate, the longer it is going to take for you to exit the learning phase. So, if you are helicopter parenting your ad campaigns, you're constantly in there, constantly making tweaks and adjustments, you keep re-entering the learning phase, you're not allowing Meta time to optimize and get you the best performance possible. So, what I typically recommend advertisers do is try and set an optimization schedule. So, decide I'm going to adjust my campaigns no more than once every 7 days or 10 days. And you need to extend that time period because you are operating with a small budget and you are going to typically be generating lower conversion volumes. Now, you might set that schedule and realize that actually we could adjust more often this. We are getting good data within those time periods or you need to extend it and go the other way. That's going to depend on your business. Even within small budgets, if you're running an ad campaign that's designed to generate leads via a lead magnet, you're going to generate many, many more conversions than someone who's selling a high-ticket service well. So, again, you need to adjust the time frame accordingly. There is no one-size-fits-all when it comes time frame. One of the most common questions I get asked and I always say it's based on conversion volume is how often you should be making adjustments. It's not a we do it every 7 days across the board. Some campaigns generate thousands of conversions a day. Some campaigns generate six conversions a week. Well, the campaign that generates six conversions a week, it might take a month to know if a new ad is performing well, whereas the one that's generating thousands a day, it might take 3 hours. Like literally, I'm not over exaggerating that. That can absolutely be the case. So, you need to adjust the time frame according to conversion volume. One of the easiest ways if you're like, "Right, how do I know what's right for me?" is to use a statistical significance calculator. Free online tool, you enter in your numbers and the calculator will tell you, "Ad A is indeed outperforming Ad B with a 90% statistical significance, right?" And then you can go about making decisions. That doesn't mean that you can't do any work on your meta ad campaigns in between those gaps, 7 days, 10 days, 14 days, something like that, because you could be producing new ad creative ready to go. You could be analyzing the data, drawing conclusions, and thinking, "Right, okay, this ad had a really good hook rate versus this ad had a much better return on ad spend. Let's take this hook and put it" This sort of analysis I talk about in other videos of of how you go about improving performance. You can be doing that, but when it comes to actually physically making the changes, try and limit yourself. Don't constantly tinker. Okay, second point I want to talk about is to really really get specific about your ideal customers and create ads that are only designed for them, both from an ad copy messaging standpoint, but also in the creative. If you've got a small budget, you don't want to be an also-ran against businesses that have much larger budgets and are going for much larger market share. The way you compete with those bigger businesses that have much larger budgets is you say, "We're not going to touch 99% of this market that technically could buy our product or service. Instead, we're going to be hyper-specific for this 1% or sometimes even less that we can tailor everything towards and we can serve them better than the bigger company that is trying to sell cross-market because we can tailor our offering, but also we can market to them in a way that really resonates with those people. It's a much better way to stand out, to niche down, and to to approach things that way. A lot of smaller businesses, which are typically the ones operating with smaller budgets, they're nervous to do that because they feel like they're missing out on potential sales, but that's poor thinking. Much better to think about it the other way. You are much more likely to stand out in comparison to the competition, which have significant advantages. They're spending a lot more than you. They probably have more brand recognition. A lot more of the market may have bought from them previously, so you have loads of things to overcome. They probably have larger budgets for content creation and ad creative and production. They might be working with influencers. Like, you are up against it against those bigger businesses. How can you win in that scenario? By being more specific. It's why they say there's riches in niches, right? So, how do you go about doing this? So, if you have a customer base already, you've been running ads or you generate customers from other ways, then you can do analysis on those customers and work out which customers are worth the most to you, which either buy again the most or stick around if you're on some sort of recurring or subscription model, which stick around longest. Those will typically often be the ones that give you the less headaches as well. There might be customers that you can make money from, but oh, they're just a nightmare. We don't want to work with them. And go through those and and be like, "Right, you know what? Out of this entire market, we've worked out that this subsection is the best. Those are the people we've worked with. Let's re-engineer our marketing messaging. It's just all about them. Talk about the things they care about, talk about the problems they have specifically, which might differ from the rest of the market, and then really narrow it in." One of the biggest reasons small budgets fail on Meta isn't targeting, it's the creatives. Because testing properly requires variations, and variations cost money. A single UGC video from a creator, hundreds if not thousands of dollars. An agency to consistently produce and test new creatives, thousands if not tens of thousands of dollars per month. And that's before you even know if the ads convert. If you're working with a small budget, that math just doesn't work. Hollow flips that part of the equation. You just paste in only your website URL, and it analyzes your brand voice, positioning, and visuals. Then generates ready-to-publish ads, social posts, and email campaigns. But what makes this powerful for small budgets is the variations. Instead of giving you one creative, it can generate batches of different hooks, angles, formats, and layouts in seconds. You can tweak the size, swap visuals, adjust colors, change the messaging, translate it into another language, or even turn a static image into a video without starting from scratch each time. No prompts, no Canva marathons, no waiting weeks on freelancers. And here's why this matters for small budget advertisers. Meta rewards iteration. The people who win aren't always the ones spending the most, they're the ones testing the most. If you can create 10 to 20 creative variations quickly without spending thousands on production, you suddenly have leverage. Instead of spending your budget on creative production, you can spend it on actual ad testing. What used to take hours or cost thousands now takes minutes. For solo founders and small teams, that removes the biggest bottleneck in Facebook ads, producing enough creatives to find a winner. If creative costs have been holding you back from testing properly, Hollow is definitely worth looking at. There is a link in the description and a discount code if you want to try it. So, one of the classic scenarios you'll often see with a lot of businesses that go through that process of analysis, is they will work out we only want to work with high net worth individuals because they spend the most, they give us the least headaches, they're the best either on a BTC or you could do the equivalent of B2B, right? We're only going to work with companies over X revenue. And how would you therefore go about talking to to those people? Well, like I just said, think about the things they really care about from a ben- benefit standpoint. Think about their pain points as well. So, if you are looking to target only the high net worth individuals within your marketplace, don't emphasize the price competitiveness of your product service in comparison to your competition. That's not who you're going after, they don't care about that as much. Instead, emphasize say the time saving or the convenience or the status associated with having a product or service of this quality or of this brand. And things that they are much more likely to be interested in. You buy this once, you don't have to bother with it again, you don't have to worry about it. And and that's going to be different from the rest of the market that might be far more price sensitive or might be interested in different things. So, for example, us as a as an agency, we do I mean, we specialize because we specialize in Meta ads, we specialize in Google ads, we're not like full service and everything else. So, we do this niching within our own service offerings. But within that, we will work with a broad range of of different types of businesses. We work with service and SaaS and e-com and all sorts, right? We now have a large enough team to have specialists within each one of of those fields. But if we were operating with a smaller budget, if we were newer, what we could do is look at all our clients and be like, you know what? E-commerce businesses that generate more than $10 million a year in revenue typically are highest value customers. So then we would re-engineer our marketing. You'd see someone like me just creating videos specifically targeted at e-commerce businesses over a certain size. All our ads would be updated specifically to speak to those people. It'd be in the messaging. It'd be what do they care about? They care about scale. They care about maintaining return on ad spend as they scale up. They're not interested in things like lead quality. Doesn't apply to them. So we wouldn't be talking about lead quality in our advertising. So you see how how we would tailor it if we wanted to further niche down in those instances and hopefully you can apply that to your business as well. If you go over specific and find that your ads just aren't reaching my people, you can always broaden back out. But in my experience most businesses, particularly those operating with small budgets, are far too broad as opposed to too niche. Next is to copy what already works best in your industry. There are likely bigger players with bigger budgets that have spent a fortune testing and working things out. You can analyze what they are doing, draw conclusions, and save yourself a ton of time, a ton of money in experimentation by modeling from what they have demonstrated works best. How do you do that? One of the easiest ways is to use the Meta Ads Library. A free tool. I'm going to show you how to do that, right? So I'm here in the Meta Ads Library. Just Google it, it'll come right up. The way this works is you select your location, you select your category. So if you operate within a specialized category, select that. Otherwise you can select all ads. And then I'm going to use myself as the example here. So if I enter Ben Heath in here, we can see all the ads that that we're running and you can check these out if you're interested, by the way. And you can see the details, you can see the primary text, you can see where they're running, you can see the videos themselves, the headlines, you can click through to the landing pages. You've got all the information that that you would want to to take a look at to see see what they're doing. So what you want to do here is think about the competitors that you know are advertising well. You see their ads pop up often, they look good. You just know based on the size of the business that their marketing is really switched on. You think this is a good company to to model from based on your interaction. Then you come through to Meta Ads Library, you search for them, and then what you're looking for are the ads that have been running quite a while. So, for example, if you were to do this with us, you could see that these ads up here at the top, these have been running since May 2025. So, not far off a year as of the recording of this video, 9 months or so as of the recording of this video. Now, I can tell you right now that these ads are performing well. I know that cuz this is these are our ads. But, we would have turned them off if they weren't. And that's basically true for just about every advertiser that you would look at. If they've been running an ad for, you know, cuz if they only launched an ad last week, you don't know that thing's working. They might just be experimenting. If they've been consistently running an ad for more than say 6 months, particularly if it's longer than that, that ad is almost certainly working for them, and you could look to model from it. Now, if you're looking at bigger competitors, more successful competitors, which is what I'd recommend, sometimes you won't be able to replicate what they've produced. You might be like, "Okay, they've been running this ad for a year and a half, but it's a partnership ad with an influencer in the space. We couldn't afford to work with them." You might be able to, by the way. People always think that influencers cost a lot more than they do. They're wrong. But, in that instance, maybe you can't replicate what they're doing. But, just keep going. Keep looking at more competitors, keep finding other options and be like, "Oh, we can do that. That's an interesting product demonstration video. That's a UGC video. They've actually got some static images that seem to be performing well for them. Let's go ahead and use that." And you can look to model from what works and replicate that. Save yourself a ton of time and budget and test that way. You have a limited budget with a small budget to test. And also, the emphasis on testing becomes less important because what you're really looking to do with a small budget, what I think you should be looking to do with a small budget, is establish proof of concept. Can we generate leads? Can we generate sales? Yes. And then get that campaign as quickly as possible to be as profitable as possible because that will fund reinvestment. If you can get that campaign to produce a 4x return on ad spend, well, you could then reinvest more into your ad campaigns and scale them and try and maintain that ROAS or improve it and grow your business and acquire a lot more customers. It very much wants to be seen as a stepping stone that can be profitable and can work to higher budget levels if you want to succeed, grow your business and all that sort of stuff. Moving on to another piece of advice that is very important for advertisers operating with a small budget and that is no brand awareness. I don't want you to be running awareness campaigns. I don't want you to be running engagement campaigns, traffic campaigns. I want you to be running leads or sales campaigns that are direct offer, directly selling what it is that you advertise in order to get leads, in order to get sales so that you can generate a short-term return on your small budget which like I said in the previous point will allow you to reinvest. I've heard so many advertisers, particularly when they're new to advertising, say things like I just kind of want to get my business out there. That doesn't really mean anything. It's like you just want to get your business out there, why? You want to get your business out there because you want leads, you want sales, you want that coming in. Well, much better to go directly for those things instead of running an awareness campaign and just sort of magically thinking that's somehow going to end up coming back to you in the long term. There is one very specific exception and that's my omnipresent content campaign only applies specific businesses, typically those offering a very involved purchase. So, high ticket service, something consulting, expertise based, something like that. I've got videos on that in case you want to check that out. That does use either an awareness or engagement campaign structure, but it is very different thing. We're doing it for different reasons and we're often advertising that alongside our conversion campaigns at sales or leads. And if you're a small business, I would be even less keen for you to focus on the omnipresent content strategy and instead go for what it is that you really want. Get that return so that you can reinvest. Meta's optimization systems and how the campaign delivers is completely literal. If you say you want sales, Meta's going to do its best possible to get you sales. If you say you want leads, vice versa. If you say you want traffic, they're going to find really clicky people. Those people won't necessarily go on and convert. Brand awareness is much better for larger companies, often larger companies that don't have a direct path to conversion. So, if you think of like Coca-Cola running ads, for example, well, no one's like clicking through on an ad to then come through and buy like it's it's top of mind. So, the next time you're in a restaurant, next time in the supermarket, you buy Coke products. You get one out of the fridge because of the reminder, you drink it now, that creates a space so that next time you're more likely to buy more. So, the businesses that run brand awareness on Meta ads as well typically fall into that category where there's much less of a direct lead to the conversion. Not something we want to mess with as smaller businesses. Another tip that I've really encouraged small budget advertisers to do recently and found a number of us have a lot of success with this is to use your organic content on Meta, typically on Instagram, as basically free testing for ad creative. Now, this requires you to create content and it will be more valuable if you already have a bit of an organic audience than if you don't. But because we talked about before, you don't have much budget for budget for testing. That's why we are modeling from other businesses that have done a lot of testing. But this is another great way to do it. You can, for example, produce Instagram Reels, put those out there, and then the ones that get significantly more engagement than others, you can take those, add a 5-10 second call to action to the end, and run that as an ad. You could do the same with static images, which ones get a lot more reaction, use that in your ad, maybe add some text overlay, accompany it obviously within the ad structure, headline, etc., in order to get people to to take action. And it won't always translate. So, sometimes things perform really well organically and it just doesn't translate to ads. But often they do, and often it's a really good way to find extra ideas easily, produce ad creative, kind of two birds, one stone situation. We got some organic content and we got some ad creative out of this. And it could be an easy way to iterate and test and find what works. You may even find that something works really well organically, doesn't necessarily do well as an ad, but you're thinking, "Yeah, but we can use that concept or we can use that hook in that reel in our ads going forward. We just need to change the rest of it to be more focused." To do this well, your organic content needs to be closely related to your ads and what it is that you talk about. I would hope that would be true anyway, because that's [clears throat] going to help drive business outcomes, lead to sales, revenue, etc. But that's just a an important caveat to which quickly mention. If you're watching this now on a small budget and you can think, "Yeah, I've posted quite a bit of organic content." Take a bit of time and go back through and find the ones that have done well and just chuck them into an ad campaign. Like I said, maybe stick a call to action on the end and see how it does. And real quick, we've created the perfect offer for Facebook and Instagram advertisers with a small budget. We call it Facebook Ads Mastery. It's a school community complete with exclusive education material. We also do live calls and Q&As with me and my team members. If you're interested, there's a link in the video description. The next point is going to sting for some of you. And that's to be willing to spend more on conversions than what you're currently willing to spend. Most beginner Facebook and Instagram advertisers, those operating with a small budget typically, have unrealistic expectations of A, what's possible, B, what they should expect, and C, what will allow their business to grow. Part of that is because there are many people within this space that will over promise. It's one of the reasons why if you see, for example, the case studies on our website, the result screenshots that I put out on my Instagram stories, we cover a range. We will show the businesses that we're able to get a 20x return on ad spend for, which is just incredible and that's amazing and everyone wants that, but for some businesses that is completely impossible. We will also show businesses that get a 3.2 x return on ad spend, but have done so at scale and that's really profitable and a successful outcome for that business. It's not the massive headline attention grabbing, but it's done well and it is it is success and it works for that business and it allows them to scale and do the things that they want them to do. I've spoken to many beginners that will say things like, "Oh, I want a 10x return on ad spend." And typically if someone is talking in those terms, they don't understand the dynamic well enough. So often I've had to tease that out of them. So I might say, "What are you willing to pay to acquire a customer?" Which is one of the most common questions. If you're ever on a Q&A with me, that's almost certainly one of the things I'm going to ask if I want to to delve deeper with you. And often people say, "I don't know." So I'll sort of work it back through with them. Okay, what are your customers worth? My customers are worth $2,000. Okay, excellent. So what are you willing to pay to get that customer? And someone might say, "I don't know. $100, $200." I go, "Okay. So you're telling me that you wouldn't be willing if you had a magic machine and you could put $400 in it or $500 in it and it just spits out a $2,000 customer, you wouldn't do it." And they nearly always go, "Oh no, yeah. No, I would. Yeah, yeah, no, that I can make that work." Obviously this is going to be dependent on margins. Some businesses can be a much more aggressive. Like for some businesses a 1.5 x return on ad spend is fantastic because let's say they're selling software or info and there's no cost of goods associated with selling the thing and they want massive scale and they can do it. Then there are businesses where they spend 10 million a year and they make 15 million direct from sales from those ads and they've got 5 million profit cuz there's hardly any cost associated and that's a successful business outcome. There are obviously others that need a much larger return on ad spend because they do have cost of service deliverable or they have cost of goods in order to to make it work. But I've I've seen a lot of ad campaigns where, "Okay, the $2,000 customer is what my customer is worth to my business. In my mind I'm only willing to pay $200 for a customer. Therefore, I convert one in, let's say, 10 leads. So I'm only willing to pay $20 per lead. And then they cap out and they can barely scale and they think, "Oh, the campaign's not working. I've got to limit to $25 a lead." And you actually run through the numbers and you're like, "You know, $25 a lead is really profitable for you, right?" Advanced meta advertisers, and the businesses that do the best, they don't typically generate the best return on ad spends. Because as you scale, your return on ad spend will decrease, inevitably. It is harder to acquire, it is more expensive, I should say, to acquire your 10,000th customer than your 50th customer, because there's always a proportion of the market that is just so keen and loves whatever it is that you sell that they kind of buy everything and you can gather up these people. But there's not many of them, the more you scale, that the harder that is. But there is a trade-off that a lot of businesses understand where they think, "I don't mind if my return on ad spends drops if my overall profit number, not as a percentage, as a number, is significantly better. That's a better business outcome. Much better to generate a 4x return on ad spend spending a million dollars a month than a 10x return on ad spend spending $10,000 a month. You make a lot more money at the lower return on ad spend number because you've achieved scale. So, really have a think about what could you be willing to pay to acquire a customer? I'll give you some examples. I want to go even further for some businesses. There are many, many businesses where initial customer acquisition is loss-making. Many of the biggest, most successful businesses, that is true. Almost anything finance-related. Banks, they pay way more to acquire you than they make from you initially. Mortgage companies are often the same. Insurance, they are playing a game of we will turn you into repeat revenue over many years, most likely, and we'll end up with a fantastic return on ad spend, but it might take 6 months or more for us to pay the initial cost of customer acquisition in the first place. And there's some of the biggest, most successful businesses in the world that operate this way. Lots of businesses in that category. It's actually one another advantage that bigger advertisers have, is typically they have more cash reserves and they can afford to be more aggressive on their customer acquisition than smaller businesses. I think that a lot of small budget advertisers have this idea of like, "I'm at a 2x ROAS. If I could just get to a 10x ROAS, I'll be like the big boys." And you're like, "Actually, some of the big boys might be operating at a 2x ROAS. They're just doing it much better in terms of retention and customer reactivation than you are. So, it works for them in in a way that a 2x ROAS doesn't work for you." I'm not saying you have to lose money as a small budget advertiser. Often, you need profitability to be able to reinvest. But, you might be fine with a four or five x ROAS. You might not need a 10x ROAS to make it worth your while. My next recommendation is to reduce the number of variables. So, we want to concentrate and consolidate both from your resource capacity, mentally, time, within your business, but also within your ad account so that we consolidate that conversion data and Meta has the best possible chance of getting out of the learning phase and then optimizing your campaigns to get you the outcome that you want to get. So, I typically recommend that you focus on one offer only. If you sell a big range of products or you have multiple service offerings, which are sold the best, which do you make the most money from, focus in on that exclusively. Don't have lots of different campaigns. Don't have lots of different ad sets. You want to consolidate that down. So, let's say we had five ad sets and we're generating 20 conversions a week. Well, that's four conversions per [clears throat] ad set on average. Much better to have the one ad set and have those 20 conversions going through the one ad set. Like I said, much more likely to get out of learning phase, much easier for Meta to be able to optimize and draw conclusions, and then put your ads in front of the right people and get you the results that you want. If you don't have historical data around which offer is most profitable, which sells the best, take a best guess. What are your competitors focusing on mostly? What do you have the best margins in? You can always adjust once you've got up and running, but fewer campaigns, often just one campaign, one ad set is the way to go. You can always look to scale and add complexity later on. In fact, if you do want more information about Facebook ad campaign structure and how we've adjusted this cuz there are significant differences now to what we used to recommend. Then I recommend you check out this video cuz I go through it all and I talk about how you want to start, which businesses want to stick with the one campaign, one ad set um setup versus the alternative options and when you might want to change that as you go through your Meta Ads journey. Just go and check it out.

  Top Comments:
  1. @BenHeath [3 likes]: Get personal Meta Ads feedback from me (live) for less than $60 per session:
👉 https://www.skool.com/benheath/about
Let my agency run your Meta ads for you:
👉 https://heathmedia.co.uk/done-for-you/
  2. @AbdullahKhan-sr1ir [2 likes]: Bro I'm running a campaign - highest volume - conversion as Purchase (broad targetting, advantage+audience with suggestions). I have a budget of Rs 1000 INR (9 USD) a day initially. I'm running 3 ads using one adset. Video type are unboxing, ugc, and one review static image. Still in learning phase, it has only been 8 days, the acquisition cost is coming 1000 a day for each order.  Does leaving it longer would make the acquisition cost slowly drop down when meta has more data?
  3. @jeanriley2669 [1 likes]: Long time follower! I have studied and studied , and always think its because my budgets are small! but example a is that recently ad's I have had at 45 dollars a day x 1 add was performing at 3.3% click rate, even though I have a small budget would you suggest to use these kinds of creatives if that percent keeps up? Thank you so much :)
  4. @itaylubovich [1 likes]: Man you're awesome!
I'm watching you for like 8 years I think.
You helped me a lot, so first of all keep it up!
I used to use Facebook Ads for Ecom and now I'm using it for Financial services (consultant)
In the video you said "How much are you willing to pay for a customer?" well that's a great question haha
How can I know that I'm not overpaying a customer?
For example if I'm paying 1,000$ a customer and getting 2,000$ that's nice, but what if I could pay 500$ and be more profitable?
How can I know that I'm in my "Sweet spot"?
  5. @wakiezakiederidder6813: What should you do when Meta automatically adds music or other features to your ads while they have been running for a day or two in the learning phase? They always seem to add these features without my consent and without me wanting it so I  have to retweak my ads.
  6. @lemonroti1991: Defining Budget Categories: (0:15 - 1:28) Explains the difference between a "small" budget (
600/month).

Don't Helicopter Parent Your Ads: (1:32 - 5:58) Advises against frequent manual adjustments to avoid resetting the learning phase; suggests using an optimization schedule instead.

Niche Down: (6:00 - 12:21) Recommends targeting a specific, high-value customer segment rather than the entire market to improve ad resonance.

Copy What Works: (12:23 - 15:37) Encourages using the Meta Ads Library to model successful creatives from competitors who have already tested their ads.

Focus on Direct Results: (15:38 - 18:05) Explains why you should prioritize sales or leads campaigns over awareness or traffic campaigns when operating on a small budget.

Leverage Organic Content: (18:06 - 19:59) Proposes using high-performing organic posts (like Instagram Reels) as free testing for future ad creative.

Adjust Acquisition Expectations: (20:15 - 25:50) Highlights the importance of understanding your customer lifetime value and being willing to spend appropriately to acquire customers rather than just chasing a high ROAS.

Consolidate Variables: (25:51 - 27:35) Advises simplifying your account structure (e.g., fewer ad sets) to consolidate data and help the Meta algorithm optimize faster.
  7. @whynotask6996: Great chanel .I'm learning lighspeed
  8. @stanimirnikolov7934: My ad account is one week old. I’m running a CBO with a 60-day budget, two ad sets — one with video creatives and one with static creatives.

In 7 days, I got 38 purchases. Then I increased the budget by $10, and everything died. For the last 2 days I’ve had only 3 orders.

Should I lower the budget back down?
  9. @SubhanAhmed-k4x: You have  such a great experience.😎
  10. @Official-Lowlight-FM: I can tell he’s speaking from real experience.
  11. @TigerRepel: Just discovered the channel. It is brilliant.
  12. @johnnydulong-SellHfxRealEstate: Hi Ben, love your content.....Do you ever do FB Ad content specifically directed at Real Estate / Realtors?
  13. @rrivera457: Hey Ben. Would you recommend CBO or ABO for small budgets?
  14. @JonMcTavish: i like the idea around small/ new businesses only running ads meant to convert sales... but what if its a novel product. something that people don't know exists yet? dies that change anything?  does something like 10%  of ad budget spend on awareness campaign and remaining 90% on sales campaign?
  15. @MsAlly-g3e: I am running a catalog ad for a clothing brand.  When I create new products, they're being added to the catalog. Does that reset the algorithm when running catalog ads, even if I change nothing in Ads Manager?
  16. @fathiazaida: really liked the tips you shared here
  17. @social_media_vlogs: this was super helpful, thanks for breaking it down
  18. @SynthMind.studio-y1: i can actually do this now lol
  19. @sunilrajsam: the “stop touching it during learning” bit hit me. i always panic-edit on day 2 and then wonder why results reset. also saw Rumora mentioned elsewhere lately.
  20. @Omega_Destroyer_xx: Any chance you could do a dedicated video about ads specifically for Kickstarter? These campaigns live or die based on how good their Meta ads are

- I spent $5m on Facebook Ads last month (here's what's actually scaling in 2026): Kind: captions Language: en What's going on, guys? Welcome back to the YouTube channel. Today, we're going to be diving into how we literally spent over $5 million on ads in the last 30 days with Facebook ads and exactly everything we did that's actually scaling in 2026. So, just popping open the account real quick. This is basically going to the ad reporting tab and we basically selected all of the ad accounts that we currently running for in the agency. And then we just looked the last 30 days here. You can see that and we literally spent over $4.9 million. So, almost $500,000. Now, we have about what I would say 70% of people that are e-com brands and then about 30% of our clients are legion. So, you'll see a mixture of leads and purchases. I didn't want to just include purchases because then it's going to like make the purchase cost per purchase look really high. But the fact that we have some e-com brands and some legion brands, I just want to go ahead and highlight that real quick. Now, we reached 46 million people. We had 213,000 impressions and then we had a cost per click link click of a dollar 56 on average and CTR. I highlight this because this is also like we're doing creatives for all of these particular clients. And again, this is all clients at my ad agency. I don't have my own own any of my own brands and stuff. All of these are clients that we run ads for at my agency. So, we're going to break this video down to three key parts starting with ad account structure, then we get into the creatives that's working and then the landing pages that are working. So, starting off with ad account structure. All of our accounts is very, very simple and straightforward. So, this is an account I just pretty much pulled the last 7 days for all of these clients and we're basically running CBO campaign for all of our clients. We don't do a CBO testing, we don't do an [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] testing. We do a CBO campaign. Like for example, this is for one product right here and we're testing ads in here and we're just increasing the daily budget as we hit uh target cost per purchase. It doesn't show it cuz we have like small budgets, yada yada yada. But, this one right here shows the cost per result, $54. Uh so, for this particular client, I think it's like $50 or better, we can scale. So, this client's spending 8,700 lb per day. And then, if you basically look at this, we have one CBO campaign for this product, one CBO campaign for this product, and then we have a whole bunch of different ad sets testing different ads, which I will get into here in a second. Just to show you another account. Again, last 7 days. This particular client right here is a Legion client. We have a CBO campaign for Dallas, CBO campaign for Houston, CBO campaign for Austin, CBO campaign for Phoenix. Why do we have these different cities broken up into different campaigns? Because this is a physical storefront, and they want to advertise in just these cities. For example, if you're in Dallas, you're only going to go to the store if you're in Dallas. It's not like a countrywide thing. And we're spending, I don't know, let's see what. Only 400 almost $3,000 a day. Uh $2,800 per day for a Legion brand. We're selling like a $3,500 product right here, so it works really well. We've been working this account for a while, too, so it's also been pretty cool to see their success. Now, next account here, we just have one CBO campaign. And this is just one CBO campaign because we're just advertising in US and Canada, and we have one product. So, there's no reason to have multiple different CBO campaigns. Now, I do break apart and do one CBO campaign per country, but just because this account had already started off with US and Canada before we got into it, we just launched this one CBO campaign with those included. Now, if I wanted to expand to say Germany, for example, I'd go make a German campaign. If I wanted to expand to the UK, I'd make a UK campaign, and I would start stacking up CBO campaigns for those countries. Uh this account right here is spending about $4,400 today. It's an e-comm account, and again, last 7 days are here. Again, right now we're just looking at campaign level. We will get into the ad testing here in a second. Here's another campaign here. This one we're spending $13,500 a day. They do have multiple different products in this ad account. So, this is just the higher spending one cuz it makes a better flex for YouTube. This one right here is just for that one particular product. This one is a higher ticket product. Their AOV is like $130, $140, but it's a subscribe and save offer. So, we're actually losing money the first 3 months and then from month 3 to month 12 is where we're making all the profits at due to LTV. Again, last 7 days spent about $94,000 for this account. And then we have like two or three more accounts we're going to go over. This is another account here. This one has a significantly higher cost per lead because we actually make it to where when the lead, cuz this is for B2B leads right here, so business to business, and what we do here is we have a qualification form that these leads fill out before they can actually book a call with us. And we only allow people doing 30K a month plus to actually fill out the form. All the people that fill out the form and doing less than 30K a month, they get sent to a different thank you page with no lead event on it. So, Facebook doesn't even recognize that that lead came through. So, it only fires for people doing at least $30,000 a month. They have a 25% close rate. So, every four leads they close one. And because of that, they literally have like a $2,000 cost per purchase, which is great cuz this is a very high ticket product. And this client is cutting backflips if it's like $2,000 or better from a cost per purchase. And we're spending roughly $8,000 a day for him. Last 7 days. Here's another account here. I had someone the other day message me and say, "Hey Nick, all of your purchases and leads are high." Yeah, that is true because I work with typically higher ticket and higher AOV brands because it's just so much easier to spend and make them money. Whereas when we're working with like products that are super super low AOV, it's much more difficult because you're like razor-thin margins there. Um but this is a client right here. We've been running their ads for a while now. We've actually helped them hit a million dollar a month couple times during Q4. Um but for this right here, throughout the year, they probably more cover about a only spending a couple thousand dollars a day. Um they don't have a seasonal product. They just tend to do significantly better during Q4. Um but yeah, same thing, CBO campaign. And then here is our last account that we're going to review. Same thing here, $33 cost per purchase, $24 a day last 7 days. Again, CBO. Now, something else also to notice here, some of these campaigns have TS in front of it. That just basically means that we added our agency initials in front of it. The few campaigns that don't have anything like this one for example right here, that's because some of you guys, some of you rockstars are literally watching my YouTube videos, redesigning your ad account exactly how my YouTube videos are, and then you come and work with me at my agency, and I actually run all your ads and stuff. And like this brand for example, and then, you know, this brand right here, this brand we've actually been running their ads for about a year. And this brand right here, I don't know. This brand we've been running their ads now for like 6, 7 months now. They already had everything set up exactly how we like it. So then all we do is just change the naming conventions at the ad set levels for the creatives we launched, but we're still running all our ads, like we're still managing the account and stuff. So, um that's the only reason why I have like the different agency initials for some of these compared to us. Going here into the ad set structure, I only pulled one just to make it easy for y'all. Um but essentially all we're doing is just creating a new ad set for every new batch of ads. So, all of these are different batches of ads. Now, what is a batch of ads? Literally, it's just an ad idea. I have an ad idea to go create a UGC video. I create the UGC video, and I launch it. Simple as that. Don't overthink it. Just whatever your ad idea is, that's that's what that ad ad set is for. And then you'll see some of these have like numbers here. That's how we track a lot of like the creatives and stuff we make and then we basically just launch them in this campaign and we let it, you know, gain spin and, you know, improve performance. Simple as that. I have a lot of videos on this YouTube channel. Here's a great example here. This is a new animation ad that we just launched um that's actually crushing for this client. We have three videos in here, all the exact same video. So, you can see right here, all the exact same video, uh all the exact same text hook. The only thing different is the visual hook on each one. Visual hook is usually the first three to five seconds of a video and then we just do separate ads. We don't do flexible media, we don't do related media or anything like that. We just do three separate ads. It keeps it simple. If you want to do flexible media, if you want to do that new thing where you can group all three together, go for it. Like it it's it doesn't make a difference in performance. Like you guys like nerd out over the weirdest [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Keep it consistent. That's the best thing. And then, same thing for photos. So, here's an example here. All have the same text hook, text hook, text hook, and then just a different background on each one. Here, we have all the same videos. You can see 52, 52, 52. And then, all the same videos, um all the same text hooks. But, if you notice here, all that is different visual hooks. That's it. Now, as far as scaling budgets here, we're literally just coming here to this CBO campaign and then we're going ahead and editing budget. And we're either bumping that up or bumping it down purely depending on performance. Now, here's the KPI we use, scaling KPI. Uh basically if we hit the KPI yesterday, we increase spend by 20% and then the SOP is done and then we come back tomorrow. Now, let's say if we didn't hit that KPI, then we're going to ask ourselves, have we waited at least 3 days for it to be hit? Uh if no, then we're going to wait another 24 hours and then SOP's done and then we come back again here and then we just go back to this again. Let's say if we did wait for 3 days to be hit, my next question is, are we at the hard deck? Basically, this is just a number that we can afford to lose for next 30 days. It's is to be purely tied to how much money we have in the bank account. And if we are at our hard deck, then we're not going to increase spend and just come back to that KPI right here. Now, if we are not at the hard deck, then we'll decrease spend by 20% and then come back here again tomorrow. So, that's it. So, this is what we're doing with the ad account structure. It's very simple. The only time we're really turning any ads off as well as if they take a lot of spend, impact performance negatively, or like what I'll do here is I'll look at like the last 7 days for example. I'm always looking at last 7 days, that's going to be the biggest one besides like scaling or increasing budget. And basically I'm looking at here last 7 days. I'll look at the ads level. I don't have it selected for this, but I'll look at the ads level and I basically just sort everything by amount spent where you can see highest spending versus lowest spending. And then basically I'm looking at the last 7 days and I'm kind of like looking at these right here. And everything that's kind of below the top three highest spending ads with like a higher cost per purchase than these. So, like this is like a 40, you know, 47, 52, 55. I wouldn't even test turning this one off too right here because it's 55. But anything kind of higher than this cost per purchase and stuff below here, I'm turning off. So, like all of these are good. This would be one I would turn off which was turned off right here. Next one right here is this 94. This one needs to be turned off. Now, it's still active. It's not hasn't been turned off yet. And that might just purely because my media buyer wants to give it another day or two to test. I typically let things run for about 7 days. Here's something else I would technically turn off. Here's something else I would turn off. Here's something else I would turn off. And you can see that was also turned off right there, too. That's essentially how I'm making my decisions. I keep it simple. I think we're in the ad account per day like 5, 10 minutes a day and we're done. Outside of ad account structure, let's go into the creative. That's horrible. So, starting off here, this is whitelisting ads here. This is basically just a fake Facebook page you make and then you do the long-form primary text right here. And I I've never really wanted to call them whitelisting. They're actually what's called native ads. That's what people have been calling it. Uh, in native ads, native ads has been working for some of our accounts. Uh, and basically we have this, when you click see more right here, we have 2,500 word primary text here. So, this primary text extends and it's super long with like a story, right? So, that's that's one thing we're running right now. That's native ads. That's crushing. You just do these little images that look organic, offsetting to the platform, you know, things that catch people's eyes. Things like that. That's crushing for us. Next thing that's crushing for us right here is these new style ads. This one specifically right here, we showcased this, you know, basically before state here and then we show the, like, what the hell is this? Like, I want to see what that is. And then this one right here is actually introducing a new mechanism. Viral new laser treatment. Uh, so, new mechanism. The outcome people want vanishes acne. And then how we position that in their head in 30 minutes right there. This is like a $3,500 product. This is one of our Legion clients. Uh, they have a sales team, call center, things like that that we generate leads for them and they just go and do, you know, do that. But this is a new style ad right here with a new mechanism. Is basically what this is. Next one here, this is uh, a video here we're doing and this is called AI voiceover plus B-roll, okay? So, basically what will happen here is this video will go on. It's like a 44-second video. And basically it's just a whole bunch of random clips that are related to the script. We have uh, AI voiceover. We use Eleven Labs for that. And then we just have a whole bunch of B-roll, which is a mix of AI uh, plus UGC, plus uh, another one we really like is Grid Bank. Grid Bank is also another really good one. Uh, really solid place that we like to pull a lot of B-roll from. And Grid Bank, what's cool about Grid Bank, it's stock footage, but unlike uh, Shutterstock, for example, where the stock footage is all like high-production cameras. Grid Bank is actually all um iPhone. So, this is some other stuff that's working really well. This one right here, we're also testing uh a new avatar. So, here new avatar is what we're going after for this one instead of going after like horny college kids if getting their breath fixed to go be like make out with a chick. Here, we're highlighting um basically this idea of uh using um you know, getting rid of cigar breath. We're going after cigar smokers here. Here's the next one that's working really well for us is actually a new ad we just found. This is one of our Legion clients, specifically for uh higher ticket Legion. And this ad right here cut cut our CPL down from like $500 all the way down to like $200 or uh closer to $300. It's like $297. And this right here is just a AI uh animation ad. And we're essentially doing Higgs field for this. And we actually have uh let's see. Higgs field, uh we're doing AI animation for that. We actually have all of this inside of my course. We basically have been filming AI Creative Mastery right here. This is only for my Inner Circle students. This is just for my Inner Circle students. And basically we have this whole, you know, 22 videos now that we've created, tutorials and stuff like that, going over how to use Higgs field, how to edit it, all of those good things there. Not to really sell you guys anything, but that's what we're doing for that. And we're just making these animated ads. And then there's a mixture of ones, there's the skeleton ones, there's the claymation ones, there's the, you know, just Pixar style animation and stuff. That's what people have been using right here. And this works really well, especially to a client like this where we need to film in a restaurant, but it's extremely expensive to film in a restaurant, um we'll essentially use this right here. And this works really well for like a client like this, and it's been crushing. Now, next one here, this one is what I would say a influencer style. So, here's just influencer. Basically, what we'll do is we'll go find influencers, we'll pay them anywhere between 1K to, you know, 2K per video for one video. And basically what we're doing is we're just doing the OG like, I don't know if y'all remember like the Old Spice commercials where they had Terry Crews in it or like you had uh Sydney Sweeney in the recent uh Dr. Squatch ads for example. You leverage someone's uh name, likeness, image and all that stuff and you essentially go ahead and you just put them in the video. That's it. So like this for example, this video this ad right here was filmed by a huge influencer in the firearms niche cuz that's what this particular client does. Uh we essentially paid that person with anywhere between a thousand to two thousand dollars per video and they make a handful of videos per per month. We throw those in the ad account and they crush really well because you're now putting that person that everyone in that like niche already looks up to, gains trust from and now they're using your product. Now here's just your standard aware ads. Here essentially this is just running a standard, you know, hey buy two get one free. This is like basically what we're doing is we're looking at the calendar for the month. You know, boom boom boom boom. You know, my horrible calendar right here. And then basically we're just picking out a couple uh dates per month where we'll run a limited time sale. So at the time I'm filming this video, it's Memorial Day weekend and essentially what we're doing is we're running these Memorial Day sale for the weekend right here. We'll turn it off and then all we do is just rebrand the current offer enhancer or our offer bonus. We'll just keep rebranding that for every like event. And this is an aware style ad. It's not a high spending ad. It's it's definitely going to be more on your your lower spending ads right there. So it's not going to be like a high spender. But every time we do it, it always crush and it gives us some really quick wins and we can use some statics uh for this right here. And this is one of the last ones that's uh working for us and this is just standard UGC. We're testing uh a new avatar as well, which is like here we're doing like yarn and needles and basically people who do like sewing and stuff. This is just standard UGC. We paid this girl right here to film a video for us. It's not AI or anything like that. And then this is crushing on the side and just standard UGC. I mean I don't I don't really need to go too much in depth with it. So, if you notice we have a mixture of UGC, statics, influencer videos, AI animated videos, AI videos, voice over plus B-roll, you know, new style statics, native statics and stuff. And we have a mixture of everything. And I can't tell you I can't stress this enough. There's so many of y'all that watch these videos and like, "I just want to do native ads, Nick. I don't want to do anything else." Or like, "Oh, Nick, I just want to do animation ads." And like that's the worst possible mindset you could possibly be in because some of these accounts we're working with, some of them work better with native ads. Some work better with like branded content and new style ads. Some of these work better with AI voice over. You you have to be able to test and have a mentality of let's test a little bit of everything and then double down on what works. And that's how we approach every single client that comes into our agency. We have the capacity to do all of these. We can do all of it. Just cuz I don't talk about some of these things doesn't mean we don't do it. Just means that hey, like, you know, that's just something that doesn't work as often as compared to these that crush for us. And what we do here is we double down on the things that work. So, like I said, some of these clients we test everything when they come on board, native ads crushes and we we do a little bit more emphasis of native ads for that account. 80/20 rule. 80% of my time is doubling down on what works and 20% of my time is consistently testing new creative types, new approaches to ad creation so that way we can try constantly looking at evolving and trying to be at like, you know, improving the agency side on the creative side. So, you know, what's worked best performing creative? This is something that's working for like some of our top performing creatives for all these different accounts. Um also give you really good inspiration here of hey, expand your [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] mind and test a couple different things and see what works better. Don't be a little [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and oh, I only want to do native ads, Nick. If it doesn't work with native ads, I'm not doing it. Blah blah blah blah blah. Don't [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] be in that mindset. It's the worst possible mindset you can be in moving forward. Here, we're looking at landing pages, okay? Now, landing pages, the two main types of landing pages that's working for us right now are listicles and quiz funnels. Now, I unfortunately can't show you all the quiz and listical that's currently crushing for us right now just because of NDA with those particular clients. I feel notice I only showed you all like a handful of clients and all the client accounts we're running and that's just because of NDAs and stuff. Outside of that, I pulled two listicals or I pulled a listical and a quiz funnel. I highly recommend. Like, I love these two. These are from two different brands. We don't run their ads. We didn't create these, but we create a lot of versions just like it. So, this one's from Hollow Socks. Hollow Socks going after 10 reasons why America is ditching their doctor synthetic compression socks for alpaca. And then basically it's a listical with like a us versus them at each key point just to really hammer in why this is better. Really cool. I like this a lot. I'll literally just take the URL from this, throw it into Claude, have Claude analyze the whole page, and then rewrite it for my product and give it a little bit of direction of how I want it rewritten. We use something like Funnelish, right? We use Funnelish because we're an agency and all the pages we create for our client we keep. So, we have like our own domain. We host everything on that one domain and then that way, you know, if the client decides to leave like we still keep that page. Now, the reason why we do that is because handful of our clients are terrible when it comes down to like getting landing pages implemented in our business and it's a huge [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] mess. So, for us, some of these landing pages we keep and we also run our platform and then some of our clients will have like Page Deck, Jim Pages or Rep Lo, they'll add us to it and then we'll just go and design in there. I'm not biased to Funnelish, I'm not biased to Rep Lo, I'm not biased to Page Deck, I'm not biased to Jim Pages. All are good. If you look at this, we're creating very simple pages. It's a white background with black text. That's the whole [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] page. Same thing here with these images. So, when you you're like geeking out over which one's better and why, it's use case scenario is the big thing you have to be thinking about. Now, let's move forward here to Marsman quiz funnel. Now, quiz funnels, we're exclusively using HeyFlow for quiz funnels. That's every person I talk to that's doing, you know, seven, eight, nine figures, all of them are running with HeyFlow. Uh we've tested HeyFlow, we use HeyFlow, we haven't tested any others. Just so far what I got recommended and we've been sticking with it. Marsman is running a really great quiz funnel. I love quiz funnels. It allows you to open up an idea in your ads and then the quiz helps sell people on the idea of why this is the best thing ever to happen, yada yada yada. So, quiz funnels work really well. Again, we're using HeyFlow. And the last thing, just to clear the air of how we're doing landing pages, we're taking our ad, we're driving traffic to to the landing page and then the landing page has a big button to around something like check availability, buy now and then we send people to the Shopify product page. So, we are not doing checkout on the landing page, okay? So, we are not using HeyFlow's checkout. We're not using Funnelish's checkout. We're not using any of those checkouts. We're simply just driving traffic to the landing page and the landing page goes to the Shopify product page and then from there it's just a standard process. All you have to make sure you do is take the pixel ID or pixel code from your Shopify product page, and then just also add it on your landing page as well. So, that way, even though that's two different domains cuz 99% of the time it's a different domain than this one. So, we'll have like a different page name, different domain, different domain. All we got to make sure we do is copy the pixel code and put it on the landing page, and that way your pixel will still go through and track all those events from the ad, landing page, Shopify product page, and back to the ad right there. So, this is everything that's working for us basically last month after spending $5 million. I hope this guys helped this out for y'all. If you're interested in us running your Facebook ads, we do everything from ad account management to creative creation, landing page creation, all of all nine yards. You got to be doing a minimum of 100K a month cuz our prices start at 10K a month to run the ads for you, create all the creatives for you. So, you have to be doing at least 100K a month just, you know, financially qualified for that. If you rather it be done with you and you want me to hop in your ad account, do one-on-one calls with you, give you like reviews and stuff, and tell you what to do, that's what my inner circle's for. Uh we have people anywhere from, you know, 100K a month to a million dollars a month inside of there, even some 30 $30 an hour month brands. We're hopping on one-on-one calls with them, group calls with them, uh give them feedback in their account, and that way they can go implement their self. Uh and that's for $1,500 a month. We're at 88 members. We are capping it at 100 members. Um and then, you know, when anytime someone leaves from it, then it'll be 2K a month. So, you know, we're about to up price and then also to about to close it off to 100 members. So, um but yeah, thank you guys so much for watching this video. Uh those links will be below. Hit the like button. Hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. My name's Xavier, and I'll talk to you guys later. Peace out.

  Top Comments:
  1. @getresultsnowinc [1 likes]: But but I only want to do native ads Nick😂😂😂😂😂
  2. @andiosumayao2984: do you still turn off ads that are not spending for the past 7 days?
  3. @tays3765: These are pretty high CPRs right? Do you also work for smaller AOV e-com brands? What is a good CPR for a lower ticket E-com brand?
  4. @yuvalaharon6865: Gold. Keep these coming. 

Would love to see full funnel  showing the ads used to drive traffic to the landing pages (not the product pages directly )
  5. @TheCamiel12345: Thanks a lot for making videos like these!
  6. @NickTrinh-n7c: This video topic is gold. It helps us be ahead of what's working RECENTLY (actual results)!

- Cost Breakdown: Running Facebook Ads in 2026: Kind: captions Language: en Cost breakdown, running Facebook ads. Hi guys, welcome back to another video. And in today's video, I'm going to be telling you about Facebook ads and how much would it cost and break down the entire process. So, let's get into it. So, as you can see, I'm over here, business. And all you have to do is click on get start. When you click on it, it'll take you to meta ads and you can go ahead and get started by clicking on create ad over here. You have to make sure that you're logged in with your Facebook account. So, as you can see, I'm already logged in and now we can go ahead and click on get started or you can click on start. Now, if you haven't created a page, you can create a page by clicking on the start now button and click on create a page. That page is going to be the foundation of your entire ads. So, I already have a page. So, I can just simply click on create ads and it'll take me to the ads manager within the meta suite. And this is how it looks like. Now, here on the left hand side, I'll go ahead and click on campaigns, right? And here we have all of our campaigns. You can see right here all these different ones. And I'm going to actually go ahead and delete them. So, we're going to just simply trash them and create a new one. We're going to click on create button over here at the left corner and we're going to select our objective. Now, our main objective is well, it depends on you. So, if you want more views or reach, go with awareness. If you want more traffic, more clicks, go with the traffic option. It's good for uh landing pages, uh Instagram profile visits, messengers, stuff like that. If you want more engagement, like video views, post engagement, conversions, calls, go with this one. If you want more leads like people filling out forms, getting information, go with this one. App promotion name suggested. And then we have sales. So it's good for conversions, catalog. If you have a website, it's good for that if you want more sales. So depends on you, whichever one you choose. But we're going to go with awareness and click on continue. And now we go into the ads set. So basically we're now creating our campaign. So we add our campaign name over here. We've already selected the objective and now we have advantage plus. This is basically you know AI. So it distributes the budget across the sets to get more results. So you can control spending of each ad. So you can turn it on if you want. And then you can set your daily budget. And if you have like special special category like for example real estate, financial, housing, employment, go with this one. If not, leave it as it is. And then hit the next button. Next is going to be your adset. Here you basically set the foundation of your ads. So here you can see we've already set the our objective, right? This is our Facebook page. We've already select that. If you have multiple, you can go select those. We'll go with this one. And then frequency control. You want the target or the cap. This is a bit different. So target basically the average number of times that you want people to see your ad. If you want cap, the maximum number of time that you want people to see your ad. So here you can see 2 * 7 every day. So if you go with cap uh all the targeted audience is going to see your ad at least twice within the seven days. If you want target this one if you go with this one basically changes that and sets an average number of times that you can set and people watching your ads. So here you can see some campaign budget settings will be updated. That's fine if you go with that one. Uh boom. So now we've selected that. So you can go ahead and select the frequency of the ad itself. totally depends on it. You can also add some rules, but we'll leave it as it is. Then we have dynamic creative. So they'll automatically create combinations of your media and text that your audience likely to respond. You can turn this on. All the posts that you have on your page, they'll create like a dynamic creative of those posts. If not, leave it as it is and you can upload your own creatives later on. Then you have budgeting and schedule. So here is lifetime budget or you can go with the lifetime budget. So this is going to be your main budget. You put this in as your main budget. you leave it, you forget about it. If you want a daily budget, right, let's say if you want uh your ad to run for like 7 days, go with the daily budget. Set a minimum over here and then it will start over here. You can set like a whole schedule if you want and an end date as well. You'll be spending an average of $5,000 per day. You can see your maximum daily spending is $8,000. Or is that 8,000 or is that point? So, I think this is a point. Yeah, it's not 500. Yeah, it's $5. Sorry about that. So, your average spending is going to be $5 and your maximum daily spending is going to be $8.75 and your maximum weekly spending is going to be $35. So, that's pretty much Yeah. So, you can go ahead and set that up. And then you have your budget scheduling over here. And of course, uh the more budget you have, the more audience you're going to target. Although it's best to target like minimum over here. You can set up your own audience control like you can set up your own demographic. Like for example, the age group, the language they speak, the area, the type of phone they use. All those stuff comes into your audience. All that stuff comes into your demographic. The more narrow and precise your demographic is, the more expensive it's going to be. And more narrow it's going to be. So keep that in mind. That's how usually ads work. Now, I would recommend go with a starting amount, like a minimum amount to see how it performs. If it doesn't perform to your liking, like you feel like it's underperforming, you can increase the budget and that way you will have more control over it. But if you increase the budget and still you see and if you see but if you increase the budget and you see your desired result then you can keep that budget or increase it to see more stuff but if you feel like you're overspending then you can decrease it. Testing it out basically that's the entire budget and then we have audience controls over here. So here you can see these are your saved attributions. Over here you can set a set your own audience controls over here. So here you will have locations and you'll have more options as I said before you'll have a minimum age group. You can add custom audiences over here. You can even set languages as well. So here we'll go with different language. So here I'll just search for English since it's you know one of the most common ones over here. We'll go with English. We'll change the location as well. Click over here. We'll remove this one. go with New York. Yeah. And we'll remove this. There we go. Now you can see it's a little bit more congested, more narrower. And if you want, we can even go into it and select our own, you know, uh, pin over here. Right now, we're targeting the entire New York. So, what if we just wanted to, you know, target Brook Haven or Bolin. So, what we do is we click over here. Actually, we'll remove that. Um, Brooklyn. There we go. Within the burrows. All right. And we'll remove New York. And now you'll see our target audience is a little bit more narrower. And of course, we can also set the age group, which is set already to like 18, which is good. Language is already set. And then we have audience plus. So here we'll have some AI suggesting us what we want. So 18 to 65. All right. So we can go with yeah we don't want 65 depends on you but yeah we'll go with 18 to 30 right updating it now you see it's a little bit more congested and then we can add genders and also add some more targeting detail like demographics like interest stuff like that and then we can save this as a whole audience right then you have ad transparency as well here you can let your audience know who benefits from the ad or stuff like that and then you have placements which is already done with the advantage plus, but you can go ahead and se select your own placement. Where would your ad show up in the feeds, in the messages, in the explorer page, wherever and then you can go ahead and check those out as well. But I think this looks good. Then you select the next button and then you publish your ad. So here is going to be your main ad. You select your identity. Select Facebook account. If you have like an Instagram account, you can connect that to it. You can add the setup over here as a single image or a carousel. And then upload your creative by clicking on this button. And you can set up the creative testings over here. So you can upload five different types of creative and see which one works. And then you can go with that one. And it's as simple as that. And then you hit the publish button and boom, your ad is live. And that's how you can set up Facebook ads on Meta. So thank you for watching. Hope you guys enjoy this video. And until next time, take care and goodbye.

- How to Test Facebook Ads Creatives at Every Budget (2026): Kind: captions Language: en how to test ad creative in 2025 I am going to do something that has never been done on YouTube before I'm not going to show you just one way to test your meta ads creative I'm going to show you three because I believe this next statement to my core the way that you test ad creative when you're spending $3 million per month is vastly different than when you're just starting off or you have a much lower budget so let's jump into the ad account I'm going to show you exactly how I test creative at these different level levels for e-commerce so let's start with the lower budgets and how I would structure a creative testing for brands that are going to be spending anywhere from 5 grand to 15 grand per month or even a little bit lower in spoiler alert at this stage we are only using one campaign So in theory it's all creative testing especially if you're just getting started now I've actually set up a few first campaigns for some new brands recently and this is exactly how I do it because you're able to get those first few initial creat learnings without over complicating the setup so Dar here from the editing Bay really quick we are going to be going right for a sales campaign here that's going to be optimizing for purchases there is no way even if you are just starting off as a brand new brand if you want to go after those purchases we are not starting with traffic campaigns we are not starting with engagement campaigns or add toart campaigns meta's algorithm is so advanced in 2025 that you just have to tell what you want to go after which in this case is going to be those purchases now for Brands and businesses that are on the lower end of this budget Spectrum I really like to limit the ad creative to 10 in generally I really like to lean on primarily Statics to get back those first few pieces of creative learnings but often times I'll include a ugc style ad or even a ugc style Founders ad especially if it's already in the vault and they already have this ad creative available however like I mentioned I would really start focusing on Statics just because they're a lot easier to make and you can get more those messaging learnings that you can then roll into videos but the type of Statics I'd make sure that you are testing include benefit call out ads Us Versus Them headline ads ugly ad Statics testimonial Statics and again if you already have video creative that performed really well on Tik Tok or reals that's also something that I would include in your initial rounds of testing however wouldn't start testing a ton of new video until you start learning what type of messaging is actually converting your customers again start with 10 ad creatives at those lower budgets and then you can start to add another ad creative or two every single week and I wouldn't worry too much about turning ads off unless they really aren't meeting your CPA goal and for some reason the algorithm is spending a lot on them otherwise I would just let them run also I know if you've seen some of my past testing videos you might be surprised in even a little mad to hear that I'm using Advantage Plus shopping campaigns for testing at this level but hear me out I want to explain why so number one you can actually test more ad creatives more efficiently using an ASC campaign now compared to the growth testing stage where you're likely going to be spreading out that budget across different adsets and even a little bit across different campaigns if you're just using one ASC this is truly the most Consolidated type of setup that you can have essentially you want to make sure that your budget allows you to get out of the learning phase and this setup will help you do that at that lower budget and also because you're allowed to test more creatives more creatives means more opportunities to convert your customers so we are essentially able to hey have a more Consolidated campaign but have more ad creatives in that campaign underneath the setup and number two it's a way easier setup to manage so if you're a solopreneur doing it all yourself this is honestly the easiest way to run meta ads creative right now in 2025 is using one ASC campaign this way you don't have to worry about adding adsets tinkering with audiences trying to figure out retargeting or prospecting it just keeps it all in one campaign and I especially think if you are a brand new brand this is really powerful it also puts you in a much better position to again get those initial creative learnings and then be able to test other types of setups and account structures when you already have an idea about what works on the creative end which is a really good thing to do because your creative is going to be your biggest lever on the platform before we dive into the second creative testing method I want to share with you one of my new favorite tools particle which has genuinely changed the way that I approach creative testing especially at the growth and scale levels particle gives you real-time sales pricing andc data on some of the world's top brands and honestly one of the biggest gaps that I see right now in Creative testing is actually coming from the product and Merchandising perspective AKA figuring out what types of products and bundles to test bundles is especially a huge one which is why I really like looking inside of particle to see what types of products are actually selling for Brands they have two new features that I want to share with you number one is the marketing asset Library where you can get a full snapshot of a Brand's marketing from emails and website assets to social media creatives and yes even ad creatives and probably one of my most favorite features is events here you can see everything from sitewide discounts to product launches and even variant restocks all in one place so lately one of my big focuses as a creative strategist has been using meta ads and creative testing to explore better merchandising strategies for the brands that I work with even things like naming products differently or bundling different products together not too many people talk about this online yet but this is honestly where a number of my recent wins have been knowing how to look at a product suite and which products to position or bundles to create to then showcase on meta ads is candidly expert tier creative strategy and particle helps me zero in on what's actually selling and how they're being marketed which helps put me in a way better position to figure out how to implement those for my own Brands so if you work at a brand or you're doing research agency side this is truly a no-brainer please let me know in the comments if you have any questions at all about particle I am genuinely so passionate about this product and I would be super happy to help you out all right so if you are past that lean testing phase and you consistently starting to spend $1,000 per day or $30,000 per month or even up to $50,000 per month you have entered into what I call the growth testing phase so let's hop into the ad account and I can show you exactly what this looks like now what you'll notice is that many ad Accounts at this stage actually just have two core campaigns in fact you can and should just keep the ASC campaign that you had from the previous level as long as there is performance of course now I'll say this out ofcurrent structure is widely accepted as a best practice now Barry hot even broke it down in his recent course which was really awesome to see but you'll see here that we've added a creative testing campaign now this is a manual campaign not an ASC and when we top inside you'll actually see that every single test gets its own ad set so instead of tossing one to two new ads into an ASC every time you want to test a creative I actually create a new ads set here for each testing concept and typically I am going to be putting three to six ad creatives inside of each if you are on the lower end of that budget go ahead and just put in three but if you're working with a little bit more budget then sometimes that's where I see people test ing six to seven creatives now I typically recommend $100 to $200 per adset per day and I'll say too the question of whether or not you should use or CBO is really a media buyer decision I personally generally use so that I can get a quick read on ad creatives by throttling that spend so within a few short days I know hey is this ad creative going to work or not I don't have that looming question but I know many brands that use CBO here really successfully and I actually know of several six to seven figure Brands who actually use the one campaign method using this exact campaign in fact my business partner Miguel actually has a great YouTube video where he breaks down exactly how he does this for brands in that growth stage it's a super effective setup and it's absolutely another option that you have to test if you find that those ASC campaigns aren't working as well for either way CBO or your creative testing at the ad level is going to look exactly the same and at this stage yes you're going to have some tests that are more focused on images but I do find a lot of brands in this stage are concentrating a lot more on video and again each ad set is going to be it's each individual creative test and inside of that creative test you're going to have anywhere from four to six creatives or variations of those creative and at this stage I would have those variations take much bigger swings in your messaging I actually mentioned this last year in the video and it's something that I absolutely still do today so for instance you should do a creative test that's a little bit more like this as opposed to doing something like this and for videos that's going to be a really similar thing except you're going to be testing out different hooks again take those bigger swings and I also see a number of Brands testing out different lengths of video time here which is something that I really like to play with as well now ultimately the structure as a whole is going to do a few things for you number one it's going to isolate your creative testing from your scaling budget so that ASC campaign is essentially going to become your scaling campaign and what I like to do is when I find Winners in the creative testing campaign I'm going to then duplicate those into the ASC campaigns so it starts to become a campaign of winners and having your testing in a different campaign from your scaling helps keep the data quite a bit cleaner and it also stops from muddying performance with unproven tests which ultimately is going to give you more stability across campaigns I can't tell you how many times I've added a creative test to an otherwise performing campaign and I saw performance tank ultimately this is going to give you a lot more stability across your campaigns this structure also introduce variation testing which is going to allow us to really zero in on what type of messaging and formats are really converting and allow us to get quite granular with what is actually going to make them convert and the final reason it's a great foundation for scaling you have two campaigns one that is an ASC that is starting to be compounded with a lot more winners and you also have the creative testing campaign and as you are building them up side by side as long as they're getting performance having those two campaigns is ultimately another way to scale I used to call this horizontal scaling where you are essentially adding in more adets or more campaigns as opposed to Vertical scaling which is just increasing the budget ultimately brands that grow need a little bit of both all all right let's talk about creative testing for big budget Brands AKA brands that are spending more than a million dollars per month on meta ads so how exactly is this different from the growth States well I'm going to be really honest functionally as it relates to the creative testing campaign it's not going to be wildly different typically you're still going to see only one creative testing campaign inside of these accounts now I've worked at Brand spending $5 million per month and they still just have one creative test Tes in campaign it's actually the things that are outside of that creative testing campaign that start to become a lot more complex now I will say that a few creative agencies do require their own creative testing campaign I'm not going to name any names but they're only doing this for reporting reasons it doesn't actually help things performance-wise another thing to note too is I often find at this stage nearly all brands are using if you're actually working for one of these Brands and you're not using let me know I'm just a little bit curious about that now I would still consider this a media bu choice because I've seen a select few ad accounts recently that were successfully using CBO at scale like this it's just not something that I see that often and I imagine that's because the creative teams want to get a really quick read on their ad creative so that they can start iterating and ingesting learnings for their road map a lot more quickly another thing to note to is I often see brands at this stage testing using cost caps not all the time by any means but really when you're starting to spend at these levels you have a good idea of what your target CPA should be on meta ads and if you already have a ton of great creative that's already performing well for you you really want to make your additional creative tests really perform well and only get the best of the best which is why you're going to likely add in that cost cap for those testing campaigns now I'm not going to leave you hanging once we get inside of ads manager to be honest the testing campaign is pretty much going to be looking exactly the same as I showed you in the gross stage and in theory too when you're at this stage you're going to already have a really good idea about what's working which is going to help guide your overall strategy I see most brands here launching creative tests at 200 per day and then they'll let it run for 7 days or so or maybe until it gets to a th000 and of course if you get an early read on a creative you see that it's working really well or you see that it's you know totally tanking they'll turn it off but if they see it's working well they'll start to scale it up you know as soon as possible really so what truly is the difference right it's primarily going to be volume you're going to be testing anywhere from 10 to 20 sometimes even more creative tests per week and it's not just more volume it's also a little bit more refined because at this stage you already have a pretty good idea about what's working so when you are doing more of that variation testing you're actually going to be testing a lot more slight differences here I'd say you're going to be doing more things like this instead of those bigger swings that we were doing in the growth testing phase and I'd also say here too that the creatives that you're going to be testing are just going to become a lot bigger swing so likely you're going to start testing into celebrities into bigger influencers you're going to be testing out some more higher production maybe you're going to do a high production Founders ad if a low five Founders ad is something that you saw worked really well when you are getting at the stage it's really about diversifying the type of creative that you have and doing that at a higher volume it's not an easy thing to do and I will will be so blunt I've seen the backend and how many brands are working and I'd say that we're all still learning the best methods to really make this work so while the testing structure itself doesn't change a ton from the growth to scale stage the complexity absolutely does you're going to have a lot more volume a lot more creative diversity which is why you know your team is going to look a lot lot different at this stage I actually think that's candidly the big thing that is going to change from that growth to scale stage is really the makeup of your team and if that's something that interests you please let me know in the comments I can definitely make more content about that now I find that most gurus online like to tell people that there's only one right way to do things on meta ads and I'm hoping that this video showed you that it's just not true my goal with this video ultimately was to show you that there are multiple ways to succeed on this platform which is really important to know when things don't seem to be working as well now I'll be blunt nine times out of 10 you likely have a creative problem on your hands especially if you're at those earlier stages so don't throw in the towel immediately on the format if you're not getting a winner just yet but I will say yeah you know if you're plugging Along on meta ads and it just doesn't seem to be working try a different testing strategy because ultimately I found that one of the most important things to success on meta ads is actually your mindset you absolutely have to have a testing mindset and really truly be curious about what is going to make your customers convert and I hope that this video gave you a little bit more insight into how I think about these things which is absolutely different when I'm working with a brand that is completely new and launching their first meta ads campaign to the brands that are scaling into the millions of AD ad sets that are scaling into the millions of ad spend per month it is a completely different ball game anyways love you so much see you next week bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @DaraDenney [7 likes]: Lean, Growth, or Scale: which testing budgets are you working with? I'm happy to help out with any questions you have here :)
  2. @ArturJablonskiCom [2 likes]: Does every adset in your campaign has the same targeting audience?
  3. @CalmJaw-po1rw [1 likes]: Great video, but curious about one thing: At the first tier with one campaign, one ad set you mentioned this gives the best odds of exiting learning. But every time you add a new ad isn't it existing the learning phase?
  4. @mkndigital [1 likes]: Just curious on this, I know broad targeting is the one but do you exclude anything at all? People who purchased etc?
  5. @andamanskill [1 likes]: 2 creatives will got 80% of the budget.
The better is don't put more than 3 creatives on an ad set
  6. @janvasary [1 likes]: Hi Dara, loved the video! Could you share more about how you plan and structure your creative testing over time? I often find myself testing just for the sake of it, without a clear system or way to apply the learnings. Would love to see an example of how you approach this strategically!
  7. @SimonSchmieding: Is there a minimum amount of money you have to spend for each ad in a campaign? For example you run a campaign with 50$/daily. How much Creatives maximum you can put into that?
  8. @pablosanchez-arriolamigoya5652: Love your content Dara! When does your creative strategy course come out again?!?
  9. @moritzasche3060: How to scale on a low budget? In the same one campaign / adset?
  10. @theprovego2934: 00:03:45 How can you make sure the ASC will spend fairly on all 10 ads you're testing?
  11. @acardirobinson6845: Would you say spending $50/day at the start of a campaign is too low? (US) 1 CBO 1 adset <10 ads
  12. @darriusbell5471: Whenever you’re learning the type of messaging gets across to people. Are you testing that with statics or testing with running ugc ads?
  13. @Julia-nc8re: What are your thoughts on using minimum spends on ads within CBO testing campaign to "give them a chance"? Defeat the point of CBO or smart to an extent and why? What about when new ads get 0 spent on them and dont stand a chance against the few ok performing ones?
  14. @Julia-nc8re: Love this video thank you so much for your advice! Would you strongly advise against a Growth set up if the business isn't at the 30k mark p/m? Or can other indicators suggest you are ready for it?
  15. @nasrodineelghalbzouri4849: I want to find out which of my products generate the most interest. Should I put all product creatives (images and videos) into one campaign and ad set to let Meta optimize? Or should I create separate campaigns by product category, each with multiple creatives (e.g., 1 for mirrors, 1 for buffets)? Which approach do you think works best?
  16. @stockholmcompany3493: do you use any exclusion?
  17. @chaipibeta: Hi Dara !
In my Meta Ads Abo testing campaign, once I pause an ad in an existing ad set, should I place the newly created ad inside that same ad set to take advantage of the existing learning data, or should I set up a brand-new ad set for the new ad? I want to know which approach will give better results and whether using the same ad set might impact the accuracy of my test results.
  18. @chaipibeta: Hey Dara! Quick question within your ad set, do you usually keep all the ads in a similar style with only minor variations (like different hooks or CTAs), or do you mix in completely different formats like testimonials, aesthetic vs. ‘ugly’ static ads, or UGC videos—all within the same ad set?
  19. @Exotic-story.teller: look I now this might be silly but could I start by spending only around 8 dollar a month on these ads?
  20. @oxtrends835: If you are testing lower budget use ABO and Flexible ad.. works everytime

- When To Increase Your Facebook Ad Budget (Beginner's Guide): Kind: captions Language: en One question I get asked all the time is when should I increase my ad budget? Should I be leaving it at the level we're at? How should I scale? How quickly I should scale? This is a question that we get all the time in our community. So, this question here is from Zania. Hi, I've recently launched a new ad and on day one and two, I got three leads each for £10 daily budget. Yesterday, day three, I got one lead and today so far, day four, I've had one lead. I've got a 3% CTR and 45% CVR on the landing page. When should I increase budget and by how much? So, this is just one of the questions we get asked in our school community, the Facebook Ads Clinic, where we have question above question every single day. People are asking questions about Facebook ads, where myself and my experts can answer them as quickly as possible so you we can make your journey to Facebook advertising as smooth as possible. And also in this classroom, you have our Facebook Ads Masterclass. So, if you're starting out an ad and you want to make sure that you are doing this the right way, this module has everything you need to know to get started effectively. So, click the link in the description and you can join this community for free. But let's get into it. So, if you have a look here on this spreadsheet, I'm going to talk you through what Zania has asked and how we can effectively give her and yourselves the answer when you're running ads on a small budget. Let's have a look. So, we've got our chart here, budget. She's spending £10 a day. We've got day one, day two, day three, and day four. So, it's very, very early stages, but we are in that learning phase at the moment where we've an ad and Meta has gone to find its low-hanging fruit. So, in one of the last videos, just above here, you'll see where we're talking about the low-hanging fruit and the things that we need to look for when we start an ad. Zania's published her ad, content's gone out there, and Meta has gone to find its audience, okay? And you can see very, very good results. Three leads on the first day, three leads on the second day, but then things drop down on day three and day four. Now, the reason this happens is because Meta has found its low-hanging fruit. This is what we class as these bits. It's found the people ready to buy straight away. They've either seen content that Zania's already worked with, or they're already so high up on that ladder by looking at other things that are out there, that the minute they see the ad, they are in and they are buying. Or they're for this particular reason, they're in and they're converting that lead, okay? On day three and day four, things drop down slightly. This is more realistic. And what we are doing is we don't have much of the low-hanging fruit. We are looking for the realistic cost per leads moving forward. And we need to have that so we can understand how our leads are going to perform now and into the future. So, this is more realistic and we're looking at what, £10 a lead per day. Average click-through rate here is is the CTR, so how many people see the ad and click through, 3%. And then who click through to the landing page from that 3%, 45% fill in their details and become a lead. So, we're looking at a very, very simple funnel here of we've got the ad, which leads to a landing page here, and then then people fill in the landing page form here. So, at this point, see the ad, we've got 3% and then 45% filling the form. Really, really good statistics here. All of this at the moment, I think, is really good. Our average lead cost is £5, click-through rate 3%, conversion rate on the landing page is 45, which is really, really good. That's high. On average, we're looking at 20% for a good landing page. So, this is doing really, really well, which is probably why Zania's asking these questions as a, you know, a beginner in Facebook, as to when and how should I increase my budget. I've detailed a few questions here. Let's work work through these. So, when should you increase the budget? When results are consistent. Not just one day, but you've seen good results for three to five. Now, if we look up here, she's been running these for three to four. She posted this question for 7 days ago. It doesn't say on here, but it was 7 days ago when I looked up that. So, by now, she's going to start getting some more realistic data coming through. She's on her 7 to 9 days, and we are still looking at one, two, maybe it's gone up to two, and then maybe one again. We're looking at a nice consistency of, you know, 5 to 10 lb per lead, which means that with these other conversion rates going on at 3% click rate and 45% conversion rate, I would definitely be looking to increase. But, how quickly do we increase and by how much? Are we looking for stability or improvement day by day? Now, if you're going to scale your account, you must be under the understanding that it is going to go back into a bit of a learning phase. We don't want that to happen, but it is going to happen. So, we've been spending our time here. Now, the chances are very likely that Xania is going to be in her ad learning phase. So, even if she's on like day seven or nine, with the spend she's got and the amount of leads she's got, she's still going to be in learning phase. Meta may have put her ad to active and not into learning if it finds that it is speaking to the right people at the right time, and they're coming through consistently, it might say, "Hey, I've learned who your audience is now. I'm going to bring those people through, and we're going to put you to active, so you're no longer learning." I'd say that she probably is still in learning phase. Now, the way it works for learning phase is that Meta wants 50 conversions in 7 days. So, 50 conversions, which is a lead, in 7 days, and then how much is this going to equal? So, we're going to be talking about 10 lb a lead on average, and she needs 50 of them, so that's 500 lb. So, we're going to be looking for 500 lb, which is the total she'll need to spend to get um 50 leads divided by 7 days equals 71 lb a day. So, she'd have to increase, if we were to going to go by meta stats, she'd have to spend 71 pounds a day. So, 70 pounds a day is what she'd need to spend to exit learning phase. But, accounts do leave earning learning phase long before they have 50 conversions. And it's still not the end of the world. I'm going to do another video shortly on that. You can stay in the learning phase and make money. I've got plenty of clients who are on small budgets, still in the learning phase, and they are still able to grow their business. So, we've discussed learning phase. She's looking for stability or improvement. She wants a bit of both. And 3 to 5 days is the amount of time we need. So, how to increase budget gradually. Well, meta says that we need to increase budget by 10 to 20% every 2 to 3 days. They recommend this because they believe that your ad won't go back into learning if you do it 10 to 20%. I've used this experiment on plenty of accounts, not that I've seen the ad go back into learning when I've up'd the budget by 10 or 15%, but I know that lead cost goes up and the amount of leads goes down over the next 24 to 48 hours before it finds stability again. Now, depending on how close you are to the wire needing to get these leads in, it is one of the things that we just have to go through when we're increasing our budget. So, accounts I work in that are spending thousands a day, and we know that the lead cost is 25 pounds per lead, and they're spending 3,000 a day, I know that if I increase their budget even 10%, it will make the account unstable for about And I know that by working with those accounts, I know how to work those accounts, so I'm confident when I'm doing so. But, as a rule of thumb, I would stick to 10 to 20%. Don't panic 24 hours into that because it may have paused your leads, or it may have put your lead cost up, but it should become stable again. So, you can just increase that by 20% every 24-hour period, every maybe a bit of longer, 72 hours, but it could cause the ad set to go into the learning phase. And if it doesn't say that it's in the learning phase, you might notice that this the account has just become a little bit unstable. If we look at the mistakes that people make, increasing budget too fast is a big one. People just get excited they're spending 10 pounds a day and then they can whack it up to 100 pounds a day. Now, that's something that can happen and it can work. It's usually how much how big your cojones are to see whether you're willing to go through that 100 pound a day wastage if it fails or if it becomes unstable as it grows again. I would say with people with a small budget, I would say you stick to the 10 to 20% when increasing. Um scaling losing ads, throwing more money at it won't fix an ad that isn't working. If an ad's not working, then you can't just put more budget into it to hope that it finds a better audience. You need to put more creatives in there and test more creatives. Finding one that works, looking at similar results that we've got here in front of us, and then scaling accordingly. Ignoring creative fatigue. Now, one of the best ways to look at creative fatigue is over frequency and the increase in your cost per lead. So, if in this example the cost per lead is an average of let's say it's 10 pounds a day, and that starts going up to 12 and then maybe 14, 15, 17, it starts getting more expensive. You'll usually see a synergy between the amount of people it's reaching and the frequency and then the impression. So, if we're reaching 100 people, but our impressions is 500, that means that people we've reached, those 100 which are unique, have seen the ad five times, which gives us a re-frequency of five. So, 100, the frequency of five equals 500 impressions, okay? We would need to really scale that back down again. I would say as an example we don't see with 100 people, but it's an easy to understand example. So, we need to scale that back down cuz we need our frequency to be about 1.5 at least underneath two, okay, to be comfortable as we're starting to scale. We're starting to put our budgets up and our reach has stopped. So Meta's decided, "No, I'm only going to reach this amount of people." Our frequency will start going up, which means that the same people are seeing our ad over and over again, which means that our lead cost will probably start increasing as well. And last one here, not giving it enough time to get data. I do hear of people coming into my community and saying, "I turned an ad on yesterday. What metrics should I be looking at?" It's far too soon. I would publish your ad, go away for 72 hours, come back on the fourth day, and see what the results were like. And I know that's hard because you're basically turning everything over to Meta and just keeping it. But as long as you know that you're going to spend £20 a day, £60 over those 3 days, it may do what you want it to, it might not. You just need to know that you have to spend some money to go into testing. That's what I would like to basically say about increasing your budget for this question here. I hope that helps. And remember, if you need help with anything to do with your ads, click the link in the description below to go to my school community, completely free. We can help you out there. See you on the next one.

  Top Comments:
  1. @nickboddington1: Get my FREE 2026 Facebook Ads Masterclass here 👉 https://www.skool.com/theadsclinic/about

- Facebook Ads in 2026: NEW Secrets, Tips & Strategies: Kind: captions Language: en Meta ads have changed again. What worked 12 months ago is already becoming outdated. And if you're still relying on old strategies, you're leaving a lot of money on the table. In this video, I'm going to break down a number of Meta ad strategies and techniques that are working really well right now, including what's changed, what's quietly dominating behind the scenes, and how you can use it to scale profitably. Strategy number one is to use value rules. I'm a big fan of value rules because they allow you to have the best of both worlds when it comes to targeting. With value rules, you can influence who Meta puts your ads in front of without having to overly restrict them through hard targeting constraints. So, you can have the best of both worlds. You can have open targeting and the full flexibility that Meta wants to be able to work out exactly who to put your ads in front of, but give it direction towards your most valuable prospects or customers. Let me quickly show you what this looks like. So, I'm here inside an example Meta ad account and get to the value rule section. I come over here and click on advertising settings, then select value rules, and then go ahead and click on create a rule set. Then I need to select my criteria. Many different options here, conversion location, age, gender, etc., etc. Let's say I go with age. I may have analyzed my customer data and worked out that people over 35 are more valuable to my business. Perhaps they are more likely to convert from lead to eventual client. Perhaps they are more likely to stick on my subscription service for longer. Perhaps they are more likely to buy again from my e-commerce store. Different use cases for different businesses. So, let's say I've identified the demo valuable to my business, select all the age ranges above 35, and then I select by how much I want to increase my bid. Let's say I've worked out those people are 30% more valuable than others. I can go ahead and add in 30 in here, give the rule a name, go ahead and click next, give the rule set a name, 35 plus, click create. I can now add that into my campaigns, add that into my ad set, and Meta will continue to advertise to people that are both over 35 and under 35, but it is going to favor the people that are over 35, be willing to pay more in the auction to reach those people because we've told Meta they're more valuable to my business. So like I said at the beginning, a great way to have the best of both worlds when it comes to targeting, you don't need to have this trade-off between hard constraints but small audience versus open targeting, you can go with this option instead. Strategy number two is to define your audience segments. So Meta breaks down the audience that you're reaching into three different segments. You've got new audience, you've got engaged audience, and you've got existing customers. So it's really important to take a few minutes, it doesn't take very long at all, and get for example your customer list uploaded to your Meta ad account and then define in advertising settings that audience being existing customers. You want to do the same with your engaged audience, which is going to be people that are warm, they've interacted with your business before, but they haven't actually bought. So this could be website visitors, people on your email list but not your customer list, people who've engaged with you across the Meta apps. You can very quickly and easily do this in advertising settings. If we jump back to advertising settings, we've got here in this example ad account these already defined. We've got engaged audience for example, which we defined as our all website visitors 180, and we've got existing customers, we've got an example customer list uploaded. I've separate videos going into more details about how to do that, how to set it up, but really valuable to do because it allows Meta to better allocate budget across cold, warm, and hot audience, which is what these three categories are. You are also able to see in breakdown data when you're looking at your results at your campaign, ad set, or even ad level the split of spend but also where your results are coming from. How many of our purchases are coming from existing customers versus from new audience? What's the cost per purchase look like across those audience? You can do the same with with cost per lead. Takes a few minutes, well worth doing. Number three is to produce way more ad creative. We now aim for 20 different ad creatives per ad set. We used to be limited to six, that's what Meta used to recommend, but post Andromeda things have really changed. Meta is now prioritizing creative diversity. They want lots of different ad creative in the same ad set because it allows them to do a few different things. Firstly, it allows them to personalize ad delivery. So, they're not going to put the same ads in front of everyone. They're not going to work out from your six ads previously, "This is the best performer. Let's put that in front of everyone." Instead, they're going to work out, "This person's probably going to be more interested in this ad, but this person's probably going to be more interested in this ad." Meta obviously has the data to be able to make those calculations, and that's what the Andromeda update is going to help with. So, the more diversity you have amongst your ad creative, so different formats, different styles, different looks, the more you're going to be able to benefit from that. Also, it really helps with ad fatigue. The more creative diversity you have and the more different ads you have in an ad set, the longer it will take for them to fatigue. If someone sees the same ad seven or eight times, even in a two- or three-day period, they might get pretty bored of it. I've seen that. Yeah, get it. Whatever. But, if you've got lots of different ads and Meta is showing one ad in the morning, a different ad in the afternoon, different ad the next morning, etc. to that that one individual, it's going to take much longer before they become bored of it. You get past the I've seen this before, therefore I can scroll on filter much quicker. So, really important to produce extra ad creative. How do you go about doing that? Well, firstly, embrace different formats. Doesn't all have to be video. Video is the best performing ad format for most advertisers, but we want to make sure we've got a range of formats live at any one time. Different people interested in different formats is part of the reason, but also it's much quicker and easier to create lots of say image variations than it is to create lots of extra videos. That's the first thing. Secondly, embrace Meta's variation options. So, when you're uploading your imagery to the ad platform, you go through the creative setup process, Meta is often going to use AI to suggest variations of that image. By all means, take advantage of those. And you can use external tools that use AI to help you with this, too. One of the biggest reasons small budgets fail on Meta isn't targeting, it's the creatives. Because testing properly requires variations and variations cost money. A single UGC video from a creator, hundreds if not thousands of dollars. An agency to consistently produce and test new creatives, thousands if not tens of thousands dollars per month. And that's before you even know if the ads convert. If you're working with a small budget, that math just doesn't work. Hollow flips that part of the equation. You just paste in only your website URL and it analyzes your brand voice, positioning, and visuals. Then generates ready to publish ads, social posts, and email campaigns. But what makes this powerful for small budgets is the variations. Instead of giving you one creative, it can generate batches of different hooks, angles, formats, and layouts in seconds. You can tweak the size, swap visuals, adjust colors, change the messaging, translate it into another language, or even turn a static image into a video without starting from scratch each time. No prompts, no Canva marathons, no waiting weeks on freelancers. And here's why this matters for small budget advertisers. Meta rewards iteration. The people who win aren't always the ones spending the most, they're the ones testing the most. If you can create 10 to 20 creative variations quickly without spending thousands on production, you suddenly have leverage. Instead of spending your budget on creative production, you can spend it on actual ad testing. What used to take hours or cost thousands now takes minutes. For solo founders and small teams, that removes the biggest bottleneck in Facebook ads, producing enough creatives to find a winner. If creative costs have been holding you back from testing properly, Hollow is definitely worth looking at. There is a link in the description and a discount code if you want to try it. Strategy number four is to use partnership ads. Now, this is linked to the previous point I made around creating more ad creative. Partnership ads will certainly help you do that. Just to quickly explain what they are, partnership ads are ads that run from both your account and a creator's account. So, you can hire creators, influencers to produce usually video ad creative promoting your products and services. And then when you run them, they will be run from those two accounts, yours and theirs, hence why it's called a partnership ad. It's effectively influencer marketing, but not reliant on the organic distribution of their posts, but you can actually put budget behind it and advertise and run it to their audience. And there's a number of reasons why you might want to do so. Firstly, it's a quick and easy way to produce a lot more ad creative because you're not doing it yourself. Secondly, if you work with the right people and they have influence over your target market, they have scroll-stopping power. People are more likely to pay attention, so your hook rate improves. That's a big deal. That should not be underestimated. Thirdly, their recommendation carries weight. So, when they say you should go and buy this product or service, if it's someone that is respected in your space, people are more likely to do it as opposed to that recommendation coming from someone they don't know or from someone within your company. Fourthly, partnership ads can really help you build a brand over time because if you work with creators over an extended period of time, the creators that you work with, people will start to associate with your business and your business will take on the values and the things that people think about those creators. Means you need to pick well in the first place, but it can be a great way to build a brand. Also, when you're working with influencers creators, they're normally pretty good at producing creative assets, otherwise they wouldn't have become an influencer or creator in the first place. So, it's a great way to get really high-quality ad creative that a lot of businesses just aren't capable of producing themselves. Now, of course, it costs money to go out and hire these people, but if you choose right, you are more than likely going to recoup the cost pretty quickly in terms of increased ad efficiency. If you take 10% of your advertising budget, for example, and pay that to creators, but that creator makes your ad campaign 40% more effective, that's a great trade. You should do that every time. And I see that come up again and again. And Meta have a really simple free tool that you can use to make finding creators to work with, contacting them really easy. So, if I jump back into my example ad account, I'm in campaigns. If I go ahead and click on all tools, and I can come down here to the Creator Marketplace. And then from within here, I can easily find creators to work with. Meta even gives recommendations around the creators most relevant for you. I've created a whole video around the Creator Marketplace, how it works, how to go through it properly. You can find that on my channel, and go ahead and check that out. I just wanted to quickly show you how easy this process can be. Strategy number five is to use the creative testing tool. A lot of advertisers have run into issues post-Andromeda when it comes to testing new ad creative. I've already talked about wanting a lot more ad creative, so we want to test to find out what's working, what's not. A lot of advertisers are running into problems where they upload new ad creative, add that into an existing ad set, and it just gets no ad spend whatsoever, and it feels pointless, like a complete waste of time. The existing best performers just continue to get all the ad spend. So, I've seen advertisers do all sorts of things with like separate campaigns and testing setups. It can get very complicated very quickly. You can end up with fragmented data, not the way to go. Much better to use the creative testing tool. So, let's go back into my example ad account. I don't have any campaigns in here, so let's just quickly create an example campaign. Let's go with a sales campaign. And I'm just going to jump straight to the ad level, which is where you will find the creative testing tool. Then I'm going to scroll down, and it's just here beneath where you add in your ad creative. And if I click on here, I can click on setup test, and you can test two to five different ads simultaneously. You can tell Meta how much of your budget you want to spend on this test, how long you want this test to run, and then what do you want to compare performance? I would absolutely recommend changing from, say, cost per post engagement to something like cost per lead or cost per purchase, or whatever it is that you're actually optimizing for in the campaign. That might mean you need to add in extra time, extra budget to make it work, etc. Click confirm, and then what you do is this will produce five different test ads. You go into each one of those ads, and you add in the different ad creative, and this will do a proper test. Meta will segment out your audience into five different chunks, and make sure they don't overlap so you can properly test to see ad creative A, how does it perform against ad creative B? If you're producing new ad creative and adding them to your campaigns, your existing campaigns, your existing ad set, you can use this to make sure they actually get spend and you find out if they're working or not or whether you just completely wasted your time and potentially money on on getting those things created. So yeah, big fan of the creative testing tool. Not many advertisers know about it, even fewer use it, but I certainly recommend it. Strategy number six is to not use a separate retargeting campaign or even a separate retargeting ad set. Instead, we like to combine the two and run a hybrid so your ads are being delivered to a combination of warm and cold audiences. Why do we do that? Because no matter how you set up your targeting, it is very likely that Meta is going to target a mixture of cold and warm audiences anyway. I talked in a previous point about defining your audience segment and one of the reasons is so that you can go down into the breakdown information and you can break down your results but also your spend by new audience, engaged audience, and existing customers. When you do that in an ad set that is set up to be a retargeting ad set and then you compare the results to an ad set that is set up to be a cold audience ad set, often you will find that the split in terms of spend between new audience, engaged audience, and existing customers is exactly the same. And why does Meta do this? Because most of your targeting inputs are suggestions. When you set up an ad set to be a warm audience ad set, you add in your warm audiences, your custom audiences as targeting, but you do so as a suggestion in the suggested audience section as opposed to within the controls within the hard targeting constraints. So Meta has the flexibility to target other people. If you're targeting more open, more cold audiences, Meta is absolutely going to find your warm audiences. Those are the people that are most likely to engage with your ads. Those are the people that Meta will quickly identify as most likely to purchase, become a lead, whatever it is you're optimizing for, and that is going to put ads in front of them. So, if the two different campaigns or two different ad sets, one one one cold, are going to be the same from a distribution standpoint anyway, you might as well combine them so that you don't have fragmented data. We consolidate that data. One ad campaign producing 50 conversions a week is much better than two ad campaigns producing 25 conversions a week because getting out of the learning phase, you're not being caught in learning limited, Meta has more data to optimize, you have more data as the advertiser to be able to assess things and make optimization decisions. So, we rarely have separate retargeting campaigns. Now, there are circumstances where we do. I've got another video going into more detail on this that you can check out on my channel, but by default, we're not going to retarget separately. Quick one before we continue. If you're running Meta ads and you'd like me to take a look at your actual ad account and tell you what I would change, test, or scale, I've built something called the Ben Heath Inner Circle. Inside, you get direct access to me for less than $60 per live session, where you can join, ask me questions, and even share your ad account for live feedback. And these sessions are scheduled across multiple time zones, so you can join from wherever you are in the world. So, if you're dealing with performance dropping, creatives not working, or you're unsure how to scale, you can bring it to a live session and we'll go through it together. If you want to check it out, there's a link in the video description. Let's get back to the video. Strategy number seven is to focus your initial acquisition on free {slash} inexpensive products or services, or go to the other end of the spectrum and go high price point, premium luxury, high ticket, high touch sales process. I think the mid-range is often the hardest, particularly to scale. It's where most of your competitors are, so it's difficult differentiate just for starters. But, if you just think about the economics of it, if you're offering something free or inexpensive, you want that to be as cheap and as operationally efficient for your business as possible, something that you can give away. It's just not going to be very difficult for you to deliver on that. Or you want to go to the other extreme where you can have all the bells and whistles and all the high touch points in the sales calls and the proposal documents and the follow-up processes. Because when you actually do get a customer, you cover the cost of all that. In the mid-range, you're often high enough price where people want a bit more than something just easy automated, but you don't really make enough money from them to be able to justify an elongated sales process or you know, something really complex. So, the more I've seen businesses that are outliers that really succeed with their meta ads, the more they tend to fall into one end or the other. Like free or really really inexpensive and easy for them to deliver on in the first place what you might call a tripwire. Or, you know, let's do it all. Let's go with the absolute top end of the market. I'll work with just a handful of clients customers. They'll be incredibly valuable. Our return on ad spend on those leads would be unbelievable. Yeah, that seems to be a better approach to go with. And strategy number eight is to embrace WhatsApp and use it as part of your meta marketing funnels. Now, this is going to be location dependent to some extent. In the US, for example, people use WhatsApp a lot less than just about everywhere else in the world. But if your target audience is on WhatsApp regularly, then definitely experiment with a WhatsApp-based sales funnel. I've seen a lot of businesses having success with replacing their traditional processes with a WhatsApp-based funnel instead. So, let's say previously people would click, go through to landing page, book in a call or inquire. They'd then get contacted by the company to arrange a call. A lot of friction, slow process. How much easier is it for your prospect to just click on an ad, go straight into WhatsApp, send a few messages, and those initial messages are all automated, and people are filtered depending on you know, you can find out whether they actually are a qualified lead or not. From then on, you can then progress them to actually communicating with a person. And I think that a lot of prospects prefer that. They're like, "Well, why would I want to book a sales call for 3 days time and then I have to sit on the call and have them pitch me the thing, and then I've got to get the document afterwards, and then I follow up. It's slow, and it's cumbersome, and it's friction, and people are busy. Whereas on WhatsApp, it's like I could just send a few messages back and forth really quickly, find out whether or not I like this product or service, and then go ahead and make a purchasing decision. It also has the advantage that's often quite a bit cheaper for the business to operate than a traditional say lead sales call funnel structure. In a market like the UK at the moment, you're going to have more success if you're high ticket with this type of thing with WhatsApp as opposed to low ticket, but that doesn't apply worldwide. If you're in India, Brazil, for example, you can sell anything on WhatsApp, low ticket included. So, I would predict that in the next 5 to 10 years, WhatsApp's going to make real inroads into the US market as well, and then this will apply there, too. In the meantime, for everyone else or people who are advertising to people in in other locations, uh definitely something to experiment with. And if you want to know more about how to advertise using WhatsApp, you can check out this video here. In it, I walk through the entire process of creating a click-to-WhatsApp campaign. I also show you some of the other things that you could do as a marketer, things like marketing messages on WhatsApp. Yes, you can send messages to people that have interacted with WhatsApp, which is incredibly powerful in certain circumstances, of course. So, if you haven't already, go ahead and check this out.

  Top Comments:
  1. @gabbeat [2 likes]: When you talk about separating cold and warm audiences, you mentioned it’s normally used as a suggestion in the ad campaigns. But there is still the option of using the old feature and making it a hard restriction for audience (ex. only retargeting) instead of a suggestion.
Knowing that would you still wouldnt split audiences?
Then, how do you control budget allocation to warm vs cold ?
  2. @BenHeath [1 likes]: Get personal Meta Ads feedback from me (live) for less than $60 per session:
👉 https://www.skool.com/benheath/about
Let my agency run your Meta ads for you:
👉 https://heathmedia.co.uk/done-for-you/
  3. @thiemebr: How much in average a small business should invest in FB ads per day?
  4. @hskinnershepherd: it'd be great if you could list in the description or tag in this video all of the videos you mention. not all of your video titles are intuitive to what you're recommending to check out. it makes it difficult to search your channel and find the video you are referencing.
  5. @mel12ab: Does the creative testing tool, only work for standard events and not custom events?
  6. @IntheRealLife: Ad gurus always talk like meta is so smart but I have found if you don't tell it what to do it puts your ads in front of an audience MOST UNLIKLEY to actually purchase. For example, I am a remotely attractive woman and my target audience is other women. Men will engage with my videos because well.... men engage with any video of a remotely attractive women, doesn't matter what you are talking about. So what does meta do if i don't completely limit them? They push my ads to men when my product is for women. Same thing happens if you leave the location open, they will show your ads in Nigeria which is useless to my particular product. What am I missing understanding? Why does every Facebook ad tutorial I watch tell me to let meta figure it out when they are obviously terrible at picking the right audience early enough on to be useful. I don't want to burn through ad budget while they slowly figure out my product is not for men and not priced for Nigeria. If I don't completely restrict them they send my ads to the exact wrong people every time.
  7. @chordkeys: Help. How many assets should I use for flexible ads?
  8. @lemonroti1991: This video breaks down eight key strategies for scaling Meta Ads in 2026. Here is an overview of the sections covered:

Strategy 1: Use Value Rules (0:20 - 2:13): Explains how to influence Meta's targeting by assigning higher value to specific customer segments without hard constraints.
Strategy 2: Define Audience Segments (2:13 - 3:40): The importance of classifying audiences into new, engaged, and existing customer groups to optimize budget allocation.
Strategy 3: Produce More Ad Creative (3:40 - 7:18): Discusses the shift toward creative diversity, aiming for up to 20 variations per ad set to combat ad fatigue.
Strategy 4: Use Partnership Ads (7:18 - 9:59): How to leverage influencer and creator collaborations to improve hook rates and brand trust.
Strategy 5: Use the Creative Testing Tool (9:59 - 11:59): A guide to using Meta's built-in testing tools to ensure new creative gets adequate spend and performance data.
Strategy 6: Consolidate Retargeting (11:59 - 14:48): Why it is generally more effective to combine cold and warm audiences into a single campaign rather than separating them.
Strategy 7: Focus on Price Point Strategy (14:48 - 16:20): Recommends focusing on either very low-cost "tripwire" offers or high-ticket premium services, avoiding the difficult mid-range.
Strategy 8: Embrace WhatsApp Funnels (16:20 - 18:30): How to use WhatsApp to reduce friction in the sales process and build more direct connections with prospects.
  9. @vinedresserlawnandlandscape: For a service business. Would you suggest that we test ads with ABO and, when they scale, put them in an evergreen CBO campaign? Or just run CBO campaigns with one ad set?
  10. @giullianaarias.: super valuable
  11. @johnnydulong-SellHfxRealEstate: I just asked ChatGPT if it could create Ad Creatives for me and it can.  I have not tested this but if it works, big savings.
  12. @condosbysarah: how to disable message template on leads campaign?
  13. @JarnoZhou-q6i: Just curious if it's necessary to do the creative AB testing?
  14. @Haifahusayn: Which tool u were talking about ?
  15. @topchessmoments: For a £200 per day budget, would you split out UK and US audiences?
  16. @Mia_archerron: Great video, Ben, thank you so much! Question: The value rules (the first tip you talk about in the video) is not great to do with a micro budget (20$) per day, correct?
  17. @icegangwatch: My product category is watches, so I'll be using a 1-1-N ad structure. With a daily budget of $100, should my ad creatives use different colors of the same watch, or can I mix and match different styles?
  18. @costo8779: Yo bro hru i’m a beginner is it better to go with videos or static ads?
  19. @tuckertheremedy: Hi Ben, would you recommend separating Catalog ads into their own campaign, since they tend to cannibalize spend when combined into the same campaign as manually created ads?
  20. @crescitaly: The 20 creatives per adset tip is the unlock nobody talks about. Went from 6 to 22 creatives after Andromeda and CPA dropped 43% in 3 weeks. Also pairing partnership ads with Crescitaly-boosted organic seed posts from the same creator before going paid - it warms the pixel and we see 2x better hook rates right out the gate. WhatsApp funnel tip also gold for our Brazil market.

- Cách áp dụng đơn giản công Thức Chạy Quảng Cáo Facebook Ads Win 2026 | Qn92: Kind: captions Language: en During the advertising campaign, do you want to reach new customers or re-engage existing viewers? I spend money, I invest in reaching out to new people so that I'm always selling, because what's the point of reaching out to old customers who don't buy, don't like buying, or even just ignore me? It is precisely because of this mindset that, during the optimization process, we should always remember to optimize our advertising system to find new customers, not to re-distribute to old customers. Many advertising campaigns are running today, but they are actually redistributing people who were already exposed to your ads on previous days. Even re-reach out to those who distributed in previous months. For those who have messaged but haven't made a purchase, we can spam them with reminder messages or something like, "Hey, we're having a clearance sale today, we're giving away these gifts!" Just spamming them with messages is enough to close the deal; there's no need to run expensive ads. Hello everyone. This will be the formula for running ads with the highest win rate, the simplest one that most of you can apply, and it also includes techniques that are especially useful for those who have just started their business (around 2-3 months ago) and want to run successful campaigns. You can follow this process closely . And please note that all the information and knowledge shared by qu92 will be based 100% on the information from our platform . It's not like I'm making things up or guessing who my whole family is. So, the above regulations will be divided into five categories, from preparation to technical setup, testing phase, and the phase where we scale the budget and factors that can support us in running ads to increase sales. And for most of you who are new to running, you need to define your goals . This objective sounds a bit complicated in theory, considering the product we're offering. For example, with the glasses you're wearing, who is your target audience/buyer? You need to be specific, not just generalize like " anyone can buy these glasses now ." This is utter nonsense . Because nowadays, young people like me prefer a different style of glasses . But for someone who calls themselves students, the style of glasses would be different. And for those guys who are 40 years old or older, those guys and guys who are 40 years old or older, the style of glasses and the frames will be different. That's why we need to define the goals we want to achieve. Once we've identified the appropriate type of content to target, we'll have a suitable approach. Because each person has different habits, their needs will also be different. From there, we can design content that is more relevant and has a higher success rate in serving that specific audience. And that's why step one is content preparation. Because many people now just post a picture, or an article, or use a video from somewhere, or film a model and keep saying things like, "Oh, my glasses are great, my glasses are okay, the product is very durable," but it's too generic and doesn't suit anyone. This leads to low sales rates, and later on, we won't be able to increase our budget with such random , indiscriminate advertising. That's why we all need to determine which customer segment I want to focus on the most. For that particular customer, we'll create content tailored to their specific needs, depending on the type of message and format they prefer. For those of you who don't know how to create content that suits your target audience, here's a simple tip: first, identify your target customers. Then we go looking for competitors, for example, mid-aged eyewear. If our competitor specializes in selling eyewear to middle-aged people, we can copy their content and use it in our campaigns. In the case of you, especially those of you who aren't professional content creators, many people, when they see your shared messages, realize you've copied content and they don't like it. But I have to be honest, this is a common situation for my students, especially like Ms. Hoang's situation. She was selling products and doing very well, but her winning products and winning content had just been launched, and on the fourth day, a competitor copied her content and ran it exactly the same way, pushing her out of the market before we even got to help her. Honestly, that's just how the market and business are . We don't even need to copy their videos exactly. That means we download the video and then we run it easily. All we need to do is take the message and the format that others use to create content, and then produce similar content in the same way as our competitors. That's all we need to do. This saves my siblings so much time, effort, and money. Not to mention, we don't know if the content we're producing is good or not, since we're just generating it randomly. But if other competitors have already done well and sold successfully with that type of content, then we can just produce something similar, which will save us more time. In business, there's no distinction between scoundrels and gentlemen; there are only two categories: winners and losers. Therefore, this is also a solution that you can apply. Later on, we'll have a stronger brand, a stronger personal brand, a brand that's like a team, at least we'll have a brand on our channel. So, imagine that once we have a brand, we can produce according to any method, form, or formula we want . For example, if someone outside of my company sells used laptops, their only job is to record the entire sales process and then process the order. But it sells really well. It's normal for siblings to start getting acquainted with the world of content creation. Then we'll have lots of great content ideas to use for advertising. We'll think about that later, but for now, we have to focus on the present moment, so we'll survive by adapting our opponent's strategy. And in case you don't know who your competitors are, please search for the keyword " Facebook ad library" here. Above, it will have complete information about competitors, industries, and products; it has everything. You just need to select something. For example, if you search for " eyeglasses," it will show you the story of why we should search for good, winning content that others have already used. Why do we have to do that? Once we've figured out that the competitor is doing well with this content and scoring well, then after we run the ads and optimize them, if we accidentally generate spam or the results are poor, then we can easily find a solution. Since the content is good, and it's selling well, there 's no reason to believe the problem lies with the content itself. Let's focus our minds on finding other gaps so we can fix them. That's why, in this content creation phase, whatever I do, I have to be meticulous about it. So, I'm sharing with you all that to make the content better, we should follow the content we've already prepared. That way, we won't have to worry about the content being poor or bad, and we can focus on solving other problems. Let 's imagine this together, siblings. So this is the story about the elements involved in content creation . And in terms of content in this 2026 period, the platform is undergoing a lot of policy reviews. There are many people who have been creating great content since last year, 2024, and their content is still great even now in 2026. But for many reasons, that content was completely removed from our feed. The video lost its sound and couldn't be used for advertising. I advised that we should produce and purchase more content once a quarter as a precaution, but my brother was overconfident, thinking that since the content was already good and running well, there was no need to prepare or produce more content. He just used that content to run ads. However, recently, in February 2026, the platform scanned all videos using copyrighted audio and music, removing them entirely. As a result, it's no longer possible to reuse that old content . Therefore, when we use content, we need to pay attention to complying with the policies. And if we don't know what Facebook's policy is, we can just search for it . This is the accurate information about this platform, Meta's advertising standards, and an introduction to Meta's advertising standards; it all includes this information. Everyone can click here to see the knowledge and standards of the foundation so we can make informed decisions. Because if we create content that adheres to the policy guidelines, Facebook won't restrict our engagement . And this is what contributes to a very, very high content win rate. People say "content king" is accurate, but we only need to create content that's about the size of two kings. Two good pieces of content should be enough. We don't necessarily need to produce content all the time. Here's a demo to show you all . Let's go back to the car advertisement library and help me out a bit. Can you all see what date the ads started being run here? From April 1st, 2024 to April 10th, 2026, is that two years or more? People have been using the same content for over two years and it's still running. Is it delicious? So, the content element doesn't always need to be replaced . If the whole team focuses on creating about two or three high-quality pieces of content, we can easily run it for several years in a row. That's why I mentioned earlier that my older brother runs content creation on this machine, and he's the main person in charge, but I still remind him that he needs to add more work occasionally. Because this prevention system is currently scanning at any time. Sometimes, that music might not be subject to copyright restrictions right now, but about six months later, copyright holders might take away your valuable content, and then you'll regret it. That's why we need to be prepared. This is the first element regarding story preparation. So here I have a thought to share with you all regarding optimizing advertising campaigns. This is for those who have been running for about 2-3 months up to about 5 months, not for those who have been running for a very long time. Most of the viewers on the Win92 channel already have a certain level of knowledge and experience in running ads; they're not complete beginners. Therefore, the content I produce for the channel will be tailored to each user individually. There. Do you guys agree that defining goals is important ? Because when I make videos like this to share, I also have to identify who my audience is. That's how I can create accurate content. For those of you who have been running your business for 5 or 6 months or less, you need to identify who your target audience is. We're not testing the content here anymore . The rule is to check if that content is a winner. Win, we can set the camera to 113 so we can check. But I'm not addressing that issue here. Because now, following my suggestion, we should break down a competitor's winning content, and that will be easy for us. The content has already won. If you've already won, why test it again? It costs money and time, right? So, let's go back to the technical aspects of scamming here; it will complement the first part above, which is about preparing the content. Therefore, for the scam technique described above, we will create a structure for you called 131. What is 131? So we'll have one campaign, three ad groups, and we'll be using the same ad copy that we've defined here, that we've created here. Is that okay? Let's be logical, siblings. And when we use the 131 advertising campaign, please use the ad group budget for me. For those of you running personal ad accounts—accounts created using your own Facebook account and not business accounts—please refer to this as a campaign budget or camping budget. For those of you who are just starting out ( as you've probably seen the content shared on our second team's YouTube channel), I recommend that if you want to run long-term ads for the health sector, you should use a Business Ads (BM) account. If you don't have the resources here ( just a little R), you can message us directly on this fan page. We'll advise you on what BM is and provide clear information so you can easily understand. Regarding running ads, if you want a long-term, sustainable campaign, I recommend using a Business Ads (BM) account. With a BM account, you can set up ad groups, and we can set up ad groups in group 1. This allows for broad targeting, similar to targeting specific age groups and locations, such as store hours. My business is a dental clinic, and for group number one, I'll only be running campaigns in the Hanoi area. I'm targeting an age range from 25 to around 50 years old, for example. I'm only targeting age, gender, and location; I'm not targeting any specific behavior. Then, for the second group, I will check the target audience based on the customers I want to reach. For example, in dentistry, I usually target cosmetic dentistry and other health-related services . Okay. So, whatever you guys sell here, you can target that price for me, it's all fine. That's normal. There's no need to worry that targeting like this will be expensive. We're currently in the stage where we set up the camera and test the object . So here, whatever you want, just target it. Since our target customers are students, the target audience should be students. Since we're selling to pregnant women, targeting pregnant women is just normal . That's the target for normal children; what kind of target are you selling? Give me the target you gave me here. And for group number three, if possible, you guys can target a different file, or for those of you who have worked at KBM, we'll definitely have that file. Then we can create a list of people who have previously interacted with the fan page. Next, we proceed to create the Aline file so that we can run it. This will be much, much better, my friends. Especially in the initial stages of an advertising system, using a lookaline will educate a little faster. But the clear condition is that the lookalike file must be genuine and have customers. If you just pick a random file or a file with low-quality interaction, it will be meaningless when you post it later . Alternatively, if we don't have siblings, we can just target group A directly. Group three would target group B. We can separate the two target groups. That's fine too. Let's examine the object. After the first phase began, it started operating. The operational phase is the first phase. You can read through the information about the platform. This is the platform's announcement regarding the introduction of the machine learning phase. Machine learning is just like our siblings. We are human beings, and we need to learn too, right? Humans need to learn, and machines need to learn even more. The more they learn, the better they understand the customer profile, and the more effectively they can distribute products . This is where it says this. The distribution system will discover the best way to distribute your ad group so that it reaches the people most likely to buy your product or service. This is the stage of machine learning, and I'll explain it to you in a way that's easy to understand . The above has a condition that I will mention later, and we will discuss how to handle it. Then let's go back to this story with the first phase . Phase one is when the game is running, customers are starting to interact, and then we move on to phase two. So what would we look like in the second optimization phase? Please quickly create a file for me containing the people who interacted with your advertisement . Because the file will be created during the initial stages of processing orders and gathering information . At that time, most of those people interacting were interested because we were making sales and generating orders, which was very beneficial for the advertising system. We proceed to create the aline file. Once the file is created, we lock the line at approximately 3%. Our usual rates are 3% and 6%. Why is it 3 and why is it 6? 3 represents wealth and money, and 6 represents purification. That's all. Typically, we create commissions of 3% and 6%. Another factor is that with a 3% increase, the scale of the ad campaign will be larger, and running ads will be cheaper. If we create a file that only contains 1% of the data, then running it on a small scale will be expensive. Therefore, we will try to create a score of around 3-6% for her, the better. In addition, during the process, we will exclude people who have already purchased or those who have interacted but have not yet made a purchase. That's the story of the shrimp. And obviously, we need to come to a consensus among ourselves as well. During the advertising campaign, do you want to reach new customers or re-engage existing viewers? There are two points of thinking here that I need to clarify. Because with advertising campaigns, I spend money, I invest money to reach new people so that I'm always selling. What's the point of reaching out to old customers who don't buy, don't like buying, or even just ignore you ? It is precisely because of this mindset that, during the optimization process, we should always remember to optimize our advertising system today, but they are actually redistributing people who were already exposed to your ads on previous days . Even reach out to those who distributed in previous months. For those who have messaged but haven't made a purchase, we can spam them with reminder messages or something like, "Hey, we're having a clearance sale today, we're giving away these gifts!" Just spamming them with messages is enough to close the deal; there's no need to run expensive ads. So, this is the testing and optimization phase. I need to be a little more specific about the technical aspects so that everyone can understand. In the case of you guys testing ads, if it's expensive, just accept it. If it's expensive and spam, turn it off and then turn it back on. Don't try to force it or push it. And I have a piece of advice for you guys: in business, profit is everything. Don't let yourselves fall into the situation where you feel bad if you give up but you feel guilty if you hold on. Many of you who run ads with me are like that, saying, "Oh my god, it was great a few days ago, but now it's incredibly expensive, it's just spam, so I turn it off." We need to reconsider the whole thing. The fundamental reason is that your advertising system hasn't accurately defined and targeted the right customers for stable distribution. That's why the prices fluctuate, sometimes expensive, sometimes cheap. And that's why I strongly advise many of you to reread the platform's documentation on the machine learning phase so that we can understand it. And it's all here , just click on this text, and you'll find all the mechanisms, policies, and how we can optimize things. It's better to learn beforehand, know beforehand, and operate correctly beforehand than to lose money, not to mention exhausting your capital and losing your business potential. And in the case of advertising systems, advertising campaigns, or groups mentioned above, if they're cheap, please keep them for me so we can monitor them, and don't let my wife increase the cost. Why is that? These are the points that are making a comeback for machine learning. This is the amount of money spent on advertising. When we intervene in the process of increasing advertising spending, it forces advertising to enter the machine learning phase. This means it will have to be redistributed. Therefore, if the camera is stable, it's better to monitor it first rather than increasing the budget, which could disrupt its machine learning process. Okay, see you later. So, this is the experience we'll gain when dealing with situations where the testing fails or fails, and we need to know what the next step is. Next, we'll move on to the stage of writing down the money. So what exactly is the writing phase? What is the scaling phase of a book? One of the minimum requirements is that the purchases must be genuine from our siblings. Here, I'm putting the number of purchases. And if we're running a messaging campaign, then we'll measure the message delivery. When we run lead generation campaigns, sometimes we end up with actual leads. But do you see the goal here, everyone? 50 results. So, if you use the number of purchases as a criterion, it would have to be 50 purchases within the week. That's my criterion in the operational process. So we need a winning advertisement. What are the minimum criteria for a winning advertisement ? It has to be profitable. But if that ad wins, if it generates a lot of messages but doesn't sell anything, it's meaningless. Therefore, please note that the minimum requirement for an advertisement to win is that it must generate a profit. Secondly, I need to have 50 actual purchases in a week. Additionally, the download manager is allowing us to change a section, which is the advertising experience point . The Ad Experience Score is the box that rates the quality of the page on your ad account. We can look inside to see how strong our advertising account is . Currently, it provides a lot of AI data during the advertising campaign. The whole family can apply that. Below is the method for increasing revenue once we have an advertising system that meets the requirements of this learning phase: how do we increase it? The old way was that we would increase the amount directly in the camp. An increase from 500,000 to 1 million, or from 200 to 500, is normal. And the platform here also has this written on it. The fact that we increased the book's weight from $100 to $101 is unlikely to cause the ad team to enter the machine learning phase again. But the fact that our numbers increased from 100 to 1000 could also mean they used terms from hot and cold years. For example, increasing the price by $1 doesn't cause any problems; it's better to drop it—to put it bluntly. But here, the word used is "difficult," which could leave you confused. There. So, to resolve this ambiguity, I need to clarify for everyone that if we satisfy the machine learning phase, then we can increase whatever we want. There's no need to worry, just increase the price freely because our advertising system already understands the customer base, knows who is interested, and knows who is likely to buy among those interested users. The system already has enough intelligent data, so we can increase the price however we want, even directly, so there's nothing to worry about. Then, if you're worried that a campaign is running well and you're hesitant to directly increase funding for fear of redistribution errors or becoming obsolete, you can consider launching a completely new campaign and setting your desired budget accordingly. And that 's the only solution for those of you who are working somewhere for 4 to 5 months; you'll need to apply this solution. And below are some factors that will help you succeed more in the process of doing business online. That means we need to have a sales closing process that delivers a high conversion rate. Let me give you an example: if I wanted to buy a pair of glasses like these to help with blue light exposure. My initial thought was that I could just buy a pair of frames for around 800,000 VND from a reputable brand and that would be fine. And with this implant, the implant inside which is from Japan, it's pretty good . But if you meet a good consultant, someone with good consulting skills, like a sibling for example, then that consultant can absolutely convince you to buy this German-made lens for 1,650,000 VND, and that's perfectly normal. And the point is, consumers are now willing to spend more money than they initially planned if they are properly persuaded. That's why this sales performance improvement process is extremely important. That's why, when we're having a conversation and not advertising, I'm advertising, and we also need to understand these issues. And on our side, during the training process for our team members on running ads, especially those who are taking the training course, I focus quite a bit not only on the accuracy and completeness of the machine learning phase, but also on guiding them on how to exchange messages with customers. Firstly, we need data to help us target customers who might not buy even if they just message us. It's perfectly normal to text to buy tomorrow, text to buy next week, text to buy next month, or text to buy next year. Some products are like that. We have to remind many of our colleagues that we need to design a customer care system that increases sales, gathers customer information, understands customer characteristics, discusses their pain points, and can advise them on what they need to increase conversion rates and even lead to higher-value product purchases . That's the same thing. So, the above is a sharing from fellow member 192 for those of you who need a formula to apply to running winning ads at a simple, optimized, and effective level . Additionally, during the advertising implementation process, if you have any feedback regarding the beta platform's frequent changes or excessive clutter, please leave your comments below. In addition, please share any product information you are currently experiencing that is causing difficulties or problems in any particular area. Feel free to leave your comments and suggestions below. Additionally, there's a community of the 92 team; you can scan the QR code at the end of the video to find information about the team's support during the advertising campaign. You can apply this information to your own campaign. Hello everyone! Remember to give the channel a like and subscribe to give it more motivation to share more with you all. And when knowledge like this is shared, the whole family will immediately receive a notification and can check for updates. Okay, hello everyone. We are constantly searching for answers on how to optimize advertising campaigns and save on advertising costs. But we've almost completely overlooked the simplest way of thinking . Essentially, like Duong herself and many of the other brothers and sisters sitting here, we are all human beings. We go through a process of growing up, learning, and developing. And it's clear that how we understand it will determine how we operate . So, have you ever asked yourself whether your accounts, fan pages, and all your advertising campaigns truly understand your potential customers ? Have you correctly identified the people who are capable of selling and generating profit for you? If your advertising system doesn't understand your customers, doesn't grasp their customer profile, or perhaps you're guiding them incorrectly, then it's likely you're doing it wrong. This leads to a situation where misunderstandings lead to mistakes, causing our advertising costs to keep increasing, becoming more and more expensive, creating more and more problems, and ultimately causing confusion for everyone involved. Here, Duong has packaged 6 to 8 years of experience in the business world into detailed processes to become a long-term and stable partner for you all, so that we can all grow together in a win -win situation. My siblings and I are growing, and my team is growing too. Therefore, you can learn about the process that our team can hand over to you during the optimal operation of advertising on beef pho restaurants . You can scan the QR code on the screen to learn more and join our team in the advertising operation process . Hello everyone, this is Duong, from the 92 regulation team. It's a pleasure to meet you all in this step-by-step process of optimizing advertising operations to create a sustainable development process. To develop, stability is key, so I hope you all will focus on stability.

  Top Comments:
  1. @ThangNguyen-nf8ey [1 likes]: Dạ em chào anh. Em có đang chạy BDS giá rẻ ( mục tiêu kiếm khách hoàn toàn mới) anh có thể chỉ em ko ạ. Em sẽ trả công cho anh ạ
  2. @vinhtran9247 [1 likes]: vậy giai đoạn 2 là set camp cấu trúc 1-1-1 hả shop ?
  3. @easydance123 [1 likes]: Với hàng giá trị thấp có thể ra 50 đơn/tuần. Nhưng với sản phẩm giá trị cao, 50đơn/tuần sẽ rất khó khả thi. Trường hợp này thì làm thế nào ạ
  4. @HoangVuTrinhDuy [1 likes]: muốn cho khách hàng tiềm năng chưa mua thấy nhiều video của mình( ko chạy mes) thì nên chạy tương tác hay chạy lượt xem vậy ạ
  5. @ĐứcCườngĐỗ-v8d: CÔNG NHẬN, Mình chạy tuyển dụng sale bds, ra rác không chịu đc
  6. @leotranland: Làm sao để xác định content nào win vậy e
  7. @NewtimeFitness: Anh ơi em xin phép hỏi chút ạ. Em làm mảng gym fitness võ thuật. Anh cho em lời khuyên là chạy với ngân sách bao nhiêu 1 nhóm quảng cáo và hạn chế tin nhắn rác không ạ. Em cảm ơn anh và chúc công ty mình luôn phát triển ạ
  8. @vinhta95-35nb: mình cũng đang chạy hiện tại rất nhiều rác không biết sao loại trừ đi được bạn có thể lên chiến dịch Chạy BĐS ko
  9. @Vlogcomgaphuong: Minh can ban hô tro mot do vân de

- The BEST Facebook Ad Campaign Structure for 2026: Kind: captions Language: en Facebook ads have changed so much over the past 6 to 12 months that have completely changed my recommended Facebook ad campaign structure. Right now, there's a very good chance that you are using an old campaign structure and that it's hurting your results. So, in this video, I'm going to show you my new and updated campaign structure for Facebook ads and Instagram ads. So, one of the biggest changes when we're looking at my new recommended campaign structure in comparison to what we used to recommend is that we now rarely separate out cold and warm audiences. Warm audiences being people that have interacted with your business before. could be website visitors, people on your email list, people who have watched a video of yours on Facebook or Instagram, lots of different types of of warm audiences. And we used to separate those out and we would uh be very specific with the messaging and the budget that we'd allocate to each. And we'd see, okay, we're getting this return on ad spend from our warm audiences versus this return on ad spend from our cold audiences. We rarely do that anymore because of the way that Meta's targeting systems have changed. Um, so just quickly demonstrate what I'm talking about, I'm in an example ad account here. I've created a quick example sales campaign. And if we just jump to the adset level of this, uh, click edit and then go down to the targeting section, we've got controls and we've got suggest an audience being the two main parts of of targeting now. And in the suggestion audience section, if we go ahead and click show settings, we can see custom audiences in here. If I click on this, custom audiences are your warm audiences. Those are the audiences that contain people that have interacted with your business before. So in custom audiences is where you set up things like website, email list, people who follow you on Instagram, etc., etc., Right now, if for example within this ads sets we say I want to target my website visitors. You can come in here and I can it's an example ad account. So I've got all these set up websites visitors 180. Right? You might think okay this adset is now only going to advertise to people that are within that audience that have visited my website in this case within the last 180 days. That is not true. This is within the suggest an audience section. So meta will reach people within this audience. They'll put ads in front of people, but they will also go beyond that to reach other people that Meta believes are going to, in this case, generate a sale because that's what this campaign is set up for. Basically, Meta is going to go beyond your targeting criteria um so that they can help you achieve the objective you've told Meta that you want. Now, because the the custom audience, the warm audience part is within this suggested audience section, if we tried to have say a warm audience adset and a cold audience ads set or a warm audience campaign and a cold audience campaign, there's going to be an enormous amount of overlap because within the cold audience, Meta is going to target your warm audience anyway. Within the warm cold audience anyway. Um, so it seems silly to have the two separate options when we're effectively targeting the same people when we could just consolidate that and benefit from it. I'll talk more about consolidation later on. And you can run experiments to see just how strong the impact of this change is in comparison to what we used to see. What you want to do is you want to go into your advertising settings which I've done here just got up on on another tab. If you just go ahead all tools you'll see advertising settings or you can get it from all tools and then once you come in here you go into audience segments and then what you want to do is make sure that you've got your engaged audience and your existing customers defined. to basically create those custom audiences and then say this is engaged audience, this is existing customers. And you do that within here. And you can see we've got a drop down. You can add in your your custom audiences to uh to both of these. And that basically lets Meta know okay these are people that are customers. These are people that are engaged audience that haven't yet uh made a purchase, haven't become become a customer. And then when you run your ad campaigns, you can see the breakdown of new audience, engaged audience and existing customers of where Meta is spending the money, your budget split, your frequency, etc., etc. Right? In fact, let me quickly show you what this looks like. Right? So, if we look at this ad set here, we can see the breakdown um in results. In this case, website purchase. Of the 93, we can see that nine came from engaged audience, 59 from existing customers. So, this is retargeting heavy. uh 20 from new audience and then we've got a few uncatategorized and unknown but that's not surprising because uh data is you rarely able to track with 100% accuracy. Um and what you will see that's that's really interesting and you run this experiment is that if you set up an adset to target warm audiences so you add in your custom audiences website visitors email list etc etc and then you run that alongside another adset that is set up to target cold audiences. If you look at the data between those two adsets, the split between the conversions and the impressions that come from engaged, existing, and new is often very consistent. As in, with the one adset that's set up for cold audiences, you get the same split as with the other adset set up for warm audiences. In other words, Meta's kind of not paying much attention to the fact that you are trying to advertise cold audience in this adset and warm audience in adset. They're just trying to go out and get you results. They're using your inputs and suggestions and doing their own thing. And that makes it silly to have separate adsets or separate campaigns for cold and warm audiences where Meta is going to target a mixture of the two anyway. Right? So, that's one of the big changes that we're now making is that there are still some rare circumstances where we will separate them out if we really want to change the messaging between different stages of a salesunnel, for example. But that's rare. By default, we're absolutely going to combine both cold and warm audiences into the same campaign and the same adset. So, the next thing we're trying to do with the new campaign structure is consolidate as much as possible. And that applies to both campaigns and adsets. We're going to try and run as few campaigns and as few adsets as possible. Often just using the one campaign and the one adset. I'll explain later on when we do and don't want to uh to do that. Why are we doing that? Well, it's best to combine the data into as few elements as possible. Let's say you generate 70 conversions in a week. Instead of having that spread across 10 different adsets, so seven conversions roughly per adset per week, Meta is going to struggle to optimize those adsets. Going to struggle to get out of the learning phase. Whereas, if that's in one adset, you're generating 70 conversions per week in that one adset. Meta is able to fully optimize. They're able to work out the best time of day to advertise, what ad impression frequency is required, advertise to this person instead of this person, use this ad instead of this ad. all the various points that Meta's system optimizes to get us more of what we want, more sales, more leads, whatever it is we've set up our campaign to optimize for, Meta can do that better with more conversion data. So much better to have that consolidated data into the one campaign, one adset as opposed to spread across lots of different elements that will struggle uh to optimize. Second reason why we want to consolidate is because we want to avoid auction overlap. Now, there's some misconceptions around overlap. A lot of people think I'm talking about audience overlap. When I say auction overlap, I'm not audience overlap would be you've got two different campaigns, two different adsets, and they're targeting a lot of the same audience. Now, that's not ideal, but the whole idea of that's going to increase the cost because you're bidding against yourself is a bit silly. There are thousands of advertisers trying to reach the same people. One extra campaign ad setting that not going to make much difference. But you can run into issues with auction overlap, which is a different thing. Meta systems are now very sophisticated at working out what ad impression frequency is required to get the outcome that you want. So Meta might work out, you know what, we're better off at generating four or five ad impressions for a single individual over a 24 48 hour time period as opposed to spreading out those ad impressions over a week. Well, Meta could plan that really well if it's just got the one campaign, one adset targeting a person, a group of people obviously, but we're talking about one individual user in this case, but targeting um a group of people. If you've got some ad impressions coming from one adset, some ad impressions coming from another adset or different campaigns, much more difficult for Meta to work out that delivery system of right, let's put an ad in front of this person four times over the next 48 hours. Much more difficult for them to be able to uh to do that. So, that's that's the issue that comes up with auction overlap. and you want to take advantage of what Meta's delivery system um is able to do. Okay. So, the next thing we've changed is that we very rarely now test different audiences at the adset or even the campaign level. And that has a lot to do with what we described previously when we're talking about separating out cold and warm audiences. For the same reason that we don't separate those out, meta is kind of going to ignore a lot of your suggestions. They're going to do their own thing when it comes to targeting anyway. is why we won't test different interest targeting options in different adsets or interest targeting versus lookalike versus open targeting. We used to do a lot of that sort of stuff. We don't do that anymore because all of that falls within the suggested audience section unless it's going to do its own thing. There is an exception and that's location-based targeting. We will often test different locations. Now, this would going to depend on the business. Um, so it might be that a business just advertises in one country, that's who they can serve and we're happy just to advertise to the entire country. We're not going to bother testing that. But if we have a business that's international and they want to be able to test between different markets, okay, we want to see how our campaigns perform in the US versus the UK versus Australia, etc., we'll have different campaigns for those. Or if it's a lo local b locally based business that has multiple locations. So, if it's a gym franchise, for example, you might want to test, right, we're going to advertise in this city versus this city versus this city for that that individual unit uh in the local area, people might be interested, and we're going to separate out performance. Now, it's not a coincidence, if I jump back into my example ad account, jump to the adset level, go back into targeting. It's not a coincidence that we will test different um targeting options when it comes to a location basis across different adsets, maybe different campaigns and the location targeting falls within the control section. Like that is not a coincidence. Basically, we are able to do that testing accurately on a location basis whereas we aren't with say different interests or interests versus lookalikes and stuff like that because the control section within targeting here those are hard boundaries. So, we're saying, look, in this adset, just advertise to this local area. In this adset, just advertise to this local area or doing so on a country level or a state level. Um, Meta is going to, for the most part, only advertise to people within that that location. They're not going to treat that as a suggestion and go beyond it where they think it'll help you get um your desired outcome. So, we will do it for location, very rarely for this other stuff, even though we used to do a lot of that. Another reason why we're able to consolidate and use fewer campaigns, fewer adsets, is because Meta can now handle a lot more ads within an adset. So, they used to have a recommendation of don't have five or six ads live in an adset at any one time. Uh the system was less sophisticated before and it would struggle to be able to test those properly and put them in front of people and work out how to do it. It was basically too many variables for the system. That has now changed with Andromeda. with some other updates. Meta is able to handle a lot more ad creative and different ads within um an adset. So the recommendation typically is 20 plus and we will often run adsets with 20 plus. So very different to how we used to have we used to have lots of different campaigns, lots of different adsets and limited number of ads within each adset. Now much fewer campaigns, much fewer adsets, often one campaign, one adset, but then a ton of ads within um that one adset set. In fact, Meta not only says they can handle that, but it's recommended because Meta now wants much more creative diversity. So, they want different ads within an ad set, they have different types of creative, different formats. You have a mixture of images and video, different video styles. You might have some UGC, you might have um some founder, some demonstration videos, some customer testimonial videos. And Meta is going to they want that so that they can test to see which works best. But they also are now able to personalize ad delivery a lot more. say we're to work out, you know, for this person, they seem to really respond to UGC style ads, so we're going to put more of those in front of them. This person seems to respond to product demonstration style ads. We're going to put the more of those in front of them. If they have the different ads and the different types of creative within the one ad set, Meta can start to do a better job of personalizing ad delivery and working out that it's not a one-sizefits-all. There are different people within your target audience and different people respond um to different um creative. So that's one of the big big shifts that have come from the change in the platform, the updated campaign structure is a lot more ads within an adset. I don't worry about an upper limit anymore. The constraining factor is usually how many good quality ads can be created. What are the resources available? And we will run those and look to introduce new ones over time as we test and learn from the data that we see. Within the new campaign structure, we've also changed how we test different ad copy variations. So, we used to have separate ads for different headlines would be one of the things that we test or different primary text. We're not going to have separate ads for those anymore. Instead, we're going to take advantage of the variation option. So, if I jump into the ad level and then scroll down to where we set up our ad copy, we can see that if we click into primary text, you can see we have one of five. So we can have up to five different primary text variations within this one ad. We can do the same for headlines. Click in there, you see one of five. And do the same for descriptions. So really, you want to think of separate ads as testing different ad creative or maybe not even just testing, but being able to have that different creative diversity. So have different types of ads like I just described. Uh when it comes to testing, I wonder which headline works best for this offer or this ad. You want to do that within the ad, not have separate ads for that. um and do so using these primary text headline description variations. This is a much cleaner, neater way to do your ad copy testing, which is still something that you want to do. Um as opposed to needing to have an enormous amount of ads cuz if you've got all this different ad creative and then let's say for each ad creative you needed three or four different ads to test different headline variations, you very quickly get into just silly numbers of ads and too difficult for you as the advertiser to be able to to monitor that and keep up with it. much better to do it within these text variations and have that copy testing done within an ad unit as opposed to separate ads. Hyro is the best tracking and attribution software for meta ads. It's a software all the big players in this industry use, including myself. I use it to track results for my own ads as well as all my organic results as well. So, if someone books a call for our done for you services, for example, I can see exactly where that person came from with a lot of accuracy. That allows me to make better decisions for my marketing and my business. Hyro has been able to track that from our ad spend in this campaign, we've generated £96,000, but £58,000 of that was not reported by Meta. So if I was just looking at my data within my meta ad account, I might come to the conclusion that this campaign is doing okay, but in reality, this campaign is doing a lot lot better. Now, this is a relatively extreme example because of the nature of our business. So most of our products, services have recurring billing elements. Meta might be able to see what we make initially from our ad spend on that initial transaction, but not those subsequent payments. That's why it it shows the importance here of being able to accurately see what we actually get from our ad spend in order to be able to make better decisions and optimize correctly. So, if you want to improve the performance of your ad campaigns without having to touch your ads, go ahead and sign up to Hyros. There is a link in the video description. One of the things we used to do with our old Facebook ad campaign structure, and I still see this come up when I take a look at at people's ad accounts often is to have uh different campaigns for different stages of the salesunnel. So, you might have had a top offunnel campaign, a middle ofunnel campaign, and a bottom of campaign. And different stages would have different ads. So, in the top of funnel, you might have uh like a founder story video that explains why the company was great in the first place. Middle of funnel might be more product demonstration. And then the bottom funnel might be a customer testimonial trying to get you to convert and people would go through the sequence. Now, we don't do that because of what we've already described in terms of meta targeting and a lot of it being suggestions and they're kind of going to show different ads to different people anyway. So, it's not as easy to neatly move people um through the system anymore. But that doesn't mean that we've completely thrown away the top of funnel, middle of funnel, bottom of funnel ideas because the logic is still there from a marketing standpoint of often you need to introduce people to an idea, but they won't be ready to convert straight away. You then need to warm them up with evidence of why it's great, why they should buy it, and then they have the extra call to action based ads and the and the customer testimonials and things that are going to really help them take action now, right? That still applies because that's something that warms up people. If you think about your relationship with another person, you start off not knowing them very well and it takes time and many interactions to get to the point where they become a really good friend or something for example. Okay. So we can still do that but we can actually do that within the one campaign and one ad set now. So we will create ads. I just mentioned we might have 20 plus ads in an ad set. We will create some ads thinking these are more likely to be top ofunnel ads. We will create some that more like to be middle of funnel and then some that are going to be bottom of funnel. So just like I talked about, you're kind of two birds, one stone situation here, right? You're adding a lot of creative diversity by doing this, but you're also allowing for that journey to take place because you could have those ads that are founderled, storybased, why we created the company in the first place. You could have those ads that are product demonstration. You could have those ads that are uh customer testimonial. Now there's variations on those depending on your business. Like I've used a product ecom example there, but you can absolutely find examples of that um for info or lead genen. There there are variations on a theme and meta is now sophisticated enough to work that out. So they will add sequence for you automatically. They will use some ads initially put in front of people first off then other ads in more of a retargeting capacity. And the way you can see if this is happening within your ad account because it happens in some ad accounts more than others. The ad accounts where this happens more are ones where the ask is larger. So if you're selling something that has a higher price point or you're selling a service that's more involved, people need more steps to get to the point where they're willing to inquire, buy, etc. If you're selling an inexpensive e-commerce product, it's going to be much more just directly buy it if you're interested. If not, fine. But what you'll often see in those businesses that that see this automatic ad sequencing taking place within the one ad set is that some ads will consistently have money spent on them, but they don't have many conversions. Looks like their cost per lead or cost per sale isn't very good. And you think, why is Meta doing this? It's because they're using that in a top offunnel capacity and then using other ads to retarget and get the conversion because you might have money being spent on that one. You look at the other ads, you're thinking, but this other ad is performing really well on a return on ad spend basis, cost per lead basis, etc. But why is it matter spending more money on that? Now, you don't want to make the mistake of turning off the ad that is being used in a topunnel capacity because then your other ad performance will massively worsen because it isn't benefiting from that other ad being used in a topunnel capacity. So, we still use that process, but instead of doing it in different campaigns, different adsets, we're going to consolidate that into one adset. And Meta is smart enough to sequence those ads and uh and work it out. So, I've talked a lot about consolidating less. When do we actually have separate campaigns, separate adsets? I've talked about the location example. Here's another example. By default, I like to use one campaign per product or service range. So, we're not going to have a different campaign for red hats versus blue hats. We are going to have a different campaign for hats versus shoes because those campaigns we want to optimize differently. We want meta to treat them as as we might need to target slightly different people. We might need to advertise them in a different way. People might need more convincing to buy shoes than a hat. So, we need more ad impression. We want them to learn under different conditions and then and then optimize um accordingly. An exception to that would be a general dynamic catalog campaign. Um where if you run those typically with a relatively small budget, then Meta is going to spend the majority or all of that budget on retargeting depending on the size of your of your warm audiences. And I'm perfectly happy to that span your product and service ranges and just you know this is more like to be used in a product capacity as opposed to service based businesses. But you know put the thing that someone's most like to be interested or has just had a look at in front of them even if we are crossing between shoes and hats and belts and whatever it is that you know you might be selling in this example. So happy for that to be businesswide but otherwise we're going to to be more specific and have different product ranges. So not variations but different product ranges or different services. um in different campaigns that we're going to separate out that way. It also gives you a lot of nice control as an advertiser to be like, "All right, we're out of stock on this. Turn this off." Or, "We're at capacity for this service. Turn this off." So, if we look at our business, for example, we offer both done for you meta ad services. We create manage optimizer campaigns for you. And we have done with you program, which my mentorship program, where you still manage your own ads, but we coach and very hands-on in terms of making recommendations. You can ask us questions and all that sort of stuff. So, those are separate offers. We would have those in separate campaigns. We want them to optimize differently. The target market is typically a bit different. Uh the the big spenders are typically going to be on the done for you services, the larger businesses. Others are going to be with the with the mentorship program. So we want Meta to optimize accordingly. And then also like I said, we have flexibility in terms of capacity. So we could oh we're absolutely capacity. We're done for you. Let's turn that off for a little while. Um and we'll start that up again once we uh once we're ready. By the way, if you're interested in either of those, want us to run your ad campaigns for you or want us to teach you how to run better ad campaigns, get better results, um, links in the description for both. There are also times where you might need a different campaign structure to what I've recommended. So, the things I've been through here and what I've recommended would be the default. That's going to apply to most businesses, but there are times where you might want to do something differently. For example, my omnipresent content campaign strategy requires a very different structure. You can't have the one adset. You need multiple adsets. So, if you're not familiar with that, I've got videos on my channel in case you want to check it out. It's typically a strategy that works really well for businesses with a very um involved purchasing decision for your customer. So, think high ticket service, for example. Something that people really going to have to think about, need a lot of convincing. You need a different campaign structure. If you're selling a $10,000, $20,000 service, for example, right? So, in that instance, you're going to want to go away from this default. When you go away from this default that I've uh talked about in this video, meta is also going to pop up with lots of warnings. It's fine to ignore those, but just do it very intentionally. Know why you're doing it as opposed to just I'm going to do this because I heard 3 years ago this is how you're supposed to do it or such and such said this would work and know why you're doing it. Follow a specific strategy like omniresent content and understand the process and therefore you're fine to ignore warnings. Remember that warnings that pop up in your ad account saying change this to improve performance. they are done with like the masses in mind and what's best on average and they're right. It might not be right for your um specific scenario. Testing is the other big example where we might deviate from this. So a lot of ad accounts run into the issue when they just have the one campaign, one ad set where they really struggle to test new ad creative. So they find that okay, I've got my ads in there, meta spending on one or two ads. I try and introduce new ads. I've been told I need creative diversity. I'm spending all this time producing new ads. I put them in there and just nothing happens. Met doesn't spend any money on them. They just spend money on my previous best performers, but those are slowly fatiguing and performance is dropping. What do I do? That's where we will entertain a different campaign structure. In fact, I go through how I'd recommend you test and the various options to overcome that problem, allow you to test new ad creative, which is super super important in this video here. So, I'd strongly recommend checking that out next. Often we will still use this campaign structure and test within it, but there are scenarios where we will deviate from that. Anyway, I cover it all in this video.

  Top Comments:
  1. @BenHeath [4 likes]: Get personal Meta Ads feedback from me (live) for less than $60 per session:
👉 https://www.skool.com/benheath/about
Let my agency run your Meta ads for you:
👉 https://heathmedia.co.uk/done-for-you/
  2. @SalesRemedyUK [2 likes]: My campaigns' ROAS is through the roof thanks to this man.
  3. @writedirect [1 likes]: 3 videos in and blown away by this instruction. Ben is intelligent, pleasant, to the point and has made navigating Facebook Ads as a beginner a possibility. Definitely see using his paid services as we grow and things become more complicated. Can't say thank you enough.
  4. @AshleyRoyalty-x6u [1 likes]: Does budget influence how many ads you are running in an ad set though? I get 20+ is great, but if you only have a $50 budget per day @ $4 CPL, how many ads is fair without spending the money too much.
  5. @LindaH-k1g: Great content! Thank you :) I have a question though regarding customer segments. 

When creating a target audience segment for existing customers, the “Purchase” event does not appear as an available event option (which I assume we want for existing customer segment?).

We are using Shopify, we have Facebook & Instagram installed, and enhanced data sharing is enabled (Conversions API, Meta Pixel, and Advanced Matching). Because of this, I would expect the Purchase event to be available.

Could you help me understand why the Purchase event is not showing?
  6. @lemonroti1991: Consolidation is key: The modern recommended approach is to minimize the number of campaigns and ad sets. Instead of separating cold and warm audiences, it is now more effective to combine them into a single ad set (0:23 - 0:51, 5:12 - 6:21).

Leveraging Meta’s algorithm: Because Meta’s targeting systems use your inputs as suggestions rather than strict rules, they are highly capable of automatically optimizing delivery for better results when provided with more consolidated conversion data (1:05 - 2:43).

Creative Diversity: With the platform's increased sophistication, it is recommended to include a wide variety of ad formats (videos, images, UGC, etc.)—often 20 or more—within a single ad set, allowing the system to personalize delivery to different users (10:10 - 12:18).

Testing strategy: The video advises testing ad copy variations (headlines and primary text) directly within ad units rather than creating separate ads. Location-based targeting remains an exception where testing in separate ad sets is still beneficial (8:27 - 10:09, 12:20 - 13:45).

Automatic Sequencing: By consolidating, you allow Meta to automatically perform "ad sequencing," showing top-of-funnel content to new prospects and retargeting with lower-funnel content like testimonials, all within the same ad set (15:00 - 18:49).

When you should deviate from this structure (e.g., for specific product ranges, high-ticket services, or specific content strategies) is also addressed toward the end of the video (18:50 - 23:29).
  7. @stilllookingfortreasure: How do we figure out our existing customers when we sell mostly on amazon? I do have an email list but I know that most people are not on there.
  8. @marvinwilliams7938: You say 1 ad set with many ads is better. If you add new ads into an ad set it causes a significant edit. What do you say to this concern?
  9. @v.verozina: do we still go for sales and scaling campaigns ??
  10. @chukwudumofoegbu: Great video Ben, how about you make a new video on omnipresent campaign and how to run it successfully with all the new changes that has taken place since you last made a video about it? That will really be very helpful to us. Thank you.
  11. @DarrioSinclair: Using different headlines is good once you know what works, the only way to clean clear data is to run headlines and copy separate with same creative, then do this repeatedly reskinning the best versions and then throwing them into one ad. But it’s more work
  12. @Benjamainma: Hey ben and all, love the content! I just had a very strange 'anomaly' and I’d love to get your take on it.

Last week, my Business Manager crashed and all my Pixels became 'unavailable' mid-run. I had two 'Sales' objective campaigns that suddenly had to run with ZERO pixel data feedback for about 8 hours. Paradoxically, my sales tripled (x3) during that window compared to my usual performance.

It felt like the algorithm was 'unshackled' from the pixel's constraints and went full Broad, hitting cheaper CPMs that actually converted. How do you explain this? Is this a known phenomenon where the creative is so strong that the pixel's 'optimization' was actually acting as a bottleneck?

Also, do you think this can be replicated intentionally via 'Traffic' campaigns or Sales campaigns without a pixel, or was it just a 'lucky' glitch in the auction? Thanks all!
  13. @innocentgaurav82: If I add so many ads at the ad level, will it not take ages to come out of the learning phase ?
  14. @SundaramFashions-r6s: Hey ,

Thank you for making a video about it. 
I have a query , We have a kids wear brand . 
We make different categories, like casual wear, party wear, sleepwear. So Shall we make ads for different category under same ad set or shall we make separate campaigns for separate categories. As we have received both inputs from different experts.
Kindly suggest .
  15. @FullbrightBusk: :face-green-smiling::face-orange-frowning:
  16. @bolinzhaio: However, I have a question: if an ad group has a large number of creatives, but the meta tags allocate most of the budget to the one or two best ones, what if the remaining creatives are also high-quality? Isn't that a waste?
  17. @RafaelBelor: if i have the same offer but different avatar, would you still do it in the same adset? for example, i have some ads targeted at busy professionals and some ads targeted at retired high income avatars. not sure if two adsets are the way to go. i feel like having more adsets gives me more control. what would you suggest? i‘m starting with very low budgets but want to scale quickly when i find a funnel that works
  18. @RafaelBelor: it‘s possible to further limit the reach of the targeting, so the retargeting is ONLY engaged customers, and engaged customers can be excluded in the cold audience campaign. what would you recommend for small and big budgets?
  19. @Camila-b4c4d: Thank you for the video Ben, it's really helpful! I have a question about segmenting audiences: would it be possible to keep the cold and warm audiences separated if you exclude the people who interacted with your brand, since it is an option available in the controls area and not the suggestion area?
  20. @tornikephkhovelishvili7344: Great video Ben! I have a question regarding the ''Flexible'' mode. I ran the 5 different creatives with Flexible, but I can not see the result per creative to see which one is performing best, I only see the sum results. How can I deal with it? 

Thanks in advance!

- ​The NEW Facebook Ads Strategy Dominating in 2026: Kind: captions Language: en Facebook ads are completely different than they were just 12 months ago, especially with all the huge updates like gem and Andromeda. And the brands and advertisers who figured out what was working early have had a major advantage for the last 6 to 8 months while basically everyone else is trying to figure out what the heck happened. [music] In just the last 6 months we've managed $35 million across the accounts that we manage at the Moonlighters. We work with brands in all categories across nearly every single vertical. And over the last few months we've been taking a completely different approach to the way that we structure our ad accounts. We've had multiple brands that we work with increase their overall revenue to all-time highs after the fourth quarter. Just like this member of my community who grew and scaled their business from $66,000 per month to $100,000 per week. So, in this video I'm going to break down high-level what this exact strategy is and what's changed. And then I'm also going to show you step-by-step in the ads manager how to create the prospecting side of this system completely for yourself. So, to properly understand what's changed, you first need to know what used to work. Now, what's worked for us for the last 3 years prior to this major shift was a system that looked just like this. I'll take you through it very briefly. Essentially, we had a core prospecting campaign where we launched a broad packs every week or so and we launched individual creatives in each of those packs. We then scaled the best creatives that spent the most and drove the most amount of revenue into a scaling campaign that lived at the top of the account. After this prospecting campaign, we would set up a retargeting campaign that had 14-day Facebook and Instagram engagers, 30-day visitors, and 90-day add to carts. You should always know that in all these cases for both old and new strategy that they are always subject to change based on the brand. And then finally, we would set up a retention campaign. This is for your existing customers, people who previously purchased from you. And we would target all-time purchasers and 180-day purchasers. Now, here's what's changed because it's fundamentally shift because of Andromeda. Our prospecting structure looks a whole lot sexy and a whole lot more complex, but don't worry, it's not overwhelming. If you're already using what we used to call the M3 method, then the M4 method, which I'm going to break down in terms of the structure, is exactly the same minus a few changes. Is actually going to be a very easy transition for you, whether you're using an old structure, new structure, or if this is your very first time seeing this. In the M4 method, we have a core prospecting CBO campaign, multiple ad sets with all minimum budgets, and don't forget I'm going to show you exactly how to set this up. And we are grouping our creatives by avatar or concept. We then have the same retention campaign to hit our existing customers with all-time purchasers and 180-day purchasers mixed in. And the ads that we're showing these folks in particular are evergreen ads, sale ads, new products, and upsells and downsells. And then one of the biggest sweeping changes is now our retargeting campaign is optional. Now, this is optional based on the data in your ad account. So, you have to be skilled enough to actually understand if you should have it or not. But basically, you're looking at your audience breakdowns and you're making a determination based on the data on whether or not you should have a retargeting campaign or not. Okay, so let's get into the ad account. I'm going to show you everything step by step. And by the way, if you want the full in-depth tutorials on this, I'm talking eight plus hours of the entire M4 method, structure, creative, deep dives, advanced optimizations, and digging deeper into how to actually scale in this method, then you can click the link down in the description or go to school.com/facebook. We are the fastest growing e-commerce community with over 400 brands right now scaling of every shape and size, whether you are just starting out or you're an extremely advanced operator. We have people that are spending $100,000 a day and people that are spending their very first dollar on Meta Ads right now along with the live Q&As every single week where you can ask me any question and even if it's not the day of that live Q&A, you can ask me a question right now in the school community and guarantee an answer by the end of the day today. We're going to be setting a campaign budget and just for this example, I'm going to set my daily budget to $100 per day. It doesn't matter. This is just a placeholder. We're keeping our campaign bid strategy at highest volume or value and then we're not editing our budget scheduling. You should have here in your engaged audience, your add to cart 90 and your 30-day site visitor and then for your existing customers, anyone who's purchased over all time. Next thing is we're going to go into our ad set. Now, this is going to be pack number one. Every single time we launch a new pack, we're thinking about the avatar in that pack. So, we're grouping our ad concepts by avatar and by concept. So, in this case, I would name my pack number one and I would put my avatar name plus concept name. For my website location, I'm choosing website. For my performance goal, I have two choices here. Maximize number of conversions or maximize value of conversions. If everything you sell in your business is the same price, I would generally recommend number of conversions. If you require people to buy multiple times, meaning more items to the cart to get over the free shipping threshold, then you can choose value of conversions. In many cases, it's actually strategically positive to run both of these and have two separate campaigns, but that is a conversation that is way more complex. Next, we're selecting our correct data set and we're always choosing the conversion event, purchase. If you do not see the conversions API tag right here, be warned and go into your data set and make sure your conversions API is set up. We don't want duplicate data. We always want to be set up with the correct accurate data coming into the pixel. Without that, to be completely honest, you are doomed. The correct data into the pixel is so critical. So, you click purchase right here, and then you're going to have the prompted option to choose a ROAS goal. For now, we're not selecting that. If you chose max number of conversions here, you're going to see cost per result goal. We are not choosing that as well. Our attribution model is going to be standard, although there are times when incremental makes sense. We're going to choose standard for now, and then we're going to change our attribution setting to 7-day click, 1-day engaged, 1-day view. By the time you're watching this, the upcoming changes to engage view attribution are going to be more clear. They're going to be public to everyone. We have beta tested this in multiple accounts because we have early access, and I can confidently tell you that running 7-day, 1-day, 1-day is going to long-term be more beneficial, or at least give you the most amount of signals for your pixel. Next, we are on the budget and schedule section. The budget and schedule section here is different than it ever has been. We are actually going to be setting ad set spending limits. Now, if this is your first pack and your only pack, then you don't need to set a limit. The limit is actually only going to be applied when we're launching new packs moving forward. So, think about it like this. If I had pack number one avatar and concept, and I launched this this week, and then a couple weeks went by, and I launched new creatives, then it would be time for me to actually set an ad set spending limit. Now, because you're watching this, you're probably smart enough to actually understand that I don't need to duplicate a bunch of ad sets to show you one setting change, but all you need to know is that every time you launch a new pack, you're going to be setting an ad set spending limit typically equal to one time your target CPA. So, for this case, we're clicking set a minimum. We're choosing use dollar value, and we're setting our minimum equal to our target CPA. If you're only spending a little bit of money, then you might not have the flexibility to do this. This is going to be most applicable and most effective for businesses that are spending a lot. If you're spending a thousand dollars a day, two thousand, five thousand dollars a day, this is going to be particularly helpful to actually get the most amount of spend to your best ads while also testing a small amount on new ads that are running. Next, we're going down to our audience settings. Obviously, include all the locations that you can target, and I don't mind grouping these locations in one. For your minimum age, truly set this to your minimum age. Don't lie to Facebook. Don't put 21-plus if you actually aren't exclusively limited to 21-plus. In most cases, it's better to go broad and then narrow down later. Next, we go to exclude these custom audiences. This is very important. This changed recently in the new Facebook UI. This used to be something that was a suggestion. It's no longer a suggestion. If you exclude these audiences, as we can see from the info button here, any custom audiences added here will be excluded from the audience for this ad set. So, if we go back to our flowchart here, because right now the only thing we're focusing on is prospecting here, which are new customer acquisition, and then retention here, which is milking as much cash out of our existing customers. Here, in the prospecting campaign, we need to exclude everything here in the retention campaign. And we are excluding anyone all time who's purchased. So, this is going to be from a Clavio or a CRM list manually uploaded into Facebook, which you could also insert right here. In your audience settings, this is a small change that might have a big difference. Change your languages to the actual languages that your ads are written in. Do not allow your ads to be auto-translated into a bunch of different languages, especially if they don't apply to those languages. If everything you're doing is in English, do not allow all languages to be targeted. So, instead, if I was running English ads, I would choose English all, and then awkwardly I would type it again, and type it again, and I would choose English all, English UK, English US. In this next section here, this is where we could quote suggest an audience. This is the launchpad that Facebook works with. 99% of the time, I am leaving this blank. We could sit back and let this work from here. That is how we set up our ad set. There is nothing that we're doing on the placement side. We're just simply allowing Facebook to run wherever it wants. The analysis happens after we run the ads, not before. And we're not over optimizing, we're just having some control at the ad set level. So, we have our first ad set, our first pack created. Now, when we add new packs, new creatives, whenever they're available for us, all we're doing is we're duplicating the exact same ad set. We're changing this from pack one to pack two. We're including whatever unique avatar and concept we are launching here. And if you're launching iterations, then mention that it's iterations. We're keeping all of these settings exactly the same, and then we're launching the new ads inside of this new pack. Now, the next phase of this setup is interests. Interest groups follow a very similar function, except there's a small tweak. In this case, we're quickly duplicating our pack. We're changing this instead of from pack two to interest underscore winners. In the interest group, we are only running our best-performing ads over all time. Truly testing the interest, not testing the ads. So, in terms of our ad set settings, everything in the conversion block stays exactly the same. Our budget and schedule generally will not need an ad set minimum, cuz we're launching our best-performing ads. If you cannot get the interest to spend, don't be afraid to set an optional minimum spend here. And then when it comes to your audience, this is where things do in fact change. We're going to click further limit the reach of our ads, switch setup. You might have a couple of different toggles there. Just make sure you're always clicking further limit, further limit, further limit. We're then going to detail targeting. Describe your audience before. Don't worry, just go to use original options, and then go into here, and what you are doing is selecting a single interest target. You are not selecting a whole lot of targets, you're selecting a single interest, and you want it to be adjacent to your brand. For example, if I was Nike, I would not select Adidas. I would not select Reebok. I would not select Under Armour. Those are exactly the same as who I'm currently targeting. The point of an interest is to expand your audience. So, if I was Nike, what I would target instead is something like Range Rover because Range Rover is a different group of people, kind of like Nike likes to position as a luxury brand. Now, in time with this kind of a setup, you're going to notice you start to launch a lot of packs and you might find 30, 40, 50 active ad sets. Now, that is all fine if you're scaling the actual ad spend as you're launching new packs. But, if you're not scaling your ad spend and you're stuck at a specific ad spend or you don't even want to and you just want to get a slightly higher return on ad spend, then you're going to have to pause down certain ad sets and certain ads to maintain a good flow and allow the account to breathe. And the next stage of this is setting up your retention-based audience. This is an algorithm-friendly approach that gives you some control. And the reason it works so well is because it allows you to actually see where your ad spend is going so that when you increase your spend, you actually know if it's going to new customer acquisition and not being wasted on engaging existing customers that were likely to convert anyway. But, as you can imagine, not only is this strategy hard to implement, maintain, and grow, but it requires a whole lot of oversight. I'm not going to pretend this is the easiest strategy to run. But, the strategy that I just showed you is legitimately going to be rolled out for over 100 businesses that are on pace to spend over 75 million dollars in the next year. So, if you're a brand that's scaling and you actually want this implemented for you, then click the link down in the description or go to the moonlighters.com/apply. And if you're not the right fit to work with us today, then you could also go to school.com/facebook where I teach everything in slow motion along with live Q&As that you can access me anytime. And finally, if you don't want to pay for anything, then everything on this YouTube channel, including this video right here where I walk through my entire creative strategy, is 100% free. As always, I hope you got a ton of value out of this video, and I will see you very soon.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Brandolin-nl6ul [1 likes]: How does it not get affcted by fragmentation? I have tried running multiple ad sets under a CBO campaign. The campaigns fell apart because of the fragmentation (Our Ads competing witth our other ads)
  2. @paulomiguel20 [1 likes]: Can you make a video suggesting the best or a good way to spend a $100 daily budget?
  3. @SamPiliero: 👉 Work with me and my team: go.themoonlighters.com/apply-l151
👉 Join my coaching program: go.themoonlighters.com/skool-l151
  4. @screenboiler: Once you find the winners do you move them out of the prospecting campaign and into a scaling campaign?
  5. @screenboiler: Does this work for local home service businesses? Like home remodeling and bathroom/kitchen remodeling companies? Spending $100 a day
  6. @Heiasat_Design_3D: WHAT ABOUT THE OVERLAPPING
  7. @Armaansway: Hey Sam, great video! Quick question on the Round 2 strategy (broad pack 2). If I'm using CBO and I add a new Round 2 ad set into the same campaign, won't that 'starve' my Round 1 winner of budget? How do you prevent the new ad set from stealing spend and disturbing the performance of the winner that's already working? and what about Starting the learning phase again, doing that won't start learning phase again for the 1st round version?
  8. @kanisshka5509: But why the scaling campaign gone?
  9. @ВанесаГеоргиева-р1о: Hi, I wanted to ask can we create an ABO ad campaign or it is necessary to be a a CBO?
  10. @igorevich2867: Thank you, Sam. You often break down ASC and CBO strategies. But what about cases where there are specific SKUs that have already proven their performance both with and without ads — meaning these SKUs sell well on their own?

If we follow your strategy and, for example, add 6 SKUs into ASC like I do, the budget gets heavily diluted, and only 1–3 creatives actually receive spend. This doesn’t really solve the goal of selling the truly strong models. Out of 6 products, only 1–2 will end up selling. What do you think?
  11. @pranavkrishnan7662: i am running on 3 ads for now, all diff concepts, should i add them to a new adset or keep them in one also wb image ads?
all image ads in one adset or mix with video?
  12. @yahoyaho92: This is so much helping me! Thank you so very much! 

I have a quick question.
You mentioned that you can maintain ad-sets as long as they are above the certain level of ROAS. 
What about individual ads in ad-sets? Can I turn them off if they do not perform well in good performing ad-sets?
  13. @meuplanob9601: So, in this new approach, you no longer create an "Engaged" campaign?
I remember excluding engaged leads from the last 30 or 90 days during the "prospecting" phase.
  14. @ggcrp6068: Will the ad account time zone (UK) cause any issues when running ads in the US market
  15. @Icontrading-u2g: Do you start with CBO and not ABO?
  16. @Ahfdh-o4v: Is the main difference from before that the first ad group doesn’t include any audience interests or similar criteria? Also, I don’t understand why we’re using the minimum budget instead of the maximum budget for the test ad group. If the minimum budget isn’t fully spent, isn’t that money wasted? Using the maximum budget would essentially set a fixed testing budget for the group.
  17. @michaeltrumbull3769: Sam - Thanks for the updates here - these have been very helpful. In the M3 strategy, within your prospecting CBO you had previous EXCLUDED ATC 90 and Site Visitor 30. Are you saying with the new updates, those exclusions should be removed, and only Existing customers (List + Purchasers 180) should be listed as excluded audiences? So we are going to let meta run a split and hybrid new / retargeting campaign? And does this apply down thru the scale campaign (seeing scale as optional at this point too). Let me know if the above sounds right. Cheers
  18. @MartinBenesCreative: This video was published in march 2026. Why in your vidoe it says that some upcoming changes will be available in August 2025? Feels like meta is broken again even right now in front of your eyes.
  19. @libertariancountry: You do creative testing in CBO? hmm. I use ABO. Is that bad?
  20. @basharbagdad3978: So on testing faze its not ABO? I thought testing faze its with ABO and when scaling its for CBO..?

- Tối ưu Facebook Ads 2026: Vì sao chi phí ngày càng đắt? | Qn92: Kind: captions Language: en When users become annoyed and take actions such as blocking ads, reporting ads, hiding ads, blocking the ad altogether, or even unliking and unfollowing the fan page, the platform will definitely fine them. Because this platform survives thanks to its users. If there are no users, who would advertise here? And if an advertiser keeps annoying users, they might not even want to play on the game anymore; they'll just switch to TikTok. Because I'm constantly bombarded with ads here. Did you enjoy meeting your siblings ? The users are the same. And this is what drives up our advertising costs and land prices. This is inherently a flaw. Hello everyone. Today's topic is my review of the advertising campaign that the HR team used while running the project. Of course, those HR personnel who have been operating for 2 or 3 months will still have quite a few errors. By the way, please share the problem you encountered with us so we can discuss and share ideas to find a better advertising solution for everyone. And this is the result that our HR team got. Specifically, if you receive a budget to run an ad campaign for about 5 days, you will receive between 45 and 100 million VND. So here, on an account you're currently running, I'll open the results from the last 7 days so everyone can review them and we can compare them from various angles. Firstly, during the operation process, we will have KBI. KBI's cost per chat ranges from no more than 16,000 to 17,000 VND. This is the average. Secondly, the sales criterion is a conversion rate of 30%, meaning that out of 10 messages, three must be sent to the phone number that closed the deal. So, here are some criteria I'd like to share with you all. Everyone just wants to get to the point where they sell well. My operations staff is the same way. This is one of our employees who's only been on the job for 3 months. When running an advertising campaign like this, there will always be ups and downs; some days you get orders, some days you don't. For example, the average over the past 7 days seems fine. However, if we look at today's report results, the cost of running the report today is generally higher than on previous days. Perhaps you'll look at it and think that somewhere around 11,000, 14,000, or 19,000 is pretty good, but for me, it's not. When I looked at the overall price, it was clear that this cost was expensive. And here, my friend has forgotten about a story about exploring the nature of the platform. You forgot about this, so I have to make a video to remind you and your siblings. So, before we head to bed, let's sit down and get to know each other a little bit, shall we? Let me ask you guys, what are Facebook, YouTube, and TikTok platforms? These are entertainment platforms. The reason we sell advertising here is because the platform's underlying message is entertaining; it provides valuable and entertaining information to keep users engaged on the platform. And when there are users on the platform, then we advertisers can participate in advertising to reach these users. This is the nature of it. Please allow me to elaborate on the essence of the matter like this. This is a normal account that needs to crawl . Okay, so now I'll scroll through, scrolling to the recent content that's been getting a lot of interaction. I came across a dental article like this. It's possible you stumbled upon some dental-related content and it's here. Scientists like this are always on the move. The Paris University of Science is quite a famous place, you know . It's quite famous in the dental field. So, with a dental website like this, when you interact with it, you're just a regular user . They interact if they're interested, which could mean they'll follow the page, and if they are following it, then it's perfectly normal for that to happen. But no, things would be abnormal if users were just browsing Facebook or Newsfix and they wanted to see entertainment content, they wanted to see news updates from their friends. But with ads constantly popping up in people's faces, do you know what kind of harm they're causing to users? It will cause discomfort. And this very annoyance will drive up your advertising costs, folks. The land is clearly rising. Let me give you an example. Imagine you're a user, you might have already done some research, or maybe you're just researching now, but if ads keep appearing in front of you like this, users will develop a defense mechanism. They'll react to the constant attacks and messages, right? Users will resist these kinds of messages and get annoyed. So, what will they do? First, they'll click " Ignore." If that's the case, and even after clicking, the ads are still spamming and reaching the same users, they'll click "Click" on the ad. Even if they hide the ad, the content or message might still continue to appear. What do you think they'll do next? Once they get to this page, they immediately start cutting it down . And this is the most terrible thing . When users become annoyed and take actions such as blocking ads, reporting ads, hiding there are no users, who would advertise here ? And if an advertiser keeps they might not even want to play on the game anymore; they'll just switch to TikTok . Because I keep getting bombarded with ads here, and I'm meeting people here, but do you guys like that? The users are the same way . And this is what drives up your advertising costs and makes it expensive; that's the core issue. And that 's also the reason why we operate our business. I advise you all to launch an elimination campaign every 7 days. There must be a cycle, a filtering cycle and an elimination cycle. The cost you quoted me today is so high that if the ground gets in and the problem dies, it will immediately become apparent . Let me check if you've created any objects. That's the level of interest for us siblings, right? Let's see if you created it. Here, you're creating an audience, but this audience is for targeting, not for filtering. This helps us minimize distribution to people who have already purchased or those who aren't really interested, thus reducing advertising costs and improving our advertising performance. It also helps the platform evaluate us better, preventing unnecessary increases in advertising costs. And here, I only see you doing one task: creating the file for the online process. There are no exclusion files here . So how do we exclude them? My siblings and I clicked on the object box . Please help me connect here. Create custom objects. When we create the object part, we scrape to create the page part to help you. Go ahead and select the page where we're running ads and which we want to exclude. Here's just an example, okay? I'll give you an example of a page here. So, I will select one page during the advertising campaign to exclude that audience. And we will choose which events to exclude. And please note that we are using this diagram to communicate, which is quite a reminder. Then I'll borrow this slide, okay? Also, if you're experiencing issues like spam messages or other unwanted advertising, you can check out other content on the Win D92 channel. There will be content shared categorized by topic. Now, here I'm going to talk about the subject of that story. And the target we are aiming for here is exclusion. And our task is to eliminate the person who made the purchase. For customers who have already made a purchase, we will have remarketing campaigns tailored to their needs, rather than running advertisements. The goal, the campaigns, and the content we're running today and at this time are to find new customers and sell to them. Furthermore, when selling to existing customers, there are many ways to do it, and we do n't always have to spend money on advertising. There are many ways to retain customers, for example, by engaging them on Zalo, sending messages, etc., or we can occasionally run campaigns, discounts, or retargeting programs. Therefore, when it comes to selling to existing customers, a different strategy is needed. My way of thinking is different from my older siblings'. That's why we need a strategy before we start operating, instead of just jumping in like moths to a flame and ultimately losing all our advertising budget . Here, the story is about exclusion ; we're excluding people who have already made purchases, and we're excluding clones and fakes. Remember, actions should match the goal. The goal is to eliminate expensive and annoying advertising costs for users. So, here I will choose two goals. The first target audience is people who have already interacted with your page. This is the number one category. And the key here is choosing the right time to create the file. Our cycle is typically 60 days. A 60-day lead timeframe would be sufficient for consumers to return and purchase our products a second or third time. That's it, it's cyclical. Also, for those of you whose products are cyclical, occurring every 2 months, 3 months, or once a year, please set the number to 362; nobody will be able to fix that. So here, the timeframe will depend on each person's individual strategy . And that strategy will depend on the product's consumption cycle . So, since this product is a demo from our company, if people tend to consume it again every 60 days, then I'll set it to 60 days. Then there are the people who interact with my page; I can add more people and they can click on more links. Then, continuing from the interaction with the page above, below you will have a section for visitors, including those who access the page, and especially, this is the foam engraving feature. Visitors to the site will include people who have messaged to make a purchase, those who haven't messaged to make a purchase, or a combination of both clones and sellers. That's why for those who access this page, we'll also give them 60,000 VND, divided into parts, okay? Then we can add more. That's what it lets us replace it with. Then we'll add more here . Those who have liked or followed your page, and those who interact with any promotional posts, also have 60 days. Here's more. Then there are those who clicked on any of the call-to-action buttons . That's also 60 days. Then, the same applies to those who clicked the "send message" button on your page, also after 60 days. So we'll name this object "60 days". What needs to be eliminated is virtually all of the interaction phases within these 60 days; we need to exclude them. Excluding certain options helps to reduce wasteful advertising costs . And furthermore, this is a Business Manager ( BM) advertising account and this is a BM advertising system. That's why we only need to create the file on one account. Let me give you an example. Now, when I create a new file, I select the file I just created. Please note that it is currently loading. We'll wait two to three hours for it to finish downloading. Select this file and we can share it. That's the amazing thing about the BM advertising account system. My whole family can absolutely share our ad accounts on Business Manager with other members. And this is also a pretty good part. We can absolutely apply this to other advertising accounts on BN, and this is a unique feature. So, if I create this file, exclude it, and find it effective, then I will proceed to share this file with the remaining ad accounts on the Business Manager, and I will also implement this across all ad accounts during the advertising campaign. I will also exclude this file so that my advertising efforts will only reach new customers to persuade them to make a sale. As for existing customers, I will send them follow-up messages , check in on them, and call them. And for those who are still hesitant to buy, I will create a different category, not this one. I'll create a list of people who have messaged but haven't made a purchase, for example, people who watched a video but haven't bought anything, or people who interacted with an advertisement but haven't made a purchase. I will proceed to run ads targeting those audiences. And the correct thinking here is that for people who are exposed to our ads for the first time and don't buy the content because it's not appealing, it means they are having more difficulty making a decision. They are more thoughtful, they think more deeply, they compare prices more often, right? Therefore, when we create the second segment—those who are interested, have followed, but haven't made a purchase—we then establish a second content message, which could be about discounts. Think of it simply: discounts are an inside message. Or, create content that addresses their higher-level concerns or pain points, for example. Things people haven't asked me about could be things like, "Oh, I know, I like this toad, but I don't know what material it's made of," or " You say it's like that, but who has used it? Have those who bought this toad actually made money with it? Is it effective?" Then, the second type of content we can create could be user reviews – people who have bought it, experienced it, become wealthy with it, and are sharing their experiences . It's possible that those are actors we hire from the community to provide feedback, but that's the second type of content we use to run content ads that build trust. Then we can use that content to reach people who are already interested, following, watching, and interacting but haven't yet made a purchase. That's what real advertising cost savings are all about. That's just the strategic thinking; I haven't even mentioned other things like setting up or editing or creating a master map. So, this is the point I need to discuss with my family. Otherwise, the simplest way to think about it is that the number one content is sales content that talks about the product. Content number two is discount content, directly focusing on discount programs for those who are always comparing prices. This is the part about running ads that I recorded to upload for my HR team to update them. I also recorded and shared with everyone that it's not just about setting up cameras and running ads from start to finish without understanding the market, understanding the customers, and understanding the nature of the platform's distribution. That's how we waste money online. Here, I'll show you. Let's open the CBM column. Let's open this CBM column. Then, drag this CBM below the impression count section and drag the amount spent up so you can see. Take the number of impressions and multiply it by the CBM to get the amount spent. I'll open this tab, this tab... Here's the limit: I'll multiply by the CPM price, then by the CBM price, then multiply by this price, and press enter. Everyone, see if this is the correct amount spent. Is this the correct amount spent? 434,000 VND, not the number of people reached. And within these individual campaigns, do you notice that the platform keeps returning and distributing to existing users ? And when we look at the summary, it's only about 7 days. In about 7 days, our family has reached out to almost 100,000 people, right? 100,000 people means you can imagine how much of your advertising budget is going into that. The data never lies. This is the operating philosophy of our team. My work is based entirely on data. Just look at the data, just look at the parameters we're working on. So this is the part I need to update everyone on, and I'll also share it with you all while reviewing the advertising campaign from my HR team . And this is the perspective from which the throne is placed. If you have any different perspectives on the process of running a second-hand advertising business, please leave your comments below, or if you have any questions, let's discuss them further with the team. Hello everyone, see you soon with more interesting content and more sharing on the Nguyen D92 channel . There's still quite a lot of content to be covered in the operational process, and when we put it into practice, there will be many more challenges. So let's keep learning and improving each other every day, okay? Goodbye everyone, see you in more content later. We keep searching for answers on how to optimize advertising campaigns and save on advertising costs, but the simplest mindset we [in music] have almost completely overlooked is that, like myself, Duong, and many of you sitting here, we are human beings, we have a process of growing up, learning, and developing, and clearly, how we understand things will determine how we operate. So, have you ever asked yourself whether your accounts, fan pages, and all your advertising campaigns truly understand your potential customers ? Have you correctly identified the people who are capable of selling and generating profit for you ? If your advertising system doesn't understand your customers, doesn't grasp their customer profile, or perhaps you're guiding them incorrectly, then it's likely you're doing it wrong. This leads to a situation where misunderstandings lead to mistakes, causing our advertising costs to keep increasing, rising, and creating more and more problems. And that caused confusion among my siblings . Currently, Duong has packaged 6 to 8 years of experience in the business into detailed processes to become a long-term and stable partner for you all, so that we can all grow together in a win-win situation. My siblings and I are growing, and my team is growing too . Therefore, you can learn about the process that our team can hand over to you during the optimal operation of advertising on beef pho restaurants. You can scan the QR code on the screen to learn more and join our team in the advertising operation process. Hello everyone, I'm Duong, the cornerer of the H2 marketing team. It's a pleasure to meet you all in this step- by-step process of optimizing advertising operations to create a sustainable development process. To develop, stability is key, so I hope you all will focus on stability. Goodbye!

  Top Comments:
  1. @guitardemhat [1 likes]: Quảng cáo là công cụ - ăn nhau content thôi :)))
  2. @xuantruongkma [1 likes]: Khi mk tạo đối tượng loại trừ như v xong thi cần target loại trừ ngay trên chiến dịch đang chạy hay là set camp mới vậy a. Em cảm ơn
  3. @hung9042: bạn  làm về  ngành game  đi  ạ
  4. @stephentl88: Cảm ơn bạn, tư duy hay thật sư !
  5. @LongNguyen-lq4ws: anh ơi, em chạy 1 chiến dịch (tối đa mess) 500k/ngày, mỗi ngày 16- 17 mess, tỷ lệ chuyển đổi ra sđt là 20%, mặc dù em đã loại trừ khách hàng đã chuyển đổi và rác thì sau khoảng 15 đến 20 ngày, thì nó lại hiển thị tệp cũ (tỷ lệ gần 50%), thì em nên loại trừ thêm đối tượng gì ạ?
  6. @ÊchgiốngVănnghiêp: a muốn mua via để tạo fanpage để làm affiliate thì nên mua via nào e ơi

- How To Make Facebook Ads With AI - Step by Step: Kind: captions Language: en Ever wondered if you could turn one product image into a real Facebook ad without filming or hiring a UGC creator? Honestly, I used to think this was impossible, but after testing a new workflow, I finally figured out how to do it properly. So, now I can take one product image and turn it into dozens of high-quality ads in a single afternoon. And in this video, I'm going to walk you through the exact workflow live. So, by the end of it, you'll know how to create Facebook ads with AI even if you've never made a single one before. For this, I'm going to be using Ark Ads, which is currently the only platform where I can run this new workflow. So, if you want to follow along with me, I'll leave a link in the description down below where you can sign in. Once you're inside, look on the left panel for the button that says new workflow and click it. Now, as you can see, we land on a blank canvas with a prompt box right in the middle of the screen. So, the first thing I'm going to do here is attach the product image I want to make the ad for. And for this video, I'm using a yoga foam roller, so I'll attach it using the button in the right-hand corner. After the image is loaded, the second thing I'll do is type the prompt inside the box. Here's exactly what I'm going to write. Now, if you take a closer look at it, you can see this is not a complex prompt. In fact, I'm just describing in natural language what kind of ad I want to create and the AI influencer I want inside the video. So, the prompt doesn't need to be complicated or have some kind of special structure like you usually need for image and video generations. And that's because Ark Ads does all of the most of the work for us. It runs a complex system that takes our simple prompt and turns it into a much more detailed one. And on top of that, it goes and does the market research for us. So, instead of doing all of that manually ourselves, Ark Ads handles the angles, the hooks, and the entire script automatically, which used to be the part I'd pay a copywriter a couple hundred bucks per script to handle. But don't think it's going to give you some generic copy because it actually researches your target audience, finds their pain points, and figures out which Facebook ads in your niche are currently the winners. So, you end up with a high-converting script from start to end. Now, the prompt itself is simple, but there's actually one line inside that's doing something really important. The line where I said, "I want different types of ads for this product." And this small detail is what unlocks the volume of the ads we are about to generate. Because instead of getting just one type, we'll get multiple variations to pick from. And this means more iterations, which means we can find the winning ads faster than ever. Now, normally to test this many angles, you'd be writing separate ad scripts all afternoon. But with that one line in the prompt, Ark Ads writes all of them for us in one shot. So, a process that used to eat a full afternoon now wraps up in about 30 seconds. And once the image and the prompt are in place, I'll click generate. And just like that, Ark Ads went and built this entire thing for us in a few [music] seconds. Now, if you look at the canvas, the entire workflow is broken down into five columns, and each one handles a different stage of the [music] ad. On the top left, we have the product image we just uploaded. And right underneath it sits the prompt block that holds every prompt the workflow generated for us. Then, in the second column, we have an image generation node. And what this does is take our avatar prompt from the left column and create the character image for us. That image becomes the actor reference for every video clip on the right. Moving over to the middle, we have a whole bunch of video generation nodes, and each one runs Seedance 2.0. This is currently the best video model for creating UGC style ads. So, I'm going to leave it as it is, but you can also try other models like VEO or Kling if you want to test different variations. Each video node takes our product image and our avatar as references. And on top of that, it pulls in one of the prompts to generate a 9 by 16 UGC clip for us. Right after that, every video clip flows into its own caption node. And finally, on the far right, we have the stitch node. This is where every captioned clip gets pulled together into the final Facebook ad with smooth cuts and caption baked in. But before we click run to generate the ads, let me actually show you what Ark Ads wrote as the prompts for our generations. Because if you know how it works, you can later on find better ways to improve it yourself. So, the first thing the workflow created for us was the prompt for our reference image. This image is what every other clip in the workflow is going to be based on. Inside it, we need two things: the foam roller and the AI influencer. So, for this, Arcads created an image generation node. This takes the original foam roller image on the left as [music] input together with the text prompt it just wrote. Now, if we look closer at the prompt, you'll see that Arcads described the AI influencer in a lot of detail. It says she's a woman in her early 30s wearing [music] a cropped tank top and leggings. And on top of that, it places her in a sunny living room with a yoga mat right next to her. And as you can see, the prompt Arcads wrote actually matches our niche. Now, Arcads also created four different video prompts, each one built around a separate angle. The first one is focused on pain relief. Maya talks about her hips getting tight after sitting all day, and then she uses the foam roller to release that tension. And this is one of the most relatable hooks for this niche because almost everyone understands that feeling. So, it's the perfect opener for us. For the second angle, Arcads went with a clear product demo. Maya uses the foam roller on her calves, her quads, and even her upper back to show all the different ways someone can use it. But, the angle I like the most is the one where Maya is actually honest about the product. She doesn't start by acting like everything was perfect from the first second. She admits that it took her a minute to figure out the best way to use the roller. But, once she understood how to use it properly, the feeling was amazing. And that's exactly why this is the strongest one out of the four because the viewer won't see it as another paid promotion where the creator pretends the product is perfect. And finally, the last ad is built around morning mobility. Maya uses the foam roller before yoga to loosen up, which turns the product into part of a daily wellness routine. So, now it's not only a recovery tool for people who are in pain. It also becomes useful for anyone who just wants to move better and take care of their body every day. So, from just one short prompt, Arcads handled almost everything you would normally have to do by hand. And the only thing left is to click run. And here's what we get back. Arcads is now going through every node on the canvas and generating everything at the same time. The first thing it creates is the reference image with our AI influencer. So, let's take a look at it. And here she is. The face matches exactly what we wrote in the prompt. The skin texture looks natural and the soft window lighting makes the whole image feel like a real selfie taken at home. Now, what's important about this image is that the entire workflow is built on top of it. So, if Arcads failed here, everything else would start falling apart. But, honestly, it nailed it. And that's actually a pretty big deal because every clip downstream uses this image as the reference. So, if the face was off here, the same broken face would show up in every single ad. So, now, let's see how it generated the actual videos. In the first clip, Maya is testing the roller. Especially if you're sitting all day, right? My hips get so tight after work, so I use this for 5 minutes and it helps so much. Oh, yeah. Oh, that feels good. And right away, you can see her rolling out her glutes exactly like we described in the prompt. But, the thing worth pointing out the most is that both the product and Maya stay consistent throughout the entire clip. The foam roller looks the same and her face matches the reference image from start to finish. In the second clip, we have the honest review angle. These are the three spots I always use this on. And right away, what stands out is how natural her voice feels. She doesn't sound like she's reading a script. She sounds like she's casually talking to a friend, which is exactly what you want from a UGC ad. And what I like the most is that she takes small pauses while talking, exactly like a real creator would. Those tiny hesitations are what make the whole thing feel real. And those are the kind of details I've never actually seen another AI tool pull off. [music] So, this is the kind of clip I would run on Facebook right now, exactly as it is. After the videos are done, every clip flows into the caption node, which adds the captions on top. So, let me open one of the captioned clips. >> As you can see, every word is timed perfectly with what Maya is saying. And finally, the Stitch Note pulls everything together into the final ad. So, let me play it and show you the result. This is what I use before yoga when I want to loosen up fast. [music] I thought this would feel too intense, but it actually feels amazing once you find the right pressure. These are the three spots I always use this on. This came out exactly the way I wanted it to. The character stays consistent across every clip, the product doesn't change, and the voice feels natural the whole way through. And the final result looks much closer to a real $2,000 UGC ad than something AI generated in just a few clicks. So, if you want to start producing ads like these without ever picking up a camera or hiring a UGC creator, go sign up for Arcad using the link in the description below. Thanks for watching, and I'll see you in the next one.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Yourivanhofwegen [1 likes]: Make Your Own Facebook Ads with Arcads 👉 https://youricreates.com/facebook-ads
  2. @Chillinwithvic [1 likes]: I like the video
  3. @DicksonEvah [1 likes]: Is Arcad free to use ?
  4. @tallerdecomic [1 likes]: Nice new video Youri. Another banger, serioulsy.

- The Best AI Ad Creative Strategy for 2026: Kind: captions Language: en Most brands are using AI to create ads completely wrong. They'll fire up an AI tool to generate 50 ads in an afternoon. They roll them all into their ad account and wonder why nothing is working. The volume is there, but the quality isn't. And I get it because AI tools are everywhere right now and they make it seem stupidly easy to create content. But creating ads and creating winning ads are two completely different things. My team and I manage millions of dollars in ad spend for nearly 100 direct-to-consumer e-commerce brands across literally every category. I've also helped over 600 brands inside the number one Facebook ads community on the internet. And what I can tell you is that brands that are absolutely crushing it right now are not using AI as a standalone creative strategy. They're using it as an accelerant on top of their creative strategy. So, in this video, I'm going to break down the exact AI creative ad strategy that's working right now in 2026. And like always, this is the actual thing that me and my team were doing right now for all of our brands. So, the thing we need to understand first that's critically important is the old way of Facebook ads versus the new way. The old way took an audience and you created ads for that particular audience. You grouped them in either an ad set or a campaign. The new way focuses on a concept that matches to that audience. And put in a more complex way, you have avatars that create audiences. You've heard creative is your targeting before. That is avatars automatically find your audience. When you take an avatar and put a template in that avatar together, that creates an ad concept. And I'm going to show you how you could do this all in one shot. Okay, so the tool that I like to use for this is called Super Scale. We literally have all of our brands in here. We've been using this for a while now and we've noticed that it actually gets smarter in time. But just for the sake of this video, I'm going to start it from scratch. Now, keep in mind, you could do similar things on your own time with very complex prompts in like Nano Banana or other places as well that are mostly cheaper or free. But what I want to focus on now is what actually drives the best results because one winning ad could genuinely change your entire ad account and your whole business. So my focus here is quality. So what we're going to do in this case, we're going to create a new brand so you could see everything completely from scratch. And all I'm going to have to do here with Superscale is give it my website URL. So to keep things simple, we're going to use Grooons because everybody likes Grooons. We're going to drop in the Grooons URL here and what this actually does, which I think is why it's so much better than basically every other AI platform, at least the ones that I've used, is it's actually analyzing the website or competitors and it's putting together a brand book for us. So what it will do in just a few seconds here is on the left-hand side, you're going to see something pop up here that says projects in context. And as this updates over time, it's actually building branding guidelines, things we don't want to say, things we do want to say, must-haves, don't do's, etc. This is going to allow us to have a context file that grows as we use more. So just on my first output here, we can see that it now added 10 products to our workspace. So I can go here and I could change to any of my products. So we could just use like the main Grooons one if we want to, very simply put. And now it knows that it's looking at that individual product. So it's going to be even more relevant to whatever I ask it. Now without even giving it any more information, which to be honest is kind of crazy. You should give this more and more and more information to get a better result. I'm just going to click one button here, which is create static ads for Grooons flagship adult gummies. We can literally just prompt one line here. It's going to go through a process of looking specifically at the entire supplement space for gummies. This again is the difference maker. It's researching what's working in the supplement gummy space. So specific to the niche of the brand that we've entered. It's finding our own image ads based on what's actually working. And by the way, just a side note, you can actually connect your meta account in here. So for the brands that we are actively managing, we have our actual data in here. So, we could actually see if the ads are actually working based on any KPI we tell it, not just like relevance scores or impressions that the Facebook Ads Library actually gives. In this research here, it's just using broad Facebook Ads Library knowledge, but if we actually hook this up to the ad account, it can go a step further, look at conversions, purchases, cost per, return on ad spend, whatever we need. So, after it's looked at our own image ads, the next thing it does is it looks for everything in our niche. So, it's looking at a bunch of different competitors here. It's also looking for greens supplement powders, aka Athletic Greens. It's going to find similar to our brand. Then it's putting together what it believes are our matching competitors based on brands that are actually working. So, it's looked at AG1, [clears throat] Olly, Ritual, Bloom. I would actually consider these to be all the top brands. SmartyPants is another good one in here, Nature Made, another good one in here. And then it's taking these competitors and it's finding their top performing ads based on what's run the longest and what's getting impressions according to the Facebook Ads Library. So, we have AG1 top ads, Lemme Gummies top ads, Goli top ads, and the list goes on and on and on. Okay, so I paused the video here because this just went on for like 5 minutes and basically did an insane amount of research. Like it kept going and going and going. I think everyone probably understands that my creative team handles this most of the time, so I'm even more blown away when I see just how deep this research actually goes. I mean, this has likely saved hours of work to get the correct output. And we can see now on the right side, after it's checked the top ads in the greens ad account and dozens of other competitors, it basically found a few different angles. And literally, it says angles, just like I've talked about in the previous 2 minutes here. It has different angles that it's going to focus on. It's now creating automatic outputs in real time. You could see it popping up. Automatic outputs of these angles that actually will work for this business. Okay, the outputs are in. We've created nine ad concepts. You can see they actually format them by concept and angle, the same thing that I've been talking about for literally years. And we can see them here on the right side. So, I want to just mention here, when you use AI of any kind, one of the biggest problems, as I've said many times now, is that you get losers. You think it all looks good, but most of the ads are actually just slop. They don't look good. They don't perform well. So, what I expect when I actually insert the correct prompt with a ton of context is a significantly stronger result, and that's what we get here. I don't expect 10 out of 10 every time, but 50% when I was able to click that button, wait about 5 minutes, and actually get high-quality ads is off the charts. So, here's what we got here. On the right-hand side, we have 60 ingredients, one gummy. That is a standout, clear format that we've seen work before. So, you can actually see in this here where and what ad this was inspired by. So, it takes the angle and then takes the inspired by right in front of us. Okay, let's just go through the rest of these. Next one here is Traveler's New Bestie. So, this is taking that New Bestie, the GLP-1 New Bestie format with the traveling concept here, which could work pretty well. Next is GLP-1's New Bestie, which is a proven concept that we already know. And by the way, I could take any of these. This is a 4x5 format, and I could just click this button, and it will make automatically for me a 9x16 like that. Moving on to the next one, we have a lifestyle in kitchen. Honestly, I don't love this one that much. I'd probably skip it or make different generations of it. Clinically studied that actually works. We know this is a concept that actually works for Grüns already. iPhone notes, this is really, really crafty. This is cool that they've actually done this for us. Things that actually changed my health this year, those green gummies from Grüns replacing my six bottles of supplements, that was life-changing. Super smart, super crafty. Replace your entire supplement shelf, 60 nutrient-dense ingredients, one grab-and-go pack. I mean, super smooth. My poops have never been this good. Again, like straight-up attacking the avatar. We know this is a proven concept, so it was able to find what was proven in the ad account and make more of it. You could also do one more thing that I really like right here, and you can go to the expert library, and this is going to show you a dozen and one prompts from all different kinds of angles that you could steal for yourself. I think this is insanely valuable because most of the time creating the prompts are what's going to give you the most outsized result for high-quality creative. So, in this case, let's say I wanted to do something as simple as a winning ad iteration. They have a prompt built in here for you. You can click use right here and enter it with a brand with a product that you want and add any additional context. So, it's all pre-built, very easy to go, and you could save these as well. Also in here, which I think is crazy valuable, and this is brand new, they have skills. So, we could do things like top of funnel creative testing. We could do things like weekly creative briefs all built into here, which is crazy valuable. And the last thing that I didn't call out too much today because we've been focused on static ads is there's actually a big video library. So, they've generated dozens and dozens of characters that you could prompt from, and you know those characters are high-quality cuz they've already created the back end of the character. The cool part about this is we actually have access to Sora and Seedance in here. Both models are the top two models right now, for sure. Sora and Seedance, too, by far, long shot, the best models right now. For me personally, having dozens of these prompts available at my fingertips and the fact that they're being updated constantly is huge for me. This really, really helps with the production of my team. Allows everyone to be on the same page using the right prompts. It's like getting handed everything on a silver platter. Probably the best right now when it comes to actually being able to build a variety of ads without overload and making you do hours of research just to put a prompt in when most of the times those ads come out as duds anyway. Okay, now that you understand where me and my team are creating ads, let me show you how to actually implement these ads into your account and a very clear testing structure that you can follow. Really that focuses on limiting wasted spend but still allows your new ads to get tested properly. Because you can create so many ads, but if the right ones aren't getting spend, you're really not going to get a good result. So, basically what we like to do is we follow a modular-based system. At a very simple, high level, we have a prospecting campaign and a retention campaign. All we're going to focus on is the prospecting campaign. Now, in the prospecting campaign, every time we launch a new round of creative, we launch it as a new pack. So, you can see here I have broad pack one, broad pack two, broad pack three. It might just be one pack for you today, and it might be 100 packs for you in the future. You're going to pause things down, you're going to keep things, you're going to make changes along the way, but we use a modular pack-based system. New ads, new pack. New ads, new pack. New concept, new pack. And we generally like to keep the packs grouped by avatar. So, if I was Groom's, for example, I would not be putting the hoop ads into the hair ads same ad set. But, I would keep these into a campaign. Really simply put, new ads into new packs. Inside those, there could be anywhere from two creatives in a pack to 10. Really, the sweet spot tends to be four to eight ads in a pack. Seems to be enough angles these days to actually test adequately without overcompensating with too many different angles. The next thing we like to do on these packs is we set seven-day minimum budgets. So, what this looks like at the ad set level is when you go into your ad set, which will be your pack, as we're calling it, and you go down to the budget section. You're going to see ad set spending limits. Right here, we use a dollar value amount, and we set this dollar value amount to one time our cost per acquisition target. If our CPA target is $50, then yes, we just enter $50 right here. It is that simple. If you are spending not too much money, and you don't know how much to put here because $50 is going to be like 30% of your budget, cap it at 20% maximum. And then after 7 days, you are taking that $50, this minimum, and you're removing it. You just click this button, you remove that minimum, and then you allow it to run freely. What this does in effect is it basically allows the new ads that we launch in the new packs to get tested. They get a fair chance at your target CPA. If they work, they're going to spend over the amount. If they don't work, they're going to fade and scale down. And then perhaps the most important part, the iteration engine. Right, so you've understood now how to one-shot new ad creatives, whether they're static or videos. You probably know still that this is not an all supplement to all creative. You still need to be producing your own creative. But what do you do when you have a winning ad in your ad account? To find your winning ad in your ad account, what you want to do first is go into your main prospecting campaign, go to all of your ads, and go to your column set, compare attribution window, incremental attribution. What this is going to show you is the ads that actually drove revenue incremental to the business that wouldn't have happened without this ad. Once you select this, you're going to take your top ads by incremental revenue and incremental ROAS, and you want to produce more. Simply put, just produce variations. Now, we could take those variations, we could pop them back into Super Scale, and literally just ask for variations, or you could just tweak them on your own. Either way is completely fine. The important part of this is just like Grunts, they are taking their best angles, and they are creating a variety of iterations on top of those best angles. Iterations are not one word in the headline changing. Iterations are a decent swing. In old-school Facebook, this would have just been considered a totally new ad. These days, it's just considered an iteration or a variation of an existing winning concept. The biggest mistake I see when people are running AI ads is treating it like a magic button, where you just create a bunch of ads, throw them into your ad account, and hope for the best. Now, I walked you through my exact system. I previewed how we implemented these creatives into our ad accounts. But if you want to see a way more detailed account of how we actually take ads, put them in the account, the exact settings, step-by-step-by-step-by-step, then click this video right here where I go through my entire strategic setup for 2026. I hope you got a ton of value out of this. Let me know if you did in the comments below, and I will also link all of the tools that I used throughout this video in the comments as well. That's all for today. I will see you in the next one.

  Top Comments:
  1. @bradynzambrano2744 [5 likes]: Is there any software you’d recommend for a lead gen agency? To generate more creatives like this. We currently work in generating leads for Final Expense life insurance. 

Your vids are very helpful thank you!
  2. @Marcelo.kovasc [4 likes]: Thanks for the video!! What's your opinion on brands that focus on multiple problem areas, like hair, weight loss, fiber, etc., compared to a brand that focuses on only one solution mechanism?
  3. @SamPiliero [3 likes]: 👉 Superscale hooked us up, here is my unique link to join: https://try.superscale.ai/sampiliero
  4. @divyavardhanchaturvedi1702 [1 likes]: Hi Sam. Inside the ad set, while launching ads, are you uploading up to 10 creative assets in one ad or single creatives. This is in context of the latest format display option that meta has rolled out, where we are given the option to upload 10 creatives. How are you using that option and has it brought you notable performance?
  5. @alexanderfocke4342 [1 likes]: Insightful video, thank you! What is a good prompt you would recommend to start with?
  6. @amodi9576 [1 likes]: perfect
  7. @sudhirgupta3570 [1 likes]: tha
nk you sam. How to increase the per day spend in prospecting campaing. If i have 100 $ per day and let say i have allot of creative after some time. So how can we increase the ad spend? follow 20-30% rule or duplicate and 2-3x the ad spend.
  8. @KosarHammanan [1 likes]: Thank you once again for the amazing video it’s great. I’ve got a question please let’s say we testing out different angles and under one campaign we have 3 adsets and each adset have an angel inside with different creatives of that angel and my question is does each angle needs to have different landing page as well or can be the same?
  9. @the-youtube-helpdesk [1 likes]: This applies so well beyond ads too. AI can help create more options, but if the inputs are weak, you just get more average outputs faster. The real edge is still in understanding the avatar, the angle, the hook, and the testing system behind it.
  10. @tylerkoehler9756 [1 likes]: Just as a side note if you use this presentation elsewhere, you spelled "template" wrong in the slide at 1:26. Great video man.
  11. @alpbing: Great video Sam. Quick q before I join the Blueprint — does your skool course work for low-ticket digital product funnels ($17 front end + upsells, info product, not ecommerce/Shopify)? Still early on Meta and my gap is the decision-making (kill/scale/duplicate). Is there much for that kind of funnel?
  12. @raulgolfs: I would love to see Marlon in the Vids
  13. @fredrick745: would this tool work for SAAS?

- AI UGC Ads - 2026 FREE COURSE For Beginners: Kind: captions Language: en This is an AI influencer, and I'm going to show you the exact step-by-step [music] process of how to create one for yourself in under an hour. Nothing converts better than UGC ads, and thanks to AI, you can now create 50 new ads [music] every single day. By the end of this video, you'll have the exact tools, scripts, and hooks to go out [music] there and create ads that print cash. And you can't even tell that I am not real. Starting with creating an influencer. The old way of creating UGC is you'd find a whole bunch of creators, you would reach out to them, slide into the DMs, and say, "Hey, are you interested?" You'd go back and forth, you'd say, "Hey, I'm willing to spend 500 bucks per video." That sounds very simple in premise, but anybody that's actually done this in the real world know that influencers are unreliable most often than not. And then half the time that you get the content, it's usually absolute rubbish. [music] >> It's However, now thanks to AI, you can basically get the same outcome. And for all of the people being like, "Can't you tell that it's AI, blah, blah, blah." Sometimes you can, but not once you go through my workflow. And in saying that, even if it's a slight way that you can still tell, the sheer amount of volume that I'm going to show you how to pump out completely combats that. And if you don't know me, I'm Sabri Suby. I have spent over 300 million dollars on ads in a thousand different industries to generate my clients 7.8 billion dollars in sales, so I know a thing or two about running ads. actual tools and how we're going to deliver on this. There are tools like HeyGen, 11 Labs, and Kling, and Heck. By the time you watch this video, there'll probably be a dozen more because things are moving so quickly. Now, I do not have any affiliations with these people. Your boy isn't picking up commissions, and it's typically the same process with all of these platforms that are out there. So, most platforms, they already have a whole bunch of built-in AI avatars, where you can go in, you can browse around, you can pick one that matches your target demographic, say, "Hey, that looks good enough. Let me just roll with that." However, what we're going to do is we are going to use Nano Banana Pro to generate a static image of the exact detailed avatar that you want to create. And so, the way that we do this is we simply go over to Claude and we say, "Create me a prompt for a hyperrealistic AI influencer that I'm going to be using Nano Banana Pro to do. That should be of a 26-year-old white [music] Caucasian woman. This needs to be as if it was created on the iPhone, so it looks super super native. Please have it for 9:16." [music] It's re-updated it now with a candid iPhone 15 Pro photo 9 by 16 vertical [music] portrait of a 26-year-old Caucasian woman. And then, it's already prompting me to give her a name. [music] And I suggest doing this so that you can just basically reference and say, "Hey, it's Susan." And then, every time that you want ad, you just basically say, "Do this with Susan." And then, away you go. So, what we're going to do is we are going to take [music] this and we're going to go over to Nano Banana Pro, which we do in Higgs Field, 9 by 16, 4K resolution, and in a moment, it will pop up, hopefully, that it's good enough to run. Here's an important distinction is that the closer that your AI avatar matches your exact demographic in terms of the age, [music] the ethnicity, the accent, then the higher the conversion rate is going to be because it acts as a pattern match, right? They're like, "Oh, that's who I am." And so, therefore, that resonates more with me. You want to get down to the actual year and say a 26-year-old woman. And then, ideally, what you would do is you basically have different AI avatars for different age demographics. So, you'd have for one that might be 26 years old, and that would be an ad that you specifically target to 25 to 30-year-old women. Then, there might be another one at 35-40 year old and so on and so forth. Now, it's not just ads. So, basically, what you want to do is you want to split test them on Facebook ads, right? Or meta ads. And then find out which is the one that converts best. Then, you want to also use them all throughout your funnel. You want to include them on your landing pages, in your email flows, in your retargeting ads, in your VSLs. Anywhere that you possibly can use them, you want to do it because it basically humanizes the whole experience. All righty. So, what you can see here is we've got three different options. One option on here is like it's too stylized. It looks too fake. Where this middle one, it looks great. And then they've also given us one that's like, you know, the chick's not wearing any makeup and it's just a little bit more casual. That could also work depending on what it is that you're selling. But I'm going to go with this one. So, what we do is we go ahead and we download this puppy. So, we've got the static image. Now, we need to take this static image we just generated and transform it into a native setup. We come back to Higgs Field, paste this prompt that you see on the screen right now, select the static image we just downloaded, and then hit generate. Our native scene looks great here and we'll be using this as our starting frame for the video that we'll generate in a moment. So, we need to download this as well. All right. So, you take your image of your AI influencer, you head on over to video, put the starting frame as your influencer here, and then paste in this prompt and hit generate. And this will take a minute or two to generate. So, we'll check back on it in a moment. What are we actually going to get this influencer to say to get people to whip out their credit card, double click on that Apple Pay in irrational quantities? Which brings us to step number two, finding the organic bangers. So, the single biggest mistake that you can make when creating AI UGC ads is to then go to Claude or chat GPT and say, "This is my product. Write me a UGC style ad." For the love of all things holy, you will be murdering your money if you do this. And this is what most people do, and then they're like, "Oh, AI is crap. It doesn't really work." If you're giving it that you can expect that you're going to get out. What you want to do is you want to go to either TikTok or Instagram Reels, and you want to type in what I call the bull's-eye keyword for your market. Korean skin care, you jump on there, you type in Korean skin care. And then you want to look at all the top-performing [music] TikTok Reels, and then what you want to do is to start to compile a list of the best-performing content on both TikTok and Instagram [music] Reels. Because that has already showed us that that content is doing well organically in the algorithm. Therefore, I know that if we get that and we turn it into an ad, the thing [music] is going to absolutely bang. Then what you want to do is you want to use a Chrome extension called Sort, where you can click onto a creator's page, and you can basically sort all their content by views and engagement. And typically, if someone's creating content around that keyword, they're going to have multiple pieces of content. And you want to start to basically put these into a spreadsheet, where we can use them later for fodder. Don't just do one or two searches and be like, "There's nothing good on here." Get creative. Type in [music] the specific product, the specific category. If you want to go even the next level, you want to create a burner account that basically only clicks on content that is related to the products that you sell. And then every time that you basically log into that TikTok or Instagram account, your feed is just going to be flooded with proven content. And you're going to repeat this process, rinse and repeat, forever. Then what you want to do is once you've got that sheet of all the proven organic bangers in your niche, you want to use a TikTok or Instagram Reel transcription [music] service. The one that I use is called Talk Script, and it shows you the entire script of exactly what they said, and we're going to put that into another document that we're going to be using later on in this process. So, we've got our swipe file, right? We got the full transcripts of exactly what the organic content is saying to do very, very well in the niche, and we've got the links to that content also, so we can see kind of how it's set up, what setting that they're in, all of that kind of jazz. And then when we sit down to actually produce [music] our script and produce these ads, we're not wandering where to start, or we're not going with some very vague and limped prompt to ChatGPT and Claude and expecting a Hail Mary. That's where everyone gets it wrong. Do this and you will see that these things absolutely print cash. Which brings us to step number three, scripting with AI. Now, look, having a swipe file is useless cuz we're not just going to basically swipe and deploy and literally rip some creator off. We are going to use that as inspiration, and we're going to script our own things. So, we're going to move over to Claude, and we're going to use this prompt. Here is a list of existing organic content that has done very, very well in my niche. Here is my product. You can link out to your product page, it will read it, or you can just upload a bunch of content for it to read. Here is my buyer avatar, and here is my call to action, [music] my CTA. Please create me five variations with organic YouTube style TikTok and Instagram Reels scripting. We're going to get all the different platforms on there, so we can get a mix and we can see what's going to resonate best. Ideally, if you're running TikTok ads, you're going to be using TikTok style hooks. If you're running [music] Instagram Meta ads, you want to be using stuff that performs well on Instagram Reels. Then in under 2 minutes, you'll have five scripts that are already grounded in content that is already performing in your niche for a product that is very similar to yours. Then once we've got that, we're going to have multiple variations of all the different hooks cuz we're going to have a list to pick and choose from, and then you can keep repeating that process, and you just go through that, and you'll get a huge, [music] huge list of hooks. Then, what you want to do is you want to write two to three different body copy variations, which is like the meat of the script, what the act actual influencer says, and how they sell your product. Because then, when you partner those two or three body copy variations with like the 15 different hooks that you'll have, and then the actual video that we're about to produce, you got hundreds of different variations. You can [music] literally print 500 ads a month doing this process. This is a process that you're just going to continually [music] go through. This is not a one-and-done, like, "Oh, I got all these ads, I'll just run these forever." So, don't just do this once. Set up a day a week where you do this, or better yet, hire someone to do this full-time for you, so you just got unlimited creative to run inside your ad account. Now, that's the actual creative, but if you're running an ad on Meta, you know, in addition to that, you've also got the actual headline that is going to appear just below the actual creative that you're running. And again, with those things, you want to be running another 10, 20, 30 different variations of that. Then, you also have the body copy that appears on the actual ad platform, which is different from your script body copy. And then, you also want to test that. Very, very quickly, you can see we're going to have hundreds and hundreds of these different variations [music] to run. Now, for your hook length, typically, what you want to do is have this no longer than 3 to 5 seconds. Again, you've only got 1 to 2 seconds to grab them in the feed before they skip past and go to something else. It needs to start dead in the heat of the action. Like, people feel like they should be interrupting something the way that you drop them in the hook, and it should grab them, and then just move them straight into the body copy without setting up the full [music] scene. This is meant to look like organic content, guys. It's not meant to look like an [music] ad. All right, so you've got the scripts, you've got the AI influencer. Let's create this into actual ads that then feeds a machine where you know exactly which ads to kill and which ones to scale. Which brings us to step number four, the post-production, like actually creating the video ads that we're going to run. The more dirty and raw it can feel, the better that it's going to perform because we want it to feel just like a selfie video. Therefore, we don't need a whole bunch of effects. We just need super light touch editing that removes away any of the glitches. The other thing that people make a huge mistake is they give it the entire script and then they're like, "Create this." And then it's dog What you need to do is you need to chunk it. So, you need to just have the hook and then break up your body copy into smaller little bite-size chunks. The way that AI is right now, it might not be like this into the future, is that the more that you give it, the higher the chance of it making a mistake [music] and the whole kind of emphasis on the words doesn't sound right. You want to just break it up into bite-size parts. That is going to mean more work. You are going to have a whole bunch of different video files that you're going to have to [music] then patch together. However, this is how to make it hyperrealistic where people can't tell. So, you want to basically use native captions, a little bit of b-roll if it's relevant, but typically I like to try to avoid it at most costs because it's not going to look natural a lot of the time. You want to use a native editor like CapCut where you can use all the native kind of captions and text that people would use when they produce that content. So, of course, it looks [music] natural and organic. Or if you're like, "Yo, Subery, this is just too much work." Guess what? There is an army of editors on platforms like Upwork [music] that would be more than happy to take five to $15, put this all together, you give them a good brief, and they can do all of this, and you can get on with running your business. Does this convert better than a real human? No. Real humans a lot of the time do have a [music] slight edge because it is just more natural. However, it's not a fair comparison cuz you're not comparing just one AI influencer to a real influencer. No. You're comparing having one real influencer versus 15 AI influencers with all these different hook combinations and body copies that you can print at the click of a button. And so the sheer volume of testing and finding out what works, the overall row as that you're going to get is going to be far greater than basically using one real human to do it. And AI wins on volume every single time. It is physically almost impossible for most people to do this process that I ran you through today using real creators. You have to have an army of people to do this and most people don't. And how do I know? Well, I've got thousands of clients, right? And the amount of people that actually are doing this is I can count them on one hand. People aren't adopting this stuff nowhere near as quick as they need to be and therefore that gives me and you a huge advantage. And don't shoot the messenger. Don't be like, "Oh, Sabri, he's telling everyone they're going to lose their job, right?" I'm just reporting the facts, guys, right? Over 50% of influencers are now out of work because of this. It's just the way that the world is right now, guys. And now I'm going to show you the actual video ad that I created using my very own avatar. Can you tell the difference between a real natural lip balm and a cheap toxic lip balm? Which brings us to step number five, launching and testing our ads. So most people, when they create an ad or they do anything really online, they do it one time and when it doesn't work, they blame the platform, right? They blame they say, "Hey, Facebook ads don't work for my business." No, you just don't have enough creative diversity to actually find a winning hook. It's like if you're posting organic content, you can't expect to upload your first piece of content and for it to bang. And it's no different with ads. But when you run through this process, you guys saw firsthand how easy it is to create so many different variations of this. And the reality of it is as a marketer, the vast majority of what we do doesn't work. Like think about it this way, right? If you're running meta ads, you are doing a good job if you have a 1% CTR on your ads to cold [music] traffic at scale. If you can get 1 to 2% of those people to actually buy, then again, you're doing a good job. So, don't get discouraged when you see that like, you know, 80% of the ads that you create don't bang. [music] That's completely fine because if we can go through this process and we can find one or two winners that we can scale, we're going to be printing, guys. All righty, so there's two different ways that I like to think about [music] this, depending on how quickly that you need to get sales. So, the first one is method number one. And this is where you create a subpage for your product. You can even call it your influencer's name, for instance, and you start to take those ads that you have created and you start to upload them to Instagram, YouTube Shorts, or TikTok. Because the way that the algorithm has evolved right now, it doesn't matter how many followers you've got. We've moved away from social media. Social media no longer exist, and the only thing that exists is interest media, where the algorithm is so dialed in that it only serves up content that it knows that you're going to be interested in. And so, don't think like, "Hey, that's completely pointless, Sabri. I'm going to create a brand new page. I have no followers and expect this [music] to work." Yes, I am. That's how basically it works right now. So, you want to create that new page and then start uploading the content on there. Find out the ones that actually do well, and what performs organically is what is basically going to perform on paid engine. So, you do that process with all of these different ads you created. You might upload a hundred and ten of them might bang. Take those ten and then move them over to our paid ads engine. Even if you don't have enough resources, it's probably better to start this because if you don't have much resources, you don't want to be wasting it on ads that aren't going to work. And this just basically increases the odds that they will work. However, let's get down for the people that just want to get straight to the speed in method number two. And it's basically we cut off the whole organic method and we move straight to ads, right? There will be a bit of wastage here, but there is also [music] speed. You want to load all those ads up, use your different creators, use your different hooks, use your different body copies, then have your different Facebook ad headlines and the body copy on there with your different CTAs, and then you will run them and you will collect the data. Now, in terms of how long this is going to take, it's basically the more money that you pump into it, the quicker that you get [music] the data. It's as simple as that. So, the question that you need to ask yourself, what do I have more of? Time or money? If you have more money, then just spend more to get the data quicker. And then this is where you can turn one ad into five ads. You want to take the best performing hook and then you want to write two to three different body copy variations on there and then basically we're rinse and repeat that process. This isn't complicated, it's just consistent. So, you do need to run through this process. It is going to take time, but hey, anything that's worthwhile is going to take a bit of time, but this is far more efficient than the traditional model of reaching out to real creators. [music] And then the real source is taking those best performing advertiser you're seeing are producing the best results within your ad account and making sure that you also utilize them on your [music] landing pages and in your funnel. So, then you have the same scent from what somebody saw on the ad, they clicked on the ad, they come through to the landing page and they see that again and it's just a whole bunch of social proof that you scatter all throughout your funnel that drives up your conversion rates and gives you a higher ROAS. Now, if you like this video, you're going to need to know how to actually run ads itself and I put together an entire Facebook ads tutorial where I walk you through step-by-step on exactly how to do that here. Go watch that now, like, subscribe, and I'll see you in the next one.

  Top Comments:
  1. @HiggsfieldAI [8 likes]: Thanks for the shoutout, Sabri. Big fan of how you broke this down for beginners. For anyone watching and trying it out, drop a comment if you get stuck - happy to help where we can💌
  2. @Issy-q5y [1 likes]: Came from your king kong email. This may work for fashion clothing, static imaging etc but for actual physical products, such as creams, you need real pll real value. I guess ai has its uses but ppl generally aren’t stupid my young child can tell the difference in a heartbeat, thanks for this Sabry i’m taking notes
  3. @PaweKaczynski [1 likes]: "do this with Susan" - approved 👌🙂
  4. @Somatics6550 [1 likes]: I know you are the GOAT Sabri... and did you know that you've just dropped information for free that lesser mortals are selling for $1k?

Legend.
  5. @alex_st88 [1 likes]: your Ad looks like crap. Not even a 60y old would think it's real. How do you teach people about AI UGC ads when you suck so bad at creating them?
  6. @DutchBuckler [1 likes]: Elon is succesful without any of what this marketing stuff seems to try us believe is needed. Link to video please with path to success without fuss. I do respect and love your brilliant effort in this space though. Is marketing then perhaps only to sell subpar products?
  7. @TheAdequateMedia [1 likes]: What happens when brands start getting called out for this at scale though it’s kind of scummy not to say that UGC creator aren’t lying anyway, but I don’t know. Just feel weird.
  8. @KKM-z6d [1 likes]: Sabri, the AI Influencer video you created for this video looks fake af. If you cant' make it look natural, which in my opinion is still not the case (I am an image professionell) you will risk all of your brand image. You all know these yoga ai videos that we get spammed with. Wanna be that brand?
  9. @jesseasia74: Gold, thanks Sabri. Legend !
  10. @garyfm_nxt.lvl.intrigue: So you are selling lies?
  11. @ThegardenWild: Prompt sir  
No like
No subscribe
Shere no
  12. @ch9osx96: Still looks like Ai lol
  13. @on_set5917: Real influencers actually have influence , its sales 101 .. a person has to like and trust you , making AI videos is not the same
  14. @umair_saddique: bullshit
  15. @DeanChalmers: You are such a DON.
  16. @Dearest-events: We've found programs that do all of these steps for you.  Good video though!
  17. @Travellingcampers: How do you structure all these ads in an ad campaign for a small budget?
  18. @cheapbongs: i wonder, can most people tell if AI ugc content is actually AI? would this hurt ur business or is it better to buy organic ugc content?
  19. @Vincent-f8k8l: You look like tate
  20. @zohaibahmadfounder: i can't get a london accent on higgsfield

- Claude Has Officially Changed Facebook Ads Forever! (Tutorial): Kind: captions Language: en Meta just officially integrated Claude into Facebook Ads and it is genuinely one of the biggest shifts that we've seen when it comes to running ads. I run Facebook Ads for over 87, 8, and 9 figure e-commerce brands and I've already been running the Claude integration in these accounts to actively launch, edit, and make adjustments to optimize and report on just about everything for these accounts. So, in this video I'm going to show you exactly how to set up the Claude and Facebook integration. I'm going to show you how it actually functions. I'll show you some real use cases for how we're actively editing, launching, and changing campaigns right now. Okay, first things first, go into Claude, go to the bottom left corner, and click settings, and then click connectors. Once you're here, click add custom connector. Name this Facebook Ads MCP, and then paste in https://mcp.facebook.com/ads. You then click add from here and you'll see the official Facebook Ads logo. Then go ahead and click connect. This is going to redirect you to your native Facebook profile. From here, if you've already connected it like I have, you'll see the reconnect button. If not, you can click edit settings and then choose the current business that you're actively working on that has access. Click continue and then click save. You will then be redirected back to Claude where you can click configure on the MCP and you'll see all of the permissions. By default, everything will be in needs approval. Along the way as you use the tool, you will allow certain things to be always allow and then of course you'll have certain things be always ask and certain things completely blocked. It's all based on your preference. For now, just about everything for me is on needs approval. There's a few things that I have down here like ad insights where it can't actually do anything that I'm actually allowing it to run freely. So, from here we're going to create a new chat and we're going to check our connector. We're going to go down here and we're going to see the Facebook Ads MCP is enabled. I'm just shutting off all my other connectors. I just want to use the minimal amount of other connectors in here and just use my Facebook Ads MCP. For this, I'm now going to type in using the Facebook Ads MCP connector, what ad accounts do you have access to? And we can see as it's actually doing its work, it's able to load up the MCP integration, the tool. Sometimes a logo shows up here as well. And I can see right off the bat here, I have hundreds of ad accounts added in between the audits we do, our school community, our Moonlighters agency offer. We work with a lot of brands, and we have 10 MCP enabled accounts. Now, for this example, I'm going to use this account right here. I know these are blurred out just to save the client to be confidential about it. So, now that we have the account that we're going to use, I'm just going to show you some basic prompts, and then we're going to get into some more advanced stuff like detailed reporting, how to actually launch, edit, make changes. But just for all intents and purposes here, we can now interact with Facebook Ads using Cloud. Let's start with a very basic prompt. For the account, pull the total ad spend over the last 7 days. Nothing else. Now, one thing I noticed in using the tool, keep in mind, I disconnected it and reconnected it for the sake of this video, but what I noticed was that as I continued to use it, it got better and better. It knew which tools to pull, it knew which skills to use, etc. Now, this is really cool, super simple. It can now pull my last 7 days from this account where range. I could ask anything I want. I could ask it, for example, over the last 365 days in a table format, pull in groups of 7 days the total amount spent. I want to in a nice pretty table. All right, and you can see this working in real time. It did take about a minute to actually gather all of the data, and now it's pulling this in a nice HTML table widget format. It's actually going to look really pretty, really easy for me to share this with anyone, and basically show week-by-week data on spend relative to the proportion of it. And I can ask for anything in here, right? So, it's flagging some patterns, it's calling out some stuff, but generally, I could ask for anything I want. I could ask for total spend, total revenue, ROAS, I could look for trends, we could plot charts, we could do it all. For example, if I said, "Take this data, plot it alongside number of purchases, and then put it in a nice interactive chart, or even maybe a few charts that I could play around with." And while we're waiting for that to load, I do want to give you a very important warning. Now, a lot of people are going to get this integration and think that they should trust everything that Claude says. The reality of this is very far from the truth. Now, there's going to be some things that Claude does call out, and really any large language model would call out. Things like anomalies, things like standard deviations away from the norm. These are things that you want your large language model or your AI to call out. You want to be notified about things that are abnormal. It's amazing at finding abnormalities. What it's not so amazing at is actually understanding the holistic strategy of your business. Not only does it not have the insight to things like inventory, cost of goods, and other very important metrics, but generally speaking, it's going to make recommendations only on numbers, not thinking holistically. I think maybe in a few years at most, it's going to get there where the recommendations are going to get better and better and better. But, as of today, I could say very confidently, be super careful with the recommendations that you actually pull out of here, especially when they're broad. Okay, I won't lie, this took quite a long time to actually run. A full year of data and everything that I'm asking for is pretty hefty. But, we have a beautiful chart, spend purchases, CP over time, and then spend versus purchases plotted a little bit differently. I think this is great. We also have some recommendations from Claude, or really like call outs. These were all decent call outs, but generally not things that I'm going to take at face value. So, you can probably see when it comes to reporting, you could just about do anything you want, but there are some limitations. So, just want to break down these limitations to make sure you don't get in here, get overwhelmed, think you could do a thousand things, and are only able to do a few. Now, one of the biggest limitations is we currently can't take any creative element and actually pull it out of the Facebook Ads Manager into Claude. This means Claude can't see your copy, it can't see your videos, it can't see your images. Eventually, it may be able to. This is V1. This is as beta as it possibly gets. But for right now, we are pretty limited about this. I do expect this to be the most important turning point of using any sort of large language model, whether it's Manus, whether it's Claude, whether it's ChatGPT, it doesn't matter. This is going to be the biggest shift that I expect. Essentially, when we're able at some point to take the creative learnings and then push them into a multi-step workflow. For example, you might be able to take the top five ads in your ad account, create iterations of them directly in Claude, directly in ChatGPT, directly in any third-party platform that you use, all through a single workflow. We're not there yet. I just wanted to give you that heads-up on these limitations because it can be super frustrating to prompt, prompt, prompt, prompt, and get really nothing back. Right now, the main use case is reporting, editing, and creation. With that said, let's move on to number two, which is editing. So, I'm going to show everybody the most simple use case that we could possibly imagine, which is just editing the name of a campaign. You can literally apply this to anything. You could change budgets, you could change any setting in the Ads Manager, you could do it all. Just going to show you the basics of editing the name of a campaign. So, I'm going to copy and paste this campaign name, and I'm just going to say, "Find the campaign, change the title to Claude." So, we're just going to add Claude to the end of the title here. And all this is going to do now is literally locate that campaign and update the name. It's probably going to ask me for permissions or approval throughout, which is totally fine. We want that to happen. Go ahead and type yes. Okay, this is an important step here. It's going to ask if I can update the ads entity, and it's going to prompt me to say always allow. In this case, I'm going to allow once. If we always allow, it's going to have free reign to just edit whatever it wants based on me just saying yes in little situations like this, which I don't like. Now, it says done. Let's go back to our Ads Manager. Let me exit out here, I'll do a quick refresh, and we'll narrow down to that campaign. And in fact, we can see in just about 3 seconds, the name Claude is now appended to the campaign. We can obviously do the same for any setting, any adjustment in the campaign that we want. To take this a step further, something that a lot of people are naturally going to gravitate to, and this isn't a direct recommendation from me, but I think something that people are going to want to do often or something along the lines of locate any ad under a 0.5x ROAS in the last 7 days that is in an active campaign. Once you find those ads, we are going to pause them down. Cool. So, in this case, it pulled a little bit of a comprehensive report here in a way on what's actually happening in these ads, and I can just go ahead and say, "Yeah, pause all 14, skip the learning phase ads, only fully failed warnings, let me pick individually." I'll just click let me pick individually. How should I handle ad the one that's right on the line? Keep it, that'll kill too much volume. Cool. So, you can probably see at this stage that it's going to continue to work down the route of which ads should we pause. I could eventually tell it to actually choose the individual ad IDs that I want to pause, and then it will pause them down. The next thing we can do is actually launch campaigns. It can only launch campaigns in the paused state, which I think is a great safeguard. So, we can do the same thing. Let's just say, "Forget it. Let's instead launch a new campaign with all of these loser ads." And we'll call it zombie_claude. Okay, so I've gone back and forth with Claude here a little bit. Long story short, this is going to take a whole lot of tokens to actually run and make these complex adjustments. But what I could easily do is I could just say, "Instead, just create the shell for the campaign." This is going to be a sales objective. It's going to be a CBO, of course. We'll just set this for $100 per day, and I do like how it reminds us it's going to be created as paused. Again here, it's prompting the always allow. We're just going to allow once. Done. The shell is live in the paused state before I could even finish my sentence. Let's click the refresh button here and we called this zombie_claw. Cha-ching, it is set up. Generally speaking, always pop into here, make sure your settings are set up properly. There's always going to be some issues with stuff like this. It only asked me a few questions. It can't possibly know every setting that I want. Of course, you could prompt it to be more prescriptive for new launches that you do. Okay, so we have kept this at a very high level because that's all that's available for us today. I will keep everybody updated with any adjustments, any updates that actually happen to the Claude MCP and Facebook Ads integration. So, if you want to be informed of when those updates come out, click the subscribe button. I post twice a week. I try to reply to every single comment and give as much free value as possible. On the other hand, if you want your ads managed by a team of killers who are using tools just like this every single day, who have early access to tools just like this, then click the link down in the description or go to the moonlighters.com/apply. We work with seven, eight, and nine figure e-commerce brands and help them go from where they are today to significantly more scale. That is all for today's video. As always, I hope you got a ton of value out of this. I'm really excited to see what's about to go down with Facebook Ads and Claude in the very near future.

  Top Comments:
  1. @SamPiliero [1 likes]: 👉 Work with me and my team: go.themoonlighters.com/apply-l164
👉 Join my coaching program: go.themoonlighters.com/skool-l164
  2. @Peteristrate [1 likes]: For some reason, Claude said the META MCP can't pull all the data accurately, and some other data is even missing...., compared to a different MCP I've been using from Adspirer (some guys who created a META ads MCP - no, I'm not advertising them cause I don't want to pay for their service, lol). None the less, the concept works, and it's just a matter for META to improve their own MCP... I hope. Clause said there's nothing I can do, it's all up to META's MCP to pull the data and aggregate it correctly (which it doesn't at the moment).
Has anyone else experienced this? You can compare the META MCP stats with a printscreen from your META Ads Manager. Claude will compare them for you.
  3. @ericleszkowicz898 [1 likes]: You did better than I did... I ended up with only two of mine enabled out of all of the clients my agency works with.
  4. @jordanross8F: Crushed it bro!
  5. @LRB-STLMarketing: Awesome Video!
  6. @BethCorso: why not Manus?
  7. @zakhariahk.8720: Try to beat me i have 1250 ROAS without Ai ….
  8. @HelpCentre-j9f: I have a problem where it connects but i connected to the wrong account id, the acc i dont use. How do i fix that
  9. @gabe-childress: WISPR FLOWWW HE KNOWSSS
  10. @vincentalz: guuuuys you need try the trendtrack MCP/API
  11. @LofiBeatzCollective: 5:07 Claude code is better with this alot
  12. @HolisticHealthSolutionsInc: SAm Tks for this video -- will be not easier to use Meta I or Manus AI that are owned by FB?
  13. @ratchapongolaranont556: Useless thing
  14. @frankb1256: Meta + any app will never give you 12.4 x roas. Only if your targeting BOF. Thats it. Dont ever believe this BS
  15. @johncenegal: only true benefit i see is avoiding having to use the terrible Facebook ads manager UI
  16. @helloworld7818: Meta business SUCKS. Doesnt matter what they do. It´s so bad
  17. @АлександраИонел: I used to believe rich people were lucky or corrupt. After reading Smart Broke Dumb Rich by Zor Veyl I see it is mostly financial literacy. The kind they deliberately keep out of schools so regular people stay stuck.
  18. @AhmedHasan-f2j5p: This book is controversial for a reason and everyone should read Smart Broke Dumb Rich by Zor Veyl. It tells the uncomfortable truth that the system does not want you rich. It needs you working, spending, borrowing and staying dependent for life. Schools wont teach this. Parents dont know it. Once you read it you cant go back to being comfortably broke. It forces you to take responsibility and most people hate it for exactly that.
  19. @thebestmusicforlife9862: My cousin laughed at me for reading Smart Broke Dumb Rich by Zor Veyl. Funny thing is he asked to borrow money again last month. I said no without any guilt this time.
  20. @ShanKhan-m3j7o: I always saw myself as the responsible type. Paid bills early, worked hard, saved a bit every month. After reading Smart Broke Dumb Rich by Zor Veyl I realized I was just a well behaved poor person following rules made to keep me there forever.

- The NEW Meta Ads Strategy That Scales (2026): Kind: captions Language: en Most people running meta ads are still operating on strategy that stopped working a few years ago and their numbers are showing, but they still can't figure out why. Now, I've created thousands of ad creatives and scaled brands past 1 million per month with meta ads. And whenever I audited and compared brand that is struggling to scale or plateauing versus a brand that's scaling really, really fast, the main differences I see is adaptation to the new algorithm as well as creative testing strategy. So, I want to show you what the actual strategy is that is currently performing on meta and scaling brands. Before I do that, I want to quickly cover common myths that prevent brands from scaling because those strategies have been working years ago, but they are not working now past the end of the meta update. Now, myth number one is the creative volume. Many brands misunderstand the end of the update and think, "Okay, the end of the update is about creative volume. Now, you got to run more and more ads. And to even have a chance of performance, you need to launch way more ads." Now, this is a misconception that's commonly spread, but the truth is far from it. If you're testing 30 or even 50 [music] ads per week, but you can't tell exactly why your winning ads are winning. Is it the hook? Is it the ad style? Is it the pain point mentioned there? Is it some emotional triggers? Is it the persona that you're targeting there? Is it the awareness level of the ad? If you can't name exactly what's working there and why, you're just wasting resources on your high creative volume. Because in the end, if you prioritize high creative testing volume, but you are not sure why they perform, you don't have a framework to analyze them, you don't have a framework to derive learnings from the winners, but also from the losers to inform your next ideation and to actually improve your hit rate, then you're really just guessing on a high budget. And you might get some winners like that, but then the next month, it's again up to luck. And if you want predictable scale every single month, you want to rely on luck as little as possible. This is why a proper creative system is important. If you're currently running such a high volume that you think it's impossible for one person to go through all your ads and really analyze what's working and what's not and why and make hypotheses about that >> [music] >> and then take this information and feed it into your next ideation, that is a sign for the fact that you're running way too many ad creatives. If you're in this position, you want to reduce your creative volume. You won't hear this advice often, but if you reduce your creative volume, you are actually able to analyze exactly why your winners are winning, why your losers are losing, what you should avoid in your next ad creation, and what you should make more of. This will give you direction in the next ad creation, and you will exactly know what kind of ads to make to have a high hit rate, to get more winning ads, and [music] ultimately that's the goal. Not having as many ads tested as possible, having as many winning ads as possible. And often the solution is not to increase your creative volume even further when you already have no clue what you're doing, but instead reduce creative volume so you have an overview of what you're doing. And from there you can ramp up volume slowly. To prove this point, let's just do some quick maths. I know many brands are testing 30 or 50 ads per week. Let's take 30 ads per week. Now, let's say you're incapable of analyzing all of them and making clear hypotheses for them. So, that will obviously affect your hit rate, and let's say that because of that approximately 5% of all your ads are winning ads. Now, if you're testing 30 ads per week, that means that 1.5 ads of those will turn out to be winning ads that can actually scale your brand. Now, if you also have one or two ads burn out every single uh week, you're stagnating. If you have three ads burning out every single week, then you're actually scaling down. Let's take this and compare this to someone who's only testing 10 ads per week. All those are all highly intentional, you know exactly what you're testing and why. You analyze them, and you feed this into your next ad creation. This is exactly my approach when testing ads, and this allows me to have a hit rate of 20 to 40% on most brands we work on. So, if we just assume a hit rate of 30% 10 ads, [music] that gives us three winning ads per week. You can see even though brand A is testing three eggs the amount of ads, brand B with only 10 ads per week has a double amount of winners per week and scales faster. And this is really something you want to dial in because as long as you're just testing as many ads as possible, hoping that something hits, as long as you're doing that, you're just gambling and hoping something will improve. And this might work for a while, but if you want predictable growth, you need to switch from that system to a system of intentionality, where you know exactly who you target, why you target them, and what the next steps are based on your learnings. So, the second big misconception is audience targeting. It worked quite well many years ago, like 2018. It's almost 10 years ago if I think about it. But basically, the way you utilize this is you find a winning ad, then you just put this winning ad into new ad sets. You duplicate the ad set, you change the audience, you set some new interest tags, or you [music] test a specific audience, or maybe a look-alike, a custom audience. And then, if you're lucky, this is a new audience that the creative will go out to. And because the ad is already proven and now shown to another audience that also converts, [music] you get more scale in the ad accounts. Now, this strategy is completely dead. And the brands [music] that still rely on that are really just focusing their resources on the wrong thing. If you're struggling to scale, it's it's not about the settings you're using to launch your ads in 98% of all cases. It's really as simple as launching your ads on a broad audience. The Facebook algorithm will take your ad, and then it will just match with the people that naturally resonate with it. Just think of it like an organic post. If you post organically, do you set interest tags? Do you set look-alikes? You do none of that. Still, there are videos that are getting millions of views. Why is that the case? Well, it's the case because Meta is simply looking Okay, what's the message of this video? How is it packaged? Okay, [music] this video appeals to women that are like 25 to 35, have a child, and [music] don't have enough time for their life, let's say, right? Okay, so we match this video with exactly this audience. It's >> as simple as that. And if you're thinking oh, you can media buy hack some special audiences and unlock them, it's simply false. It was a strategy many years ago, now it's not. So, if your ads are not scaling, it's not about what settings should I change, it's about what ads can I make that will actually scale. I want you to take this as the second big lesson from this video. Just laser into your brain the ad creative does the targeting. [music] It's not the ad settings, it's the ad creative. It's what you say on the ad creative. So, if you want to appeal to an elderly audience, you just call out whatever their concern is. If [music] you want to appeal to Gen Z, you just call out whatever their concerns, and you package that into formats that resonate with them. So, for example, for an older audience, a newsletter style ad might work well. For a younger audience, a Yuppie ad might work well. As with every test you run, you want to be sure who you target, and you want to use very specific language that targets exactly those people, and that way you scale. Not by taking the proven message and just launching it with different settings. In fact, that's even counterproductive. But, instead, if you have an ad that appeals to a female audience, and now you want to take the same angle and also sell [music] to men, then you simply do not change the setting to men, but instead, you just use a message that resonates with men, and recreate the ad. All right, misconception number three is something that became big since the Andromeda update, and again, this is a misunderstanding of the update, just like with the creative volume. People get told something like with the audience targeting, "Oh, Meta is actually very smart. It figures it out by itself. So, just set the audience to broad." [music] But, some people take this too literal. They take all their ads, and they say, [music] "Meta will figure it out." And they put everything into one ad set, and then they're just hoping and praying. Again, this is not what the update was about. Yes, Meta will figure out the right audience for you, but it's not a free ticket to launch random ads into one ad set and just hope and pray that something will hit. If you want to do that, the casino's a better place to do so. Instead, you want to utilize ad sets to support you deriving learnings from your ad. This is where actual split testing strategy comes into play. I'm sure you're aware that any concept you prepare, you have different ways of executing it. And this is exactly what you should do here. Instead of launching your ads just randomly into one ad set, you want to utilize ad sets to structure a split test of your idea. So, if you have a specific idea, so let's say you want to test a fondue style ad, then film three different hooks that go into three different angles or resonate with three different audiences that you think will get [music] hooked and watch this video, and execute the rest of the ad the same way, and launch all of those in just one ad set. Now, if you run them, Meta will spend on one of them the most budget, not on all of them. And this will tell you, "Hey, this angle, this hook is actually resonating with your audience the most." And what's genius about this is that your ad doesn't even need to be a winning ad. It can be a losing ad, but because you know, "Oh, like most of the budget goes to version A," you know that this resonates most with your audience. So, you know that in your next ideation, you should go into that direction. And this is what people mean by Meta is smart. Not just throw everything into one ad set and just turn off your brain, but if Meta prefers one ad, then this ad is very likely resonating. And you should do more with this angle. You should do more with this audience. You should do more with this kind of ad format. Now, if you're still not sure how such a split testing version would look like, this is how it looks like. Here we have a video for the drain fly killing product, but the hooks go into three different angles. One is problem agitation, one is failed solutions, and the third one is the limiting belief angle. I'll just play the video so you get an idea. >> Ever notice how those flies keep coming back even after you've deep cleaned the kitchen? Drain flies breed in the organic sludge that builds up deep inside your pipes. Even if you scrub your kitchen spotless, they're going to keep coming back because you're not removing the breeding ground. And homemade hacks, like boiling water, vinegar, baking soda, they only work on the surface. That sludge stays trapped. The flies keep breeding and suddenly they're everywhere. That's where >> It's fast [music] act. So, this is how the ad works overall. Then, of course, we have USB, CTA, and so on. But, the hook goes into problem identification. If you remember, it was about deep cleaning the kitchen and the flies are still coming back. Now, the second video is about failed solutions. >> Boiling water, vinegar, bleach, none of it works to get rid of the pesky flies in your kitchen and bathroom. And here's why. Drain flies breed in the organic >> If you already remember, it continues in the same way, right? And then, the third version going into false beliefs. >> Those annoying little flies buzzing around your kitchen, they're not coming from your trash or fruit basket. They're living inside your pipes. Drain flies breed in >> And then, it continues in the same way. So, this is an example of such a split test, and you want to run one split test in each ad set. This way, you can derive learnings and then feed it into your next ideation. Very, very crucial. This is literally what ad sets are for right now. Otherwise, if you just run everything in one ad set and literally put everything in there, why even have ad sets? It would make sense only have a campaign and ads inside, and why even have ad sets? But, this is exactly what ad sets are for, so use them. For the next common misconception since Andromeda is creative diverse. People say, "Oh, now you need creative diversity." So, brands go and search for people that can film them podcast style ads, street interview ads. They search for static ad AI agencies, or maybe they build their own static creative system. They try to collect all those different creative formats. Now, technically speaking, yes, this is exactly what you should do for Andromeda. But, the problem is that while you try to collect all of them, most of the time they get produced by different people. They don't communicate enough, and then you have a very different message in all of them. And you need to understand that every person who converts on maybe people who convert, they don't convert after seeing the first ad. They watch maybe one, two, three, four ads, and then they convert. And if you have different ad formats that are inconsistent in their messaging [music] and the angle. It will go to completely different people and you don't really have a well-working funnel, right? A well-working funnel is when you have one educational top of funnel ad. Then they go and watch a raw testimonial video, which builds trust. And then they see an offer ad. And then they buy, right? So, they go through the whole journey, top of funnel, middle of funnel, bottom of funnel. This is exactly what your funnel should look like and this is why creative diversity is important. But, the key part about it is that you shouldn't just have as many ads as possible, as many different and diverse ads as possible, but they should all be consistent and well-engineered, basically like propaganda. Countries have huge budgets that brands can only dream of to create propaganda. And how do they convey this propaganda? They have different formats. They have different channels. They use TV. They use newsletters. They use independent creators that post on Twitter and Instagram. And this is their full funnel approach. This is how they convince you of a thing that's maybe not true. Well, now we don't have as huge budgets, but if you actually run a proper brand, our benefit is that it is actually true what we are saying and we just need to plan out a good funnel structure. So, you should have street interview ads, podcast-style ads, raw talking ads, UGC ads, AI ads, but they should be all consistent in their messaging. You should be thinking, "Okay, first the first person will see this video, then this, then this, then they will convert." Of course, you can't really predict what will happen, but a good approach is that whenever you find a winning core message, right? And again, this is why it's crucial that you actually analyze your ads and make hypotheses about why they're performing. As soon as you find a winning >> core message, you want to take this message and repackage it into multiple different formats. So, if you have, for example, an ad calling out cheap competitors and that's a static ad and it says, "Beware of imitations" and there's the headline, and then you go through three bullet points what your competitors don't have and what you do better, and that's the reason why they should go for your product, then next make a video about it. Make a mashup video where you literally use the same headline as the hook and then go through the three bullet points like a listical style ad. And that ad is so likely to perform, you can't believe it. We have a hit rate of more than 50% on such ads. And that is what is meant by creative diversity. So, once you analyze exactly what is working, right? Let's say the core message is the working thing. Then you repackage it into many different formats. If you analyze and find, "Huh, this format is the working variable, actually. This is what boosts the core message." Then just go and prepare this format for all other angles that are also performing. And this is how you actually create consistent creative diversity that enriches the funnel and doesn't work against each other. And now, another big misconception that links actually directly to this creative diversity thing is AI ads. Many people think that, "Oh, AI ads are performing so well. I just should leverage them. Or they are so cheap. Now, the future is to only pump out AI ads." That's actually not quite true. AI ads is just one of the formats that is performing well, and it is a new format. So, if you take your core message that is proven >> and package it into a 3D character animation AI ad, it's very likely to perform because it's very entertaining. It has a proven message, and it is a new format. So, this new format will find its new audience and convert those people. This is how the Android update works. Now, is the reason that they perform that it is an AI ad? Well, maybe partially because it's kind of entertaining, but the core thing is still the message. And AI ads are just another format. So, yes, have AI ads. It's one format, but don't ever think, "Oh, no, it's all about AI ads. Now, I can go full in. Now, I can fire all my content creators." No, that's not true. It's just one ad type. It's just one format. [music] So, you want to definitely leverage them as well, but don't rely on them. So, those are the things you want to be focusing on since the Android update. This is the strategy that works, and that we are literally using right now to scale multiple brands past 1 million per month, and some of them close to 3 and 4 million per month. You want to set up one main campaign, have multiple ad sets, and each ad set represents one split test of a specific hypothesis that you thought of before and set up to split test a specific thing. You launch them on broad targeting. You don't set any audience crap. You derive learnings from every single ad set >> and as soon as you find something winning, you take it and repackage it into as many ad formats as possible. This is literally the game plan. There's no other secret, no other no other secret setting, no other audience that will scale only this executed very well and at a high level. Now, if you want me to go and execute this for your brand, click the first link in the description. This is exactly what I do for brands that want to scale to seven or eight figures. But also, if you yourself want to learn more about what changes and revenue that brought with it and how exactly you should be running those split tests that I mentioned in this video, check out this video. I've explained it there in even more detail. Keep scaling. Bye-bye.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Wumiii-z4l: Would love to see more videos from you on how to create winning ads using AI

- Meta Ads Campaign Strategy 2026 | Latest Facebook Ads Algorithm Explained | ASSET | NSDA | Part:01: Kind: captions Language: en Welcome everyone to one of your special classes under our Digital Mastery Program, Digital Marketing for Freelancing Level Three Asset Project. Hope you are all doing very well. So, as a continuation of the classes we have completed on social media marketing, today we will learn how to create a Business Manager account to run a Facebook Meta Ads campaign. Yes. So let's take a look at what a Business Manager account actually is. Next, we will see practically how to create the account. So what we call boosting is boosting. Everyone knows the word boost. But many people don't know what the Meta Aids campaign is. Blocks the light. So, meta ads campaigns are one of the most popular marketing strategies today. Paid marketing strategy, which is called premium service, is called on kind of okay, so what do we do to create this Business Manager account? What we have to do is that in the starting state, we have to login to our personal account. What to do, what to do with the personal Facebook account? If you do n't log in, it won't work. Okay, what should I do first? Log in to your personal Facebook account. Give it a new tab. After that, type here: business.com Where are you going? Go to settings. Go and press Enter. Well, when we go to the settings of Business.com, you will notice that it takes us to our Business Manager, right? Actually, the Business Manager account is a tool from Facebook's Meta company that is a helpful tool for developing businesses. And it is such a powerful tool that if you think that you have 10 businesses, 10 pages for your business, 10 Instagram profiles, or 10 hops, you can control all of them from the same place. How can it be controlled? For example, if 10 people on your 10 pages send messages to 10 pages, you can reply from one place. No need to switch between 10 accounts or 10 pages. Isn't that right ? Time is being saved and at the same time it is seen that you can operate all these businesses from just a single platform, such as boosting meta campaigns, which we call campaigns, you can set up campaigns, create posts, publish posts, that means you need to know how to use these tools. Let's see, since we are learning premium marketing strategies, what do we have to do for social media marketing? We have to create this Business Manager account. Okay, so today I mean, this is for me. I told you that there is a limit. I ca n't create many at a time. You can create only one. If you create more than one, it will be restricted. Okay, now what we will do is, on your behalf, which person will do it. I will give him the link. He will be connected. I will create him from here with his access. What do we do? Where do we go? Let's see. Buy I am double businessfacebook.com/ Now I will go to the settings, right? Settings cannot be misspelled. SE DoubleT ING SE will go to these settings. If you click OK, a window will appear in front of you that says Creator Business Portfolio in Business Manager. Okay? The business account name matches the public name of your business. Willby Visibles Facebook It contains special characters. That means it will be visible. Will be shown. It says that special characters cannot be used here. Then we will open a Business Manager account in that person's name. What is your name? Say short name. So, is this world okay? Is this coming coming coming, is this world given? I can provide AJ technology. I can give AJ Digital. Since we will be doing digital marketing related work, I will give it the name AJ Digital. What I gave AJ Digital is here. You have to write the name neatly according to your NID or passport and driving license. Whatever is in the NID, Mohammad Mosammad, whatever is there, tell me the name according to your NID. I will give you an email here. Yes. Here you can also provide your Facebook registered email address or log in to a Google account in advance in the tab you are working on. So we are asking, is this account logged in? Yes. I copied it. Although the email here is called a business email. You don't have a business email. So we can use this as a business. After entering, we will click submit. A confirmation email will be sent to you. I will right click. Then I'll move on to email. I will open Gmail. From here we have the Facebook Social icon. Yes, you see it coming. Confirm your business email address. Go here. Confirm here. Confirm now. What do we have to do? Okay, we created this dashboard. Have you ever seen it like this? I mean, did you know that there is such a dashboard on Facebook? There are many, many options in this dashboard. Basically, you can get everything you need for premium paid marketing to develop a business. And from here, we will run the Meta Ads campaign. Okay, the Meta Ads campaign is basically boosting or boosting. What do we call what the general public calls boosting ? Campaign Campaign. Campaign Meta Aids Campaign. AIDS Campaign. Okay? Facebook Meta Ads Campaign. So after we create this and verify it, there are many options on the left, right? How do we keep this? I will bookmark it. Of course. This is the thing that maximum students will make mistakes about. I know this dashboard wo n't find it. So what should you do here? Bookmark it. For example, I'm bookmarking his assessment right now. What will he do now that the assessment is in progress? Just go for an assessment. Sorry, what are you doing here in the name of assessment again ? Upside down things. This is in the new folder, yes, assessment, then Meta is doing so much trouble, Metas, here is Meta Business Suite, if you go to Meta Business Suite here, you will find it in the direct dashboard, it is in this dashboard. Our main task is basically what we will do from this dashboard, we will be able to create pages, to run ads, we have to create an ad account, okay, we are basically doing our work today is only to create the Business Manager account and notice that it is showing active here, it is showing active, so you will do this work now and

  Top Comments:
  1. @jonathandmrk: good

- Facebook Ads Bidding Strategy Explained | Stop Wasting Money (2026 Guide): Kind: captions Language: en Hello guys, welcome to another video and in today's video we will discuss the budding type of Facebook. This is going to be a very important video. It is very important for you to understand how Facebook's budding system works. If you are already running a campaign on Facebook or are thinking of doing so, then it is very important for you to know about budding. Right? [Music] First of all in this video we will see what exactly is budding? What does budding mean? Then we will see how many ways your budding takes place ? What type of bidding is [music]? What are the major types of bidding that should be used within Facebook? And based on my personal experience, I will give you some recommendations here as to what things you can do to increase the performance of your campaign. Budding has a direct impact on your campaign. Ok? Or whenever you design any campaign, it is very important to choose the right bidding strategy. If you have put everything in place in all the campaigns you have created. Like you have created very good creatives. The targeting is very good. [Music] But budding, you make the wrong choice and your entire campaign performance could suffer. [Music] So today's tutorial is going to be about exactly what budding is. How does budding work? [Music] The video is going to be very important. So watch the video till the end. Now if I talk about what is budding first of all brother? Ok? So here it is exactly written the maximum amount of money you are willing to pay to show your ads to a potential customer. [Music] An amount you're willing to pay to showcase your product, your service, to a potential customer. Ok ? We call it budding. [Music] What happens inside Facebook's system that whenever you run an ad, what do you have to put inside the ad? Some amount has to be invested. For example, you invested ₹100. Now, with this ₹100 that you have invested, how many potential customers can you reach with your ad? Ok ? So what does Facebook do? When you make any campaign live, it makes it participate in an auction. Auction means that brother, what other advertisers would be doing for products like yours? Must be advertising. Like I say advertiser one is done. This became advertiser two and this became advertiser three. These three are also promoting the same type of product and your ad is also running on Facebook. [MUSIC] So what will Facebook do? The ads of these three and your ad will participate in an auction. The minimum amount you need to participate in the auction is called bidding. If you have kept your budding amount very minimum and their budding amount is more than your budding amount then [music] it is very obvious that their ads will win in the auction. And then Facebook will not count your ad. So, it is very important for you to choose the right budding strategy. Ok? This is your budding. Let me revise it once again that there is a maximum amount where you can participate in the auction so that your product reaches the potential customers. We call that same price or that same system budding. [MUSIC] Right? Now it is important for us to understand how budding works. So, [music] budding has an exact formula. What is a formula? This is where the total value is. Total value refers to how your ad is valued. There are three parameters running inside it. The first parameter that runs is your advertiser bud. [Music] Then comes your estimated action rate and the third parameter is your user value or the quality of your ad. Now let me explain these. Advertiser BUD simply means how much money you are willing to pay? How much can you invest inside Facebook [Music]? That's your advertiser bud. What the estimated action rate does is measure how likely Facebook thinks a specific user is to take the action you want. Whatever money you invest, how will Facebook think that for example, what are you investing here with this money ? I am investing ₹200. Ok ? Now [music] how will Facebook think that brother, for this ₹200, to whom should I show your ads or to which audience should I show your ads who can take action on your ad. Your action can be anything. Like can also be a click, can also be a buy , can also be a sign up, right? Could be a lead. So, depending on your product and service, you will need action on your ad accordingly. So, in whatever advertiser bud you place, Facebook will decide which type of audience should I show your campaign to so that that audience can take action on your ad after seeing it. It's [music] done estated action rate. Then comes the user value or ad quality [music], whether the creative you created or the video you made is right? It is relevant to the user. The [music] way your audience is watching your ad is related to your product or not. [Music] These are all things that play a role in budding within your advertising. Ok? So if you have worked on these three parameters. [Music] If you can perform these three parameters very well or optimize these three parameters, then your Facebook bidding will start working very well. [Music] what are the things that impact ad quality, then there are basically three things [Music] here, one is that to maintain your ad quality, your creative should be very strong. After that, how is your landing page experience being generated. For example, a user clicked on your ad and went to your landing page [music]. If the landing page structure is not correct. Here the content is not written in a flow. What will happen if you do not take the content in the right direction from a marketing point of view? The user's experience with your landing page will be spoiled. This user will come and read your content and exit from here. Your important action like getting a lead or purchasing a product will not be performed. So the landing page experience is one of the most important parameters in ad quality. And then comes the landing page speed, what is the speed of your landing page opening? If you have a slow landing page, it is obvious that the user will not spend much time on your ad or wait for your landing page to open. So what can you do with these three parameters ? What can you do to improve the experience of your landing page, the quality of your ads ? You can improve. Right? Now we understand how Bhai Bing works. You have to keep this formula in mind that brother advertiser bud is important for us. Ok? You have to set a minimum sufficient budget. If I talk about sufficient budget, then the eligibility amount is ₹84 on Facebook, so that your ads become eligible to get placement for display. But if you run any minimum campaign here, then keep a budget of ₹1, ₹150 or ₹200 so that it can participate properly in the auction and your ad can be seen above the maximum placement. Ok? What will Facebook do with the money you invest within the estimated action rate? Will get your ad to the right audition. If this money is less then your reach will be less. Ok ? Reach means your ad will reach maximum number of people. If the reach is less then there will be less action on your ad. So if you want to perform a decent amount of action etc. then Advertiser Bud plays a very important role for you. All these things are not correlated with each other. That is why I have mentioned this formula here so that you can clearly understand that if you skip any one of these parameters or leave any of them loose, then what will happen to the rest of your things? They will get spoiled. [MUSIC] Okay? So this is how we understood how our budding works. Now if we talk here about types of budding, how many types of budding are there? So here generally two types of budding take place. One is automated bidding and the other is manual bidding. If I talk about automated budding here, then what happens in automated budding ? Who controls all the campaigns you run under automated bidding ? It is in the hands of Facebook. Or you can say that Bha is in the hands of Meta. [MUSIC] The algorithm of meta, right? He will play that entire ad as per his own accord. There you get some things to change. The rest of the maximum settings that are done in the back end are done by Facebook or Meta and your campaign performs on that basis. This is your automated bidding. What exactly happens in manual bidding ? With manual bidding, you have control over everything. You can define the cost of your click yourself. Which we call CPC. What can you do here? You can define the cost of CPA yourself. So you set everything manually. So, if you want complete control in your hands then you will work on manual bidding. Now when you are running your campaign for the first time , you do not know anything, you do not know the data, what is the cost of my CPC, what is the cost of CPA, then it is better that brother, in the beginning, you work on automated budding for some time. what can you do with your campaign? You can shift to manual bidding. [MUSIC] Right? So these are the two main buddings. This is a type, a process. Ok? Some of your budding is used within these processes. We are going to see here which are the main buds. [MUSIC] Okay? So what do I do here? I will open them once. These are four types of budding. Like first of all is your highest volume. What basically happens inside the highest volume ? How does Highest Volume work? We see that. Its main purpose is simple when you run a campaign. Ok? So what will he focus on? When you choose this budding strategy, the Facebook ad will try to bring you maximum results. Your results can be anything. You want to know what's on my ad? More and more clicks came. [MUSIC] Okay? Whatever amount I am investing, ₹100, ₹200, I should get maximum clicks within that. You should get as many impressions as possible. I should have maximum awareness. [MUSIC] Okay? So what did this basically become? These are your results on which you are focusing. Whatever amount you invest, whatever ad spend you make , if you want to try to get maximum results or you want to get maximum results, what can you do for that? You can work at the highest volume. This one is beginner friendly. Ok ? And it is mostly used for top of the funnel audience. Top of the funnel audiences are those who will see your ad for the first time and interact with it for the first time. And [MUSIC] The goal of this is just above maximum volume. As I told you, if you want maximum clicks then you can use this. You need as many impressions as possible. You need maximum awareness. If you want to get more traffic to my website then you can use this. So what is the highest volume? There is a beginner friendly budding strategy that we use when we are starting our first campaign or running our first campaign. Ok? We have no idea what kind of audience will interact with my ad. [Music] What are their interaction numbers, how many clicks, how many impressions. So, what is the suggestion that you can do? You can run your campaign [music] at your highest volume. Right? After that, the matter comes to the cosper result goal here. Now the simple purpose of Cosper Result Gold is that brother, you know your numbers. Ok? You have been running your campaign for a very long time. Let's assume that you ran an ad on Facebook and it has been 20 days since you started running this ad. Ok? Now within 20 days some insights would have been generated for you. Insight means you will know how much a click is costing me. If you are running an e-commerce campaign, how much CPA are you getting? How much is your customer acquisition cost? Ok? How much is the cost of the impression? Ok? And what is your name? If you know the data of such insights then you can control them. What do you need to do to control it? To achieve a better result, you will have to use goal building strategy. If we look at it generally, what is it basically? There's a manual budding strategy [music]. Ok? This is a manual budding strategy. In this manual binding strategy, in a campaign that you ran 20 days ago, you saw that the cost of each click was going to be ₹10. For example, now you say that the cost of ₹10 is too expensive for me. So what can I do? I can shift this campaign to a cost per result goal. What happens once I shift the result goal to the cost inside it ? I can define the cost of a click within this campaign as per my convenience. What was the CPC cost when my campaign was running according to the highest volume? ₹10. [Music] Now I tell Facebook, brother, I do n't want a click for less than ₹10. I want it for under ₹8. What will Facebook do once you shift your campaign to a cost-per-result goal? It will try to get you clicks within your ₹8. Now there is no guarantee here that what is the name Facebook? I will definitely give you clicks within ₹8. [MUSIC] Okay? In the case of clicks, we can say that if there is a general action, people will do it. But if your objective is that I want leads or I want sales, then when you shift the sales or lead campaign to cost per result goal, then in that case there is no guarantee that whatever cost of lead you have put in CPA here or whatever cost of sale you have put in CPA, you will get very good results. Ok? So that's why you start your campaign, what do you do for 20 days [music] or 25 days? Analyze it. When your campaign reaches a linear position. You should know how much one lead is being generated for me. For example, it is being generated for ₹50. Then if the next person spends ₹50, what will I get? You will get the second lead. My CPL cost is not going above ₹50. So what will happen in that case ? You can cut it down. With whose help? Cost per [music] result with the help of gold. So in that case, your cost per result will be very good as gold will work for you. Okay? But you don't know your numbers. You don't know how much the lead is costing me. What is my acquisition cost? Ok? For how much rupees is one order being generated for me? We never recommend that you run your campaigns on Direct CPA. So if you know your campaign data, you know the numbers, you know the business numbers, what can you do with them? You can very easily shift your campaign to the cosmic goal and get great results from there [music]. Ok? Then in this comes the cam budding type, your bud cap. [MUSIC] Okay? Now this is very advanced media, it is used for buyers. We hardly use it. What do we basically do in this? For placement [music] we fix a minimum amount that my ad should be shown to people. Ok? For that I can pay ₹50 bud cost here. Ok? Now I have increased the BDC cap to ₹50. Now Facebook may find this ₹50 less. So, [music] when Facebook sees this ₹50 as less, Facebook won't show your ad on different placements. Likes will not show on Facebook feed, they will not show on Instagram. So what happens to the maximum control here? It becomes very strict [music]. If you do n't know how much my budding is costing. Ok? And at what [music] price am I able to participate in the option , then in that case you should never use bidcap. [Music] So here's what you can do when you have a lot of experience. You can use BDCP. Who becomes a senior media buyer who knows a lot of data. Those who know that if I run this type of campaign then I will need this much minimum amount for the participation in my option. So what do they do? Can work on mid cap. Rest of the beginners should never work on mid cap. Otherwise what will you do? You will lose maximum placement and your potential customers. Ok? One, budding type comes in this, your maximum and minimum ROS. Ok? We mostly use minimum ROS for e-commerce campaigns, like brother, I had run a campaign. I had invested ₹500 in it. By investing ₹500, I generated a revenue of ₹2000. Ok? [Music] So here's what I call ROES, ROES stands for Return on Ads Spend, how much money I'm spending and how much revenue I'm generating from it. So the roes I have are gone about four times. 4x We can say that brother invested ₹500 and generated revenue of ₹2000 from ₹200. So what we can say here is that I have generated four times the revenue. Now you say that I need a minimum [music] revenue of 6x from this campaign, that when I invest ₹500, I should generate a revenue of ₹3000 here. So what will Facebook do when you give 6x? It will try to achieve this 6x revenue growth. But there is no guarantee in anyone because these are algorithm based things. Ok? If you find the right audience for your product, it may give you better ROS than 6x, but your audience is not of that type. The audience is watching your ad. The price of the product is very expensive. So there are a lot of multiple parameters that lead to your Roess effect. Ok? So we [music] try to achieve this much. So its main focus is on profit. There is no question of number of sales here. Here the matter of profit is that if I am generating revenue of ₹3000 by investing ₹500 [music] then my revenue has increased 6x. Now from 6x I can calculate my profitability very easily. I can run my campaign profitably. So these are the main four budding strategies. Ok? Which you can use in your campaign. But when should we use which [music] budding strategy? Hardly we see two [music] budding strategies being used more in the meta system inside Facebook. One budding strategy is your highest volume and one budding strategy is your cost per result gold. Ok? These two are more useful for you. The rest is your wish. If you want to use BDCP, you can. But I will never suggest it to you. When you have a good amount of experience. You run campaigns and so on within Metaides [Music] for several years. What can you do after that ? [Music] You can use it and Minimum Rows works more within the e-commerce segment. So if I give you a recommendation, I have noted two things here within the recommendation, what is in the recommendation [music] that you can do? You can start your campaign with the highest volume. Starting with the highest volume means that whatever amount you give [music] for example, if you give ₹100, what will Facebook do? [Music] will try to give you the highest results within ₹100. So as a beginner this is the best option. [MUSIC] When you know your numbers. Ok? Once you know the cost of clicks, the cost of CPA , the cost per lead , the cost of impressions, then where can you shift your campaign ? Cost per result above goal. [MUSIC] That's what it says here. Once you know your average cost per result after a few weeks of running aids, you can switch to a cost per result goal. So when you need to cut down your marketing costs and the insights that you're generating or the metrics, and now I have a slab here where my cost per click is n't going above this, then what you can do is [music] you can shift to the cost per result goal. So these are two recommendations. First you start with the highest volume. What can you do here after starting at the highest volume? You can shift your campaign towards a cost-per-result goal. Now let me show you where you will get these options. So you will go inside your Ads Manager and open Simple Ad Manager. [Music] After opening it, when you create any campaign, like for example, I create a campaign here. Ok? And here I create traffic campaign. I selected the traffic objective. Continue manual campaign from here. Let's continue from here. [MUSIC] What am I supposed to do here? I will go simple. Look here below you will find an option Campaign Bud Strategy. Ok? You can edit it here. The highest volume has arrived which I told you is best for everyone as a beginner. Ok? After that, cost per result goal, what did you do here, first you ran the campaign cost on the highest volume, you got it inside, you got to know your metrics, now if you want to shift it, what can you do, you can come here and change it, what happens sometimes, when you create a campaign, you are not given the option to change it here Okay, if this is a running campaign and you cannot change your cost per result goal here, then what will you have to do, you will have to duplicate your campaign, same [Music] you duplicate a campaign and what will you choose as budding strategy, cost per result goal, okay when [Music] you select cost per result goal here and when you go next from here, then what do you have to do here, you have to give your cost per result goal, at this point you will come that brother, in the campaign that I had run earlier, my cost per click was coming to ₹10, now I want that my ad should be visible to people and my cost per click should be under ₹8 Come. So what can you do with this approach? You can enter the result code [music] here at cost. This error will go away automatically in a short while. Ok? So here, when you want to change your budding strategy, you will change that too by coming above the adset level and you will have to pay the price of your cosper result goal here. Ok? In this way you get an option here. Here you will go down, click on it and here you will get an option Other bcdcap. The same bidcap option has arrived. [MUSIC] Okay? Simply you will continue it. After continuing, you will get the option here again. So I told you that whatever is the minimum cost of your budding [music] inside the option, you want to cap that. You can donate. But for this you will need a lot of experience. So starting [music] with the highest volume or cos per result goal, first you start your campaign with the highest volume and then after that you can shift to cos per result goal. I hope you liked this video.

- Facebook Marketing Strategy 2026 | From Facebook Beginner to EXPERT In One Video!: Kind: captions Language: en facebook is easily the biggest and most important social media network available right now with almost 3 billion users you simply can't afford to ignore the powerhouse that is the facebook empire but what's even more exciting isn't just the number of users that facebook has but the tools that facebook gives you in order to reach and to market to its users from pages to groups to messenger to ads and so much more facebook really is a one-stop marketing shop and nothing else even comes close not even a little and when you understand how to use the tools that facebook gives you in order to reach your clients or your customers right where they are right now you'll never go hungry for leads customers or sales again so let's get to it facebook first came out in 2004 but it was in 2009 that it officially became the most popular social media platform in the world and it hasn't stopped growing since this is why whether you're a business owner an entrepreneur a marketer or even an employee that works for a business you simply can't afford to ignore facebook but knowing that facebook marketing is important to your business and knowing what tools are available and how to use them well those are two completely different things and that's why in this episode i'm gonna break down the different ways to use facebook to reach your audience grow your business and make more sales we'll start with the easiest and we'll move progressively through the list of options getting to the more complicated and more advanced strategies the beauty of facebook is that there really is something here for everyone whether you're first getting started marketing your business on facebook or whether you've been at this game for years so let's kick things off with one of the easiest and also one of my favorite ways to market yourself and your business on facebook which is the facebook personal page when most people think about facebook the personal page is normally the first thing that comes to mind in fact the general public people outside of marketing and outside of business well they're normally not even familiar with all of the other options that facebook gives you maybe aside from messenger and the odd facebook ad that pops up on their newsfeed to them the facebook personal page is facebook your facebook personal page is the main page that you see when you first log in it's what you signed up for it's typically your name and it's the page you use to connect with friends or with family it's not your business page you can't run ads through it it's just there but here's the deal it's also one of the most effective ways to connect with your network and to build your business and here's why first especially if you're just getting started in business it is incredibly important that your friends and your family know what you do after all word of mouth and getting referrals are incredibly powerful ways to build up your business but for them to refer you they need to know what you do after all people can't buy from you if they don't know that you exist or in this case people can't buy from you if they do know you exist but don't know that you have a business i learned this lesson personally years ago the hard way when i accidentally created content on my personal page that i meant for my business page and all of my friends and my family chimed in and they were asking questions about marketing and they had no idea that i was doing marketing now at the time i was telling myself that i didn't want to spam my friends and spam my family with my business so i would keep it separate this was a huge mistake the reality is is you can post strategically and carefully on your personal page about your business without spamming without being sleazy or salesy just let people know what you do the other reason that makes your personal facebook page just so effective really comes down to the almighty facebook algorithm which is essentially the system behind what facebook shows and to who it shows your stuff too well your facebook personal page is still one of the places that you have decent organic reach meaning you can create content on your personal page and it has a pretty good chance of getting shown to your friends and to your family alright moving on to the next tool that facebook gives you which is the facebook business page here's the deal with the facebook business page if you have a business you need a facebook business page period this is non-negotiable now the beauty of the facebook business page is that it gives you access to a whole new set of tools that just aren't available through your personal page like putting in your business address as well as running ads which we're going to talk about later unlike your personal page however which should be largely personal with a little bit of business your business page should be largely if not completely business now this doesn't mean being boring and it also doesn't mean hammering your audience with offer after offer trying to get them to buy something but it does mean keeping your content on key and largely business focused or business related or things that your customers or clients would find useful or interesting or valuable people that follow your personal page are going to be interested in you whereas people that follow your business page may be interested in you but they're probably more interested in what your business can do now when you first start a business page you're gonna have all of zero followers so you may be tempted to spend money on ads in order to build up your followers but to this uh i'd caution you first of all we saw this years ago when people spent a ton of money building up all of these followers for their business page only to have the facebook algorithm change and immediately destroy pretty much all of the reach that was coming from the page meaning let's say you had a hundred followers on your business page and you created content in the past maybe 50 or maybe even 60 people would see it well then they changed the algorithm and now two people would see it maybe five so all of this money that was spent on building up followers was largely wasted this is why a better approach is rather to try to build it up organically mention it through your website through your email newsletter and also let your facebook business page followers be a byproduct of any ads that you run again we'll talk about that in the future and by future i mean in just a minute but first facebook stories facebook stories are a fun and lighthearted and casual way to share kind of quick moments or behind the scenes goings-on of your business stories are vertical videos or pictures shot from your phone and they only last 24 hours the cool thing about stories is that they have stickers and effects and different emojis really just kind of have some fun with them when it comes to facebook stories the key really is just to use them and use them often once a day pretty much at least maybe even twice or three times or five times or ten times depending on your business depending on your market depending on your audience the great thing about stories though and why they really do need to be a part of your marketing is that they're a little more real a little more raw and a little more authentic they're also fast and fun really easy to make just grab your phone snap a quick picture shoot a quick video and pretty much done all right now let's talk about one of the most feared of all the facebook tools which is none other than facebook live facebook live just like instagram live or youtube live or any other live that's going to come out in the future is a live streaming platform meaning you can create live videos from your phone or from your desktop and broadcast them out either on your personal page or your business page or in any groups that you're a part of or own going live is a really effective way to show your true personality in a real and raw and authentic way after all it's like you can't edit that stuff out that's also why it freaks people out but your audience loves it you can go live from your phone or you can set up an entire live streaming studio from your desktop computer and go completely bananas the choice is totally up to you the point though here is that if you can find the courage to go live and don't be afraid to start small from your phone and work your way up from there if you can find the courage to do that it is an incredibly effective marketing tool alright now let's talk about facebook messenger facebook messenger gives you the ability to message people directly much like a text or sms but done directly through the facebook platform just like with the going live feature well you can do this through your personal page or through your business page there are some advantages to using your business page being that you can incorporate more software like a chat bot which can actually do some initial filtering and some initial heavy lifting of the conversation to sort and to segment and to guide people where they need to go there's also now the ability to message your instagram friends through facebook messenger because facebook owns instagram but we'll talk about that later too and by later i mean in just a minute the cool thing about messenger though isn't just the accessibility and the ability to message friends and family and clients and customers and things like that but also all of the tools and the features and the kind of nifty things that it gives you you can of course send emojis and stickers and gifs but you can also send audio messages as well as my personal favorite video messages most importantly though is to really put yourself in your customers or in your client's shoes being empathetic to the way that they want to communicate with you and with your business and a lot of people prefer messenger all right it's time to talk about facebook groups facebook groups are an incredibly powerful feature that facebook gives you to build a community of like-minded individuals around a certain topic or interest or business and there are facebook groups out there for pretty much everything you can think of like literally pretty much everything there's even a facebook group out there of people who all pretend to be ants in an ant colony and before you write this off as just a weird corner of the internet this facebook group of ant impersonators has nearly two million people now when it comes to marketing with facebook groups you have three different option one is a free facebook group the strategy behind creating your own free facebook group is essentially you create a group you don't charge anything for people to join and you use it to generate leads and foster connection and build engagement and rapport with members of your group free facebook groups can work amazingly well but they're very niche and market and industry specific so you want to be careful to make sure that your business best aligns with offering a free facebook group plus they take a ton of time and energy and careful strategy and planning to really make sure that they're working to the way they should you can't just toss up a free facebook group add a couple people in there and expect it to grow your business this is why i consider a free facebook group more of an intermediate strategy the next option is a paid facebook group now by paid facebook group i don't mean that you're paying facebook to have a group rather your members or your clients or your customers are paying you and as a benefit they get access to a group you can use this as a standalone membership community or you can use it as a value add to your current products or services the content strategy inside of a paid group is obviously quite different than that inside of a free group because people paid to be in there so it better be good the third option is other people's facebook groups and this is by far my least favorite strategy of all in fact i'd even go so far as to say i genuinely dislike this strategy now it did used to work quite a few years ago when facebook groups were still relatively new and not every single person had tried and spammed and really sleazed their way out of this strategy there's an expression that marketers ruin everything and it's kind of true because as soon as something works everybody does it and then it stops working well going into other people's facebook groups providing value bombs which were essentially just spammy sleazy salesy type posts and then trying to get people to direct message you to siphon off from the group again used to be an effective strategy but now just looks spammy and sleazy and salesy and people know what's going on so if anyone tells you that a great marketing strategy today is simply to sign up for everybody's free groups and then leave a ton of valuable comments or helpful posts and then slowly start siphoning off members for your own that's bad advice it makes you look salesy it makes you look sleazy and it makes you look needy none of which are good for business on the other hand if you genuinely care about the group about the business about the topic about the people inside then by all means create valuable content engage and respond be helpful and be useful but don't make this your primary marketing tool as a way to grow your business let any business boosting or networking or relationships that come from it be a nice secondary byproduct alright it's time to talk about facebook ads facebook ads are probably one of my favorite parts and favorite tools that to promote your business and one i've been using for the past decade but it wasn't till around 2013 where retargeting ads really came out that things really got effective anyway facebook ads even still to this day are still one of the most cost effective and strategic marketing uses available to you but what makes facebook ads so special isn't just the fact that they're giving you access to facebook's massive audience database but rather the targeting and the placements and the creative capabilities that you have to create really high converting ads facebook ads are great and you should absolutely be looking at them as a part of your marketing strategy however like all advertising they're not a magic bullet rather advertising facebook ads in this case are an accelerator meaning if you have a good and a good offer clear messaging an ideal target market that's really clearly defined well facebook ads are going to enable you to accelerate your business and amplify the results on the other hand if you have a questionable product or service or an unproven offer that just isn't converting well facebook ads are only going to make it fail faster this is why the key or the secret if you will to creating high converting facebook ads always comes back to the basics always comes back to strategy first you need to clearly identify who exactly it is that you're trying to reach their demographic details like what's their age and their gender and their income and their occupation their geographic details like what city or state or province or country they live in and most importantly at least when it comes to facebook what are their psychographic details like their values and their attitudes and their lifestyles what other pages do they like what other interests do they have what other groups are they a part of then you need to dive even deeper and try to figure out your markets biggest pains and problems and fears and frustrations so you can craft effective ad messaging and effective ad copy that speaks directly to these pains it's only then that you get to decide where you want your facebook ad to appear and what you want it to look like admittedly it's kind of complicated stuff but learning it and getting it right is an absolute game changer for your business alright now let's move on to some of the lesser lesser-known facebook marketing tools which while aren't necessarily huge right now they could be in the future so they're worth learning about paying attention to the first of which is facebook watch facebook watch is a feature that you may or may not have even heard of facebook watch is kind of like facebook's version of youtube but without the cool search features and only available to some people but it's also kind of like netflix cause it has its own original shows but it's also still on facebook so it's kind of like facebook basically facebook watch is still kind of hard to categorize regardless it's worth paying attention to because anything facebook does is worth paying attention to after all it's hard to say when they're going to open up access to more creators and what kind of reach and what kind of exposure they're going to permit other businesses to have but at least for now unless you're a massive business with a multi-million dollar marketing budget it's probably best just to be aware of it but then leave it alone next up facebook portal facebook portal is facebook's version of a smart video conference device essentially it lets you live video chat with your facebook friends does have some other cool features though like letting you listen to music or check your front door or look through your photos from a business perspective however it's tough to say how or when this will be fully incorporated that said it does let you do video calls from messenger or whatsapp so you could use it to connect with your clients or your customers and you can use portal's camera to go live so if you want to do a facebook live you've got that option what's cool though and what's more interesting is facebook portal's use of ar or augmented reality which gives you some pretty cool and pretty interesting features which right now are available on the portal but may soon be incorporated into other facebook products and speaking of ar augmented reality let's take a look at vr virtual reality and facebook's move into that world with oculus facebook acquired oculus which produces virtual reality headsets back in 2014 for 2.3 billion dollars so clearly they believe in the future of virtual reality that said we're still a long way away from virtual reality vr becoming a part of our everyday lives i mean just think about how many people you know that spend at least an hour a day using virtual reality technology i'm willing to bet not many maybe not maybe one but that doesn't mean that it's not going to become a more dominant and more relevant technology in the future so again it's worth knowing about and paying attention to for now though unless you've got that multi-million dollar marketing budget again probably worth paying attention to and being aware of but putting it on the back burner alright so up to this point we've covered the big ones the products and services that facebook has to offer that you can use to craft the perfect facebook marketing strategy but we're not quite done yet because there's still a couple more platforms you need to be aware of if you truly want to dominate the facebook platform and here's the deal we've covered a lot so far but facebook has over 40 different products and services crazy eh but i really want to make this clear you do not and should not use them all rather you want to be careful and strategic and highly selective about the tools about the products about the services that best align with you your business your customers and your goal use the best ignore the rest sounds like a tagline so with that said here's a couple more facebook services that i really want to draw to the front of your mind to make sure you're paying attention to you're probably already familiar with them but it's important to understand that they fall under the facebook umbrella the first off is instagram from facebook yes facebook owns instagram meaning if you want to run an instagram ad you need to do it through the facebook ads manager plus many of the algorithm changes we've seen with facebook well they largely apply to instagram as well yes they're different platforms and they have a different vibe and style and aesthetic but a lot of the algorithm and math and logic behind it a lot of it's the same the key though is with over 1 billion users instagram is an amazing way to reach a slightly younger demographic next up is whatsapp also from facebook now there's a lot of similarities between facebook messenger and whatsapp like a lot both are owned by facebook both allow you to chat with friends but the biggest difference is that facebook messenger is more closely aligned with your facebook profile whereas whatsapp is more closely aligned with your phone and the contacts in alright so now that you've got a good handle on facebook marketing the next thing you're going to want to do is check out the video i have linked up right here on instagram marketing so make sure to check that out now and i'll see in the next episode the way that i like to think about it is feed real good and stories real time meaning that you want to make sure that you've curated and created your absolute best content in your feed so that you're really portraying your best brand image possible putting your best you

  Top Comments:
  1. @reln72 [12 likes]: This video is 4 years old. Misleading title in 2025. So much has changed in the last 4 years. Put out a new video instead of using an old one with an updated title otherwise you lose credibility.
  2. @JoshuaKingal [1 likes]: I might like this later. By later, I mean in the next minute 😅😊...cool stuff. Thanks for sharing!
  3. @trevindenney [1 likes]: Adam, thanks for cutting through the noise and providing a straightforward guide to Facebook marketing in 2024! I appreciate the actionable strategies I can implement right away.
  4. @Dagmar-m9i [1 likes]: Adam, your ability to distill complex strategies into actionable steps is seriously impressive. Thanks for providing such a clear roadmap for navigating Facebook marketing in 2024!
  5. @micielastraub [1 likes]: Great overview, Adam! Really appreciate the actionable insights and how you simplified the complexities of Facebook marketing for 2024. Subscribed and looking forward to more valuable content!
  6. @Dierdre-f5v [1 likes]: Adam, this breakdown is incredibly helpful in navigating the evolving Facebook landscape. Thanks for keeping the content concise and actionable for 2024!
  7. @samsepehri8601: strategy 2026 but uploaded 5 years ago? facebook has changed and you are recycling old videos.
  8. @Madimads27: why is this video titled 2025 but was posted in 2021?? Things have changed since then. good job getting the views though I guess....
  9. @josepthomas: Hi Adam.. What tool do you use to exit your videos
  10. @MrSanguru: Took me 9 minutes to know this is not for me! Good-bye!
  11. @humfried-f4s: Adam, your explanations are so clear and actionable – a real game-changer for anyone trying to keep up with Facebook's ever-changing landscape! Feeling much more prepared to tackle my 2024 strategy now.
  12. @corissande-l7j: Adam, you've really cracked the code on making Facebook marketing accessible. The actionable tips and focus on 2024's landscape make this video a must-watch for anyone serious about their Facebook strategy!
  13. @eliel-g5x: Adam, thanks for the clear and actionable strategies - feeling much more confident about tackling Facebook marketing this year! The focus on practical steps is exactly what I needed.
  14. @KPDHAnimation: This video looks like a goldmine for anyone looking to master Facebook marketing for 2024! It's amazing how these strategies can elevate you from a beginner to an expert in just one go. I'm really curious about the new tools and tactics that are highlighted. With Facebook constantly evolving, it's crucial to stay updated, and this video seems like the perfect way to do that. Can't wait to learn how to optimize ads and perhaps even discover some secrets that aren't widely talked about yet! Anyone else excited to implement these strategies?
  15. @tsalishapiro: Straight to the point and packed with value, thanks for cutting through the noise and delivering a clear 2024 Facebook strategy! Definitely sharing this with my team.
  16. @1ProsperousPlanet: Can you stop moving your head so much. It is so fake and distracting.
Are you smoking crack? Why you tweaking lile that.
  17. @RebeccaPerkins-s6u: Interesting.
  18. @AngeloBeadles: Thank you.
  19. @RenskeSarkis: Interesting.
  20. @victoriannadozie391: Very helpful

- 7 Effective Marketing Strategies for 2026 (TIPS, TRICKS & TACTICS): Kind: captions Language: en - Hey there, my friend, Adam here. Today, I wanna share with you seven marketing secrets or marketing hacks or marketing tricks, essentially things that nobody's really talking about. Not even me that often. And it's because they're a little more complicated and a little more nuanced than the quick hits that we often get when it comes to social media, things like post at this time, or adapt your content for this algorithm tweak or use this kind of font or this kind of color or all of those things. What I'd rather do is get to the core of why your marketing may not be working as well as you want. And even if it is working okay, understanding the seven things that I'm gonna be walking you through here today will allow you to immediately upgrade all of it. Get better results, more clicks, more traffic, more sales from everything you do. And not only that, probably the most important thing that I could ever give you is to show you how to think about your marketing, how to process different marketing strategies and basically the crazy stuff that goes on inside my head when I'm evaluating different marketing tactics and tools and resources and all of that. So my goal here today is as ambitious as it is, is to try to pack seven secrets and seven hacks into a very short period of time, so that you're gonna be able to watch this. And you're going to be able to extract these little golden nuggets and apply them to your business, to your client's business, to whatever it is that you're doing. And it starts right now. So the very first thing that we need to talk about is kind of what ends up happening when someone says, "Hey, my marketing's just not working. Like, it's just nothing's happening. No one's clicking. No one's watching my stuff. The algorithm isn't pushing it or promoting it to people. Nothing's working." It's something that I hear all the time. I see it in the comments below very common. 90% of the time, it's because they're just not doing enough marketing. It's just a question of volume. It's a question of quantity, not so much quality. So let me explain. I don't know who's to blame for this one. Maybe it's the get-rich-quick things. Maybe it's all of the courses and the programs that promise that you can become a millionaire in 30 days with no work or whatever it is. But for some reason, when people think about marketing, they think that all they need to do is make a Facebook ad or an Instagram ad or post one video on YouTube and they'll just blow up and become the next viral sensation and everything will just work out miraculously well, and, seriously, I wish this was the case. That'd be amazing, but it's not, right. It's like marketing is just a business function. I'm gonna make this sound horribly boring, but it's like accounting or finance or legal aspects of a business or HR or sales or whatever it is. They're all just different business functions, which means that they require time. They require energy. They require money and investment in them in order to get them to work. Now, what ends up happening is most people will make one post on social media. It won't get the traction. And then they'll swear off that platform. So they'll hop over here, try out Twitter now and make a couple tweets. Nobody engages. So they say, "Well, Twitter doesn't work," and they'll make a YouTube video. And then that won't take off and they get frustrated and they get angry because it's just not working when the reality is, they probably just haven't done enough. And that's why the first concept, the first sort of hacker secret is identifying the marketing sweet spot. So in the most rudimentary art drawing class ever, let me show you exactly what I mean by marketing sweet spot. And you can see where you fall and where the vast majority of businesses fall. And if you find yourself in this position, you know that the answer is to keep on pushing through. It's not to dial back. It's not to pivot. It's not to do anything like that. It's just to keep going forward. So lemme show you what that looks like. So I want you to imagine for a second, a bell curve, kind of like the traditional bell curve. Of course, that'll be the, there we go. We'll get some ink flowing here. So this is our bell curve, our ugly, ugly bell curve. And it's gonna have three different sections. Now over here on the left, this is what you're going to call the minimum effective dose. So the MED, the minimum effective dose. Essentially, what ends up happening here is until you're in this range, nothing you do matters. It's about sort of making that one post on social media that someone sees one time and then that's it. And then you wonder why it's not working. It's about spending $5 on Facebook ads or Instagram ads and not getting immediate sales and then sort of swearing off the entire online advertising system and that, but the reality is we just haven't hit There's not enough momentum. There's not enough touch points. There's not enough exposures and reach and engagement with the audience that you're trying to reach. And we're gonna talk about that one in just a second, but this is where 90% of businesses fall as they sit around here in this minimum effective dose kind of half committing to different strategies, and then wondering why nothing's working and the answer here, the solution is, again, you've got to push through, you've got to move up here. And this is the sweet spot. This is where you're going to find sort of the saturation of your market. You're going to be hitting the number of touch points that are required. Again, we'll talk about that in just a second. You're going to be making sure that the people that you want to reach are actually seeing your content. You're gonna make sure that you've essentially saturated everything that you can. Now, the reality is this sweet spot is huge, massive, massively huge. Like when we're thinking about your business, your market or your industry, these are huge, huge industries, billions and billions of dollars. So unless your business is doing a billion dollars a year or more, there's more that you can do. It's crazy when I hear about someone that thinks that, "Well, look, I'm already posting once a day on Instagram," or, "I'm already making one YouTube video a week," or, "I've got a podcast. I'm pretty much maxed out. There's nothing else I can do." And they're sitting at around, say a million bucks a year, and they're in, let's use health and fitness. So if you're in, let's say the health and fitness industry, this massive multi-billion dollar industry and your business is doing a million a year, two million a year, a hundred grand a year, whatever it is, you haven't even scratched the surface for what you're capable of doing and for the amount of people that you could reach. So you could go from one post a day to five posts a day. You could make one video on YouTube a week to one video on YouTube a day. You could do two videos a day. You could start other channels. You could have other podcasts. There's so much that you can do. Now, of course, at some point, you're going to reach this third area, which is diminishing returns, biminishing returns. There we go, D for diminishing, diminishing returns. There's gonna be some point where eventually more money, more effort, more time isn't gonna pay off, but I can't even begin to tell you of all of the businesses I've worked with over the last 10 years, the tiniest fraction falls in here. And typically it's when they're spending like a million dollars a month on ads and they simply can't get in front of more people with their ads. So they're doing blogging, they're doing podcasting, they're doing SEO. They're running Google ads and Facebook ads and Instagram ads and all that. The biggest example here is if you're running some kind of search-based PPC, pay-per-click advertising, like a Google search ad. At the end of the day, you can't make people search for more stuff. So you can max out. But again, you can make that broader. You can go for discovery ad platforms like Facebook and Instagram, where you can put things in front of people that may potentially be interested. There's a lot of ways. So the reality is, let's find a bright, happy, colorful marker. This is where we're going for, this sweet spot here. Like everybody is down here in this sort of minimum effective dose. They haven't even scratched the surface for what's possible. And then they're wondering why their marketing is not working. The best piece of advice of everything that I could give you here is, really, you just have to do more. Now, of course, you need to be strategic. You need to think through it. That's what the rest of this is going to be about, but more is your answer. So on that note, how much more? And that leads me to the marketing rule of seven. Now, depending on your business or market or your industry, depending on if you're selling something for low-dollar value or high-dollar value, it's kind of universally agreed that for somebody to make a purchase decision, for someone to take action and actually buy from you, they need around seven touch points, which means seven engagements, seven interactions with your brand. You can't simply put something in front of them one time, expect them to buy and then call it a day. You're gonna have to do this multiple times, seven. Now, if it's expensive, it's gonna be seven to 14. If it's significantly cheaper, like you're selling a pack of gum for 99 cents or something, you probably don't need seven touch points. One should be sufficient, but that rule of seven is important because it forces you to not give up too early. It's just like when you're looking at these statistics around sales and you realize that most conversions, most closes for sales happen after like five rejections or five follow ups, five emails, five extra calls. It's rarely, pretty much never, the first time. Same thing goes with marketing. A bit of a side note here, but marketing is kind of selling one to many, sales is one to one, marketing, one to many. So we use the same concepts, the same strategies, all of that with sales. But I like to think of marketing as a little more exciting and a little more challenging even because instead of trying to convince one person at a time and overcome their objections and their fears and their concerns, we have to do this on mass and we have to do it without really getting much feedback from our market. So rule of seven, that's important. Now, how do we do this? Well, we do this by showing up in front of our ideal target market where they're present and active, which means that we need to be selective about what social media platforms we're going to, about what kind of content we're creating, about where we're putting that. And we need to make sure that it's in alignment, not only with you and your content style and what you like doing, hate doing, but also where your people are. In fact, that's the most important element. There's no point on being on Twitter or Pinterest or TikTok or Instagram or YouTube if your people aren't there. So you've gotta find out where they're present and active online, and then you've got to make it your mission to follow up and to make sure that you're consistently showing up in front of them with value, with content, and with offers. So that's the marketing rule of seven. Now the next point is more of a psychological phenomenon, more of a mental hack that you can use. I've talked about this a ton on this channel here, but it's called the mere exposure effect and what the mere exposure effect is, is a psychological phenomenon that says we, as people, as humans, we associate frequency with trust. So the more often that we show up in front of people, the more often that they see us, the more they know us, the more they like us and the more that they trust us. This kind of stems back to caveman days, where if we saw something enough times and it didn't try to kill us or eat us, we assumed it was safe. Well, all of that programming, all of that evolution is carried forward to today. So now when we see things again and again and again, we naturally start to like things more because we're familiar with them. They're less scary and, therefore, we're more likely to trust them. So this is why the marketing rule of seven is so important. This is why following up is so important. This is why making sure that you've got a solid email marketing strategy in place is paramount. It's crucial. Probably the second most important thing I could offer here, the first one is to make sure that you get out of that minimum effective dose zone and into the sweet spot, by doing more. The second probably most valuable piece of advice I could give you is to make sure that you're doing some kind of email marketing and you're doing it more than you think. So for some weird reason, there's this rule, this gospel in the marketing world, that you should send one marketing email a week at most, maybe one a month, 'cause you don't wanna bother people. Garbage. It's absolute garbage. There's plenty of businesses and industries where you could send one email every three days, you could send one email a day. There's some businesses and companies that I've consulted for and done work with and own and have stake in that do two emails a day and it works. People don't get angry, they don't unsubscribe. You've just got to know who your market is. At the very least, however, I'd say that you should be shooting for three emails a week, kind of at minimum. Otherwise, again, you're not going to have the chance to establish yourself and to take advantage of all of those touch points and the marketing rule of seven and the mere exposure effect. And that leads me perfectly to the next kind of secret, which is that you really wanna go deep rather than broad. So let me tell you what is probably my biggest pet peeve when it comes to marketing. And that's whenever I ask somebody, "Well, who's your target market?" And they say, "Everyone," or "People with money," and that's amazing. That'd be great, but there's like eight billion people on the planet. And I promise you, you don't want all of them. Even if they all wanted to do business with you, some of them are just terrible, terrible fits for your business. So why don't we rein that in a little bit. And even if we were to say separate men and women, well, now, we're down to like four billion or then we separate to this country. Now we're down to like a hundred million and then maybe this area, now we're down to 30 million. I mean, still, we're gonna wanna carve that down to a significantly lower number, someone that you're going to be able to connect with on a deeper level. So the easiest way to do this is to take a look at yourself and your business. Now I appreciate you are not your customer. You know things that they don't know, you have experiences that they don't have. However, most people, when it comes to business, they're solving a problem that they had at some point. They're solving something that they know about, that they care about, that they want to share and help other people. So you probably understand a little bit about your situation and what they're going through, and, therefore, you're more likely to attract people similar to you. It's another kind of same reason that if you are a personal brand or a coach or consultant or someone like that, you tend to attract people, give or take 10 years around your age. So if you're 30, you'll attract like 20 to 40. If you're 40, you'll attract 30 to 50, whatever it is. There's like this 20-year sliding scale, 10 years on each side that tends to work, that can balloon out a little bit here and there. But on average, you'll find most of your people fall in that range. Again, it's just because you relate to them better. You know the words that they use, you grew up in the similar time, you have the same references, all of that stuff. But the point is you want to go deep here and you wanna make better connections with fewer people than these superficial surface level connections with a ton of people. The big reason here is because when you go broad, when you go after everybody, you're forced to naturally water down your message. It becomes more vanilla, it becomes more bland. And it has to, because if you are being specific about someone's unique pains and unique problems, well, it wouldn't be appealing or interesting to, like, everybody else. So, therefore, you have to make it broad. And when you're broad, you're boring and everybody just ignores you. And you sound like 99% of the other businesses and marketers out there saying the same things, like we offer higher quality and we offer better service and all of that stuff that everybody's heard a million times before and they're completely blind and deaf to. So the best way to solve this is to move on to our next point here, which is that you need an ICA. ICA is marketing talk for ideal customer avatar. I'm not completely strict on this exact fictional representation of your ideal customer. And you've got to give them a name and a hair color, and they've got to wear this kind of shoes and listen to this kind of music. I don't think that's necessary. It's helpful at times, what I think is more important is that you get really clear around the commonalities, the common characteristics that your top customers, your top clients, your top audience members have in common. And we typically divide this into three different categories. The first of which being demographic. So what's their age, their gender, their income, their occupation, their title, all of those stereotypical marketing things that we associate. Number two, what are their geographic details? What city, state, province, country, where do they live? Number three, they're psychographic details. This is all of the head stuff. And this is where the bulk of your ICA should really be formed. So what are their values, their attitudes, their interests, their beliefs, their organizations, their political affiliations, their lifestyles, things that make them them. After all, we often want to group people into these broad buckets, like men or women or this age or that age. But the reality is depending on what product or service you sell, you may have a wide range of that. And it may be more problem based. On the other hand, you may also have multiple different ICAs, ideal customer avatars. That's cool too. I'm all right if you've got like, look, we work well with women who are 20 to 25 and we also work well with men who are 40 to 45, but those two different ICAs are gonna have different pains and problems and fears and frustrations. We'll talk about that in just a second. So you can serve them both, but you need to serve them both with different messages. You simply can't appeal to them by using the same generic, broad, bland terminology 'cause you're just gonna turn the other one off by talking about things that are completely irrelevant to them. So you have an ICA, but make sure that it's specific and you can have multiple. And on that note, the way to dive into that is with the psychographic details of their values and attitudes and interests and beliefs. And I call that their miracles and miseries. So let me find my pen, and let's talk about that now. All right, so when it comes to creating your ideal customer avatar, when it comes to thinking about your audience, your clients, your customers, the money is, the value, the real results that you're going to get from your marketing come down to identifying their Now there's this great expression that I love that says customers don't buy when they understand, they buy when they feel understood. The way to make them feel understood is with this. So their miracles that's over here, that's all the things that they want, their needs, their desires, their dreams, all of the things that they wish would happen, the desired end state of where they're trying to get. And then of course, over here, you've got their miseries. These are their fears, their problems, their pains, their frustrations, all of the things that they're trying to get away from, at least in regards to your business and to your offer. You need to identify what these are and ideally drill down into which the most important and the most painful ones are. And then what the most desirable end states are, because then you're going to be able to position your business as the bridge that takes them from miracle, oh, here we go. Memo to self: I gotta buy some smaller tip markers, but that's it. This is your business right there. Your business's job, your offer, your product, your service, whatever it is that you sell, it's only mission is to move them away from their current state that they're in right now, that they don't want to be in, whatever that pain is, and towards the desired end state. And the better that you're able to communicate that, which is essentially the job of marketing, it's to communicate the value of what you have to them in regards to your offer, your product, your service. The better you're able to do that, the more likely you are to get somebody to take action and to actually buy from you and move them here. And this is where the conversions happen. It's right here. It's moving them away from miseries and towards miracles. And on that note, let's hit the next point here, which is a very cliched thing to say, but I wanna break it down a little bit more. There's this super cliched saying in marketing that says you want to sell the benefits, not the features or sell the sizzle, not the steak. The problem is, is that like most cliches, there's that element of truth to it that's absolutely the fact here, is like when it comes to marketing and to representing what it is that you're selling and what you're trying to promote, it's not about the features, it's about what those features are going to deliver through the benefits. That's what they're after. They don't care about features. They care about how those features are going to positively impact them. So yes, we can make a cursory mention of the features. We gotta highlight them. We'll talk about them. And we'll talk about kind of the flip side of that in just a second, but the real value is in the benefit. Now, one of my favorite examples and it kind of stems from like, "Hey, sell me this pen." Well, it comes down to, this pen doesn't actually have a pen cap, but we're gonna use that analogy anyway. It's sort of like, well, why does the pen have a pen cap or fictional pen cap? And the reason that this pen has a pen cap and the benefits it provides, that's what we wanna highlight. So the feature is a pen cap. The benefits is, well, it prevents you from getting ink all over yourself. And then of course we could elaborate on that. We could explain it a little further and so on. A bit of a side note, do you know why pen caps have like those tiny little holes? I dunno if you've got a pen around, you can find one, but like they've got those little holes on the pen lid, it's actually so if you swallow it, you don't choke to death. Random, hey. Anyway, the reason that benefits work significantly better than features, is because benefits are emotionally driven, and emotion is far more powerful driver than logic. It doesn't mean we can't have logic. It doesn't mean we shouldn't use logic. We absolutely should, but emotion is the money maker. That's what compels somebody to take action. When they feel it, like, deep down in their core, this is going to make my life better. This is going to help me achieve the goals that I want. This is going to increase my status. This is going to make me healthier or happier or wealthier or any of those intrinsic drivers that we have as humans, when we're able to properly communicate that, that's when conversions happen. That's when sales happen. Now here's the kicker. When you're first creating your marketing, whether it's through an ad or a sales page or a social media post or an email or anything like that, we always wanna highlight the benefits. And then of course, we're gonna talk about the features. But if for some reason, people don't convert, we flip it. And then the next time, we lead with features and we back up the benefits. And the reason that we do this is because we know that emotion is a significantly more powerful driver than logic, but logic still has a part. Not to mention, it's not that some people are, or it's not just that some people are more emotional than logical. We all know those people that fall on one end of the spectrum or another, but it's also that we, as people, we have days where we're more emotional or more logical. And within those days, we have hours where we're more emotional and more logical and there's situations and circumstances that you can't always control for, which is why we really want to cover our bases. We wanna, of course, lead with emotion, 'cause it's the most powerful driver, but we want to back it up with logic. The next time somebody interacts with us, if we tried emotion and it didn't work, we'll lead with logic and we'll back it up with emotion, and we'll kind of go back and forth. We'll sprinkle in social proof. We'll sprinkle in other forms of testimonials, we'll sprinkle in guarantees and risk reversals. We'll use all of the tools in our toolbox as marketers to get somebody to take action, knowing full well that we don't have control over where they're at right now in their current situation. And it's funny, I didn't actually plan this, but this actually kind of leads us full circle back to that beginning statement of minimum effective dose of you're simply probably not doing enough if you're not getting the results that you want. I mean, you can see here, when we look over the rule of seven and the mere exposure effect, we need to go deep. We need to have ICAs, talk about their miracles and miseries. We need to highlight benefits. And if that doesn't work, we go for the logical element. And then we go back to benefits. All of this is going to take time. It's gonna take energy, and it's gonna take investment in your marketing, which is why if you're at this stage right now where it's just not delivering the results that you want, you need to do more. Now of course, I'm not gonna leave you hanging with just that, which is why I'm gonna link up a video right here that's gonna show you a digital marketing strategy that's going to help. So make sure to check it out now, and we'll see you in the next video. Now the worst offense here is not having a marketing funnel or more accurately not thinking about your marketing funnel and instead, just hoping and wishing.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Adamerhartvideo [36 likes]: 🐙 Want my FREE step-by-step course?Just tap ‘LIKE’ 👍 and drop a quick comment below and I’ll send it your way. No catch, just pure value.
(And if you know someone who needs this, feel free to share it. They’ll think you’re a genius 😎)
  2. @BeingLoveth [1 likes]: As a beginner I understand things require time. I am starting to learn how to go live online to boost my confidence.
  3. @FrankieSnyder-w3u: Good time of day, how much time does it take to get a result?
  4. @outlaw1law2guns16: 3 year old vod talking about this year? Your an idiot...
  5. @leadnicely: Consistency is key 100%
  6. @DominiqueHarris-t9k: Can you answer, is there any formula that would calculate ineffective keywords?
  7. @JuliaFlatcher-v6v: Hello, can you tell me more effective ways to promote, not expensive?
  8. @IronBargeman-e2z: Interesting stuff, but my question is, can an account be blocked for any settings or lack thereof? I don't know what to do with the account anymore
  9. @RosamundGill: Can you tell me where to look for customer preferences? What are they buying now?
  10. @CamiJulissa: Helpful and informative 👍
  11. @Kinhdoanhlàmgiàu-v3v: thank for this valuable information
  12. @ORIXEMPIRE-y5r: Hi
  13. @TiberiaMihailescu: nice
  14. @AnttiLehtovaara: Perfect
  15. @BarbaraWard-n6y: Focus on understanding your customer's feelings about their problem, not just the problem itself, to truly connect with them. Consistency and delivering genuine value are the bedrock of any successful 2024 marketing strategy. Thanks for the actionable insights!
  16. @eirisgoy90: I really want ro watch your video, you did a great job. But my friend you talk too much. I had to stop your video and watch it another time.
  17. @skyperfai: Why this back ground music make me crazy can’t focus with your continent is it restaurants dinner time 🤦‍♀️
  18. @YNOT-eg3pj: This was amazing. I am going to use these tips to engage more students in my college counseling practice.
  19. @jasonthompson2121: Silver PRS and a Mesa goes hard
  20. @Jurissic: Hey! 3 emails a week is way too much

- Is Meta Ads Targeting Still Needed in 2026?: Kind: captions Language: en Facebook advertisers have been obsessed with targeting ever since I started running ads on the platform in 2013. But Meta have changed their ad platform so much since then and changed the way targeting is done. And we have to ask ourselves the question, is there any point? Do we even need to bother with Facebook ads targeting anymore? I'm going to give you my thoughts on that question right now. So before I give you a specific recommendation around targeting, I want to quickly run through the history of Facebook ads targeting uh to get to where we're at today. So like I said, when I first started, it was make or break. You could absolutely take a poor performing campaign, turn it into a high performing campaign simply by changing the targeting, not changing anything else. But as Meta improved their ad platform, as it became better and better, more and more advertisers started experimenting with open targeting, which is adding in no targeting options, just letting Meta work it out. And they started seeing some good results. And over time, more and more advertisers went that way. Saw better results with open targeting. letting Meta find anyone they want on Facebook and Instagram work it out for you was better than constraining it with your own specific targeting options and and that was the trend. Then a few years ago they introduced targetingless campaign options like advantage plus shopping campaigns where you literally had no targeting inputs and that was the purpose of or one of the purposes of that campaign was to just let Meta go ahead and and work that out. Those have fairly recently been reworked into advantage plus campaigns and that's been extended to other campaign types. We've now got advantage plus lead campaigns for example as well as advantage plus sales campaigns um where we can have targeting inputs but they are suggestions and Meta's come up with this option to basically try and establish a best of both world scenario. Advertisers can feel like they're having some targeting input. They can give meta some direction particularly important with new ad accounts. I'll talk more about that later on, but at the end of the day, it's up to Meta to work out and go out who on Facebook, who on Instagram is the best people to target. A combination of warm audiences, cold audiences, all being lumped in together, whereas we used to have them very much separate. And now a lot of advertisers, most advertisers are either going with no targeting options or targeting options that are used as suggestions, not as hard constraints and hard boundaries. Right? So that leads me on to the big question, which is, do we even need to bother with Facebook ads targeting now? And I think the answer for most businesses is probably not. It seems kind of crazy to think that given where I've come from and what used to be so important on the platform that I that I'm saying that, but I think that's where we are now. Now, there are some very important caveats and and certain types of targeting you need to include and certain certain scenarios where targeting is important. I'm going to run through those. Um, so don't just think, okay, never want to add any targeting and and run off. Really important that you do know in case you fit into one of these circumstances, right? But to be honest, for for most advertisers now, Meta is just better at targeting than we are advertisers. And if we add in specific targeting options, often we just get in the way. We add in constraints. We add in uh boundaries that just don't need to be there. And it's much better just to let Meta uh work it out. And that actually frees us up as advertisers to focus on things that are much larger needle movers. We can focus on offers. We can focus on creative. We can focus on brand positioning. something that's going to become more and more important as Meta optimizes um more and more of the delivery and targeting um themselves. That's a place to stand up with things like creator partnerships, working with influencers, how is your brand perceived and and all that sort of stuff. And that's actually all stuff that we can help you with as part of our done for you Facebook and Instagram advertising services. So, we can create your campaigns, we can manage them, we can optimize them. You don't need to worry about any of this, whether you do or don't need targeting, any of the other stuff where we can work on and help you get significantly better results. If that sounds interesting, there is a link in the video description. You can click on that, come through to a page on our website and book in a free no obligation call with one of my team members to find out more. So, if that sounds interesting, go ahead and do that. Hopefully, we get a chance to work together. So, when I say that targeting isn't necessary for most advertisers anymore, what am I actually talking about? I want to be very clear. I'm talking about the demographic and detailed targeting information that is a part of suggest an audience. Let me show let me show you specifically what I mean. Right? So, I'm in an example ad account here. I've just created a quick example sales um campaign. I've jumped to the adset level. This will apply to other campaign types as well, by the way. Going to go ahead and click in edit and then scroll down to the uh to the audience section. So, we've got as part of audience, we've got this control section and then we've got suggest an audience. So, everything that you add in suggest an audience. That's what I'm referring to here. Take it, leave it. Does it provide some benefit? Maybe not a lot. But the targeting stuff that you set up in controls is still very, very important. And you have to make sure that this is correct. The most obvious part of that being location. So this has just defaulted to the United Kingdom cuz that's where I'm in. But do I want to advertise to the whole country or do I want to just advertise to my local area or do I want to advertise to a different country or multiple countries? Really important that you go ahead and select the area in which you operate here. Um this is not something that you just want to let Meta work out and just think I'll just target the whole world and Meta is going to work out where my customers are. Particularly if you're a local business. That's why this part, this location is up in controls. And any of the targeting options that you select within the control section, those are hard constraints, hard boundaries. Those are things that Meta Meta won't take as a suggestion. They won't go outside of those limits. They will go, "Okay, understood. You only want to advertise, you know, within London. Gotcha. We'll do that. Within uh, you know, 10 miles of of New York City, right? Okay, understood. That's that's what we're going to uh to advertise in. they won't look to to go beyond that. And that applies to other controls as well, by the way. So, if we click on show more controls, you can set a minimum age that goes from 18 up to 25. Some products services are restricted in terms of legally what you can advertise. You know, we can only advertise our products people 21 and over. Um, well, then you want to make sure you go ahead and select this. And again, this is within the control section. Therefore, Meta will use this as a hard boundary and they will understand. Uh, you can add in some exclusions and languages. won't really talk those aren't as applicable to to this video. But this control stuff very very important. Okay. But this stuff down here in suggest an audience. If I click on this, this is where we have our age range. Default is 1865. This is where we have gender options. We could choose to advertise to men to women. And then we've got also the detailed targeting options. So this is going to be our interests, our behaviors. So for our business for example, I can add in things like people interested in is social media marketing would be like an obvious thing that we could go ahead and and add in as a detailed targeting option. Now because all of this stuff underneath suggest an audience is a suggestion, Meta can choose to use these or they can choose to go beyond them if they feel like they can put ads in front of people that don't necessarily fall into these categories but who would be likely to be interested in what you offer would be likely to convert. So, if you've selected an age range of say uh I only want to advertise to people 18 to go with uh 25. If meta feels like the people older than that that would also convert, they're going to put ads in front of those people um given this suggestion here. Right? So, just want to be very clear about the distinction between the two. I'm referring when I say most advertisers probably don't need targeting options to this suggestion audience section and everything falls within it. And when it comes to targeting, it's also very important to add in all the your source custom audiences. I'll show you what I'm talking about and explain what I mean. So, if I go ahead and click on all tools and then select um audiences from up here and we will jump in and and go to the custom audience creation window. Don't worry about all this sort of stuff and it's all just example things I've created because it's an example ad account. If I go ahead and click on create audience and custom audience. So custom audiences for those who don't know are warm audiences, people that have already interacted with your business. And there is a trend now of people not doing any retargeting, not bothering setting up any custom audiences. And the logic behind that is they say meta already knows who those people are anyway. They already know who has uh watched a video of yours on Facebook or Instagram or who follows you or who's engaged with an ad recently or even who's visited your website. Assuming you've got the Meta Pixel installed on your website, those are all true. Meta has got the information on those people. So, you can see all the Meta source custom audiences, people who have watched videos, engage with lead forms, engage with Instagram account, engage with your Facebook page. Like, Meta knows all of that. They're going to retarget those people by default anyway, as long as you haven't overly constrained your your targeting options. And there is some logic to not bothering including those. Um, I understand that argument, although I still would go and set them up because it takes a minute or two. And what's the downside in doing so? Very little. But the your source custom audiences, Meta doesn't necessarily have visibility over that stuff. Now, if you've got the pixel set up, if you've got the accurate tracking set up within your app, um, with catalog data, Meta is going to know all that stuff already. So, you can create a custom audience out of people that have visited your website and add that into your adset to target. But to be honest, as long as you got your pixel set up, Meta knows who these people are. They're going to target them anyway as part of an Advantage Plus campaign. But they don't have visibility around your customer lists, your email lists. How would Meta know who's on your email list unless you upload that list specifically? Like Meta is not going to have visibility of those people. And also, when you go through things like setting up a website custom audience, you will see that Meta only goes so far into the past. So then only look for a website custom audience 180 days into the past. So someone has to have visited your website within the last 6 months in order for them to be included in your custom audience and therefore for me to be able to retarget them. But you can upload a customer list of people who have been on your list for years. So it has a much longer time frame. There are also people on there that let's say you're building a customer list particularly if it's from another traffic source. Meta won't have the visibility over those people. Like I said, particularly if they're more than more than 6 months ago. So make sure you get your customer list, your email list um uploaded. I've got tutorials on exactly how to do that. You can find those um on my channel. But just wanted to quickly mention that there is still value in that even if there's now less value in going ahead and setting up all the other types of of custom audience where meta already has um visibility. External sources very very important still. Now there is another scenario where I think it's important to add in targeting details that I'll get to in a second. But first I want to let you know about Hyrosse. Hyro is the best tracking and attribution software for meta ads. It's a software all the big players in this industry use including myself. I use it to track results for my own ads as well as all my organic results as well. So if someone books a call for our done for you services, for example, I can see exactly where that person came from with a lot of accuracy. That allows me to make better decisions for my marketing and my business. Hyos has been able to track that from our ad spend in this campaign, we've generated £96,000, but £58,000 of that was not reported by Meta. So if I was just looking at my data within my meta ad account, I might come to the conclusion that this campaign is doing okay. But in reality, this campaign is doing a lot lot better. Now, this is a relatively extreme example because of the nature of our business. So, most of our products, services have recurring billing elements. Meta might be able to see what we make initially from our ad spend on that initial transaction, but not those subsequent payments. That's why it it shows the importance here of being able to accurately see what we actually get from our ad spend in order to be able to make better decisions and optimize correctly. So, if you want to improve the performance of your ad campaigns without having to touch your ads, go ahead and sign up to Hyros. There is a link in the video description. I do think it's still a good idea to add targeting options in that suggestion audience section for new ad accounts because Meta is much better able to work out who to target to know is a 43y old more likely to convert than a 35y old is a man more like to convert than a woman is someone in this location more likely to convert than this location. Meta is much better able to do that when you have conversion data within your ad account. When Meta can see all these variables and work out, okay, this is the right person to target and even this is the right person to target and this is the time of week time of day to target them. All those uh data points that the Meta can optimize to improve delivery and it's why campaigns often perform better over time. If you add suggestions in add targeting options or suggestions with new ad accounts, Meta can choose whether or not to use them or not like completely up to them. So very limited downside in doing so. And I think it provides some direction for that new ad account where you as a business owner, as an advertiser might know more about the background of a business, might know more about the the type of person that buys. Okay, we know people this age range are more likely to buy. We know people um you know men are more like to buy than women. We know they're likely interested in these few things. I think it's there's very little downside in adding those in and it might help improve your performance early on when Meta is learning who best to put your ads in front of. That process, by the way, is why meta advertising gets so much easier over time. You are likely to see significantly better results if you can stick at this for a year, 2 years, 3 years, and longer than uh than when you're new. And I know a lot of people that consume my content are new to meta ads. They're new to advertising. often they might even have a relatively new business. I just think this is an important point. I I heard something interesting from someone the other day that was saying that they look at starting new businesses as a person is sort of the same time frame as a person. So if you think about how much time, care, attention is required from a six-month old baby, a six-month old business versus one that's 5 years old. Well, the 5-year-old is much more independent, much more able to do things for themselves, but still needs obviously a lot of care and attention in comparison to when a person is 10 or when a person is 15. And you can think about a business in terms of what's required to to to help it out and get it to the next step is just it's so much more labor intensive at the beginning. And anyone that has kids like I do could totally understand that that things change um as they grow up. And I think that's a good way of of framing it. So if things seem really difficult at the beginning with your meta ads, also with your business in general, just know that as time goes on, it is definitely going to get easier. Most people don't stick at it because it's hard at the beginning and then they decide to uh to not. But if they keep going, um it it things really do get easier because both Meta helps you out and you as an advertiser learn as well. With more mature ad accounts, adding those targeting options into that suggested audience, Meta is probably going to ignore them. And what I mean by that is not meta is going to choose to not advertise to the people you've selected, but Meta is just going to do what it's going to do regardless of the targeting inputs that you use. So, we've done tests with more mature ad accounts where we've had an ad set that's added in a bunch of stuff into that suggestion audience section versus one where we haven't added anything in. And you look at the results and you look at the breakdown of how much budget is spent on new audience versus engaged audience versus existing customers. You can see those breakdowns and it's basically identical. you kind of think, okay, so meta is just going to do its own thing to help us get the best results anyway with more mature ad accounts to have conversion data. Probably not a huge point in adding those targeting inputs as I've already discussed. And going forward, I think we need to rethink what targeting is. So targeting used to be I want to advertise to these people, not to these people. And that's that's changing. That's going to change. The way forward is going to be meta. I'm happy for you to work it out and target everyone, but I have extra context on my business that you don't have. That means I know that these people are more valuable than these people. And you can apply certain waitings to groups and say, I'm actually willing to pay more to acquire customers from this demographic because I know they're worth more to my business or that's how I want my my brand to be perceived this way. because I really want you to go after, you know, people in this location or or I want to build a presence there or I really want you to target younger people because we're trying to engage them with the with the brand and and increase brand longevity. And the way you do that is not through the targeting options. It's not through the stuff down in suggestion audience or even controls or even at the adset level. That is done through value rules. And value rules is a relatively new feature that is incredibly exciting, very, very powerful. You haven't heard about it already. If you haven't checked out my video on it, how to play out with it, definitely go ahead and give this a watch cuz I give you a full run through of value rules, how they work, how you're able to add those weightings. Like I talked about the use cases for this. I've had some comments on that video, people saying, "How is this different to targeting?" Very, very different, by the way. Very different. It's affecting the optimization, not the targeting. If you go through the video, you'll understand. Go ahead and uh give that a

  Top Comments:
  1. @BenHeath [1 likes]: Get personal Meta Ads feedback from me (live) for less than $60 per session:
👉 https://www.skool.com/benheath/about
Let my agency run your Meta ads for you:
👉 https://heathmedia.co.uk/done-for-you/
  2. @ReApproveAuto [1 likes]: what's it with advantage+ audiences and 65+ people, it seems it snipes into every retirement community in my city.
  3. @pascalpixel: This video is great at 0.85x speed!
  4. @jessicamilliron450: Crisp, smart way of explaining, necessary and sufficient information. That was helpful. Thank you.
  5. @alinavanmode: I keep selecting a specific gender and age group in the controls but meta goes the opposite way 😔😔😔 whyyy
  6. @JoshuaVoce: Thank you. This cleared so much up for me.
  7. @braxtonjaquez5713: Thanks for the video! Loved it very much!
  8. @HULTONmusic: super useful video - thanks for putting this out!
  9. @baja_blogger_salman: Great insights here! Using Rumora has allowed my personal brand to engage meaningfully through comments. It’s definitely a smarter way to reach my audience.
  10. @OnlyDrama-l2v: lowkey thought meta targeting was dead but this helps
  11. @ikinamicoumwezi: gotta admit i was confused but you broke it down good
  12. @NYANJASFURNITURES: this makes me rethink my ad strategy for sure
  13. @Samir_sk09: interesting perspective on meta ads, didn't think about it like that
  14. @LaurentPechoux-ug4ee: this is so relevant right now
  15. @150RUPYA92: this is so relevant right now
  16. @Elelastico-988: have mixed feelings about meta ads tbh 🤔
  17. @ALiMohamed-v9p7y: i was wondering about this, thanks
  18. @Squad_Bato: finally someone said it
  19. @vsehocrewmoviestudios: I can relate to the struggles mentioned! Since I started using Rumora to promote my brand through comments, I've noticed a real difference in engagement.
  20. @nicodesde2279: i always wondered if this was still a thing

- The ONLY Meta Ads Targeting Tutorial You Need in 2026: Kind: captions Language: en If you're still targeting meta ads the same way you did in 2020, 2023, or even just a few months ago in 2025, you're probably making campaigns harder to scale than they need to be. Because in 2026, the businesses getting the best results are going about targeting in a completely new way. They're not using the detailed targeting section in ads manager to hone in on their target market. So, in this video, I'm going to show you the only meta ads targeting approach most small business owners need right now, including what to control, what to stop overthinking, how to use custom audiences, and whether look-alike audiences still matter. And in case you don't know, I'm Brandy with Life Marketing, the digital marketing agency with a mission to help small businesses grow. If you're curious as to what it would be like to have us handle all of your social media and advertising for you, click the link below to schedule a free strategy call, and you'll get a custom proposal and quote. Otherwise, let's get into it with the biggest mistakes small business owners are making with meta targeting right now. They're trying to control too much. They narrow the audience too hard. They split out too many ad sets. They over build the account, and then wonder why the results are inconsistent. And I get it. You're thinking, "Hey, if I know my buyer persona, why wouldn't I try to pinpoint them with all these interests and behaviors to tell Facebook exactly who to show my ad to?" But here's the truth. Meta is better at finding buyers on its own than it used to be. It actually studies your ad creative, the copy, the image or video, the destination URL, and so then using its advanced AI finds people that are most likely to respond to it based on those things. But only if you stop choking the system with unnecessary restrictions in the targeting. And if you're thinking, "Okay, so you're saying you don't want me to enter anything in here?" In general, that's correct. But there are a couple exceptions, or what we call hard controls. So, what should be a hard control? Or in other words, the only targeting details you should enter in. There are really only a few things most businesses should use as hard controls. The first is location. Only target places you can actually serve. So, if you're local, enter in the local mile radius you serve. If you serve nationwide, target nationwide. If you only ship to certain countries, only include those countries. You get it. The second is age restrictions. Only enter an age range when there's a real reason to. For example, if your service legally or practically should not be shown to people below a certain age, then you can enter an age range there. But if there's no true restriction, leave it alone. And the last one is gender. Same general principle here. This matters when gender affects whether someone can actually buy from you or be served by your business. If it doesn't, then leave it on all. Outside of those three limits, you can leave the rest untouched. In the past, you may have been used to entering in all of these interests and behaviors here, but not anymore. Because the more unnecessary controls you add, the more you reduce meta's room to work, and that makes it harder to grow, not easier. We call targeting like this broad targeting, because the audience is usually pretty broad and it's considered your prospecting campaign. It's targeting cold, new people who've never heard of your brand before. Now that you've got that squared away, there are a couple other audiences you still need to know how to set up and use. So, let's talk about custom audiences for small businesses in 2026. A custom audience is something you set up here in the audiences tab in ads manager, and you can create one based off of your sources or meta sources, depending on what you're trying to do. You can see all the options for custom audiences here. So, custom audiences are built for three main reasons. The first is to target these people directly. This is called retargeting. On average, people need to see a brand seven times before they convert, and you can't get in front of people seven times if you're only targeting new people in a broad campaign all the time. So, you can create a custom audience of website visitors or Facebook engagement or what have you, and exclusively target that audience. The second reason is to exclude this audience. Once you've made the audiences, you'll want to go back to your broad targeting campaign and exclude these people from it so that it acts as a customer acquisition campaign, solely bringing new people into your funnel. You don't want to get to a point where you're solely just retargeting everybody already in your funnel without any new people coming in. Excluding a custom audience from your broad prospecting campaign prevents that from happening. And the third reason is it's all data. And the more data meta has on your audience, the faster it gets at finding new people who are similar. Custom audiences are one of the clearest signals you can give meta about who matters to your business. So, let's take a look at the four types that are usually the best to build at least to start with. Number one are website visitors. These are people who have been on your website within a certain amount of time and are therefore considered a warm audience because they already know your brand and are showing interest. Number two are email lists. Now, this can and should be built out into a few separate audiences. So, like you could have a list of subscribed but haven't purchased yet, or a leads list of emails, and a customer list of emails. Because they're all at different points in the buying cycle, they should be receiving different ads from you. And that's why I would recommend creating a custom audience for each of them instead of lumping them all into one big custom audience. But they all fall under the category of email list for the sake of this video. Number three, video viewers. This is going to be created from meta sources, and it's people who have consumed your content for a certain amount of seconds. And number four, social engagement audiences. People who have engaged with your Instagram or Facebook content in general, like likes, comments, shares, etc. Now, when it comes to using these custom audiences in your targeting, a lot of business owners still build tiny audiences because they think smaller means better. But that is the opposite way of how you should do it now. For example, instead of only retargeting the last 7 days of website traffic, it's often smarter to retarget a larger audience, like all website visitors over a longer window. Why? Because meta already knows the person who visited two days ago is probably hotter than the person who visited five months ago. You do not need to manually force that. Meta can prioritize the hotter prospect first. But if you build the audience too small, you remove other options that still could convert. That's why broader, stronger data pools tend to work better. Not because every person is equally valuable, but because meta is better at sorting through that value than most manual setups. Now, the last audience I want to talk to you about is one that some of you may already be pretty familiar with, and that's a look-alike audience. If you're not familiar, a look-alike audience is an audience of new people that meta finds that look like the source audience of your choosing. So, you could find and target new people who look like your video views, your blog subscribers, or most importantly, your customer base. But the real question is, given all the changes to meta in recent months, do look-alikes still matter in 2026? The answer is yes, but a lot less than they used to. Look-alikes were a much bigger deal when meta needed more help figuring out who to target. But now, meta builds similar audience patterns in the background automatically. So, if you're feeding the platform good data through custom audiences, conversions, and engagement, it's already doing a lot of that work for you without you needing to go manually create a look-alike audience. That said, look-alikes can still help in certain cases, especially if you want to push meta harder towards a specific type of lead or customer, or you feel the algorithm is finding the wrong kind of prospect or what have you. So, they definitely still have use cases. They're just no longer the first lever most businesses should obsess over anymore. For most small business owners, custom audiences and clean campaign structure matter more. So, with that, I want to wrap up with why simpler account structures perform better for small businesses. This is the part most people need to hear. You probably do not need more campaigns. You probably probably do need a simpler account structure. Heavily segmented structures used to be more common. You'd run multiple campaigns at the same time and have a different ad set for each audience built off of detailed targeting options. But doing it that way now often just spreads your budget too thin. And when your budget gets split across too many audiences, meta gets less data in each pocket. That slows down meta's learning, and that slows optimization, making scaling harder. So, instead, you want to have one campaign, and within it one broader targeting ad set for prospecting, like we talked about, and one retargeting ad set using custom audiences, like we talked about. Setting your account up this way means less complexity, less maintenance, and faster learning from the budget you already have. So, just to recap everything quickly, use hard controls only for real limits. Use audience suggestions to guide meta. Build strong custom audiences from your actual business data. Use look-alikes when needed, but don't lean on them like it's 2020. And keep your structure simple enough that meta can actually learn. Because in 2026, the businesses getting results with meta ads are not usually the ones doing the most targeting. They're the ones giving meta the clearest signals. And if you do that well, you give your business a much better shot at generating more leads, more customers, and more predictable growth from the same ad spend.

  Top Comments:
  1. @LYFEMarketingAtlanta: Want us to grow your business so you can focus on running it? Get a free, custom quote and proposal here: https://www.lyfemarketing.com/services/social-media-advertising-services/?utm_source=YouTube&utm_medium=metaadstargetingtutorial&utm_campaign=apr142026
  2. @carloscortes1577: I usually don't leave comments of videos, but this was pretty good. Straight to the point. Thank you.
  3. @drocoar: Great video! I have a question. In the video sources, there are many options. Some have high volume but low quality, like those for people who watched at least 3 seconds of the video. Others have lower volume but higher quality, like Thruplays or 100% video playback. Which one do you recommend?

- I Found A BETTER Way To Do Meta Ads Targeting in 2026: Kind: captions Language: en Most Facebook advertisers now leave targeting entirely up to Meta. For some, that works pretty well. For others, not so much. The problem is that when advertisers try and take back manual control, performance often gets even worse. But, there's good news. There's a way to give Meta the flexibility it wants while still influencing who sees your ads. In other words, you get the best of both worlds. In this video, I'm going to show you exactly how to do it. So, the feature that allows you to do what I just described is called value rules. And with value rules, you're able to optimize for different demographics within your target audience. So, instead of just saying to Meta, "Go and get me as many conversions as possible, as many leads or sales as possible, or even get me as much value as possible optimizing for the highest return on ad spend." Instead, you can say to Meta, "I would rather you place a priority on these people, this group, this demographic within my overall target audience because I know they are more valuable to my business." So, I'll give you some examples, right? So, you might have calculated that people within a certain location are more valuable than others. Let's say you're advertising in the whole of the UK, but you know that people within London are more likely to come back and buy again. They're more likely to stick around for longer on your subscription product or your recurring billing, whatever it is. And therefore, you are willing to pay more to acquire conversions from London as opposed to the rest of the UK in this instance. You could do the same for people over or under a certain age. We've calculated that amongst our customer base, anyone between this age and this age is more valuable to our business. And you could do the same with gender. And actually, there's a business that I've been consulting with for a number of years. And when value rules came out, it was absolutely perfect for them and solved the issue that they had had from just going with open or broad targeting. And that it was a business, jewelry business, and sold primarily women's jewelry. And they found that when they just ran their ads on Meta to all audiences, a lot of their ads were served to men. Now, men would buy this women's jewelry primarily as gifts. Uh but what this business found was that Meta would think, "Great, this is an audience that we can target that generates conversions. We're optimizing." Meta thinks it's doing the right thing. But this business found that if a man was buying uh this women's jewelry as a gift, they were unlikely to become repeat customers. So, their customer lifetime value was significantly lower than if they generated a sale from a woman who was more likely to be buying it for herself. So, they were able to use value rules to say, "Increase the bid for women. They are more valuable to our business over their lifetime." And that's something that Meta wouldn't otherwise have visibility over because if you think about attribution windows, let's say a 7-day click attribution window, um anything any conversions that take place beyond that typically aren't going to be registered by Meta. So, if Meta's optimizing for as many purchases as possible or even the highest value, the highest return on ad spend possible, they're going to optimize within that 7-day window. They're not able to factor in the lifetime value. So, instances like that, you as an advertiser are able to step in and say, "Keep the broad open targeting. I want you to have the flexibility to go out and find people um that are most likely to convert." Meta's really good at that. System's really sophisticated doing that. But also, please factor in this other bit of information because I know that these people are worth more to my business over the long run than these people, and I want you to factor in to your bidding strategy." So, let me show you how to create a value rule. So, to demonstrate this, I'm in an example Meta ad account. I'm in Ads Manager at the campaign level. And I want to go ahead and go to advertising settings. And then under your business, we've got value rules. I think just about every Meta ad account now has this value rules option. Uh it was introduced a little while ago, and it's been uh it's been steadily rolled out to ad accounts. And I haven't checked it I haven't seen it not be available in that account in a while. If you don't have it here, um then you don't have it yet. And I'm sure you'll get it very soon. Right. [snorts] So, we'll go ahead and click on value rules, and then we want to go ahead and click on create a rule set. Now, it's really interesting this pop-up here. Meta's kind of got a warning, and something we should quickly discuss at this stage. So, quickly explain what value rules are, right? Reach your preferred audiences using value rules. Increase your bid on audiences that are worth more to your business. Um we've already discussed this. It's exactly what value rules is designed to do. They've got some extra information here, which is interesting. Get more of the outcomes you want. So, focus your budget on audiences using age, gender, location, etc. Um optimize for all types of goals. See better results with a single ad set. It's one of the selling points from Meta's standpoint uh point of view of value rules. Instead of having different ad sets targeting different um audiences, you can consolidate down into one ad set, which we know is often the right way to go anyway. Consolidation is great. More conversion data in the one ad set, better learning, better optimization. Uh good things happening. But, we do have this part at the bottom. I understand my overall cost per result may increase when using value rules. And that is something that we should state up front. If you are going to mess with Meta's optimization system, their delivery system, that would otherwise be trying to get you the lowest cost per conversion possible or as many conversions as possible for your budget, anything you do to disrupt that may increase your overall cost per conversion. Now, given some of the examples we discussed a minute ago, that may well be worth it. If being more aggressive and targeting women in the jewelry business example means that our overall cost per purchase goes up by 10%, but women on average are worth 2.4 times what men are, that's a great trade. Over their lifetime, you'd rather acquire more of those customers. So, just be aware that this may well happen if you go and implement it, but it might still that might be a trade-off that you're willing to make cuz it's overall better for your business. So, let's go ahead and click on create a rule set. Quick one before we continue. If you're running Meta ads and you'd like me to take a look at your actual ad account and tell you what I would change, test, or scale, I've built something called the Ben Heath Inner Circle. Inside, you get direct access to me for less than $60 per live session, where you can join, ask me questions, and even share your ad account for live feedback. And these sessions are scheduled across multiple time zones, so you can join from wherever you are in the world. So, if you're dealing with performance dropping, creative's not working, or you're unsure how to scale, you can bring it to a live session, and we'll go through it together. If you want to check it out, there's a link in the video description. Let's get back to the video. So, from within here, we need to select criteria. So, if I click on this uh drop-down, we can see the options. And I've already mentioned a few of them. I mentioned age, gender, and location. But we've got other options here. Things like conversion location is quite an interesting um option. So, if I click on this and then select the options here, uh let's say we're running a lead-based campaign. We could say to Meta, "Look, we know that leads generated via our website, via our landing page, um they're more valuable. They're more likely to convert." Let's say, again, data that Meta might not have any visibility over than people who become leads via instant forms. Therefore, um we'll select website, and we can increase the bid um etc. I'll get to that bit in a second. Uh we've also got some other options. Um so, we've got device. So, choose between desktop or mobile. Again, you might say uh leads generated via desktop are more valuable than mobile. Willing to pay more for those. Uh mobile operating system, iOS versus Android. A lot of businesses say that iOS-based customers are more valuable than Android-based customers. Um we've also got placement as well. So, you might have the data to show that um for example, if I click in here, that Facebook feed uh conversions are more valuable to your business than those from the Audience Network. So, you could say, "Look, I'm willing to bid more for these." Or uh I'm willing You can select Audience Network and do the opposite and say, "I want to bid less." All right? So, a lot of options to play with. Um let's use gender as a as a as a classic example cuz I've already talked about that. So, let's say women. By the way, you can add other criteria. So, we've got one criterion here. We could say women and then also add in say an age criteria. So, you can add in uh two variables. You can say women over the age of 45, for example, if that was what you'd found to be particularly valuable for your business, customers in that category. And then we've got options here where we've got increase bid or decrease bid by. That's why I just mentioned the Audience Network. Instead of increasing bid for all the others, the Audience Network would be typically seen as a lower quality placement option. You can then say decrease the bid um on uh Audience Network. But in this case, like we're talking about before with the um jewelry business example, women are worth significantly conversions from women are worth significantly more on average over their lifetime than uh conversions generated by from men. So, we're going to increase the bid by and then select your percentage. Let's go with 80% in here as an example. Um and then we could go give the rule a name. So, we could say women plus 80%. Just something so that when you create multiple rules, you can um easily see which ones which and apply them to your ad set, which I'll show you how to do in a second. You can see we've got rules, one out of 10. You can add up to 10 rules. And you can have different rules that do um different things. So, you can have one for uh gender, like this case. We could have a different one for age. We could have a different one for conversion location. So, you can have multiple rules going. So, what do we have here? Let's call this women plus uh 80%. And then we go ahead and click create. So, that is now our rule set. Just because we've created it in here does not mean that it's applied to our campaigns. We still need to specifically say we want to use these in the ad sets uh that we want to apply to. Which is great cuz it means you could have different rules applying to different campaigns, different ad sets. And sometimes you might not want to apply any any value rules um to certain ad sets. And that's if you really know your data and you know, "Okay, we know that women are more valuable than men for this product range that we're advertising in this campaign, but that's not true with this other product range." Um so, you can get quite specific with it, be quite sophisticated. So, to get the value rule to actually apply, um let me show you how you do that. If I just create a quick example, I'll do use a leads campaign, but value rules, like many Meta ads features, will apply to other campaign objectives as well. Um then I jump to the ad set level. That's where we apply our value rules. But I scroll down, and then we get to this value rule section. It says, "Apply an existing value rule set." I can go ahead and click apply, um but we can get more specific. So, if I click in here, um we can, you know, decide whether or not to apply a rule set. Uh women plus 80% is what we've used, but we could Had we created other rules, we could select a different one depending on what it is that you want to do. Now, once you publish this ad set, this value rule will apply to this ad set and Meta will bid 80% more for a in this case a lead cuz it's a lead campaign, but you could have it set up for sales campaign as well for a conversion from women as opposed to men. Um and the performance and the ad impression distribution of this ad set versus the equivalent without a value rule is going to be significantly different because an 80% uplift in bid is quite significant. Hyros is the best tracking and attribution software for Meta ads. It's the software all the big players in this industry use including myself. I use it to track results for my own ads as well as all my organic results as well. So, if someone books a call for our done-for-you services, for example, I can see exactly where that person came from with a lot of accuracy. That allows me to make better decisions for my marketing and my business. Hyros has been able to track that from our ad spend in this campaign, we've generated 96,000 pounds. But, 58,000 pounds of that was not reported by Meta. So, if I was just looking at my data within my Meta ad account, I might come to the conclusion that this campaign is doing okay, but in reality, this campaign is doing a lot lot better. Now, this is a relatively extreme example because of the nature of our business. So, most of our products services have a recurring billing elements. Meta might be able to see what we make initially from our ad spend on that initial transaction, but not those subsequent payments. That's why it it shows the importance here of being able to accurately see what did we actually get from our ad spend in order to be able to make better decisions and optimize correctly. So, if you want to improve the performance of your ad campaigns without having to touch your ads, go ahead and sign up to Hyros. There is a link in the video description. And value rules represent a really big shift in Meta ads targeting. You know, we had the really old-school way of doing things which used to be really specific, just target very specific interests or lookalikes in lots of different ad sets. Then we moved away from that cuz most advertisers saw better results with open or broad targeting, just letting Meta work it out. And now we've got this hybrid now we can benefit from open targeting, letting Meta find the best possible prospects to put ads in front of, but we can have an influence over it and we can give Meta information and context that it otherwise wouldn't have. Meta is not able to factor in differing lifetime customer values because they have attribution windows. They can only track conversions that take place relatively short time period after someone's interacted with your ad. I mean, 7 days at a maximum, but could be 1 day if it's engaged through or or view-through conversion, right? Um Meta also doesn't have visibility over refund rates. Now, you might take a look at your data and work out that people on buying on Android devices have a much higher refund rate than people buying on iOS devices. So, you could create a value rule around device type. You could work out that um people under 35 are far more likely to refund than people over 35 depending on what you sell. And then again, you can use a value rule to say, we want more customers 35 and over, less 35 and under. Meta often doesn't have visibility over your conversion rate from lead to client. Now, you can set that up so it's tracked and the the conversion lead data is imported into ad account, but most Meta advertisers don't do that. Can be somewhat tricky to do to get that set up with your CRM, much easier to create a value rule if you know that people in a certain location, certain demographic, whatever it happens to be are more likely to convert from lead to client. And these are all things that have a big impact on your business and the profitability of your marketing of your advertising. And if Meta doesn't have visibility over it, they won't be able to factor that in to optimizing your campaigns, but things like refund rates, lifetime values, conversion rates are hugely important. You can give Meta that information by introducing value rules and and it's likely to improve your campaign when done right and improve your results significantly when done right. Now, in order to do this, of course, you need to know your numbers and you need to know the data. Like I when I went through the example, I increased the bid by 80% when it came to targeting women and getting conversions from them as opposed to men. Now, in order to work out by what percentage you need to increase or decrease your bid, you need to know in real numbers how much more valuable is that demographic than a different one. And in your CRM, you should be able to see that. And actually, I speak to a lot of advertisers where this data exists. It's in a combination of their CRM, their ad account, maybe third-party tracking software if they use it, and they just need to take the time to just sit down for 90 minutes, 2 hours, go through it all, and work out so often advertisers will do that cuz I talk about this all the time and I have lots of Q&A calls and I say, go ahead and do this. And so often someone will come back to me and go, I had no idea that such and such demographic or people in this location, they're worth way more to our business. Like I can it's right there in the CRM. They're worth so much more valuable over their lifetime. I had no idea. And that's brilliant cuz then you can come in and you can create a value rule to reflect that. You may also decide to change your marketing messaging, so the copy in your ads, the messaging in your creative to more specifically target those people. Let's say, you know what, we're really going to target 35-pluses because underneath that, we just hardly make any money. They give us all the headaches and over that, they're they're significantly more valuable. As as an example. So, you really need to know your numbers. You need to know you need to be able to spot the commonalities between the different groups within your customer base, who is more valuable, who can you serve better, and then reflect that in your value rules. Knowing your numbers is useful anyway, but definitely a step you need to take before you dive in and set this up. And whilst we're on the topic of targeting, I have completely changed my retargeting strategy recently. And I demonstrate it in a lot of detail in this video here. Post Andromeda recommended campaign structure and the way of doing things has changed. Retargeting has had to change because of it. So, if you haven't already, go ahead and give this a watch.

  Top Comments:
  1. @PoojaPadalia-r4l [1 likes]: Great video ❤ one quick question please — i was watching your video about creative testing. when you add new creatives, do you also tag your catalogue/products in them? In our case, Meta mostly shows the catalogue products connected to the ad in a carousel format instead of the actual creative.
  2. @davidemoretti5888 [1 likes]: What advice would you give for a clothing e-commerce site with a daily budget of €100 that offers multiple collections and products? For example, should I run a CBO campaign with separate ad sets—one for each collection (jackets, shirts, T-shirts, jeans)—or should I run a dedicated CBO campaign for each product type or collection? 

Thank you for your response, I love your contents. ☺
  3. @Üstün_Insan [1 likes]: This channel has been pushing ads in such an aggressive way for years—always claiming there’s some “new method.” Stop making it seem so complicated or intimidating. Facebook/Meta Ads already clearly explain how things work: your results depend on your budget. Spend less, get less impact; spend more, get more.

Stop scaring people and making advertising look harder than it actually is!!
  4. @eritreafirst2857 [1 likes]: Nice video as usual Ben, you can you make a video about DPA, i used to get great results using DPA for before 2023, is it still working for ecommerce, earlier using most of product in the dpa for fashion and furniture was gold, is it still working? Hope you answer here or with a video so people in ecommerce can get benefit from your valuable experience.
  5. @BenHeath: Get personal Meta Ads feedback from me (live) for less than $60 per session:
👉 https://www.skool.com/benheath/about
Let my agency run your Meta ads for you:
👉 https://heathmedia.co.uk/done-for-you/
  6. @ShilaDas-e5l: Great video
  7. @Ccdesignsofficial: Great video let me try it out
  8. @Naveed_IDK: Could have been way easier. For location yu have to put specific location in value rules. So for every ad will I create a new value rue?  Then why do they even keep the location targeting in the actual ad?
  9. @sanjibmunda724: So nice vedio
  10. @a7madksb: Helpful video ❤
  11. @praniczadhikari1123: @BenHeath please post video how do we set ads these days please
  12. @are3s_249: Im commenting because i have been pursuing this and i just recently got my first client off of cold calling and i would hope if someone on youe team could help me this can really save my life please i have him waiting need help man
  13. @kotowassiya666: I highly recommend this video, although there are many like it.
  14. @GiancarloVeramendi: Do I have to create a new post to implement this? I have a reboost post that I am trying to add the value rules to an existing campaing
  15. @simonetait5849: Have you seen the new feature called customer lifecycle strategy, it is a bit confusing because it asks if you want more conversions or new customers. But don't we want both? How do you use this feature to get the most out of your ad campaign?
  16. @AbuRayhan-xz4yc: Great and helpful video, i like this
  17. @benhofmeister7663: Great video, a question I have as a beginner is what database set ups do you suggest e.g. what CRM & third party systems should I use to make sure I am feeding Meta high quality data and able to query data when I need to?
  18. @hackerjocker8083: Why did the dubbing move to Arabic?
  19. @vincentchong7288: Meta just launched its MCP server, which means you can now connect it to ChatGPT, Claude, or other similar AI tools. I’ve only tested it for retrieving information from my ads account so far, and it works. I’ve also seen others sharing that they’re using it to create ads, but I haven’t tested that part yet. Hope you can make a video showing how to set it up, and I’d also love to hear your thoughts on the possible use cases for this new feature!
  20. @joeyy_k: I also found that my campaigns worked better on CBO than on ABO. If you still want to allocate some budget, you can use Ad set spending limits. What's your opinion on that?

- How to Find Your Target Audience in 2025 6 Step Framework + Free Templates: Kind: captions Language: en You know that your product or service&nbsp; is great. You know it helps people,&nbsp;&nbsp; but your content's not landing. Your ads&nbsp; aren't converting. Your DMs are dry. The&nbsp;&nbsp; problem usually isn't your offer. It's that&nbsp; you haven't nailed who you're talking to,&nbsp;&nbsp; where they're spending their time, or how&nbsp; to actually reach them. So, in this video,&nbsp;&nbsp; we're going to piece that puzzle together step by&nbsp; step. We'll map out how to discover the who, what,&nbsp;&nbsp; where, when, and why of your target audience so&nbsp; you know how to connect with them in a way that&nbsp;&nbsp; really builds trust. I'm going to show you how&nbsp; you can figure this out manually or get a little&nbsp;&nbsp; help from AI to speed things up. Either way,&nbsp; by the end of this video, you will have a full&nbsp;&nbsp; target audience profile that you can use across&nbsp; your content, campaigns, and offer strategy.&nbsp;&nbsp; Fortunately for us, HubSpot has created an&nbsp; amazing free template to help map out and&nbsp;&nbsp; keep track of your audience. I'll be showing you&nbsp; how to fill it in throughout the video, so grab&nbsp;&nbsp; it now for free. The link is in the description.&nbsp; Let's piece your target persona together. Before [Music] you can figure out who you're talking&nbsp; to, you need to get really clear on what you're&nbsp;&nbsp; actually offering them and why it matters. I'm&nbsp; not talking about your offer on the surface.&nbsp;&nbsp; I'm talking about the real transformation&nbsp; that you're offering. So, for example, me,&nbsp;&nbsp; I don't just teach YouTube and podcast strategy.&nbsp; I help small business owners show up online with&nbsp;&nbsp; video easily to build trust and turn content&nbsp; into consistent leads without becoming full-time&nbsp;&nbsp; content creators. See the difference? One&nbsp; is a service and the other is a solution&nbsp;&nbsp; to someone's actual problem with a what, why,&nbsp; and how. So, let's do yours. First, I'm going&nbsp;&nbsp; to show you how to do it by yourself and then&nbsp; we'll get a little help from the robots. [Music] To do it yourself, grab a pen, open a notion&nbsp; document, a Google doc, notes on your phone,&nbsp;&nbsp; whatever you use to brain dump. Start by writing&nbsp; down four things. One, what product or service&nbsp;&nbsp; do you offer? Two, what's the transformation&nbsp; it creates? Think saves time, reduces stress,&nbsp;&nbsp; increases revenue, builds confidence. Three,&nbsp; what values are likely most important to your&nbsp;&nbsp; audience? Now, I don't mean features, I mean&nbsp; vibes. The why behind someone choosing you over&nbsp;&nbsp; someone else? Think simplicity, affordability,&nbsp; empowerment, sustainability, transparency,&nbsp;&nbsp; you get it. And four, why are you doing this&nbsp; work? What's your personal why behind the&nbsp;&nbsp; brand? You don't need it to be perfect right&nbsp; now. Just get it out. The clarity will come. [Music] Now, let's get Google Gemini to help. This&nbsp; is free. Just go to gemini.google.com. And here's&nbsp;&nbsp; the prompt that you can use. Here's my business.&nbsp; Insert your business description or website link.&nbsp;&nbsp; What transformation am I really selling? And&nbsp; how would you describe that in plain relatable&nbsp;&nbsp; language that connects with my ideal audience?&nbsp; [Music] Follow up with, "What values are most&nbsp;&nbsp; likely important to my audience and which ones&nbsp; should I emphasize to stand out from competitors?"&nbsp;&nbsp; Seriously, Gemini is really good at cutting&nbsp; through the fluff. I use it like a business coach&nbsp;&nbsp; in my back pocket. Now, open your free HubSpot&nbsp; audience segmentation spreadsheet. Remember,&nbsp;&nbsp; it is linked in the description. Go to the&nbsp; behavioral section and find product and service&nbsp;&nbsp; values. Drop in the two to three core values&nbsp; that best represent what your offer stands for&nbsp;&nbsp; and how it builds trust. These values aren't just&nbsp; feel-good words. They'll shape your messaging,&nbsp;&nbsp; visuals, tone, and overall brand vibe. So,&nbsp; this is where the magic starts. [Music] If your target audience is anyone who needs this,&nbsp; you don't have a strategy. You have a guessing&nbsp;&nbsp; game. The truth is vague audiences lead to vague&nbsp; content. And vague content doesn't convert. Let's&nbsp;&nbsp; fix that. [Music] If you're doing it yourself,&nbsp; it's time to go into detective mode. Go to Reddit,&nbsp;&nbsp; Kora, or even Facebook groups and search for&nbsp; topics related to your offer. For example,&nbsp;&nbsp; I could search YouTube advice on Reddit&nbsp; and I'll see all of these questions and&nbsp;&nbsp; answers that I can now analyze. Now,&nbsp; remember, you're not just lurking,&nbsp;&nbsp; you're listening. Look for questions that come&nbsp; up over and over again. The exact language people&nbsp;&nbsp; use when they describe their pain points. Any&nbsp; posts that say, "I wish there was something&nbsp;&nbsp; that those are gold." Write down what you're&nbsp; noticing. Common challenges, desires, worries,&nbsp;&nbsp; anything that paints a picture of the&nbsp; real human behind the screen. [Music] Now, if you already did your what and why prompt&nbsp; with Google Gemini, type this in the same Gemini&nbsp;&nbsp; thread. Who are the top three types of people&nbsp; most likely searching for this solution? What&nbsp;&nbsp; do they care about and what do they struggle&nbsp; with? Boom. You're going to get a breakdown of&nbsp;&nbsp; personas that you can build from. Get even&nbsp; deeper by asking follow-up questions like,&nbsp;&nbsp; "What motivates this person to take action?" or&nbsp; what kind of content would resonate the most with&nbsp;&nbsp; them. To keep track of all this information, open&nbsp; up your HubSpot audience segmentation spreadsheet.&nbsp;&nbsp; In the demographics section, fill in things&nbsp; like age range, gender, income, and education if&nbsp;&nbsp; relevant. And then you'll move into psychoraphics.&nbsp; This is the fun stuff. What do they value? What do&nbsp;&nbsp; they fear? What's driving their decisions? Okay,&nbsp; we've identified who they are. Now, let's figure&nbsp;&nbsp; out where they hang out and when they're the&nbsp; most likely to say yes to your offer. [Music]&nbsp;&nbsp; Knowing who your audience is isn't enough.&nbsp; You need to know where they scroll,&nbsp;&nbsp; what city they're in, and when they're the most&nbsp; likely to say, "Yeah, this is exactly what I need&nbsp;&nbsp; right now." This section is about uncovering&nbsp; three things. Where they spend time online,&nbsp;&nbsp; what's going on in their life when they're&nbsp; searching for help, and the realworld places&nbsp;&nbsp; like cities, countries, and communities that&nbsp; they live and work in. Let's break it down. To figure out where your target audience hangs&nbsp; out online, start with competitors. Check out&nbsp;&nbsp; who's commenting on their Instagram, their&nbsp; YouTube, their Tik Toks. What kind of people&nbsp;&nbsp; are engaging? Then look at your own analytics.&nbsp; YouTube, Instagram, Facebook, LinkedIn,&nbsp;&nbsp; even Google Analytics. This way, you can figure&nbsp; out what platforms they are the most active on.&nbsp;&nbsp; To discover when they're ready to buy, think&nbsp; about key life or business moments that push&nbsp;&nbsp; them towards action. Are they launching&nbsp; something, scaling, dealing with burnout,&nbsp;&nbsp; hiring a new team member, doom scrolling at&nbsp; night? Finally, you want to understand where&nbsp;&nbsp; they are in the world. Look at your analytics for&nbsp; top cities or countries. Think about language,&nbsp;&nbsp; time zones, or cultural events that may affect&nbsp; how and when they interact with your content or&nbsp;&nbsp; offers. If you want some help, open up your Google&nbsp; Gemini thread and say, "Based on this persona,&nbsp;&nbsp; where do they spend time online? What platforms&nbsp; do they trust? and what times or events trigger&nbsp;&nbsp; their need for this solution. Also include&nbsp; likely geographic regions, countries,&nbsp;&nbsp; or cities where this audience is concentrated. Let&nbsp; Gemini do the heavy lifting and then layer in what&nbsp;&nbsp; you already know from your audience or community.&nbsp; Jump back into your HubSpot audience segmentation&nbsp;&nbsp; template and fill in technographics. Here you'll&nbsp; include what platforms they're using, what tools&nbsp;&nbsp; they trust, where they scroll and search, and&nbsp; geographics. So, cities, countries, languages,&nbsp;&nbsp; time zones, anything that affects when and how&nbsp; they might interact with you. You've got a full&nbsp;&nbsp; picture now. Who they are, what they care about,&nbsp; where they scroll, and when they're ready to take&nbsp;&nbsp; action. Final puzzle piece coming up now. How to&nbsp; speak their language and build real trust. [Music] To connect with your audience, you have to sound&nbsp; like someone they trust. Someone who gets them,&nbsp;&nbsp; their bestie, if you will. It's not just about&nbsp; what you say. It's about how you say it. Let's&nbsp;&nbsp; talk about how to use everything we've gathered so&nbsp; far to speak their language in a way that builds&nbsp;&nbsp; real connection. [Music] Here's how to do it&nbsp; manually. Go back to the research you did on&nbsp;&nbsp; Reddit, Kora, YouTube comments, wherever&nbsp; people are talking. What exact phrases,&nbsp;&nbsp; metaphors, or questions do they use? Skim reviews&nbsp; or testimonials from your niche on a website like&nbsp;&nbsp; Trustpilot. What's the emotional language that&nbsp; people use when they describe their problems&nbsp;&nbsp; or wins? Practice rewriting your homepage,&nbsp; Instagram bio, or sales pitch using their words,&nbsp;&nbsp; not yours. Even swapping one or two phrases&nbsp; can make your message land way better. If you've filled out the HubSpot sheet or you&nbsp; have your research saved, you can paste that&nbsp;&nbsp; Google Sheet link or your brainstorming document&nbsp; right into Gemini, just make sure that it's set to&nbsp;&nbsp; anyone with the link can view. Or if you've&nbsp; been chatting with Gemini this whole time,&nbsp;&nbsp; just say based on this persona and their&nbsp; challenges, what tone, phrases, or messaging&nbsp;&nbsp; would feel natural and trustworthy to them?&nbsp; Give me examples of headlines, Instagram bios,&nbsp;&nbsp; video hooks, and email subject lines that would&nbsp; stop them midscroll. [Music] You can even upload&nbsp;&nbsp; a sales page, landing page, or website and ask&nbsp; Gemini, can you rewrite this using the tone and&nbsp;&nbsp; language that would resonate with this audience?&nbsp; It's like having a brand voice editor on standby. [Music] All right, now you've got all&nbsp; the puzzle pieces, but let's talk about&nbsp;&nbsp; implementation because this shouldn't just&nbsp; live in a spreadsheet. For my AI lovers,&nbsp;&nbsp; open up Google Gemini and say,&nbsp; "Create a Google Doc summarizing&nbsp;&nbsp; the key details of my target audience based&nbsp; on everything we've discussed." [Music] From there, name the chat something like your&nbsp; brand name, audience persona, so you can reuse&nbsp;&nbsp; it. You can now ask it to write things in&nbsp; your audience's tone, like YouTube titles&nbsp;&nbsp; and video scripts, website headers and product&nbsp; descriptions, ad copy and email subject lines,&nbsp;&nbsp; even your Instagram bio. It's like giving Gemini&nbsp; a cheat sheet for your brand voice. If you're&nbsp;&nbsp; doing this manually, use your gut. Anytime you're&nbsp; about to write or say something for your brand,&nbsp;&nbsp; pause and ask, "If my ideal customer overheard&nbsp; this at a coffee shop, would they lean in or&nbsp;&nbsp; tune out?" That one question will instantly make&nbsp; your messaging tighter, more human, and way more&nbsp;&nbsp; effective. Your audience isn't a mystery. You&nbsp; just need a better system for finding them,&nbsp;&nbsp; listening to them, and talking to them. So, grab&nbsp; the free segmentation template linked below.&nbsp;&nbsp; This is what I use on every single project to&nbsp; get clear on who I'm talking to and how to reach&nbsp;&nbsp; them. Then comment below and drop a blurb about&nbsp; your target audience and I'll see if it needs&nbsp;&nbsp; any tweaking or additional information. If this&nbsp; video helped you out, hit that like button and&nbsp;&nbsp; subscribe for more weekly videos designed to&nbsp; help make your marketing more accessible. If&nbsp;&nbsp; you haven't already watched my chat GBT prompts&nbsp; for business video, I'm going to link it at the&nbsp;&nbsp; end of this video. You can use any of the prompts&nbsp; in it in Google Gemini as well to help implement&nbsp;&nbsp; AI into your marketing efforts. Thanks so much&nbsp; for hanging out with me. My name is Bridget Oor.&nbsp;&nbsp; Feel free to connect with me online and I'll see&nbsp; you next week. Bye. [Music] [Applause] [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @HubSpotMarketing [6 likes]: FREE TEMPLATES! Get the HubSpot Audience Segmentation Spreadsheet mentioned in the video 🔗 https://clickhubspot.com/976eaf
  2. @Codigo-e-Sabedoria [4 likes]: The 6-step framework is incredibly practical. I especially appreciate how you emphasized going beyond basic demographics to understand what problems people are actually trying to solve. That shift in perspective makes all the difference when creating content.
  3. @MohammdAhmed-w3f [3 likes]: I can't imagine how I lived without neural networks before
  4. @Codigo-e-Sabedoria [1 likes]: The framework here is really practical. What stood out to me is how understanding your audience goes beyond just demographics - it's about actually listening to the language they use and the problems they're trying to solve. That detective mode research tip about finding where your audience hangs out is something I'll definitely be applying.
  5. @ConfidenceBestie [1 likes]: what if you are not sure about the transformation bcs you help so many diffrent people with diffent issues ?
  6. @talarha: This feels like a very long google gemini ad
  7. @SkillsandAI: Great, I like the video and how you deliver the lessons
  8. @getmindsdotai: The "everyone = no one" trap hits small business owners hardest. Target audience research used to mean €20k agency budgets you couldn't afford anyway. Now you can run the same analysis in an afternoon with AI panels (we built Minds for exactly this). Solo founders are pressure-testing positioning against 100 simulated customers before spending a euro on ads. Level playing field.
  9. @SusanLarimer: This was amazing! I walked through the steps and gained so much clarity! Thank you!  I can't find the Chat GPT prompts link, though. Can you share that, please?
  10. @thomscoolify: I got really nice explanation and video. Thank you
  11. @hhoorainsaeed: Amazing Video😊
  12. @aynua.amazonas: I wish I could like more than once. This video is so incredibly valuable. Instant sub. Thank you.
  13. @m.sworld7943: Nice
  14. @saviorking2135: This is really gold
  15. @दक्षपटेल-य2त: Clear and understandable, I wish there was more information like this.
  16. @jenwiththestars: This is fantastic. I enjoyed this video, and using Google Gemini was concise and helped!
  17. @Generativeaitools9: ❤
  18. @oluomachitimothy2295: Interesting
  19. @CarrièreDigital: Great video
  20. @AnneElliott-y3k: Thank you for explaining everything so clearly. Everything is very clear. Like for the explanation.

- If I Wanted to Grow An Audience in 2026, I'd Do This: Kind: captions Language: en Hey friends, welcome back to the channel. So in this video, I'm going to take my six years of experience of growing an online audience to over 6 million followers on YouTube and across other platforms, and I'm going to share what I would do if I was trying to grow an audience completely from scratch today. This is something I've learned absolutely loads about over the years, and people always ask me about it. And so I wanted to share my best advice. And conveniently, a few months ago, I was interviewed by my friend and fellow YouTuber and entrepreneur, Noah Kagan. And he and his audience asked me a bunch of questions around how to build an online audience. And so this video is going to be the best advice from that interview. Ideas kind of stem from niche. And for me, niche is sort of a combination of two things. There's the target and the value. Who is the target and what is the value? So for example, as a marketing agency owner, I could be targeting other marketing agency owners and teaching them how to grow their business. that would create very different content to, for example, targeting DTOC consumer brand managers and trying to teach them how to use Tik Tok ads to level up their DTOC campaigns. And once I've nailed that, at that point, I would start thinking, okay, cool. What are all the different content buckets of ideas? What's popular on blogs that are targeting that audience? What are the other YouTube channels in the space? Let's sort them by most popular views, and let's see what are their videos that have gone viral. We call this technique of viral replication, which is kind of funny. Basically, like the easiest way to get content that works is to copy the title and thumbnail of another piece of content that has worked and then just do it in your own way so you're not really plagiarizing them. That would be how I'd approach it if we were to zoom out a little. I was making very niche videos teaching people how to get into med school in the UK for specific university. Oxford, Cambridge, Imperial, UCL. Those were the only things I was targeting. very very very niche audience, but I had an unfair advantage in that space cuz I was a medical student at Cambridge and I'd been running courses teaching people how to get into med school for like 5 years at that point. So, I was making videos about what I knew. I wasn't trying to make videos trying to be a general productivity self-help guru cuz that wasn't even on the radar. It was literally just how do I add value to people that I'm comfortable I can add value to. Amy Porterfield has a concept she calls the 10% edge. Who is the audience that you're 10% ahead of that you can illuminate the path for? You can be a guide rather than a guru. So I was being a guide for medical students, helping them get into med school and then they got into med school and people started asking me for advice on how to study study for exams and I was like okay I can do that. So I read a few papers. I had studied psychology as part of my medical degree and I started sharing the Gary Vee model of document don't create. I was documenting the stuff that I was doing to study for my own exams. So again I don't need to be a guru here. I'm just literally like hey here's how I take notes. Here's how I study for this exam. Here's what I discovered about how to build a a study timetable. And again, this was this is quite niche. I I think it took me about 80 videos to get 4,000 subscribers, 50 videos to get the first 1,000. And then from that point on, people started asking me questions about productivity. They were like, "Huh, you're a medical student/d doctor and you managed to make videos and you managed to do other fun stuff on the side and it seems like you've got a social life. How are you so productive?" And I'd never really thought of the word productivity before then. This was around 2019 or something, two years into the journey where I started thinking, huh, maybe I should make videos about productivity. And now if you ask people like Ali Abdal, what's the one word that comes to mind? The word that that word would be productivity. I think it's it's interesting. It's like Ryan Holidayiday started out making content from marketing and then he kind of did some journalism type thing and then he stumbled on stoicism with the obstacle is the way and now the one word that Ryan Holidayiday is known for is stoicism and he's just doubling down on that. So similarly, I decided I wanted to double down on productivity. I'm trying to go adjacent into tech and into books and just anything associated with helping people be more productive. We really just need to figure out what is the 80/20 like how do we really 8020 the hell out of this stuff? So how do I put in a small amount of time to get the maximum bang for my buck in terms of content? Now when it comes to YouTube in particular, that comes from basically title and thumbnail in terms of the packaging of the video. If no one clicks on the title and thumbnail, no one's actually going to see the content. So spending a decent chunk of time on the packaging is super helpful. But then when it comes to the content, I think the hook plus the structure is the main thing. So for the hook, it would be the first 30 seconds. And for the structure, it would be their sort of rough three-part structure of video. Content creation can be systemized. I think people think of content creation as like a creativity thing. It's not really a creativity thing. It's more like systems and processes and SOPs thing. And actually, oh, there was a sick quote I read. Creativity is a systematic process. And I always thought creativity was like some mystical thing. I was like, I don't think I'm very creative. It's like I need creative energy, left brain, all of that stuff. But actually, it's a systematic process. It's like that that quote from some famous writer that I only write when inspiration strikes. Luckily, it strikes at 9:00 a.m. every morning. And I found that the more I can systemize my content creation, the less I need to worry about me being a creative person and the more I can actually just get results in my business. Oh, and by the way, if you're wondering about the absolutely sick background music that we've been using this video and that I've been using on my YouTube channel for the last 6 years, that has been provided by Epidemic Sound, who are very kindly sponsoring this video. Epidemic Sound are absolutely amazing. They provide a huge library of royalty-free music that you can use in pretty much whatever way you want in your videos. Epidemic owns 100% of all of the music they provide, so there is zero chance that you'll ever get hit with a copyright strike. And Epidemic Sounds library has over 40,000 tracks and 90,000 sound effects with new tracks added every single week. The music is also professionally produced and it's all original music. They've got a commercial plan and a personal plan. Now, the personal plan is the one that we as a team use personally and that's perfect for YouTubers and podcasters and bloggers or anything like that and it works on YouTube and Instagram and Facebook and all these other platforms. Or alternatively, if you happen to be a freelancer or an agency or a brand, then the commercial plan lets you use background music in your client's videos without ever worrying about a copyright strike. Also, just as an aside, one of my many income streams as a result of having this audience has been affiliate income. And actually, the Epidemic Sound affiliate program is also a great way to earn money as a creator. And also, earlier this year, the Epidemic Sound team invited me over to Sweden to visit their offices, and we took a trip to like the Arctic North, and it was absolutely sick. And they're super, super friendly, and their music studios are absolutely incredible. And so, I'm just like Epidemic Sound fanboy for life, basically. Anyway, if you want to try out Epidemic Sound, which is literally the thing I've been using for the last 6 and a half years, then you can check out the link in the video description, and you can sign up to a totally free trial of their personal or commercial plan. And in those days, you can browse their library to your heart's content and you can use any music that you want from that library. And then even if you don't want to become a paid subscriber, you can still use any of the music that you used during the trial and not worry about copyright strikes at all. So, thank you so much Epidemic Sound for sponsoring this video. There's no there's no easy answer to this. Um, everyone, I think, wants a magic bullet for consistency, but really it's about patience and it's about faith. It's about patience that it takes a long time for this stuff to see results. And it's about faith that if you do the right things and show up consistently that eventually the results will come. And that's why personally for me I find that the main strategy for consistency is to set input goals. Goals that are within my control. Like it's not within my control whether I hit 10,000 subscribers. It's not within my control whether I get a million views on a video. But it is within my control. Can I show up every week and share something authentically that I feel would add value to my target audience? And if the answer to that is yes, and I can find a way to make that process at least vaguely enjoyable and just know that I'm going to do it for 2 years. This is the thing I tell my students. If you want to do YouTube, commit to posting a video every single week for two years. That's the kind of time horizon you need to basically guarantee that it's going to change your life. The problem is when people do it like, "Oh, I'm not seeing any results 2 months later. I'm still I'm still terrible at making videos. I've never talked to a camera before in my life, but for some reason, I'm expecting results from day one." That's just completely absurd. It takes 8 years of training in the UK for medicine to get someone even remotely in front of a patient. If you're expecting six figure results, seven figure results in your business, you you cannot not put in the work. And yeah, of course people are busy, but if it was easy, everyone would have seven figure businesses based on organic content marketing. It's not. It's going to start off feeling like a really heavy lift where you're like, "Oh my god, I'm recording for an hour and I'm getting 10 minutes of content out of it. It's not worth it. It takes too long to edit." But if you push through that pain, just like you did when you were starting your business, and you start building systems and processes and using templates, hiring people to do the things you don't want to do, that's ultimately the thing that makes it consistent cuz time management only gets you so far. Like you can't time manage yourself to getting, you know, two videos a week out on YouTube while you have a full-time job, while you have a family and kids and a life. That's just not going to happen. You've got to build the systems and tools. You've got to use the knowledge that businesses use to leverage yourself so that you can create content at scale. Early on, like first like 1 year or so, literally flying by the seat of my pants, thinking, "Okay, it's a new week. I need a new video. What's the video going to be this week?" Uh, come up with ideas. Okay, cool. Let's make the video. Write it, film it, edit it. Like trying to do that all while in medical school in a week. hit upload as the video is uploading, figuring out the title and the thumbnail and just being like, "All right, cool. Slap some text on the thumbnail using Adobe Spark at the time. Upload the video. Let's move on to the next one." That was the very rough process. And then I realized fairly quickly a few months in, hang on. This is a recipe for burnout. This is not sustainable. I need to systemize the whole thing. And then I read an amazing book called The E-Myth Revisited by Michael Gerber. Uh, which is I'm sure you guys, some of you guys have read. That book completely changed my life because it introduced me to the idea of systemization and delegation. And I was like, "Oh, I get it. I need to think of my YouTube channel as a franchise, as the prototype for a franchise." So, you know how you can walk into any McDonald's anywhere in the world, and you get an identical experience, the same food, the same experience. They can put any randomass 16-year-old with zero qualifications into one of those jobs, and the 16-year-old will follow the process and will get the result for the customer. That's amazing. So, how do you therefore create systems and structures in your own business that make it a theoretical franchise? What is the system that I would follow to franchise out my YouTube channel? Okay, cool. There's a process for idea generation. There's a process for writing. There's a process for filming. There's a process for editing. There's a process for publishing, etc., etc. And initially, I was doing all of these things myself. And then very slowly over time, I started delegating small bits of that. So, now someone else does the idea generation, someone else does the research for some of the videos. I still do the writing. because I've tried outsourcing it and it's really hard to outsource writing for your own videos. Obviously, I film my own videos, but then someone else edits, someone else publishes, someone else repurposes, someone else looks at the analytics, then takes takes the footage and they will turn it into like Instagram and Twitter thread and a LinkedIn carousel and an Instagram carousel and a Tik Tok and we've got the whole repurposing process as well. Cuz what we found is that we've put in all the effort to make the video. We might as well chop it up and turn it into a Twitter thread, a LinkedIn thread, a carousel. we might as well make it sweat and repurpose it across all the different social platforms. That is what the 6 years later the evolution of the content pipeline looks like with a team of 14 people 10 of which are basically focused on the content side where we have a courses business that supports the whole thing and we have a general manager in Angus so that I don't need to worry about the day-to-day management starting off with me as a doctor trying to hustle to make videos one at a time to this whole like production empire where now I don't even know what happens on the YouTube channel. I see a video being uploaded and I'm like damn that's cool. I watch it. I give feedback to our editors while recording a loom. And it's just it's just great. So I can focus my time on the thing I actually care about, which is drawing drawing diagrams on a page and talking to a camera, which is the thing I'm good at. Everyone else does everything else, which is all the things that I'm bad at. [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @aliabdaal [64 likes]: Hope you enjoyed the video!! If you fancy getting more creator-focused tips, join CreatorNotes - my free, weekly newsletter - https://go.aliabdaal.com/creatornotesytp
  2. @deepakjamra5502: Thanks ❤
  3. @MiladAhmadi-k4j: Why this video is uploaded 2 years ago?
  4. @damomed-co: How much budget would be needed for a franchise to open a channel? Or at least, what would it cost to produce 104 videos (one per week for two years) if someone wanted to start? Sounds like a lot
  5. @fabiosaltini: Small channels, we can do this! 2026 Is our year!
  6. @NovaGamingX4: Awesome video I'm going to implement some of this for my channel
  7. @sandraangelo8778: love your content and please get rid of the annoying monotone background music. people don't have music in the background when they teach school ... you don't need that annoying feature
  8. @MBID-u: Wow,.... copy the title of a viral video and make it your style, wow okay...I'll definitely try it
  9. @NickNoctus: Thanks for the video.
  10. @josiasrobinson9487: It's Stoic Philosophy in real life.
  11. @rebeccabath5276: Ali, if that is how you describe creativity, it may be that creativity is not one of your natural traits as many artists feel it when they leave the house. It's in their bones if you know what i mean. But this seems like the logical man's guide to creativity aha. Good video!
  12. @khethealthylife: Very helpful detailed resource
  13. @SakibsDiarie: 7:15 he showed the fact, nothing is going to work in one day, patient keep faith its a long term goal not short term.. good one
  14. @Xendigo-l5q: Impressive 😍 
I'M new to Ur channel
  15. @TylerBennett-d5i: Smart and efficient—create from real convos, not guesswork.
  16. @Nastybird: Pls teach me too how will I make 3 d cartoon videos and get millions views
  17. @OliverMartin-j1c6c: No more fluff. This was packed with smart strategies that actually attract the right people.
  18. @persainwithatena: Great!
  19. @DasBlink: This content is so captivating, it almost made me forget about the video I just uploaded! Keep up the great work!
  20. @prophecyrevelations5653: I feel sorry for you young people. Ruins your future. Many of u will be suicidal once u realize ur wasting ur life on social media. I never used it. In my mid 20's I turned my back on ALL social media & started my own business 10 years ago. In 2021 I became a millionaire! Im President & CEO of my own corporation. REAL Success is ONLY achieved in the REAL WORLD....food for thought

- Is Advantage+ Audience RUINING Your Facebook Ads in 2026?: Kind: captions Language: en Should you turn off Advantage Plus audiences in your Facebook ads? Well, I just spent $2,500 testing this and I'm going to share with you guys exactly what I found so we can answer this question once and for all. And the results might surprise you. So, let's just jump in and talk about it. All right, so we are here in my ad account and I'm going to share with you guys how I set this up. But from a highle overview, I set up one campaign or two separate campaigns. Okay, campaign number one which has an advantage plus audience in it. And then I have campaign number two which is just a broad campaign. Now for all the ads that I run I typically just stay with broad. It reduces the amount of complexity in the ad account. So again one is just broad with that has tight age ranges. One of them is a vantage plus that's also broad. Okay. Now inside of this I kept the same exact ad inside. Okay. So I made no different changes. Same exact copy, same exact image. It's just an image ad. Okay. Nothing different. The only difference was how I set up the adsets. So before I give you guys the results, let's just talk about what Advantage Plus audiences is, okay? And when this was released, this was released about a year and a half, two years ago, and it was uh one of Meta's ways to, hey, we're going to start to go further than the audience you give us, and we're going to use our artificial intelligence to find the right people for your ads. Okay, so this happened, and then, you know, six months later, Andromeda happened. And the big message with Andromeda is the creative does the targeting. My question was okay well if the creative does the targeting does the adset advantage plus audience matter or not? Like does this also help with the algorithm? That was my initial question I had because a lot of people in 2025 were saying hey just do broad don't do advantage plus. Then in 2026 everybody is saying leave advantage plus on and just send the best pixel data back. So, it left me thinking, well, what's the best way to do it? So, I went ahead and made this test and I'm going to give you guys the results that I got after just testing this with 2500 bucks, right? Ready? So, let's jump in. Okay, so coming back to this here again, I have two different campaigns, one ad set in each campaign. And let me show you how I set this test up before I I go through the results. So, this one with Advantage Plus on, I did put value rules on this. And the reason I used value rules was because this will allow this to be a fair test. If I didn't and I had set age parameters that are very strict in the broad campaign, typically I advertise to 25 to 45 year olds. That's like my ideal avatar. So that is what the broad campaign is set up as. So we can kind of scroll down and I'll I'll do that one first. But you'll see advantage plus audience over here is turned off. To get to this settings, there's typically a button here on the advantage plus that will say click here to further limit the reach of your ads. So, I clicked on that, which used to say, do you want to use the original audience settings? Now, they've used the verbiage of this is going to limit your performance of your ads. And I went in here, all right, for the broad campaign, and I set a strict age parameter. I turned off use as a suggestion, okay? Because if you don't, like if I just turn this thing on here, advantage plus is on. Okay? So, if you didn't know that, just turn this off and that's what's going to turn off advantage plus in your campaigns. Okay? And then in the other one, because I didn't have that, I didn't want to suggest an audience. That's silly. But you can set more direction of like spending with the value rules. So I came over here in the value rules and I set a value rule. So what this does is this will decrease my bid because Facebook is a bidding auction platform. It'll decrease the bid how much it'll I'm willing to pay for anybody outside of the age range of 25 to 45. Right? So, if they're 18 to 24 or they are 45 and above, I'm going to decrease the bid by 90%. I'm 90% less likely. Do not put put my money in front of these people unless you are 100% sure they're going to convert. Okay, so that's how I set these two adsets up. Now, let's look at the results. Okay, so we spent $1,284 about $1,285 on the advantage plus and then with the broad campaign I spent $1,280. All right, and now drum roll results. They're pretty much the same. Okay, there is pretty much no significant difference between these two. Okay, and this was actually surprising to me. I thought the advantage plus audience with value rules would outperform the broad campaign, but for the event that I'm optimizing for, there was no significant change. Okay, look at the difference. There was one person that converted more uh on the broad campaign. Now, let's kind of keep going into the more of the data to see was there anything else that was affected. CPMs, this is how much it costs you to put this ad in front of a thousand people. It was about the same. Okay, a little bit more expensive for broad and a little less expensive for Advantage Plus. But looking at this, this is not significantly different. Okay, the cost to be put in front of a thousand accounts, this could be shown to more people, etc. or the same person over and over again. And this is like unique people. It's pretty much the same. Okay, so all these numbers look the same. The frequency was a little bit higher on Advantage Plus than broad. And that's because it did do a little bit more retargeting. I mean, not a ton. If we want to walk go through the breakdowns, I set this campaign up as a sales campaign even though it's a lead campaign because it would allow me to see how much money was spent between engaged users, existing customers, and new audiences. This is set by me. And you can, if you are an advertiser, you can set that in the advertising settings. And engaged audience is anybody that's been to my website in the last I think it's 180 to 365 days. I'm not sure, but the last 6 to 12 months have they been to my website? And you can see Advantage Plus did have a little bit more spending there, right? about $25 more, which people have been saying, "Oh, yeah, you're going to get a lot of retargeting with Advantage Plus audiences." Well, looking at this now, regardless of what you do, you're going to get a decent amount of retargeting. About a third of my budget on both of these campaigns went to retargeting. Okay? So, even if you go broad, you're going to get retargeting. How I set this up, this might be a little advanced, but for those who are into the weeds like me, I have the first click Cappy imports is passed back into the ad account. So, I'm optimizing these ads based off of new leads, not like who who click on the ad the first time and uh become a lead. So, this is optimized for new leads, but again, it's still going to be getting in front of engaged audience, which is uh people who are already existing in my network. Okay, so let's keep coming down the results. Click rate was a little bit higher on broad, but again, not significantly different. Maybe 25 cent different cost per click, but nothing super significant. Okay, so right out the gate, I'm gonna just, you know, say this. I don't think it matters. I think if you use Advantage Plus with value rules or you go broad, I don't think it matters. I think post Andromeda, the thing that does the targeting is the creative. And we can see that just by this campaign structure here, right? We are limited. You could say, "Hey Matt, well, what if I put a lookalike audience in one of these and had a very tight age range and I did a lookalike with Vantage Plus?" I imagine that the Advantage Plus would win because it's going to go well beyond that. And Facebook is encouraging us to spend money on a broader audiences. So for me, I always use broad campaigns in my ad account and the clients I work with unless we're doing DM ads or you know follower ads. I I will often experiment with lookike audiences, interest sacks, etc. because quality matters there and we can't yet uh say yet optimize for qualified leads or qualified DMs. I may have found a way to use copy imports with DMs. We'll see. We'll see. So, but uh we'll wait on that. Okay. So, first glance, it doesn't matter. Make better ads. Now, second thing I want to show, we're going to go in a little bit more advanced data. So, if that's all you need to hear, cool. You can you can stop watching the video. If you guys want to go into some more nitty-gritty weeds with me, let's keep going. So, this event that I optimize for here is for complete registration. And this means qualified leads. So, anybody who's coming in through this funnel, they go to my website and they have to answer a question before they opt in. Are you making at least 5K per month? So, you're not a beginner. Well, you're still beginner 5K a month, but you know, you're not like, I don't have any clients. And then, can you invest at least a thousand bucks a month? And if they say yes to that, that's what fires this qualified events. Okay, so that means we still have some people who opted in who were not a qualified lead. So, let's just look at that. Okay, and I use Hyro as my plugin for ad data. So, I'm going to go ahead and make this bigger. So, in total, so hopefully you guys can see my 71 column over here. So, again, these are the qualified leads. There was 71 qualified that came from advantage plus 72 from broad. Total number of leads was 147. So about half of them were qualified. It's pretty good. And then from the broad about 159 came in. So we got more leads and actually were lower quality relative to the percentage that came in. And then uh this is new leads. So this is the first time they ever entered their information into the system. Again I optimize for this. The results column over here again is for qualified leads and it's firstclick attribution. That means that this is the first ad that they clicked that got them into the ecosystem. That's what I'm optimizing my ads for. Okay. So, we got more leads essentially from the broad campaign, but the quality uh technically was worse if we look at the percentage, but again, it's so significantly not different uh at all. Like it it to me I'm still going to go broad. Now, you also see in here, you'll be like, "Well, Matt, it looks like you got some calls booked too with the Advantage Plus or with Abroad. More than Advantage Plus." Yeah, sure. I got four calls booked. This event, this is for a free miniourse. Most of the people will not book within the first seven to 14 days. They'll often book about two to three months after some being 6 months plus. So, this campaign or this funnel is a very long-term nurture funnel. It's not meant to get calls. I mean, if we get calls, great, but it's not designed for that on the front end. So, we did get four calls that came from the broad audience, and only one of those was quality. With the Advantage Plus, it had one call, zero qualified calls. And again, you might like, well, Matt, that's got four more calls. Why wouldn't we just optimize for this? I wouldn't do this. Like, it's just going to make it so much harder for you. Again, it doesn't matter if it's broad or advantage plus. But whatever event you want, that's what you should optimize the ads for. So, for me, I wanted for this one, for this test, complete registration. So, I wanted qualified leads. If I had changed this for, hey, I want booked calls. The numbers may look a little different. But again, what I'm I'm trying to get across is I don't want you to think, oh, this got more calls, this must be better. It got more leads. It must be better. No, that's not necessarily the case. It's not significant. And then two, the event that I'm optimizing for is for qualified leads. Okay, so really cool uh data. I I was really excited to test this. And you know what I would like to know is if you guys want any other me to test any more things, let me know. Okay, like you can drop this in the comments below. Like, dude, this was super cool. Like, you spent $2,500 to test this. You know what else would be really cool to test is this. Like, let me know cuz this was a really fun video for me to create cuz I got to learn from it, too. All right, but end of the day, if you guys watch this, the question is, will Advantage Plus ruin my ad accounts? The answer is no. Okay, the biggest thing that you can do right now post Andromeda in this age is optimize for the right events and make ads that call out your ideal avatar. your ads today. Do the targeting. Okay? And that's shown just by Advantage Plus verse broad. All right? So, that's all I got for today, guys. Hope you guys enjoy this. If you like videos like this, smash the subscribe button for more videos and we'll talk soon.

  Top Comments:
  1. @zeeshanzeeshan1149 [1 likes]: very educational.thanks. what would you say if it comes to a new pixel? still go with ADV?
  2. @TaylorWhittier-k7f [1 likes]: Can you also do advantage plus creative and advantage plus placements
  3. @thefreedomethod [1 likes]: Did retargetting changed? no longer works to do 120 day engagement,...
  4. @bethanamuneeswar7057 [1 likes]: You are the person really good in showing the actual real world stuffs in advertising
  5. @hanee012 [1 likes]: Hi Matt,
Thanks so much for sharing your insights—I just subscribed to your channel.
Quick question: did you compare results by age group, and were both campaigns spending roughly the same amount across those segments?
I run an online clothing store and use UGC from women in their 20s. When I turn on Advantage+ targeting, Meta ends up delivering more impressions to the 55–65+ age group instead of my core audience (ages 22–45). 
While the styles aren’t really designed for that demographic, they are converting, which makes me wonder whether my situation should be handled differently than yours.
  6. @LifeHacker8 [1 likes]: Why value rules? Why not in pure ADV+ let creatives decide the right ages. After all that’s the whole point if ADV+ as per Meta 😅
  7. @jagnole26 [1 likes]: I turn them off on all my lead gen campaigns. Too many times I get junk leads and the feedback loop makes it spiral out of control.
  8. @polak3015: But you didn't do a straight up comparison because you changed how much you're willing to spend on certain audiences. A proper test would have been leaving it in its default state.
  9. @denisthetuna: What about the age frame the ad was shown to ? also same? the both ads was shown to the age you want or they are different ?
  10. @ok373737: You did the best possible A/B test with your budget. BUT 71/72 conversions per variant is not enough. 
We'll need probably a few thousands of conversion per variants to reach statistical significance .
  11. @pedrosoares7139: That was VERY helpful. Thanks!
  12. @chrismurrrrphy: Great Value as always here Matt!
  13. @lena_ai21: For anyone interested in creating promotional videos for their products using artificial intelligence, I'll guide you to a platform that produces any video, in any style and language you want, in just two minutes. The link is in my bio
  14. @Insightful_Pipe_MCP_Connectors: Legend
  15. @nguyenngockhanh43: Great video. This was awesome. Thank you Dr. Matt:face-red-heart-shape:
  16. @MC1-z9j: Hey, Matt. Thanks for doing the experiment and video. I'm running a CBO for purchase conversions (clothing brand) and haven't been able to turn off Adv+ Audience since some time last year. When I click off "use as a suggestion" Adv+ On is still in the corner - any ideas? Do you think it matters for this type of campaign? Thanks!
  17. @GuaranteedPPC: Advantage+ works particularly well in 1) Large niches 2) Where you have a good strong set of traffic going to your site already that converts from what we have found at our firm.
  18. @teachloop-in: Hi matt awsome video as always, i had an issue is that i have a qualification form on the LP before making a lead to book the call, but the leads fill it incorrectly, they get technically qualified, and Pixles fires and it becomes a vicious cycle of junk leads. any soluiton?
  19. @kapilvirani: I know you use GHL to send data back to Facebook using CAPI. What do when you're using a different LMS like Kajabi?
  20. @newtrendcomputernetworksllc: Great video — insightful and engaging. Really appreciated the value shared here. Thanks for posting content that teaches and inspires

- How Meta Ads Targeting Really Works After the Andromeda Update (2025–2026 Guide): Kind: captions Language: en In this video, I'm going to explain in simple English how Meta Ads targeting works now after the big algorithm change often called Andromeda and exactly how to adjust your setup so your ads start performing again. So, give me a few minutes and I'll save you months of testing all the wrong things. We're going to cover what actually changed and why your old targeting now underperforms, the new targeting mindset Meta wants you to use, a simple campaign structure that fits with the update, and how to optimize without breaking your learning. Chapters are linked in the description. So, let's get into it. So, chapter one, what Meta changed, the plain English version. Previously, Meta struggled with the first step of delivery, which is ad retrieval. That's the bit where the system picks a short list of ads that could be shown to a person. There were millions and millions of ads out there and not enough computing power to consider them all fairly. So, the system tended to find an early winner and pile all of your budget into one two three creatives. Broad catch all messages did well, but more niche messaging and targeting didn't really work. After the Andromeda update, Meta rebuilt that retrieval engine, and it's said to be up to 10,000 times faster. Think it is swapping a tired old librarian for a Formula 1 pick route. The system consider far more ads, much faster, build a better short list for each individual person to receive specific ads. It doesn't just know that you like shoes, for example. It knows that you like red flip-flops for the beach and it can quickly retrieve the best ads to sell you that product. The result is less reliance on microtargeting within the adset and more weight on what's inside your actual ad, such as the copy, the visuals, and the target customer pain points to decide who is going to see it. Today, budget spreads across more creatives because Meta can match different ads to different people. So, you'll see your budget distributed much more evenly in the future. Now, if your performance has recently dipped, it's because your old setup was built for the old audience targeting. Now, where Meta picked one or two winners and pushed all of your budget into those ads, that era is over. So, chapter two, the new targeting mindset. The old mindset was that you'll build a super specific audience and show them one or two broadly described ads. The new mindset is you'll keep the audience broad and your ads themselves will act as the targeting. In practice, that means building meaningfully different ads, not near duplicates with just different hooks. You want variety in concepts and angles, problem solution, pain points, testimonials, demos, comparisons, etc. In terms of your ad formats, you're going to want a good mix of short video, long video, static images, carousels, collections, and more. In terms of audience personas, speak to different types of awareness levels. Unaware, problem aware, solution aware, product aare, and most aware. This is your traditional marketing targeting that is now becoming more relevant for meta in 2026 and beyond. Your copy and your creative become your keywords if you're into SEO. So, make it obvious who the ad is for and what outcome that they will get. So, this video is sponsored by GoHigh Level. If you don't already have a CRM hooked into Meta, you're leaving money on the table. GoHigh Level pulls leads straight into pipelines, triggers instant emails and texts, and makes follow-up automatic. We use it because it's allin-one, like HubSpot, but way cheaper. Use the link below for an extended trial. Chapter three, improve your targeting with this simple campaign structure. It's so much easier. So, here's a structure we're rolling out across accounts because it fits the new system and it keeps you sane through simplicity. So, simply have a single campaign per performance objective that you're trying to achieve. If all you want is leads, whether that be on forms or through your website, just create one single campaign. If you want to achieve leads and you want to achieve direct website sales, you will need two different campaigns, one sales, one leads, then limit your adsets as much as possible. Most of the time at the moment, we're using just one adset with a broad audience targeting via advantage plus. You may need more adsets only if you want to retarget at specific stages because this means you can reach your retargeting audience with different content. We then build 20 plus ads within each ad set. Our ads are written for a variety of audience personas. For example, we're just redesigning a campaign for a legal services client. And previously, we ran multiple ads for their employment law services. Whereas now, we're niching down and we have ads that talk about workplace discrimination, constructive dismissal, maternity issues, negotiated exits, etc. Each audience persona is suffering different problems and the algorithm can now match the most suitable audience to the most suitable ad. Previously, it couldn't. So, we just needed really broad messaging. So, chapter four is what to do with warm audiences. As mentioned earlier, if you want specific content to reach your retargeting audience, then you'll need a separate ad set that is set up specifically just to target that remarketing audience, that warm audience. Outside of that, retargeting is already baked into the advantage plus algorithm. So, if somebody goes to your website via Google Ads, you can almost guarantee the next time they visit a meta platform, they will be seeing your ads. So only broaden your adsets if you want retargeting audience to see specific retargeting content. Chapter five, let's talk about tracking because for all of this to work properly, you need great data integrations. Your pixel must be set up with various website actions properly recorded and tracking correctly. Then you must have your conversion API sorted. After this, within the advertising settings section, make sure you tell the system who your active customers are and who your engaged audience is. If you have a CRM, integrate it into Meta Ads Manager so it can see and understand your pipeline. And if you have customer lists of all the people you've previously worked for, worked with, even upload it into a custom audience. Meta needs all this data to consider how to use your advertising and target effectively. If you want to understand how to do all of that, subscribe to this channel and follow our simple guides. So, I hope this helps and we will see you next time. But you have to implement all of that stuff post Andromeda if you want to be successful.

  Top Comments:
  1. @KashafButt33 [2 likes]: Can you plz teach me how to create a ad account in business suit and how it works and we boost add plz teach me for the zero class it's mean you teach me for starting I am from Pakistan and I watched your many videos but I can't understand you're English is very tough and you speak very fast this way I don't understand😅😅 😅😅
  2. @sean_stone_spillover_commerce [1 likes]: This was REALLY helpful. Great video. Thanks for putting this out!
  3. @AcademyHomeBuyers [1 likes]: Are you using dynamic creative?  I was doing very well with dynamic creative in the past
  4. @dmmarketerarif: Hi, I noticed your videos have great content but very low SEO score (32/100). Titles, tags & descriptions aren’t optimized, that’s why reach is low. I do YouTube SEO and can help you grow fast 🚀. Want me to share some ideas?
  5. @nasrodineelghalbzouri4849: I sell furniture online and would love your advice on campaign structure:
	1.	Should I run separate campaigns for each product category (e.g., mirrors, buffets, side tables), or is it better to group all categories into one broader campaign?
	2.	For creatives, is it recommended to keep Dynamic Catalog Carousels in the same campaign as my manual single images and single videos, or should they be separated?

- Narrow Targeting (Laser Targeting) in Facebook Ads Explained | Perfect Audience Strategy 2026 | #20: Kind: captions Language: en A client comes to me and tells me, Sir, I am a fitness coach and I sell weight loss programs. And I have been generating leads through Facebook ads for quite some time. But I am not able to get quality leads. Whenever I call, the person on the other end says, Sir, I was just exploring. I was doing competitive analysis. No, I am not interested. So in this way I started getting more fake leads. And he said, Sir, I target fitness people in detail targeting. Why am I still not getting quality leads ? And then we understood this problem in detail. And we just created a simple strategy due to which today they are getting quality leads and their program has started selling 2x to 5x. So the name of that strategy is narrow targeting. Yes friends, today we are going to talk about narrow targeting. So narrow targeting means passing the audience through multiple filters and logic so that only qualified people see the ad. I know you might not have understood this definition. Let me show you a simple example of this. For example, suppose you are looking for a boy for marriage. Ok? So you do two types of targeting. One thing is that you will do broad targeting. Secondly, you will do narrow targeting. What will you do in broad targeting ? You will select only mail. So will you be able to reach your audience just by selecting mail? But if you do narrow targeting then what will you say that brother, he is male but his age should be between 25 to 30. Plus he should have a government job. Plus he should be from the same city. So this is what is called laser targeting. So using this strategy we generated qualified leads for fitness coaches. For example, this is our client Fitness Co who sells weight loss programs. And what did we do for this? Detail targeting done. In detail targeting, we created three layers. First layer, second layer, third layer. What did we do in the first layer ? We chose one interest in which we chose the interest of those who are physical fitness conscious. And we did the second layer. What did we do in the second layer? Define further. And in that we chose an interest in which we kept healthy diet. And we created the third layer in which we went to Define Layer. And on the define layer we selected a behavior called Engage on Show. In this way, we did narrow targeting and showed our ad to our right audience. So let me explain this in a practical way. Look what the client did? The client had selected only Physical Fitness in the detail targeting. And due to which they started getting a lot of fake leads. Because anyone can achieve physical fitness. He may be a sportsman. Maybe someone is a Jeep trainer, they're a runner , they just do yoga here. Although many people used to come, but his audience was for weight loss. In this we said that along with physical fitness, he should also have this quality. So what did we do about it? Here you will see Define Father. Click on Define Further and it must also match. This means that if he is into physical fitness then he should also have these qualities. So what qualities should one have? So, if we want to sell a weight loss program, then if we search for direct weight loss, we will not get it. So for this we will take another approach that who would want to lose weight? It is possible that the person who is planning the diet may also want to do it for weight loss. So what will we achieve by narrow targeting it? Diet plan. So in this we will select those with healthy diet. Ok? So now what we said is that he is interested in physical fitness. Besides this, he should also be interested in his diet plan. But we haven't reached the right audience yet. Now we have to tell you one more thing here that brother, what is the purchase behavior of the other person? Will he buy it or not? For that we will define further. Now we will engage the shocker here. Now it has become clear that our ad should be visible to those people who are interested in physical fitness as well as healthy diet. And with that, she's at the Engage Shop. Meaning, they keep purchasing something or the other. So now by using this strategy we can reach our right audience. And can generate qualified leads. And this is called narrow targeting or laser targeting. So let us learn some more important things about narrow targeting here so that you never have any doubt in future as to why this is done. So first of all see what is narrow targeting? In narrow targeting we have to flutter. Ok? We do this so that we can reach the right audience and generate quality leads from here. Now, on Facebook, when you use a narrower audience, each layer becomes an additional condition. This means that here we have to tell the condition that if the person in front is interested in physical fitness, then along with it, there should be a condition that he should also be interested in a healthy diet. And along with this, there will be another condition that he should be engaged on the show. Only when that audience crosses these three stages will our ad be visible to the other person. Otherwise he will not be able to see that ad anymore. There is an end here and logic like in the same box any match ad of multiple interests will be visible and the second one is end logic which is called narrow further all the conditions match only then the ad will be visible, let me show it with an example, for example suppose I had done detail targeting here, let me remove all these first, like I am doing detail targeting for fitness people, then what will I do, I will just write fitness and what have I done for physical fitness people, I have targeted them, now if I search inside this box and do any new targeting then that else condition will be created, this or this and if I go by defining further then an end condition will be created that means this should be there, along with this this should also be there. For example, along with physical fitness, I have written Yoga here. I wrote sports here. So now this three detail targeting means that our ad may be visible to yoga enthusiasts or sports enthusiasts or physical fitness enthusiasts. Meaning here ' ya' is being used to mean that this person should see it or this person should see it or this person should see it. Ok ? There is no condition logic here. When we choose the end logic, what happens is that if let's say he is interested in yoga, sports, fitness, but at the same time he is interested in diet. So now a condition has been created here that the other person is interested in yoga , sports and physical fitness. Any of the three holds interest. But along with these interests, their interest in health diet will also be added. They will see the ad only when it matches. Now, here I have selected three interests and here I have selected one additional interest. So this means that he may be interested in any of these three. For example, suppose a yoga person saw my ad. Ok? So he is interested in yoga. But the end will be visible only to those who are interested in health or diet along with yoga. So this is how the logic of and and happens here. They understand what the role of the end layer is. Like the first layer that we create contains Persona. Persona means who is he? Who is the person in front? What is his interest ? What is his profile? Ok? And the second layer we create is to know its intent, what does it want? What is his problem? Ok? What is his need ? To know this. And the third layer that we make is for the buyer. Will he buy it? Will he buy whatever product we are selling ? In this way we have to choose the buyer here. In which we can use behavior as well as demography. We can use either of them. For example, what was the persona here ? Fitness will be different. What was the end intent ? Nutrition, diet, supplements like this. How did we keep the end buyer? Engage on the show so that he buys. There are four main methods in end narrow targeting. The first method is that we can target interest along with interest. So for example, let us take the example of real estate. So here our first interest should be property investment. And along with this, we are saying that along with property investment, there should also be interest in mortgage loan. Only then will our ad be visible to the other person. Ok? And the second method is that you can also add behavior along with interest. For example, you are selling a skin care product through e-commerce. Your interest should be in skin care and what should be your behavior along with that? He should be on the Engage show. So only when both these conditions match will the other person see the ad. And thirdly, we can also use demographics with interest. For example, suppose someone has graduated in graduation, then what is this? Its demographics were done. But he should be interested. He should have interest in business and entrepreneurship. Only then will our ad be visible to the people in front. So this is called laser targeting. So now I have given some examples for you here. What should you do now? Practice these examples. You can try narrow targeting. And by using narrow targeting you can reach the actual customer. And that was all for today 's video. Today I have told you about narrow targeting, what is narrow targeting, when should it be done, why should it be done. And I will give the link of this PDF in my description. You can download this PDF from the description and read it completely and practice all the examples. So let's meet in the next video and in the next video we will cover detailed targeting completely by taking examples of 10-12 businesses. So let's meet in the next video

  Top Comments:
  1. @smartmarketingzone_official: 🎉 FREE Meta Ads Course Playlist - https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLOAjqlTBxXERlC1-BbzAnghMVL7SdSCpS&si=a0EIBrSKR6EID97B
  2. @smartmarketingzone_official: 🚀 My Facebook Ads Video Course is Live 
👇
Enroll Now - https://superprofile.bio/course/meta-ads-video-course

Follow the Smart Marketing Zone channel on WhatsApp:

Join Now - https://whatsapp.com/channel/0029VbBAPL34CrffZpSmNv0X
  3. @ShankarBhamre-m9x4o: Wow Narrow Targeting ko deep me samjhaya deepak bhai

- The Easy Way To Test Facebook Ads in 2026: Kind: captions Language: en I've spent more than $150 million on Facebook ads, working with more than 3,000 clients worldwide. And in this video, I'm going to show you how I test within those Facebook ad accounts. Testing is incredibly important if you want your Facebook ad to produce fantastic results, but most Facebook advertisers do it wrong. Once you've been through this video, you'll know how to test Facebook ads the right way. Okay, so the first point that I want to make is to give things more time. So, Meta's algorithm works better when it has more data. Your campaigns perform better when you have more conversion data. when Meta is better able to work out how to get the results that you want to get that you've told Meta that you want to get by selecting your campaign objective and your performance goal. And a lot of advertisers just don't give things long enough when they're testing new ads or new creative or new headlines or new offers or whatever it is they're testing. If you just give things a couple of days, that's likely not long enough. Now, a sort of default time period that I would advise is about 7 to 10 days, but you need to be aware that you may need to adjust that and potentially adjust that significantly depending on your conversion volume, which is obviously going to be a function of your cost per conversion and your budget. So, some businesses are going to generate 2,000 purchases a day. Well, you can test things really quickly. It might literally take you a few hours to work out whether or not something's going to to work well or not. Now, we typically leave it a little bit longer than that. We might give that a couple of days, some new ads for example in that scenario. But the data means you're going to see what's your cost per purchase, what's your return on ad spend, how is it in comparison to what you've run previously, how is it in comparison to your benchmarks that you've set, your break even numbers, your target uh numbers, things like that really fast. On the other side of things, if you're generating five conversions a week, well, it might take you weeks, maybe longer to find out if new ads are performing because it's just going to take you that much longer to get enough data to know, okay, this number is now representative of what we can expect from this ad in terms of cost per conversion, in terms of return on ad spend. Um, is it a good performer? Is it not? Do we need to turn it off? Can we leave it running? Can we scale it? It's going to take a lot longer. It's also a function how long you need to leave things of how far off your target you are. So, I just talked about your target. Let's say you're looking to generate a cost per purchase of $30 as an absolute maximum. Well, if you're at $35, you can give things a, let's say, within a 7-day window, you could give that some more time, see if Meta can work it out, maybe make some other improvements um to see if it can come beneath your your target. If however your cost per purchase is $60, you know, you're double where you need to be, you can make the call earlier to go, okay, this ad, we tested it, didn't work out as well. That's fine. These things happen. Let's move on to something else. So, one things I would recommend is have a play about with a statistical significance calculator, free online tools, but you can go in and you can enter in your data and compare, for example, a new ad versus a previous one that you've run. And the the the calculator will tell you to what degree of significance, if there even is a level of significance achieved statistically, that your new ad has outperform or underperformed your old ad. And when you enter in relatively low numbers, as in too early, when you don't have much data, you'll often see a statical significance calculator will say, "Not enough data yet. Can't draw conclusions from this." And that's really useful for you to get a sense of as a Facebook advertiser, go okay, this needs more time. Whereas other times you'll enter in your numbers and they'll go, you know, to a 85% to a 90% um confidence level. We know that ad A is likely to outperform ad B or or vice versa. If in doubt, be patient. I think it's better to leave a test running a bit too long and potentially waste a bit of money on an ad that doesn't quite perform as well as another than have the alternative where you don't leave a test running long enough which means you turn off something thinking ah it didn't work when actually it just needed more time and that could have been something that produced results for you for weeks, months, maybe even sometimes years. You know, you have a creative performs well enough, you can you can sometimes run that for years depending on the market. So better to leave things a little bit longer than to cut them too short. Point number two is quality over quantity. Now, a lot of people, most people in this space have heard test success. You need to test a lot to succeed. And there's absolutely some truth to that. But I have seen a lot of advertisers, particularly in the last few years, overdoing it. They're testing too much at once. Ideally, you would isolate the variable that you want to test and test that in isolation. So, you don't want to be testing headlines and ad creative and ad format and offer all at the same time. Because if you do that and let's say one ad works really well, it's really difficult to work out did that perform really well because of the creative or because of the headline or because it was an image instead of a video or vice versa or because of you there's too many things going on for you to be able to know why that one performed well. Whereas if you try and keep things as consistent as possible elsewhere and say like right we're going to test to start with ad format. So we're going to test images versus video. We're going to have the copy remain the same, the headlines. We're going to have the offer remain the same. We're just going to test that to see which one's better. And once you've run that experiment, you've got concrete data, you then move on to testing another element. So, you absolutely want to test all those things, but just not at the same time. You need to be able to draw conclusions. And uh yeah, it's just something I see all the time where you test too many things, you go, well, we don't know why that performed well, why that performed poorly. It's there's too much going on. I'd also be careful creating too much. A lot of people have these ideas around, oh, as part of my Advantage Plus campaign, I need to have 20 creatives. I have to have 20 creatives otherwise there's no point running it. Not true at all. And what they'll do is they'll maybe have four, five, six good ideas for ads and the rest are just sort of fluff and variation. They just it's like a tickbox exercise. They just think, oh, I just need to do this to get these out there to be able to hit this magical number for testing. I'd much rather you focused on creating four really good creatives as opposed to 20 mediocre ones. There's always constraints on resources for producing creative, whether it's time, money, both, etc. Um, so yeah, so don't overdo it when it comes to that sort of thing. You also need to be aware of your budget, how that how that factors in. The more you spend and the more conversions you generate in a shorter time period, the more you can test cuz Meta is able to dedicate budget to the various elements and give it some time and see how it performs. If you're generating very few conversions and you go and throw 20 creatives um into an advantage plus campaign, how's meta going to optimize that properly? They're really going to struggle. So you do want to be careful there. Not saying don't test, not saying don't test everything, but don't do it all at once and don't do too much at any one time. In a second, I'll get to some more tips and techniques when it comes to testing Facebook ads. Before I do, just want to quickly let you know about our done for you Facebook and Instagram advertising services. So, my company can create, manage, and optimize your Facebook and Instagram ads for you. We can take that workload off your hands or take it away from an agency you might be working with who aren't producing the results that you're looking for and would almost certainly be able to help you get significantly better results because we do this all the time. We've spent tens of millions um on the platform. We've worked in every industry you can think of and we have a lot of experience and and a great track record. So, if that sounds interesting, there is a link in the video description below. You can click on that, come through to a page on our website, book in a free call with uh one of my team members. If you want to do that, go ahead. Hopefully, we get a chance to work together. Number three is to plan first. So, before you run any test, I think it's really important to think about what is it that you're trying to work out. What's your hypothesis effectively? you need a plan ahead of time as opposed to just well I just heard you should test so I just kind of created different stuff and now I don't really know what conclusions I can draw from the the test that I've run right um so an example would be I have the hypothesis that UGC ads will outperform the ads that we're currently running now if that's your hypothesis that's the test that you're going to run it's nice and specific and it directs how you're going to treat that test so what you would then need to do is create a number of UGC ads to test against your existing ads. Now, when you frame the test that way, you come to the right conclusion and and you do the right thing because, for example, you wouldn't want to test one UGC ad to test that hypothesis because if that doesn't work, it might not be that UGC either outperforms or doesn't outperform your regular ads. It's just that maybe that ad didn't work or maybe that ad did work. So you need a range of UGC ads perhaps like different people involved, different styles and test that so you get like a batch of those against a batch of other style of ads and then you can see which one performs best and you get a a more sense of an overall performance of that. So as you're going through and you're testing these various elements, you want to first think about okay, what am I going to test next? What do I think is likely to move the needle most? What's most important? and then approach it through that idea as opposed to just sort of random testing. And that leads me on to my next point which is to start with the big needle movers. So testing primary text for example is valuable. It's something that we will do but it's not something you want to do until you've worked out the more important stuff like what's the best style of ad for your offer. Is it UGC? Is it founderled? Is it a product demonstration uh type ad? Is it an influencer based ad? Is it video? Is it carousel? Is it single image? These things are much more important to work out. They are bigger needle movers than changing some of the wording and the copy um in your primary text. So start with the big stuff, then move on to the smaller things. And I've got a sort of a list of prioritization I'm going to run through now um of how we would typically look at this when when working with clients. So the first thing is going to be the product itself or the service. All right? Like which product or service should you sell? You might already have data on that. You might know what are your bests sellers in which case you can focus on those. Maybe that is something though that you need to test. You're like, I don't actually know which of my best sellers or which of my products or services sell best to this meta ads audience. Maybe we need to do some experimentation around that as a very top level thing before we then go ahead and move on. After that, you move on to the offer. Can you test making it more urgent or scarce or more appealing? Can you add in guarantees to offer some risk reversal around the offer itself? This is especially important if you don't have large warm audiences where the offer and the power of the offer is going to be less important which is obviously the majority of businesses. After the offer we're going to move on to creative which format is going to perform best. Do we need to test that? Do we need to test carousel versus image versus uh video? And then which style? I ran through a number of options there. Is it UGC? Is it influencer? Is it product demo? Is it founderled? Is it all sorts of different things. Okay. Then we move on to headline after that primary text. Then CTA button. than the description would be like a typical list. Now, there might be occasions where we decide, actually, I think we need to test this ahead of this because it's going to be more important. And when you're changing testing things like the offer, the headlines are naturally going to change with them cuz the ad needs to make sense, right? And maybe the creative to some extent, too. So, it's not as perfect as as that set out, but that's how we think through it. Like, okay, we've got the offer um sorted. We know this style of ad works really well for this business. Um this is the sort of creative we're going with. Now, we can test different headlines variations with all those things that are more important being fixed. Um, that's something that we would that we would look to do and and and think through the process of testing. Now, what that often means as you're running through that list is that you're starting with the hard stuff first. And that's why people don't often do this. It's really easy to test a new call to action button or tweak a bit of copy on a primary text. like that might take you a few minutes especially using chat GPT or something to help you write the primary text variations or even just meta's own AI text generation from within the uh ad creation process right um but recrafting an offer changing your product um producing highquality video creative with influencers these are hard things that's why people don't do it but that's also why that's where the rewards are because people don't want to do the hard things your competitors aren't doing the hard things if you can do the hard things then uh you're far more likely to have a better advantage and get the reward. So, it's easy to do, but my recommendation on testing would be don't take the easy route. Take the route that leads to better performance so much better over the long run. And when you are testing, it is absolutely essential that you have accurate data so you can see how your Facebook ads are performing and optimize them properly. Hyros is the best tracking and attribution software for Facebook and Instagram ads. It's a software that all the big players, including myself, use. I use it to track the results I generate from my own ads. I also use it for all my organic content as well, which is really useful. So, someone comes through and books a call for our done for you services, for example. I can see exactly where they came from with a lot of accuracy and that allows me to make decisions in my business, which is really, really helpful. And let me quickly show you how important this is. So, I'm in my Hyos dashboard. Um, I've isolated one of our meta ad campaigns and I've created a report for it so we can see the data and you can take a look at this. So, this campaign spent just under £2,000, generated £15,000 in revenue. But here's the really important bit. reported versus revenue. And in this column, we can see £12,000. Now, what that means is that out of the £15,000 that this campaign has actually generated, Hyros has been able to report on the full £15,000, £12,000 of which Meta was not originally able to see. So, if we're just looking within our Meta AD account, not using Hyros, we would have seen that £3,000 of revenue was generated from this campaign. And that is not true at all. That is a much much lower rorowass number than the actual £15,000 of revenue that was generated. For a number of years now, Meta's ad tracking capabilities have not been as accurate as they once were because all sorts of privacy regulations have come into effect and it's only heading that way. It's only becoming more and more difficult to get accurate data and uh and track our results as we need to be able to do. This is a relatively extreme case and the reason why is because Meta has a 7-day maximum attribution window. And this is an ad campaign that's retargeting for one of our services that people usually take a lot longer than seven days to make a decision on. So someone clicks on an ad, they often won't convert within seven days. Meta is simply not able to see that data. And that's where Hyros comes in. The important thing is that you need accurate data and Hyros takes care of that. So if you want to get better results from your Facebook ads without actually having to touch your ads, go ahead and sign up to Hyros. There is a link in the video description. Point number six is to take charge. So, if you've spent money, time producing ad creative, for example, that you think's really good, you're like, I I think this has got a really good chance of performing really well, and then you introduce it into an existing campaign alongside previous ads, and Meta just gives it no budget, or you've created a lot in a whole batch, you've introduced that all into a new campaign, and Meta's putting all the budget into just one or two bits of creative, not giving anything else um any love. Don't always assume that that's correct. Sometimes Meta has accurately predicted that the other stuff won't perform as well as the stuff it's giving budget to, but it's not always the case. Particularly if you're introducing new ads alongside existing ones because the social proof, the shares, likes, comments, interactions that the previous ads have um can make a big difference and can help those ads outperform the new ones even if the new ones do have potential. Meta sees that, they use that as a signal and they don't give the new ones um any budget. So in that scenario, which we run into all the time, we will often create a separate testing campaign where um we're going to basically force Meta to spend money on this new stuff that we think can work really well. So in that testing campaign, we might use adset budgets and like I said, we'll force Meta to uh to spend on new ad creative or whatever it is that we're testing. Now, when you do that, you need to be aware that you may well see a drop in your return on ad spend, often temporary, or a drop in or or or or a a worsening in your cost per conversion, an increase in in your cost per conversion because those existing ads with the social proof, those are like over the next two weeks, let's say, they're going to perform better than some of the budget, well, most of the budget being spent on them anyway, and then some of the budget being spent on new ads to test. But I think that over the long run, finding out how those new ads can perform is more important. It's really, really valuable because if you don't do that, you get into this situation. So many Facebook advertisers are here where they found a winning ad and they're running it. Every time they try and introduce new ads alongside, it doesn't really get any budget. It just seems pointless. They sort of stop testing, keep introducing new ads. They keep running this good performer, but slowly over time it fatigues and results just get worse and worse and worse. And you need to take charge in that situation. Be like, "No, no, no. I'm going to force some ad spend on these new ads. I think they can perform really well." Um, and knowing, okay, you know what? This one's still our winner, but once it fatigues, we've got these ones waiting in the wings to go. That's really important, particularly um over the long run. Number seven is to find things to test. So, I'd recommend that you take a look at what your competitors are doing. And not just from an advertising standpoint, but look at how people interact and talk about their products or services. So, take a look at their reviews, right? What parts of what they do do people love and give five star reviews for? What do they mention their five star reviews? And then, conversely, what parts about what your competitors do people hate? Do they give one-star reviews for? Um, people might care about things or want to avoid things that you didn't expect and think, "Oh, yeah, we do that. People don't like that. Let's stop doing that." Or, "Okay, we don't do enough of that. People seem to love that in our competitor reviews. Let's do more of that." And then obviously that impacts the offer, the product, the service that you offer, which then in turn impacts what you might be able to test within your advertising. Be like, "Okay, in these um fivestar reviews, people keep mentioning this thing. We do that, but we don't feature that prominently in our ad copy and creative. Let's make that front and center. Let's test that as a as an angle in order to get people um to be interested. So, not something many advertisers do, but very easy to do and can give you loads of ideas for ads. And if there are things that people leave one-star reviews for and really don't like and they mention, you in their one star review, they mention, oh, they do this thing I don't like, you can take that as your angle within your ad, within your creative and copy. You can say, by the way, we don't do this. You know, we don't we guarantee our delivery times. We make sure you're not left waiting. We have good customer service that you can actually access. It's not, you know, fighting your way through a cool center system of, you know, nine buttons and half an hour and all that jazz. Like, you can you can focus on those angles. Um, as well, you can also do the same thing for industries and niches that are similar to your business, but not within your exact space. I actually quite like this. It's a good way of finding inspiration for new ads as well because you can sometimes find something that people in your space aren't doing but looks like it's working really well in another space that's similar and you think you know what I can bring that in to my industry. We can gain a massive competitive advantage and that could be a massive win for us when it comes to return on ad spend. So I I've given this example before. I've created a whole video around um an industry that never used to have a finance option. We introduced a finance option which obviously was being done in other industries. just a few years ago and the ads just I mean absolutely crushed because no one else in that space was doing it and it it led to amazing results. I'd also recommend that you keep an eye out when you're using social media yourself which we probably all do more than you know we plan to and would like to uh even if we plan to go on business purposes we get sort of hijacked don't we? But if you are doing that from an ad standpoint what grabs your attention what might you be able to use? Just keep an open mind. Have a little folder save. Be like, "All right, okay. I'm going to quickly pop this in here. Um, I think this was a really good um ad. This grabbed my attention. I haven't seen people in my space do this sort of thing. Maybe I can replicate it." Point number eight, never stop testing. It's really easy once you find something that that works well to just stop testing. Be like, "Aha, I found the ad. I can run with this." Not a good idea, though, because everything fatigues. Facebook and Instagram advertising is interruption advertising. Um, unless your target audience is changing really really quickly, which does happen in some circumstances, like if it's based around a a live event and the audience is auto refreshing every few months or something like that. These things do happen, but but they're rare. And even in those scenarios, if you try and scale, you're still going to run into fatigue issues because you're going to run through that audience before it manages to refresh with the the one creative. Which means that if you understand that things are going to fatigue, you have to have other ads, other bits of creative ready to go. You have to have other options, other offers, maybe even other products and services depending on on your industry and and what it is that you do. Um, you can't just sit there and go, "This is brilliant." There's also an element of the platform changes. So, as the platform evolves, if you just go, "Okay, I've got an ad. I'm going to run this for the next 3 years. Everything's going to be fine." What happens if in a year there's a new feature that would make that ad much better and you're not taking advantage of it? Or you you're offering something that works really well. You've got a guarantee. Most of your competitors do. You don't. You've got um some sort of special offer and then your competitor's cotton on. They copy you. They start doing the same thing. Well, now your offer, your guarantee that made you really attractive is not as important anymore, and you need to go again and and develop something new and and change it up. Um these sorts of things happen. I think a lot of people they might be aware of the platform changes and they think okay I need to tweak some settings but actually what the other things that happen as well that does make a difference what your competitors are doing in the marketplace absolutely makes a difference because most people who are seeing your ads are also seeing ads from your competitors and you really have to be aware of that when you're putting your Facebook and Instagram ads together and thinking okay if someone's scrolling on Instagram for 20 minutes they're going to see my ads and my competitors I need to not just make my product, my service, my whatever appealing. I need to make it more appealing than this competitor in order to to get the best results possible. So, I I don't think many people um think about that, but that's something I would definitely recommend. Now, one thing I haven't talked much about in this video is, you know, with when you're testing, should you be doing it through advantage plus campaigns, through manual campaigns, all that sort of stuff. And I imagine some of you going through this thinking, yeah, what what's the structure? And I haven't done that on purpose because Meta, as I'm recording this, is in the process of completely changing Facebook ad campaign structure. We're effectively all going to be using a variation of Advantage Plus campaigns, but there's significant nuance to that. There's lots of options and flexibility. Anyway, I've created a whole video about the new changes. I've been able to get early access and a and a sneak peek into what's happening with these, and I've done a a video walking it through. You can go ahead and check it out here. This is one of the biggest changes to happen to Facebook ads in years. Probably the biggest since Advantage Plus came along um almost three years ago. So, if you haven't already, definitely go ahead and check this out. Thanks a lot, guys. Spicer.

  Top Comments:
  1. @BenHeath [3 likes]: Get personal Meta Ads feedback from me (live) for less than $60 per session:
👉 https://www.skool.com/benheath/about
Let my agency run your Meta ads for you:
👉 https://heathmedia.co.uk/done-for-you/
  2. @RafaelBelor: 4:00 is this still the way to go? in other videos you suggested we should use the creative testing or the flexible ads feature, which technically does test a lot of different things at the same time. is there certain budget or purchase thresholds that you would suggest for these testing features?
  3. @AmarilisWernex: Gostei muito da explicação sobre como abordar os testes A/B com diferentes criativos. Já percebi que pequenos ajustes nas imagens dos anúncios às vezes geram resultados bem diferentes, mas sempre fico na dúvida de quantas variações testar sem perder o controle. Você tem alguma dica sobre o número ideal de criativos para começar?
  4. @ohyeah7234: is it still valid after Andromeda?
  5. @Stefan-of6qn: 👍🏼🧐 the content between the around 12 advertisements was very good.
  6. @thecalmcut_morgansachs: this is so helpful! thank you!
  7. @DaveThomson: Click magic claims theyre better than hyros and provide examples
  8. @nasrodineelghalbzouri4849: I want to find out which of my products generate the most interest. Should I put all product creatives (images and videos) into one campaign and ad set to let Meta optimize? Or should I create separate campaigns by product category, each with multiple creatives (e.g., 1 for mirrors, 1 for buffets)? Which approach do you think works best?
  9. @TiffanyGriffin-w2p: Thanks for sharing these valuable insights! I'm eager to see how these testing strategies will perform in the ever-evolving landscape of 2025. Really appreciate the actionable steps!
  10. @likedontcostmoney5595: i have problem to see if my video actually playing in the ads manager... maybe you can make video about it. (into my facebook account i got message my video can not be upload which make me worries)
  11. @NT-lg8vi: When I enter my post ID from a flexible ad, I’m getting this message “This post can't be used for an ad because it doesn't exist on the Page you've chosen, or it was originally created on a personal profile. Please choose a different post and try again.” Do you have any idea what this is could be about? I do not have any other profiles/accounts that I use for ads. I have tried all the different protection post ID numbers I could find by all the methods. It does not give me this message if it’s not a flexible ad post ID. Thanks!
  12. @bhavyajain5269: This is a really good action plan. Provides the right framework on how to think when testing.
  13. @itunes8442: what if i have no sales in the first 24 hours ? does that mean i should stop the ad ?
  14. @JP-wm1qz: If the biggest needle mover is product, and you want to test just this, how do you know what format to start with?
  15. @Josebenga: Should small budget accounts start with a single campaign with different variations? Or is it better to have multiple campaigns with consistent creative and only one part of the creative being tested
  16. @smiless101: I put 200  in 15 days as a full budget and the ad status is active and I am withdrawing a lot of money, but there is no interaction and no messages are coming at all. Only 1 to 2 messages come some days . What is the problem then?!!! I need help urgent
  17. @JP-wm1qz: I can’t get my head around this because you have recommended to stick to one campaign per product, but if I was to test which product works best, the first campaign would include all the different products right?
  18. @smashpickleball10: good
  19. @christopherleesmarketing: Local service ads fatigue in 7 days on a $30/day budget, so how can we let it run for sufficient time?
  20. @anubhavsatyapragy2249: Really helpful and insightful video

- Facebook Ads NEW Rules for 2026 (learn this ASAP): Kind: captions Language: en I've put together the seven things that are changing the most in Facebook ads right now. These are essentially the new rules for what it's like to optimize and run Facebook ads accounts in 2026. Across our agency, we manage millions of dollars in direct to consumer ad spend every single month. And what I'm seeing right now in ad accounts is completely different than what I saw even just 6 months ago. What I'm going to break down goes against what you've probably been taught. probably goes against what I have said on this very channel right here in the past, but they're working right now and my bet is that they're going to continue to work into the next year. So, basically what we're seeing is that the biggest brands in the world are all increasing their creative volume massively. We have literally seen every large brand increase up and to the right. And let me give you some examples of that. So, this is a look at the media mix from Athletic Greens. And as you can see, a year ago, they were running on average around 400 images and 300 videos. Now, that sounds like a lot, but that's roughly speaking if we add the 496 and 376, that's close to a,000 active ads. Today, they're running over 6,822 ads. So, Athletic Greens, we'll write AG1 here, went from 1,000 ads to 6K. Let's take a look at another business called Talentless. This is a clothing brand. I really like to model some of these ads. I think they do a great job. Now, we can see back in January, they were running 64 images and 19 videos. Let's just call this one talent. And let's just give them 100, we'll say, even though it's less. They went from 100 active ads to today they're running 1,081 active ads. So, they 10xed their ad production. AG1 6xed their ad production. And by the way, every brand is doing this. You could just name any big brand that's actually scaling and you will see a chart that looks just like this. Let's take Gap here for example. that started back in January running 130 to 150 ads. Let's call it 150. And today they are running 6,353 ads. We're just going to say 6K plus. I don't even know what the multiple on that. It's a 60x multiple roughly speaking. 50x multiple. We have seen these three ginormous brands scale so significantly by having creative at scale. This is the trend. Anyone that tells you otherwise is too lazy to create creative, which leads me to my second point, the creative engine. Now, the creative engine is what allows businesses to scale their ads so quickly. It's what allows you to see so many different variations from the same company, seemingly making you not fatigue from looking at so many ads at the same time. And whether you're a brand that's literally running your first round of ads today after watching this video or if you're trying to actually aggressively scale, I'm going to break down how these engines work. They get more complex as you grow and grow, but generally these four steps are what need to be followed. So, every creative engine starts at the top with launching new ads. We're just going to call this launch. The next thing you do after launch is you have a grace period. This grace period is somewhere between 7 and 14 days. This is when you're just hanging out, evaluating your ads, pausing down absolute duds and scaling winners. This is just allowing those ads to breathe and really give them a fair chance. After that 14-day period, you have to do analysis. Now, that analysis needs to have factored in incremental attribution. So, we're going to add a very important note here. This needs to be incremental analysis. And what I mean by this is you're looking not just at 7-day click one day view, but you're actually looking at incremental attribution in your Facebook ads platform. And then after you analyze that, it's time to brief. And brief really means you're taking your best performing creatives from your ad account and you are, yes, briefing to actually see if you can create more variations of these top creatives, these concepts. Now, there's a wild card that can come in, and this is very important in this briefing process. You also need to be taking competitor ads, as I'm inserting out of left field, literally, and brief in on those as well. So the combination is you're taking your ads that are actually working the best already for you in your ad account and you're taking your competitor ads and you're briefing new concepts and iterations together and then you launch those new ads. This is a constant cycle and this is how you build a very basic but robust creative engine. The third rule is that oversimplistic campaign strategies are gone. And I'll call this no more one campaign method. Now the basis of this method falls into a very simple philosophy. Facebook is smarter than us, which it kind of is, and we could just throw all of our ads into one single campaign. I'm here to tell you that this breaks very quickly, and it breaks because of the lack of swim lanes. What we want to actually create in our account is new customers, engaged customers and existing customers. And why we want this, why this is so important, because typically Facebook overspends on existing customers. They spend just enough on engaged, which is fine, and they underspend on new customers. This is especially a problem when you start to get to larger portions of spend. And therefore, a lot of your budget as a not just percentage, but actual dollar amount is skewed into existing customers, which ultimately means you're not scaling new customer acquisition, which is what you want to do with Facebook ads, with Instagram ads, and so on. Which leads me to the opposite, but also extremely important rule that I think is going to dominate 2026. At this point, before I even showcase this rule, I want to mention something that's really important. If you are a brand that is trying to scale in 2026, the average brand that we work with saw a 41% increase in profit in the first 90 days. So, if you want to work with us and actually scale your ads, take things seriously this year instead of being at the stalemate that many people's businesses are, then go to the moonlighters.com and apply to work with us. It takes 2 minutes to apply and you get on a 15minute call. If you don't like that 15-minute call, you waste 15 minutes of your life. Best case scenario, you're one of those businesses that scales to 41% on average. That's not our best. It's not our worst in the first 90 days. So, number four, is dead. What is absolutely dead, which we'll mark on the X over here, is any sort of functionality where you think you could take 20 to 30% of your budget and treat that in testing. That is a very easy way to lose 10, 20, 30% of your total performance in your ad account and create an actual cost center in your business. What is absolutely working here is the exact opposite. You create a prospecting CBO and within that prospecting CBO, you not only test here, but you scale here and this becomes the number one campaign. The beautiful part about the prospecting CBO is your test ads are actually not going to get any spend unless they are actually better than the rest of the ads. So you create a hyperco competitive environment in your own ad account. We always want our best ads to rise to the top and doesn't allow that because us as human beings are way slower than the algorithm. Number five, fastest horse is back in action. You probably don't actually know what this means, but I'll give it to you in simple verbiage. Advanced breakdowns are so back it's crazy. We went through this period where it was actually completely fine to just run a bunch of your ads into the same campaign or a couple campaigns, select automatic placements, select everything automatic, all genders, all locations, and just let it rip. That period has completely ended in 2025, and it is going to continue to be over in 2026. The way that we're treating what I call the fastest horse is you want to put your bets, meaning spend the most amount of money on the fastest horse. And how that generally functions are day of week, platform, landing page, gender, country, and the list goes on and on. What's important to recognize that in each of these breakdowns in your ad platform, they all have levers that you can pull that Facebook might not have the exact information on for you. For example, if you know on your Shopify store that Mondays and Tuesdays work better than Saturdays and Sundays, then you should spend more on the better performing days, but I would bet most people spend the same amount of money every single day. Why would you do that? Why would you do the same thing if Facebook works better than Instagram or vice versa? Why would you spend the same amount if one landing page works better than the other? This goes all the way down the board. Make sure that you're always putting your money where you're most likely to make money back. The sixth new rule of Facebook ads is profit over rorowaz. Rorowaz has become this holy grail number. It's something that everyone is just so obsessed about and it actually does mean a lot. Rorowaz is a very important efficiency metric. It is simply your return on ad spend to make sure that you're always profitable on every single purchase. But that's all and where it truly ends. What a lot of brands get caught up in is they want a very high return on ad spend. They want a 5x. They want a 10x. That's great. I want those numbers, too. Everyone does. But the real question to ask yourself is, how much profit are you leaving on the table by forcing your business into a very high return on ad spend? Think about it like this. Would you rather spend $1,000 at a 5x or $100,000 at a 1.2x? Now, I understand I'm using very large numbers here to make a very easy point because in this case, you're getting $5,000 in return minus your $1,000 in ad spend, equaling to $4,000 in profit. In this case, you're getting a total of 120k revenue minus the 100k ad spend, again, equaling to 20K in total revenue. And even if these numbers were way, way closer, even if they were the same profit, I would always prefer the bigger spend and the lower rorowaz. And the reason for that is actually simple. This allows you to build an army of loyal customers. This is so important for everyone to understand. The bigger your business is, the more people talk about your business. The more people talk about your business, the more residual sales you have over long periods of time. So in all cases, you want to take the lowest rorowaz you can possibly afford at the highest volume. And number seven, this is probably one of the biggest ones because there was new tools that came out by Facebook in 2025 that took some time for us to adopt and get used to. And this is truly attribution has changed. Everyone got used to 7-day click or one-day view. And some people said, I don't want to use any one-day view and I'm just going to use 7-day click or even I'm going to use one day click. Right? This was also very common. Now what's shifted here is the introduction of incremental attribution. And what incremental attribution does is it allows us to see the purchases that happened because of Facebook. So what we now prefer to do is a hybrid approach. We now prefer to really look at the 7-day click, 1-day view as the core attribution method for the brand, but focus on incremental attribution when we're talking about which creatives to scale because we know incrementally that's most important. And in many cases, we might actually shift everything to incremental attribution as long as it proves to be most successful in testing. Now, I know I said I had seven, but I'm going to hit you guys with some bonuses. Every single business needs to have a king goal. This is the goal above all goals. This is what you tell your media buyer, you tell your agency. This is the goal that matters the most. It could be an ROI goal, an ME goal, a rorowaz goal, a CPA goal. It could be a revenue goal. Just whatever is most important to you. What I mean by king goal is that you don't conflict this goal with other goals. As long as this goal is achieved, the business is happy and healthy. Number two, flexible ads are ripping right now. I don't want to say too much about this because to be honest, we don't have the full data to back this up quite yet. But early testing, flexible ads are crushing. So, give them a shot in your ad account. There's a very high chance that grouping together these iterations in flexible ads could lead to a significant increase in your performance. And a few other honorable mentions here. AI UGC is getting much much better. This is something I'm very bullish on over the next year. In addition to that, very similar, very connected, Meta Gen AI is getting even stronger as well. You've probably seen the AI enhancements show up more and more on your ads. They're working better and better. I'm really interested to see what's going to happen in 2026, and Little Birdie from Facebook has indicated that this is going to be a very big point. On a completely different note, catalog ads are still strong. This is pretty shocking to most people at this point when we have so many options, so many different ads. But sometimes just showing people something and not trying to trick them or coersse them into buying and just saying, "Hey, these are my products. Go buy them." Does a great job. And then finally, because you got this far, I want to give a reminder that I say all the time. Focus on the 20% of your products that drive 80% of your revenue. This single rule right here could be applied to every single part of the other seven rules that I gave you. Focus on the 20% that drives 80% of the output in every facet of your business and you will be significantly more effective and more efficient. Now, you know the rules, but rules do not make money. Strategy and execution makes money. If you want to see my full setup step by step so you can copy and paste it into your ad account, click this video right here where I go through everything A to Z. That's all for today's video. I hope you got a ton of value out of this. If you have questions, let me know in the comments below.

  Top Comments:
  1. @TheyFooledYou [10 likes]: Ok, so how do we afford to run 1000 ads 😂
  2. @GuaranteedPPC [2 likes]: If you are in any kind of mainstream niche at all, you will generally be best off trying to copy what your competitors are doing (from the ad library) than inventing a new offer to test.  Only about 10% of those new offer tests will work.  At least start with the "tried and true" then test your other offers no one is using.

Anything you do that offers someone a way to make/save money, makes a person more attractive, or taps into fear usually does well on Facebook now.
  3. @hkbugulli [1 likes]: Very good insights
  4. @GrundmanT [1 likes]: Question  - How do we scale up to that many ads if we are only putting 6-10 ads in an adset and only every 7-14 days?   That would take a lifetime -- what has changed with that?   Thanks!
  5. @AB-Commerce [1 likes]: You noted a problem, that facebook does not spends enough on "new customers" but you forgot to tell how to actually solve this in the cbo?
  6. @shakaslx [1 likes]: Thanks for the great content, Sam. You're amazing!
  7. @SamPiliero: 👉 Work with me and my team: go.themoonlighters.com/apply-l131
👉 Join my coaching program: go.themoonlighters.com/skool-l131
  8. @RafaelBelor: Ok got it:
1. Breathe
2. Brief
3. Breach
4. Beef
5. Horse
  9. @BarbaraHaratyk-u2t: whata bout you r a new business and will have only new customers? 1 campaign with 1 ad set with 3 ads in in its not a good idea?
  10. @assilmizane: Amazing
  11. @IoniteSimeon: what tool have you used to see the amount of ad creatives used by companies?
  12. @osamaaman1212: Hey sam, you have mentioned about increasing ad budget on the days that are performing well but my question is do we have to reduced budget on the less performing days or remain the same.
  13. @KurtYaz-biz: Flexible ads seems interesting
  14. @abdullahfareed5502: So in which campaign should we test the creatives? Engaging, new, existing? I am actually confused in overall ad account campaigns structure. It'll be great help if you elaborate this thing.
  15. @a.m9196: Can someone tell what is the best AI UGC web?
  16. @GoogleGuy492: What are your thoughts on DABA (product ads) taking a majority of the spend in CBO?
  17. @ghos_t_oaster: today i learned that sam does the marketing for anthony fantano and i've never trusted him more than right now
  18. @TonyWallshq: Anyone running ads this year should probably see this before spending another dollar.
  19. @kanisshka5509: i get winners from prospecting but when i run those for new interest adset it just fails and cpa increased by 2-3x compared to others , why it behave like this
  20. @Ashton_marketing: The end💥

- This NEW Facebook Ads Setting Fixes Creative Testing: Kind: captions Language: en If you ever tried to test new Facebook ads, but when you launch them in your ad account, they just don't get any spend, and the ads that you've been running with for the longest is the only one that really gets spend, and the new ads that you test just don't really get any chance, then this video is going to be for you because this is essentially a big problem that I've had with clients that I worked with, and I know a lot of other advertisers also have this problem. And luckily, now Meta has launched a new feature that essentially solves this, and it will improve your testing process so much. And this is definitely something that we've started to launch with the clients that we manage ads for. So I'm now inside one of my clients and they're spending more than 10,000 USD per day on ads and they're doing a lot of testing. They're investing heavily in creative volume producing a lot of videos and images and they really want to up the performance. But what tends to happen in the account is that the historic winners are just continually, you know, eating up all of the budget. So as you can see, this is a CBO campaign for the market in Canada that they're targeting. They have multiple other campaigns as well, but I just want to show you this as an example. As you can see here, they're launching a bunch of adsets that have new ads within them. But as you can also see, it's just these top two adets and maybe the third one as well that really get properly tested. You see, it's such a discrepancy between, you know, the top two performing adsets and the new ones that they've launched in this campaign. And even though they're spending a lot of effort and a lot of money on creating new ads to try to improve their performance, it just ends up not getting spent. Now, just to get you up to speed on the best creative testing process that we use for clients and that is working the best with Meta's new machine learning system, Android Meta, you should have an evergreen setup or you have two campaigns. Okay? So, you have one testing campaign and one scaling campaign. And the budget distribution between the two should sometimes be 60 to 80% on scaling if you already have proven winners that are scalable and you already have great momentum on this campaign. And then you should have 20 to 40% allocated to testing. Now, if you're a fresher account and you don't really have those amazing winners yet and you haven't built up momentum on a scaling campaign, then you should have the other way around. So, you should have most of your budget on testing. Now, I want to talk about the testing campaign here because the process is as follows. Every week you should launch a new batch. And a new batch is just essentially a set of new ads within a new ad set that you put into the CBO campaign. CBO stands for campaign budget optimization. And it means that you put the budget on the campaign level and you let Meta prioritize where to spend that money. Now, the problem is as you launch new batches and new adsets within here, very often the new batches just don't get to spend and it takes weeks and sometimes multiple weeks before Meta starts to allocate any spend to it and that just slows down the testing process for you. And if you're in a time period where you know you're going to have better performance overall because there's more demand for what you're selling and you want to speed up the creative testing process, then that is not going to be possible with the setup unless you use the feature that I'm about to show you in a bit. Because when you find winners, what you want to do is you want to move the winning ad within the batch into the scaling campaign. And that scaling campaign is going to be an advantage plus sales campaign. So, as you can see here, it's just one broad ad set. And you can have up to 50 active ads in here. And over time, this is going to be built out. you're going to have more winners and way more creative diversity within this campaign. But again, that might take a long time for you unless you're able to find these winners with the testing campaign. So, here's how we can solve this. So, I'm going to show you this inside this example ad account. And essentially, what this method does is that it makes sure that every time you launch a new batch, those historic best performing batches will not take 100% of the spend. You will always have a certain percentage of spend that goes into these new batches that you launch within the testing campaign. So, let me show you here. You set up a new campaign here. We're going to set up a sales campaign. Click continue. Then, we're going to set the daily budget on the campaign level. So, it's a CBO campaign. Then, you go to the adset level. And under budget and schedule, you will see that it says adset spending limits. If you click this one, we can set a minimum or maximum spend limit for this adset. So, let's say I want to avoid the situation where an adset takes 100% of the spend. Then essentially what I can do is I can put 80% on daily maximum. So that means within this campaign, this specific adset can only use a maximum of 80% of that budget. So if we have a daily budget for the campaign at $1,000, then this one can only use 800 of that. The other 200 would have to be spread on the other adsets that are active within this campaign. So when we're testing new batches, those 200 will be allocated across those new batches. Now, for the next batches that we launch within this CBO campaign, if you don't set a daily maximum, then of course it can end up taking all of your budget. So you need to make sure that you continue to put daily maximum of 80% for all of those new adsets. Now in this example, I chose a percentage, but as you can see, you can also put a dollar amount. Now, we definitely want to keep it at the percentage because as we increase the daily budget for the campaign, we want to make sure that we keep this principle of allocating a similar percentage onto those new batches that we launch within the campaign. So I wouldn't set a dollar amount just because we might scale this campaign over time and we want to make sure that we keep the same principle going as we scale up and increase in spend. Now, regarding the daily minimum here, I would keep this empty. Reason for that is as we scale up, we don't want to force spend into new batches. Meta is not just looking at conversion data when it tries to figure out if it should allocate more spend to it or not and if that will support, you know, getting you more conversions or getting you more sales. So, if we put a daily minimum percentage and we're essentially telling Meta to force some of the budget from the campaign into this adset, then that could really hurt your performance. And as you can see in this article from Meta, they also say that regarding using adset spending limits, you have to be very careful using both maximum and minimum within the same adset because that will make it harder for Meta to fully utilize the algorithm. And you know, there's the balance between like trusting Meta 100% and just letting it do its thing and doing some manual work. But in general, you want to be very careful when you start doing these manual adjustments. Very often, what Meta decides to put budget behind is what's going to give you the better results. This is a very mature advertising platform. It has so much data, more than we can comprehend as advertisers. And that is also why I would recommend not putting a minimum as a percentage. But what you can do is switch over to a dollar amount and then you could put a minimum of let's say your average order value. And when you're launching this test, you need to keep an eye on it. Like if it doesn't give you results over, you know, a 7-day period, you should probably turn it off. But you can essentially force a daily minimum into this adset so that you know that it gets tested before you make a decision. So let's say we have an average order value of 10 bucks. Okay? And let's say we really want to speed up the testing on a new batch that we've launched. So let's say we put 30. So we put 3x the average order value into this adset. Again, we need to keep a very close eye on it and turn it off if it doesn't work because we don't want to waste money into this campaign. But essentially now every day there will be some budget going into this adset. And that is how you can force money into a test. And that could be very important. Let's say you've been really working hard on sourcing some new creatives and you've been putting in a lot of effort and work on creating something that you think is very likely going to outperform. It just needs to build up some momentum. Then you can definitely do it this way. But be very careful using both maximum and minimum at the same time. Now, another very important thing about using this feature is that you have to be careful if you're using a cost control bid strategy. So either cost per sold goal, rorowass goal, or a bit cap. If you're using that together with the minimum spend limits, as you see, meta states that that may constrain delivery and potentially making minimum spend limits unachievable. So again, be very careful when using this and don't do too much at once. I would run a test on this and I would be very mindful of all of the manual changes that you're doing and making sure that you don't do too many of them at the same time. So don't start using adset spending limits and your new bid strategy and other stuff at the same time. If you really want to test this, do this test without too many other changes going on at the same time and see if it over time improves performance. Now, on the short term, it's very likely that it will hurt performance because you're essentially forcing money into things that Meta, the algorithm, based off all the data points it has, thinks doesn't deserve budget. So, you're kind of doing a bet against meta. And if you decide to do that, you have to be very intentional about doing so. All that being said, for the advertisers that have, you know, a top-notch creative testing process, they're sourcing amazing creatives. They're doing the creative research and really figuring out what type of video ads and static images that could work really well for them. And they want to put more money behind these tests because they really truly believe in them. And they're also backing that belief by doing a lot of research and really understanding what could perform for them based on maybe competitors or other successful businesses in their industry. for those businesses that could be a gamecher for you because you're now able to speed up the testing process. And sure, it might cost you money short term because some of the tests that you launch doesn't work as you intend them to. But even if they don't work, that's still data points for you. Now, you don't need to continue to test those things because you know for a fact that it didn't work and you have data to back that. So, this is very exciting stuff. We're definitely starting to roll this out for our portfolio and testing this out to see if we can improve performance by using this feature. Now, if you've already started testing this, please let me know what you found in the comments down below. And if you have any questions to anything that I discussed in this video, please let me know. I answer all the comments from my subscribers first. Also, if you want to level up your creative production process and really find good ideas to execute on to create great video ads and static ads, I've built out a creative strategist that has multiple different ad formats built into it where it helps you ideulate and find good creative concepts that you can then execute. So, if you want to get that for free, just click the link in the description of this video and I'll send that to your email. And also, if you're looking to take your business to the next level, feel free to book in a call with me using the link in the top of the description below. We still have a couple of slots open for Q4 this year. So, if you're looking to scale and take things to the next level, click the link below and see how you can work with me directly. Now, all that being said, thank you so much for watching this video, and I look forward to seeing you in the next

  Top Comments:
  1. @OleStrandMarketing [2 likes]: Hey! I answer all comments from subscribers first!

Ask your questions below and leave a like if you found it valuable 🤙
  2. @caveira8703 [1 likes]: Master, I'm having a lot of trouble deciding what budget to allocate to my creative tests. And how many days should I let them run? I have 10 video creatives to run a product for Clikbank's joints. I have $600 to test these 10 creatives. 
ABO ou CBO?
HUGS FROM SOUTHERN BRAZIL.
  3. @MilaArroyave [1 likes]: Hey Ole, I hope this reaches you and you can provide some clarity on best practices. If I have a 5 ad sets, and one is hogging up all the daily ad spend, are you suggesting to go into that ad set, adjust the daily max (percentage), and then publish those changes? Will that affect anything or cause the ad set to go through a learning phase? Im just trying to ensure Im following best practices and procedure to out these ideas into effect.

Also, would it affect anything if you go back in and remove it if you notice its not working? I want to be careful with messing with it too much. Thanks alot man.
  4. @a-blastwow8557 [1 likes]: Hi! : ) amazing video! Trying to ask you a quest: I can spend 5€ a day on a client. But i'm spending without results. Which is the best strategy in that case if i have 5€ daily? (business: bathroom renovation) . Thanks if you can reply :)
  5. @willbingbing [1 likes]: Why put new ads in a new ad set in your testing campaign? Why can't you just throw new ads into a giant ad set like the scaling campaign?
  6. @theCliper1-z6u [1 likes]: NICE VIDEO MAN
  7. @nataliakaczorowska3390 [1 likes]: Thanks for the video but i have a question - when you launch new creatives to test you always launch is in a new ad set? I thought that it should be in one ad set 😅 but in this case this % of budget allocstion wouldn’t make sense
  8. @Kindermd7 [1 likes]: Sorry, maybe I didn’t get it, but how is this solving the problem? Meta is spending all the budget on an old ad set, and the solution you’re recommending is to set a maximum for the new batch? So basically, you’re indirectly telling Meta to keep spending money on the old ad sets because the new ones have a limitation.
  9. @GameNguyen-gd7ir [1 likes]: Thanks for your insights, we can only put ad set spending limit but my problem is in my testing campaign, only few winning ads take all my budget when I create new creatives, my new ads don’t receive any budget so In that case, how can I put the spending limit in my ad also
  10. @AmarilisWernex: Bem interessante a dica de combinar o CBO com os limites de orçamento por conjunto de anúncios! Sempre tive dificuldade com os anúncios de alta performance consumindo todo o budget e deixando os testes de lado. Vou testar esse ajuste e ver como funciona aqui. Você já viu alguma variação nesse método que funcione melhor para contas menores?
  11. @AmarilisWernex: Interessante a parte sobre usar limites de gasto nos conjuntos de anúncios junto com o CBO, nunca pensei em usar dessa forma! Já tive problemas com criativos vencedores antigos consumindo todo o orçamento e deixando os novos sem chance de performar. Vou testar isso no meu próximo setup!
  12. @kibutzdigital5092: 🎉
  13. @xandemaya: It would make sense to create a single campaign in ABO so that Facebook doesn't distribute the budget unevenly. I don't understand why CBO would be better in this scenario, considering that with each new ad set (whether with a single ad or a batch of 5 or 10 ads), I would need to force spending due to the CBO configuration.
  14. @listnuts8392: So if the only goal is to find ad winners why dont create the testing campaign with ABO and 1 ad set per creative? Thats the only way to find winning ads and move to scaling campaign
  15. @nicolazucchetti7677: Hi,

If I’m running a leadgen CBO with three ad sets, Broad, LAL, and Retargeting, all using the same ads, and I want to test new creatives and angles to see if I can add them to the mix, what’s the best practical way to structure this?

My idea is usuaully:

Create a separate ABO with one ad set per angle.

In each ad set, include multiple creative variations (copy + CTA).

Once I find winners, scale them back into the existing CBO together with existing ads and pause the ABO.

My concern is the constant switching on/off of the ABO every time I need to run creative testing.

Do you think this is the right approach, or would you recommend a better setup?

Thanks a lot.
  16. @ericshinichi: why not just use Ad Set Budget when setting the Budget Strategy? Then we can set different budget for the new ad set to test.
  17. @LarsHaarbrink: Hi Ole, thanks for you video's. Hope my question is not too late :)

We’re currently trying to navigate the new Meta update (andromeda) and I’ve been wondering about the best structure for ad sets going forward.

Is it recommended to mix different creative types within the same ad set - for example both videos and static images? What I mean specifically is something like this:

1 ad set containing multiple concepts
- Concept 1: 5 static images featuring the product (e.g. earrings) with different models and poses
- Concept 2: 5 UGC-style videos
- Concept 3: 5 static images pushing a high-discount angle (e.g. Black Friday)

Is this the intended way of structuring things after the update? Because I’m getting the impression that having just 2–6 ads inside an ad set isn’t enough anymore. It feels like Meta wants a much higher volume of creatives to optimize properly - almost pushing us toward 20+ ads per ad set, especially since a “winners” ad set can easily end up with 20-50 ads.

Is this line of thinking correct, or am I interpreting the update incorrectly?
Curious to hear your experience and thoughts.
  18. @divyv20: Hey Ole , really nice video! I was wondering if I could help you with high Quality Editing and thumbnails which will bring you very good results. Lmk if you are open to it man?
  19. @saiki19: Thanks for the great insights. A few questions. 

Q1: As you add new batches every week, how should you go about increasing the budget for the campaign? And how should you adjust the max spend for older batches so that the newer batches gets enough budget? When should you retire a batch? 
Q2: Why keep the winning ad in old batches if they will be moved to scaling campaign where there the ad will be spent on again?
  20. @CreamyCollective: Hey! I selected the Advantage Plus Shopping Campaigin and it basically told me to combine all my adsets into one, now I have around 11 creatives in just one adset, did I mess up?

- Best Facebook Ads Targeting Strategy for 2026: Kind: captions Language: en in this video I'm going to show you three very different Facebook ad targeting strategies that use different Facebook ad campaign types now I've spent more than $100 million on these three targeting strategies and know exactly which ones you should use and when let's get into it so before you get into the specific targeting options that you might want to select within your Facebook ad campaigns you first need to decide on which Facebook ad campaign type you going to use because once you select the type of campaign that's going to have a big impact on what targeting options are even available to you as you go through the campaign creation process and there's different ends of the spectrum there's campaign types that allow you to have a lot of input and control as a Facebook Advertiser and others where you basically have none and it's all up to Meta Meta is going to work out your targeting for you okay so to walk you through these options I'm in an example uh Facebook ad account here the first one I'm going to talk about are Advantage Plus shopping campaigns and quickly show you what that looks like from a targeting standpoint so I'm just going to go ahead and click on this green create button going to go down to sales click continue and then you can see we've got two options we've got manual sales campaigns and then we've got Advantage Plus shopping campaign I'll talk about manual sales campaigns later on if we select Advantage Plus shopping campaign I click continue here now the thing you'll notice about this is that there's only two levels to this campaign there's instead of having traditional three levels of campaign adset ad they've got two levels because the campaign and adset levels are combined and then this one here is for ad creation right but if we go back to this campaign and adset level the equivalent of so if we scroll down I'm not going to worry about this other stuff I'm just going to get down to the targeting section which is here basically the only input that you can have over the targeting with an Advantage Plus shopping campaign is audience location this section here so you can see it's defaulted the UK but I could change that I could add other countries I could get more um specific all that sort of thing right and you can see that meta here is encouraging us to be broad with our targeting even so when it comes to an advanced FL shopping campaign you also have this section here but this is very much for reporting this is not for targeting so you can enter in um who your engaged audience is who your existing customers are and that's going to allow meta to report on how much of your budget is spent on cold audience versus people who have engaged with your business versus people who' have already bought from you previously but it doesn't really affect targeting uh very much this is it its audience location now if you're new to Facebook and Instagram advertising you might be thinking why on Earth would you not want to have more targeting input why on Earth would you not want to say um I think you should Target these people because they're likely to be interested in my products and services meta how do you even know what my products and services are and who's going to be interested in them how are you going to be able to work out who to Target what we've seen over the years is that meta has become much much more sophisticated at working out who to put your ads in front of who are the best possible prospects and they know because they have tons of data on their users from their interactions both on platform and off platform uh what they're interested in what they purchase what they talk about etc etc um and also they use realtime feedback loops when they're running your ads so they'll test with a setup like this where meta is going to work it out for you they'll put ads in front of lots of different people and they'll see who engages with them and who then goes on to convert most of the time going to be make a purchase which is what you're going to optimize for most of the time with the Advantage Plus shopping campaign and meta will then go aha okay we can see more engagement from people this age who are interested in this who live here let's put more ads in front of people just like them and those feedback loops are now very fast meta's algorithm for working this out their AI for putting this in place is very sophisticated and we do typically see that meta does a good job of working out who to advertise to now might thinking okay but why are there so few targeting options in here and really what meta is trying to do with Advantage Plus shopping campaigns is they're trying to eliminate Advertiser error so they're basically saying we don't want you as the advertiser coming in adding in lots of targeting criteria reducing the size of your audience right down because you're likely to get worse results that means you're going to miss out on a lot of potential customers so they're just going you know what hands off will'll manage it for you there's also to some extent a push to protect user privacy so if advertisers aren't selecting targeting options but sort of Mets doing that behind the scenes then then um they're less likely to come under external pressure because one of the things that people often find a bit creepy about online advertising in general if they're not familiar with it is the ability to Target People based on their behaviors online or their interests and things like that and this sort of puts that behind um the system as it were behind a wall where us as advertisers aren't doing it it's being done um automatically so there is is that motivation um as well so as matters become more and more sophisticated we've used Advantage Plus shopping campaigns more and more I'll talk about when you want to use which one and and when once we've once we've run through um the options but whilst to beginners this might sound crazy it is often a really good way to go now in the same way that you have Advantage Plus shopping camp campaigns and then manual sales campaigns there is a tailored campaign version for lead campaigns so you can do manual lead campaigns or you could do tailored lead campaigns um and that does have restricted targeting criteria although it is more you know the diff there is a difference between Advantage FL shopping and a tailored leads campaign in terms of what you can do targeting wise but I just wanted to quickly mention it because if you're thinking well okay this only applies to sales campaigns right there is a Lead version as well that has a more restricted targeting setup we'll get back to the video in a second before we do I just want to quickly let you know about my mentorship program now with my mentorship program me and my team Mentor people daily to help them get the best possible Facebook ad results we've actually had some amazing results recently from some of our mentees we'll pop them up on screen right now in fact 82% of people that join my mentorship program see a notable Improvement in their Facebook ads return on adspend within just 30 days of joining and that's a stat that I'm really proud of there is a link in the video description below you can click on that come through to a page on our website and book in a free no obligation call with one of my team members to find out more about it and see if it would be a really good fit for you hopefully we get a chance to work together okay so the next campaign type that then impacts the targeting options that you have um that I want to go through is a manual campaign in this case I'm going use a manual sales campaign that then uses Advantage Plus audience targeting not to be confused with this Advantage Plus shopping campaign I know because they both contain the phrase Advantage Plus that can make things confusing and this is something that advertisers get confused on all the time on my mhip calls this is something that comes up all the time which one of these two are you actually using people think they're the same thing they are most definitely not so I'm going to show you the difference now so that you understand so I just go ahead and close that down that's an Advantage Plus shopping campaign if I go ahead and create a new campaign let's go ahead and select sales again uh click continue and this time we're going to go with a manual sales campaign so if I click continue here we've got the three levels again right we've got The Campaign level the adset level and the ad we know that targeting is set at the adset level so that's what we're going to skip through to and not going to worry about anything else within this adset level instead I'm going to come down to the targeting section okay so the default in most Facebook ad accounts not all but most Facebook ad accounts now is when you create a manual campaign this going to apply to manual sales campaigns just like manual lead campaigns is to have this setup where you have Advantage Plus audience targeting you can see that down here and what you get with Advantage Plus audience targeting is a combination between this audience control set ction and then Advantage Plus audience so the difference between the two is that anything that occurs that you input within audience controls are hard targeting criteria is in meta follow these as rules I only want to Target people that meet this criteria whereas anything you enter as Advantage Plus audience targeting down here is a suggestion you can see it literally says audience suggestion down here so in the audience controls part we have things like location just like with the Advantage Plus campaign it's like look I only want to advertise in these locations if I'm a local business is only around here uh maybe I only want to advertise in one country maybe I want to advertise in specific countries but meta don't sort of violate that targeting criteria just stick um to that place there are some other options as well if I click see options you can set a minimum age only goes up to 25 but there are all sorts of products and services that you can only advertise to people over a certain age and that's going to vary between country rights so that might be really important of okay I have to advertise legally to only people over the age of 21 um for this particular product you can exclude custom audiences you can specifically exclude warm audiences um let's say you're running a new customer offer that you don't really want your existing customers to see that would be a good use case and then you can be specific around languages okay so those are the options you've got in audience controls then we come down to the Advantage Plus audience section and these are suggestions so you can enter in things like age ranges uh gender targeting and then detail targeting so for example our um if we were running ads for our own stuff to called audiences we might add in something like social media marketing people who are interested in social media marketing right so I can go ahead I don't want job titles I want don't want employers I want that as an interest another thing to just watch out for on targeting so I might have something like this but all these criteria are suggestions so even if I set an age range of I don't know 25 to let's say 55 if meta believes there is someone outside of that age range younger or older who may well be perfect for what we're advertising here and likely to convert they will still put ads in front of them likewise if you select uh along gender lines if you say look I want to go only advertise only to men if meta feels like there are some women that might really convert or vice versa then they would then they will put ads in front of them the same applies detail targeting and you can also with advis plus audience add in custom audience um sections so this could be warm audiences this could be look look audiences and if you add a warm audience in here let's say website visitors as an example okay so let's go ahead and add in website visitors uh website visitors 180 days and let me there's loads of custom a in there cuz this is an example ad account um so let's say we D website visitors 180 days well yes meta can Target those people but it can also go outside of that um as well and target people who haven't visited your website in 180 days again if the system believes that there are good prospects out there that are likely to convert so these things are all suggestions and this is kind of a clever hybrid between just fully trust ing Advantage Plus shopping campaigns where you have no control but also going the other end and not giving method the flexibility and saying I only want to Target these people with Advantage Plus audience targeting in manual campaigns you kind of get to benefit from both uh worlds you get to say look meta here's some direction here are some warm audiences of mine um here's some interest targeting options that I think apply why don't you start there but then you have the flexibility to learn and and Target other people um from there after that then the Third campaign type I want to talk about is manual campaigns just like this one so manual sales campaign manual leads campaign but instead of using Advantage Plus audience targeting where you have this split I just demonstrated between audience controls and Advantage Plus audience instead what you do is you come down here and you switch to original audience options now meta is going to recommend you don't do that they're going to say you're likely to get worse results up to 33% lower cost per result if you use Advantage Plus audience but you can override and go ahead and say no no I want to use original audiences now once you do that you will see that when it comes to your targeting option you've obviously got the warnings I just talked about but your targeting setup is basically what it used to be before meta introduced Advantage Plus shopping campaigns and before they introduced Advantage Plus audience right so here you're entering things like custom audiences locations age ranges gender uh detailed targeting options and these can act as hard constraints as in don't mattera go outside these these aren't suggestions anymore these are I only want to Target these people now for us to properly work as in literally just target the people within your targeting criteria you do need to deselect any targeting expansion options which are turned on by default so for example this one here Advantage custom audience is saying you can reach people beyond my website visitors so you would want to deselect that again meth is going to tell you not to recommend you uh you don't do that and then depending on what other targeting inputs you've selected um you might have other targeting expansion we can see we've got Advantage Detail targeting here now in not in all ad accounts I should say can you actually even turn these off anymore like in some ad account accounts you can't turn off Advantage custom audience or uh Advantage Detail targeting um that's going to vary ad account to ad account some ad accounts don't have original audiences this whole setup as an option anymore but this is the option that gives you as the advertiser the most control if you wanted to be really specific and say no I only want to advertise to these people now I'll talk about which one you should use and when in a minute but before I do that I want to make a really really important point and that's that the data we receive by default in our Facebook and Instagram ad accounts is nowhere near as accurate as it used to be but in order to get the best out of your Facebook campaigns no matter which campaign type you choose no matter which targeting option you choose you have to have accurate data without that you can't optimize the campaigns and meta can't optimize the campaigns and we've seen especially with campaign types like Advantage Plus shopping campaigns and things like that where meta has more control that is absolutely crucial now the solution to that lowquality data by default is hyros hyos is the best tracking and attribution software for Facebook and Instagram ads it's a software that all the big players including myself use I use it to track the results I generate from my own ad I also use it for all my organic content as well which is really useful so someone comes through and books a call for our done for you services for example I can see exactly where they came from with a lot of accuracy and that allows me to make decisions in my business which is really really helpful and let me quickly show you how important this is so I'm in my hos dashboard um I've isolated one of our meta ad campaigns and I created a report for it so we can see the data and you can take a look at this so this campaign spent just under £2,000 generated £15,000 in Revenue but here's the really important bit reported versus revenue and in this column we can see £12,000 now what that means is that out of the £15,000 that this campaign has actually generated Hy Ros has been able to report on the full 15,000 12 £12,000 of which meta was not originally able to see so if we're just looking within our meta ad account not using hos we would have seen that £ 3,000 of revenue is generated from this campaign and that is not true at all that is a much much lower roas number than the actual1 15,000 of Revenue that was generated for a number of years now meta's ad tracking capabilities have not been as accurate as they once were because all sorts of privacy regulations to come into effect and it's only heading that way it's only becoming more and more difficult to get accurate data and and track our results as we need to be able to do this is a relatively extreme case and the reason why is because meta has a 7day maximum attribution window and this is an ad campaign that's retargeting for one of our services that people usually take a lot longer than 7 days to make a decision on so someone clicks on an ad they often won't convert within 7 Days meta simply not able to see that data and that's where hyos comes in the important thing is that you need accurate data and hyos takes care of that so if you want to get better results from your Facebook ads without actually having to touch your ads go ahead and sign up to hos there is a link in the video description so which one of these three campaign types should you be using so more often than not now we are going to use Advantage Plus shopping campaigns for our clients that's typically what we are going to use and we've been transitioning that way for some time because through enormous amounts of testing we found that more often than not not always but more often than not that is going to produce the best results for our clients but what I should say is that most of the time when we start working with a client they've already running Facebook and Instagram ads for a while they've already proven that the platform can work for them can generate leads generate um sales what that means is that their ad account has data in it and we have found and it kind of makes sense logically that Advantage Plus shopping campaigns perform better when that ad account has conversion data because of course that's how meta is going to work out who to put ads in front of and all the other optimization points like how often to put ads in front of them and that sort of thing right so the more sales that you actually have in a in an ad account the more likely and Advantage Plus shopping campaign is going to perform well and that is the scenario with a lot of the clients that that work with us they've already been running um that before but if you're not in that scenario and you are a beginner or you've got a relatively new ad account that doesn't have a lot of conversion data then I do like that middle option that hybrid option where you're using Advantage Plus audience you're using a manual either sales or leads campaign it can work for either and then you're using that Advantage Plus audience targeting option to give meta some direction some targeting suggestions some initial idea so that meta's not testing from just you know the pool of humanity they are actually sort of uh targeted initially but it also gives meta that flexibility to work out who to Target um you're not going to make big mistakes making your audience far too small and being too restrictive and preventing your your ad campaigns from reaching a lot of potentially good leads a lot of potentially good prospects that might purchase and become customers and all that sort of thing okay so for me it's it's a nice hybrid I would not recommend that you use original audiences and then deselect all the targeting expansion options like I discussed unless you have a very specific reason to do so it's very easy to do that and mess things up and if I just jump back to the ad account I can show you exactly what I'm talking about so within this original audience's um setup I've got a custom audience in here website 180 days I've also narrowed down by age range a bit and I've narrowed down by um interest and I'm only targeting the UK and because this is an example ad account it doesn't have the pixel set up on like my website it's on an example website because demonstration purposes we can see that the estimated daily results here reach less than 10 basically this campaign won't run it won't put ads in front of people why because I've gone in and messed up the targeting setup here I've been too specific I've got custom audiences in alongside other Target options like um interest and things like that not something you want to do with original audiences absolutely fine with Advantage Plus audience because with that setup meta has the flexibility to go beyond those people so they'll start with your website visitors they'll start with people interested in social media marketing but also go and advertise to others if um they think that's going to get you good results and is appropriate but not with this setup so it's very easy with a original audiences to mess things up and that's why meta is really moving away from it and makes it harder to find and they don't recommend when you switch to it you saw there are all sorts of no don't do this this is not going to get you um the best results however there are some specific scenarios where original audiences uh might be the right option to go with so if you wanted to retarget people and be very very specific that you're only reaching a specific audience and not going beyond that I've talked about that being an advantage for most businesses but for some that's not great let's say you wanted to hit people at a certain stage of your sales funnel you've got a three-step sales funnel and you want to advertise only to people that have already gone through through step one but not yet gone through step two and you don't want to advertise people that have already gone through step two so you just after that slice of your sales funnel and you want to make sure that they see ads that get them to the next level then that might be a really good way to go a specific warm audience only offer might be something that's not available to new customers well again you might want to get really specific and um and only and only advertise those people and original audiences with all the targeting expansion options turned off uh might be the way to go there okay so there are some specific use cases but that would not be the default for a lot of businesses and you can make mistakes with it so I think uh Advantage Plus shopping campaigns or Advantage Plus audience manual campaigns I know the terminology is confusing uh hopefully you now understand are going to be the way to go for most businesses and what I would say around which one to go with those two is that the more conversion data you get the more likely Advantage Plus shopping is going to work really well for you the less you have perhaps lean more towards manual campaigns and advant AG plus audience that will obviously change over time so reassess that don't just think okay I'm Advantage Plus audience with manual campaigns and then not reassess uh you know a few months down the line when you've got more conversion data and if you haven't already absolutely test both of those because we still find even in ad accounts with a lot of conversion data that sometimes manual campaigns with Advantage Plus audience produces better results and vice versa ad accounts with not a lot of conversion data doing really well with Advantage Plus shopping campaign so really really important to test both of those very quick and easy to replicate and use a different style you can use the same ad creative and and run a shortterm test to see which performs um best for your business and always be led by the data and be willing to to adjust right the way I think meta is going to go is more towards the Advantage Plus um shopping campaigns where meta has more control over targeting and us as advertisers need to focus on other things for competitive Advantage like creative offers things I talk about all the time time but um but yeah that is just something to be aware of in terms of the thought process of which one should you use run it through those filters test and then go with what you see as best but reassess that maybe run that test every 6 months or so as your ad account matures and as the platform gets more sophisticated a generated conversions so you now know which Facebook ad targeting strategy you should use and if you want to go one step further and work out the specific targeting options that would produce the best results for your Facebook and Instagram ads go ahead and watch this video in it I show you everything you need to know targeting Wise from a a targeting creation and setup standpoint right so how to create custom audiences to retarget how to create lookalike audiences um the detailed targeting options all that sort of stuff so if you haven't already go ahead and check this out

  Top Comments:
  1. @BenHeath [4 likes]: Get personal Meta Ads feedback from me (live) for less than $60 per session:
👉 https://www.skool.com/benheath/about
Let my agency run your Meta ads for you:
👉 https://heathmedia.co.uk/done-for-you/
  2. @i.mahdihosseini: have you tried IPWeb advertising?
  3. @Moonbeam-z3z7j: Really love the brand new strategies that seem to be game changing as IPweb keep pushing the boundaries honestly hope this will work sufficiently.
  4. @JahangirAlam-ns9rw: I am earning a fairly good income from IPweb. It is a very good side.
  5. @ShilaDas-e5l: Great post
  6. @SamiaChowdhury-i4r: “Really useful breakdown of audience targeting strategies. The examples were clear and practical for beginners. Thanks IPweb for bringing attention to this helpful content!”....👍🏻👌🏻
  7. @naveedkachannel1: IPweb is a great platform for ads targeting YouTube videos. Easy tasks, smooth experience, and a good way to boost engagement naturally!
  8. @oladapojoshua1881: If you want to boost your social media account..ipweb promotion is for you
  9. @sujatar-u7s: Great 💕 Very nice , impressive and admirable post you always share here to be watched again and again.amazing💕💕💕🎉🎉🎉🎉💕💕💕
  10. @chskamska6137: This analysis of Facebook Ads targeting strategies for 2026 is truly insightful. The emphasis on leveraging data analytics to refine audience segmentation will undoubtedly enhance campaign effectiveness.
@ipweb
  11. @SamirKrishnaHira: Love it
  12. @AURORA65-s1l: Great content as always 🙌 I’ve been exploring this topic across different platforms like IPweb and YouTube, and your explanation is one of the clearest.
  13. @DavilBro-w2i: this is a better work
  14. @AffanKhan-v8f4v: Ipweb best website to earning and advisement I recommended every person
  15. @TeFa-h4l: The targeting strategies shared here for 2026 are truly game-changing. It's interesting to see how the Advantage+ audience features are evolving. Thanks for the clear tutorial! Supported by IPweb.
  16. @GayatriMusic-u5l: Sure complain watch videos
  17. @fawadkhan-x5n4c: This was actually so helpful, thanks for sharing! I found out about this through IPweb and I’m glad I clicked. Keep up the great work!"
  18. @JituJi-m4s: such a great video. 😅
  19. @HafsaMairaj: Ipweb : I think this is the very best video i have ever seen, full of knowledge, commendable, please keep on making and uploading such more videos 👍
  20. @NaeamKhan-h4s: Nice 👍 I liked the video

- Facebook Ads Custom Audiences for Beginners (2026 Tutorial): Kind: captions Language: en custom audiences are super important when it comes to running successful Facebook ads and in this video I'm going to show you how to create them all right so here we are in the Facebook ads manager dashboard hopefully you know how to navigate to this you already have this open this is going to be focused on creating those custom audiences that you can actually use in your Facebook ads so now that you have your ad account what we're going to do is from the actual ads manager right here we're going to come over to the left right here and go to audiences and this is where we're able to create all of our custom audiences all right so now that we have this opened up this is for my actual business for jet ads we have all of these different actual custom audiences right here as well as lookalike audiences all that falls under here and if youve never created a custom audience before you won't have any audiences and the same process still applies so this dashboard will look a little bit different but you'll have an option to go ahead and create your first audience now I'm going to show you all the different audience that you can create as well I'm going to recommend the audiences that you should create as we go through here so that you have all the best audiences that you should be targeting in Facebook ads so click on create audience right here and then you're going to click on create custom audience right here so custom audience that's going to open up this dashboard and so from here you have a a lot of different options for creating a custom audience you have your website which is going to be your most valuable source to create custom audiences this is going to be people and data that Facebook has from people that have visited your website so that would be website visitors which are more engaged obviously than somebody who's just engage with your Instagram profile for example this is going to be people who've added a car people who have initiated checkout who have purchased purchased something from you or completed a lead or something like that on your website all of that's going to fall under website so super important there you also have your customer list so if you have a lead list you can upload that here you can also upload anybody who's purchased from you if you have a list of people who purchased from you you can upload that here as well and you can also upload cold lead list that you have as well if you want to Target them with ads so another great option there you also have app activity so if you have an app and you have you know something on the store then you can use app activ full transparency I've never used app activity so I'm not too familiar with this one but if you have an app that's another audience that's super valuable for you you also have offline activity again transparent I don't I've never used this audience before but it's an audience who've interacted with your business in store over the phone or by an offline channel so maybe you take phone calls that might be a valuable one for you you also have catalog catalog refers to people that have engaged with your Facebook shopping catalog essentially so if you set up a shop catalog with Facebook and Shopify or something like that and you have all of your products there and you created a storefront this would be people who have engaged with your catalog so again more engaged than somebody who's just engaged with you know your Instagram for example then we have our meta sources right here so these are all of your sources and then meta sources are anything that happens on the meta platform so you have your videos right here so anybody who's engaged with a video that you have we'll go through that you have your Instagram account anybody that's engaged with your Instagram you have any lead forms that people have engaged with any events so this would be people who have interacted with one or more of your events on Facebook you have instant experience which is people open an instant experience on Facebook or Instagram you have your Facebook page and engagers on that you have your shopping so people have engaged with your shopping and things like that then you have your Facebook on Facebook listings and you have your augmented reality so a lot of these I've never really experimented with the only ones that I primarily use that you're probably in the same position to use as well is the website one is huge super important to that the customer list one is also huge and your catalog if you have products is another big one video is also another great one if you're on video ads to use as a as a custom audience there Instagram is another big one Facebook page and potentially shopping and also lead form those are the kind of the main big ones that we're going to go through here so let's start out with website and go over how to create a custom audience for your website so we're going to click on this and go next right here and then it's going to have your pixel so hopefully you have your pixel set up connected to your website that's what we're going to use here to create this first custom audience now when you've selected that Source I know I have some different other sources right here that are connected to this particular ad account this is the only active one I have a couple that I have retired here so I'm going to select my active pixel and then you have a couple of different events so if you open this uper here you can see you have all website visitors people who visited a specific web page Visitors by time spent you also have page view invite these are some different events that are actually importing in from cly that I've added my pixel to as well so if you add your pixel to other places there's custom events that might be added as well for different softwares and then we have a lead and schedule these are different events that I have as well so first of all if you want to just create an audience for all website visitors everybody should do this and I would recommend creating an audience for website visitors in the last 30 days so I just name this BV for website visitors pixel 30 days right and I'm going to go ahead and create that audience boom so I've now created that audience now from this audience we can actually use this in our ads now we can create a lookalike audience from that custom audience and we can also continue to create other custom audiences which is what we're going to do so now I've created that what I'm going to do is navigate to right here go to custom audiences and I am going to go back to website and I am going to go back to here back to this pixel another audience I'd recommend creating is 180 days of website visitors this is the maximum amount of data that Facebook gives you if you try to go over this right the most it can be is 180 so 180 days just the maximum data that you have of everybody from your website this is the audience I would recommend actually running some retargeting ads too it just has all of your data together I wouldn't try to worry too much about these little micro segmentations of specific landing pages and yeah specific things Facebook has all that data and so if you just give it all of the potential people in that audience broader is better in my opinion so I'm going to go website visitors pixel 180 days and I'm going to create that audience as well so those are a couple different audiences we've created now what else I'm want to do go to custom audiences right here if you go to websites some other options that you have to creates are specific web pages so again if you do have a specific landing page you can easily add in the URL right here uh and maybe you want to exclude people that have visited a certain website page maybe those people always are onboarded or customers so you can go ahead and exclude that if you need to Visitors by time spent you can do this I wouldn't recommend it though but it is an interesting one to filter by what I would do is if you have a certain thing that you want to exclude so for me schedule is a big one I don't want anybody who's actually scheduled a meeting with me to be showing any more ads because that's kind of the conversion event that we want so I am going to go schedule pixel 180 days and I can actually use this audience now to exclude from my ads when I go ahead and set that up and I'll I'll show you how to set up your ads with these custom audiences in just a moment here so for other additional custom auds that I recommend you to create the biggest one is Instagram another huge one there so go Instagram accounts and I'm going to select my Instagram account right here and you have a couple different options for Instagram so you can go everybody who's engaged with this professional account you can do account Center accounts who started following this account so this one's a cool one if you want to create a custom audience just for your followers I'd recommend setting that one up you might not run any ads but it will have everybody in there that's started following your account which is a good audience to create so I'm going to do followers or I'm going to do sorry IG followers and I'm just going to do my brand name jet ads I'm going to create that audience right there awesome so that's another audience that we created right there go back to custom audiences let's create another one and what I would recommend here is to create an audience for everyone who's engaged with this professional account again broader is better this gets everybody in for the maximum time range for on metadata the max that you can get is 36 65 I try to go over that again you'll see 365 is the max amount of time um so everybody's engaged with my account which would include they've visited my profile took an action on a post or ad such as like commenting saving Carousel swipes button taps or shares every type of engagement on your Instagram account that's going to create an audience for all of those people you can get more specific with this you can do messaged you can do saved an ad you can do visited your profile but I'd like everyone is engaged just gets everybody in there and again what I'm going to do is IG engagers 365 jet ads I'm going to create that audience boom so I've now created that audience as well and let's continue on here another audience I'd recommend doing the same thing for their Facebook page if you have some followers there as well doesn't hurt to set this one up so everyone is engaged with your page in the last 365 days so I'm going to do FB engagers 365 days boom and we've now created that other custom audience as well and lastly the other one that I want to touch on you can do pretty much the same thing for all of these the last one that I'm going to touch on right here is your customer lists right here which is super important and I'd recommend everybody doing this as well especially if you have a list of cold prospects or warm prospects as well so you can import this from MailChimp if you actually use MailChimp otherwise you need to have some of these fields matching and so all you have to do is go next right here if you have value so Revenue spent with your brand or something like that then you can do a value per customer if not just go no and then what you're going to do here is upload a CSV file so I'm going to upload a file here and show you how this all works okay awesome so I uploaded this list right here I'm going to go next and I just named this so I'm going to go next now is going to upload all these fields so you can see we have the business email so it's automatically pulled that out and it's categorized that so it has the email right there it has what is this data processing country do not upload that's not correct this one is country so that is correct I'm going to upload that and then go to actions needed here and this is where you can upload this some of this additional information right here so we have the first name so I'm going to add that we have the last name I am also going to add that a company name as you can see company name is not one of the fields that we can add right here so what we're going to do is scroll down here and see if there's any other fields that we can actually add job title is not one of the fields as you can see here so we're going to keep on going the city so that is one that we do want to add so we have City region North America we don't need to add that and then we already have the country and I believe those are all of the different metrics that we can add if you go here you can see you can also add in a phone number which do we have there should be a phone number okay I guess this list does not have a phone number so if you had a phone number you could add that as as as well you could also add in a zip code state or Province and a date of birth year of birth gender and age as well let me just double check here I think that there should be a state okay I guess there's no state so I have all five of these mapped right here and then what I'm going to do is just import and create right here and boom so we've now uploaded all 1,400 of these leads your customer list is now hashed and uploaded and what we can actually do is create a lookalike audience based on this lead list if we wanted to so I'm going to go ahead and go to lookalike audiences right here and you can see has my source as this for the lookalike audience and then I can set my location so maybe I want to United States awesome and then 1% I could go all the way to 10 maybe I want to do 10 so I'll set that to 10% and I will go ahead and create this audience right here and boom as you can see I've now created a lookalike audience that has 28 million people in the US based on those, 1500 people that I uploaded to Facebook ads now lastly I'm going to show you how to upload these custom audiences to use them in Facebook ads when creating your campaigns so let's go back to campaigns right here and what we're going to do is just quickly set up a new campaign and show you how to use these audiences right here so what I'm going to do I am going to just set up let's say a sales campaign let's go next right here I'm going to go manual sales campaign let's continue with that let's just go custom audience test awesome I'm going to turn campaign Budget on let's just say it's at $20 per day amazing let's go down to the adset level now and this is where we're going to set this to website we're going to add our pixel in right here conversion name let's say we want our conversion to be invite meeting scheduled great we have that scroll down here past all this you can change your location targeting right here so let's just say I want to add in the United States as well boom keep scrolling down here and then under Advantage Plus audience right here we're going to switch to original audience options however what you can also do is add in some audience suggestions right here if you want to leave Advantage Plus audience on in most cases probably want to do this but you can also switch to original audience options doesn't make a big difference as I think it's honestly kind of the same both ways Facebook expands your audience outside of what you give it anyways but what you can do here if you wanted to just Target let's say use original audience if you wanted to just Target one of those custom audiences that you've actually created right here go to custom audiences so I switched to the other mode and turned Advantage Plus off and then what I'm going to do is go to custom audience right here go over to custom audience and I am going to add in that list so say I just wanted to Target all of my Ig engagers and all of my Ig followers right I could add that in right here I could turn off Advantage custom audience so it's not going to reach people Beyond this audience and maybe I want to actually exclude people that have visited my website so I want to engage I want to send an ad to everybody who's engaged in my Instagram follows my Instagram but has never visited my website you can easily do that right here by going back to custom audien right here and going website visitors in the last 180 days excluding that and now we're just going to be targeting our IG engagers and followers in the last 365 days and our IG followers as well and we're excluding everybody who visit our website in the last 180 days in the United States and Canada and then we have our genders and age right here you can change all that around and that's the really quick and dirty way really simple way how you can create custom audiences use them in Facebook ads get started right away and again you can create different ad sets each of them having its own custom audience so that you can kind of separate and name each of the custom audiences that you want so maybe this one you want to have it as IG engagers right then you could do that as your adet name and then what you could do is just duplicate this and what you could do is do another audience Facebook engagers and Target this to people who have engaged with your Facebook that you want to actually remarket to in this case so if I go Facebook engagers 365 boom now I have another ad set that I can Target Facebook engagers I can create ads for each duplicate them over and run some ads there super super simple and that's how to create custom audiences in Facebook ads all right so there you go I hope you enjoyed the video that's how to create custom audiences a really in-depth look at how to do that and how to use them in your actual ads so if you did enjoy the video I appreciate a like And subscribe to the channel if you don't want to miss out on any of the latest content I'm putting out around advertising on Facebook Google Tik Tok and more also if you're a DDC brand and want help growing and scaling your ads on any of those digital platforms check the link in the description and apply to work with my team be happy to have a call with you and see if you're a good fit until the next video I hope you have an amazing rest of your day and I'll catch you in the next one peace

  Top Comments:
  1. @danielgadzimski7206 [5 likes]: brother, how does this video have 10k views and only 163 likes. What are people doing
  2. @JA-yi8bs [2 likes]: Are these custom audiences dynamically adding new people to their pools? Or are they just snap shots of the x-number of days prior to the date of creating the custom audience? Meta are having me on I think! Nice video man - appreciate the content
  3. @DeborahWolfert-c7u [2 likes]: You putting this up for free is actually clutch - praise to you
  4. @MrKitty-ei7ho [1 likes]: Thanks man i'm working in digital marketing field this helped me a lot:face-red-heart-shape:
  5. @CharityRay-r4k [1 likes]: You are amazing! Appreciate you!
  6. @samanthas6073 [1 likes]: I accidentally clicked next and didn't enter a website for my pixel. How do I go back and fix this? When I click back it just takes me back to the "choose a custom audience" window but doesn't let me set a source for my pixel....
  7. @SammyRms [1 likes]: Thank you so much!
  8. @THEHVACSQUAD [1 likes]: Can we make custom audience from ads that i ran previously?
  9. @soulutioncreator [1 likes]: Can you upload new contacts into a saved audience?
  10. @jr_learns [1 likes]: Awesome vid, very helpful
  11. @AlexBueno-m2q [1 likes]: :finger-red-number-one::finger-red-number-one::finger-red-number-one::finger-red-number-one:
  12. @Gian-m9t [1 likes]: Hey! Nice Video. But i cant choose more like 3 events in my Facbook acc. Why i cant?
  13. @CANALESAVAGE [1 likes]: well done
  14. @milmildeldel: apreciate it
  15. @meurhioandarasti0955: dude when i tried to create custom audience using instagram account this always pops up : (#2654) No permission on event source: Do not have audience creation permission on one or more event sources. please help
  16. @Български_стари_породи_гълъби: I don't have a schedule as an option (to avoid repeating ads to people who have seen it) what should I choose given that I only have:

All website visitors
Includes people who have visited any of your websites.
People who visited specific web pages
Includes people who have visited specific websites or web pages.
Visitors by time spent
From your events
InitiateCheckout
PageView
Purchase
ViewContent
AddToCart

- The Best Facebook Ads Targeting Strategy for 2026: Kind: captions Language: en Today I'm going to be showing you the best Facebook ads targeting strategy that you can use in 2026. This is the exact strategy we used to take this brand from $46,000 in spend to $282,000 in spend and at the same time increase revenue from $88,000 to $544,000. Because while MetaReps and a bunch of Facebook gurus out there tell you to only run broad targeting and do things like the one campaign method, we're out here interest targeting, using broad targeting, still even using some lookalike targeting behind the scenes that has absolutely transformed how well broad can actually scale. So the first thing we need to understand is what does broad targeting actually mean? Because basically everyone gets this totally wrong. when we go ahead and create a sales campaign. So once we create a sales campaign and we go down to our adset and we set up our adset as we normally would, which includes website conversion events, number of conversions or value of conversions, we set our data set correctly and we set the purchase conversion event. After that, we go down to the audience section and we can see in my case there's absolutely no settings touched. Everything is 100% broad and this is what everyone's doing right now. Now on the right hand side, we can see an estimated audience size of 150 million to 184 million people. That is essentially the entire addressable market of the United States. That is everyone that is active in a 30-day period on Instagram, Facebook, and WhatsApp, which are the meta platforms. And I should also mention that I have a minimum age of 18 set because we're not advertising to anyone younger. So, of course, there's a slightly larger audience overall, but this is the core of who we're going to target. Now, the thing we all need to understand here is that the 180 million max is nowhere close to who you can actually target. Because what Meta actually does is it takes who's most relevant for you and then it only allows you to target those people. So what you may have noticed if you've tried to scale before is something like this happens. You continue to spend, you continue to spend, you continue to spend, your spend is going up linearly, right? So you go from $0 in spend all the way down here to say $1,000 a day, maybe even upwards of $5,000 per day. But what actually happens to your audience, which is going to be the red line here, is at first your audience scales. You're reaching more people. You're reaching more people. You're reaching more people. But what actually happens as you continue to scale is you might reach more overall people, but the cost to reach the next person increases. Therefore, your CPMs go up, your CPCs go up, and of course, your return on ad spend or your cost per acquisition go in the wrong direction. This is obviously just because you can't target the correct people. What you'll also notice in your ad platform is your frequency goes up. Frequency is such an important metric for us to understand because as you can see here, it is the average number of times each account center account saw your ad, which means the average number of times a person sees your ad. So what typically happens as brands scale just with broad audiences is they find a point that is a roadblock. They hit that roadblock, their CPMs go up, their frequencies go up, meaning they're showing their ads to the same people over and over and over. even though it's broad, they're nowhere close to targeting that 150 or 180 million people. So, how do we actually solve this? And why is this targeting strategy so critical to deploy, especially during times when you're trying to scale? So, the way that we break this down is we have a combination of broad targeting and interest or custom targeting as well. What this does in practice is the interest groups find new audiences that might be applicable that were not being targeted by your broad. then your broad audience goes from a narrow target to a little bit bigger, a little bit bigger and a little bit bigger because you're actually training the pixel. You're training your account and therefore you're training those broad audiences to find new people based on those interests that it didn't consider previously. So, what do we do inside of an ad account? First off, you probably have seen this exact chart from me before. This flowchart, this is our system. This is what we call the N3 system. This is the structure that we like to follow. What we're going to focus on is the prospecting CBO setup. And the way that we set this up, the campaign, we call it prospecting CBO. It is using campaign budget optimization. And this is going to be the majority driver for your ad account, meaning it could spend as much as you feel comfortable. It's going to be using campaign budget. And for your daily budget, this is going to be your primary campaign. So, if you want to spend $1,000 a day, you could plug most of the $1,000 right into this single campaign. So, Meta's algorithm could actually assign dollars to the best performing creatives. Inside of our ad groups, we have broad packs. Now, a pack represents a group of creatives. The broad section of this simply means that we are targeting net new customers only without any other interest or restrictions in place. And the way that we do that is we set the ad name to broadpack number one. We scroll down to the audience section. We click exclude these custom audiences. And we search for our website visitors over the last 30 days, our add to carts over the last 90 days, and alltime purchasers. Now, I know some of this might be blurred out, but what you can see is I have add to cart 90, site visitors 30, and then purchase 180 days. These are the audiences that I am excluding. At this stage, we don't need any more refinements. Advantage plus is going to be on. That's no problem. And if you want more control, you can go ahead and click further limit the reach of your ads. Actually, define age groups, genders, and so on if necessary. For this, for the most part, we're comfortable using it just like so. We're keeping our placements completely open. You can see I've allowed 23 placements. I've excluded zero placements. And then within this pack, we are just uploading a round of creatives. So you should get creative consistently. It's one of the most important parts about everything that we do is we're constantly asking for new creatives from our clients and we always want to upload those creatives as consistently as possible. If you don't have the creative engine running on your side, you're not going to be able to scale your ads. There's no magic bullet. This all works together. Now, after you create your first broad pack, you're just creating more packs every time you get new creative. So you might start with pack number one. You may duplicate that pack when you get that next round of creative. Create pack number two. In time, you'll have multiple broad packs. The way that I like to organize these so I don't go crazy when I look at an ad account is I name them literally in order. Broad_pack 1 2 3 4 5 6 7. And then I also add a second underscore and actually drop the date. So if today was January 1st, I'd put 1 2026. This just allows me to see exactly when I launched this pack for the first time. Once we get beyond our broad packs, now we start interest group targeting. So to start this, we are going to create a brand new ad set. And for now, we're going to leave it as interest underscore. And we're going to get back to this at the end. We're setting up all our conversion events exactly the same way that we've set up in our broad packs. In our audience, this is very important. We are clicking further limit the reach of our ads. And we're selecting this third option, which says again, further limit the reach of your ads. Once you're here, you're going to see a couple of adjustments be made. You're going to add detailed targeting. You're going to add ages. in our detailed targeting section. This is where we're going to click in and this is where we're going to be able to set our interest group. Now, the most important part about setting your interest group is going to be right here. In this step, what everyone winds up doing is they take the interest group that they think applies the most to their business. But actually, we need to be one step removed from our business. And what I mean by that is we'll use an example for say Nike. If you are Nike, your gut is going to tell you when you go to this interest targeting to target all of your closest competitors. Maybe you put in Reebok, Adidas, go down the list, you name it. Maybe then you even try to go for some of the biggest athletes in the world like LeBron James, Michael Jordan. But setting interest groups that are so similar, nearly exactly similar to your brand will do nothing to expand your broad audience. What we need to do now is train this algorithm to go beyond the broad target that it's already hitting. So maybe you realize that people that buy your brand are willing to spend high amounts on luxury goods. And people that spend high amounts on luxury goods are also going to purchase other luxury goods. Now, for Nike's example, maybe targeting something like Range Rover or Land Cruiser could be a massive targeting opportunity that the algorithm would have never shifted to. Now, what Facebook is already nearly perfect at is this section right here. This section is easy for Facebook. Facebook knows that your brand operates in some cross-sections of interest groups and it takes the interest groups that are most similar to your brand and it already is targeting them. What we need to now do is we literally need to give it what's on the outskirts. And I'm not just talking about what's over here. I'm talking about we need to find the guys that are right on the line. We need to find the interest groups that are on the outskirts of the ven diagram that generally wouldn't have been targeted otherwise. So exactly what I mean by this is in this cross-section already exist things like Nike, Adidas, Reebok, soccer, sports, this all exist in this cross-section. We know this. But what doesn't exist in this cross-section as I mentioned before Range Rover does not exist in this cross-section. Luxury vehicles does not exist in this cross-section. Maybe hip-hop artists like Drake do not exist in this cross-section here. If you are a brand that is restricted by your broad audience, what is going to then happen? Nike and this very narrow broad audience is going to start to expand. The ven diagrams are going to start to overlap more. They're going to get closer and closer together. And then all of a sudden, your broad audience gets larger, meaning two things happen in your ads manager. This interest group that we're talking about right here, sure does well, drives a positive return on ad spend for you hopefully, but more importantly, it empowers the broad packs to do better and better and better. So, back to our detail targeting here. The way that we set this up is we select one single interest group. We don't select 10. We don't make a master bunch of a bunch of interest groups. All we do is we select one. So, I'm going to use Range Rover again for this example. And you can see right away my estimated audience size dropped from 180 million people to 10 to 12 million people. Sounds small, but imagine targeting 12 million people in one single interest group and you still have all of these broadpacks to support any additional scale. If Facebook for some reason can target all 12 million people, the rest of the budget will just go to the broad packs. Hopefully informing the broad packs that an audience like Range Rover is a valuable audience for this pixel to target. So the big question is what do you put in these interest groups when we create this interest group which is Range Rover? What ads do we actually decide go in here? This is actually a very easy exercise. All you do is you take your best performing ads from pack number one, pack number two, pack number 65 and you scale them into a new interest group. What this is going to do is it's going to give this interest group the best shot at success. And that's the most important thing. The purpose of the strategy is to make an interest group successful and also get your broad audiences to expand beyond their actually limited reach. And that needs to be done with your best performing creative so it has the best shot at actually being successful. Now you can see in the core system which I've gone through so many times. You are taking the top performing creatives and you are graduating them into the interest groups. This is such a critical part of the process because it's going to make all of these broad packs better and better over time. Now, if just one tidbit of this strategy was helpful, then I would highly, highly advise you go watch the full strategy where I break down this entire M3 system. It is so critical, especially as we start 2026. And if you've already watched it, then stay tuned because we have a ton coming here. And I will see you all in the next

  Top Comments:
  1. @NormaNiijima [1 likes]: Thank you for explaining everything so clearly. Everything is very clear. Like for the explanation.
  2. @Ellsworth-b8p [1 likes]: Really clever explanation and no unnecessary verbiage! Respect! + subscription
  3. @PatriciaieEtljudmila [1 likes]: You putting this up for free is actually clutch - praise to you
  4. @TreyBalistreri-m6k [1 likes]: Appreciate the non-fluff straightforward approach. Was a great review for me. Thank you!
  5. @diya.saxena588 [1 likes]: This was super practical and clear! 🔥 I learned actionable tips I can start using right away   thank you for the valuable insights! 🙌💯
  6. @prathap6117 [1 likes]: I have a challenge for you.

When running cold audience Meta ads for an F&B brand (pub / nightlife events), what targeting layers do you prioritize today?

I understand the basic structure:Demographics + Interests + Behaviour.

But in practice:
- Which demographic filters actually move performance (job titles, income proxies, travel behaviour, device filters, etc.)?

- Do you still rely heavily on interest stacking, or are you seeing better results with broader audiences + strong creatives?

- For event-driven campaigns (sports screenings, live music nights), what audience structures are consistently working for you in 2025?

Would love to hear how advanced buyers are structuring their cold audiences now.
  7. @SamPiliero: 👉 Work with me and my team: go.themoonlighters.com/apply-l110
👉 Join my coaching program: go.themoonlighters.com/skool-l110
  8. @gillybrown7132: Hi please i need your support please
  9. @AllenBoolman-k3y: Appreciate the non-fluff straightforward approach. Was a great review for me. Thank you!
  10. @NourddineLaayali: Appreciate the non-fluff straightforward approach. Was a great review for me. Thank you!
  11. @SharonuiSeinna: You putting this up for free is actually clutch - praise to you
  12. @Frieda-s1y: Everything is clear. Brief and clear. No water. Thank you)
  13. @Rosalie-i3c: Everything is clear. Brief and clear. No water. Thank you)
  14. @sam-q8b4u: hi , i have few doubt in minds . please suggest me . 
1.) when ever we will use further reach of your ads section & choose Gender & age & deselect use as a suggestion  then Advantage+ audience is off . 
WE Provide our services to females only . so in that Case we have use further reach of your ads section & under gender we have to select only female & young age (20 to 45) . we can not use Broad targeting . 
2.) which type of campaign is best for luxury services ? ABO/CBO .
  15. @Edmundoeqiwojaqet963: No water, fast! Way to go.
  16. @Kris-r1t5w: Appreciate the non-fluff straightforward approach. Was a great review for me. Thank you!
  17. @veronikasbgdiary: does that work with lead campaign
  18. @MIG3010: You are comparing October 2024 vs October 2025. Its only one month of data. It would be nice to understand when did you do any changes.
  19. @manishgavali6644: Hi
Even after clicking further limit your ads reach
It is taking the interest group as a suggestion  ??
There is no box to uncheck like we do for age and gender?
  20. @JenniferSilvestri-g6j: Do you work for home service based businesses?

- Compliance Guide: How the 2026 Dark Pattern Regulations Affect Law Firms: Kind: captions Language: en Hello everyone and welcome to the next episode of Exclusive. As always, I'm your host Nancy and today I'm joined once again by Pete, our CEO and general guru. Hi Pete. >> Hey. >> And I'm also joined by Allison, our content director. Hi Alison. Nice to have you with us again today. >> Good morning everyone. Nice to see you. >> All right. Well, we've all asked our clients to send us the topics that they're most interested in discussing with us um on our podcast. So, this is one that we've had several requests for, especially in recent months. Um so, we're actually going to go a little more legal than we usually do. So, today we're going to be talking about things like disclaimers, GDRP, your CCPA, your policies for things like that, cookies, all of that. So, if none of those terms mean anything to you, don't worry. We're going to go and explain all of that. But if you do have some inkling about this is what those are and just don't know if it applies to you, this will be the episode for you to listen to. So hopefully this is a good educational experience for all of our audiences no matter what background you may have. >> All right. Um so uh although I am an attorney u a Florida one and Nancy is a North Carolina attorney, uh the information provided here is for educational purposes only. It does not constitute legal advice. No attorney client relationship is formed by this communication. Uh given the complexities of the California's regulatory landscape, I strongly recommend consulting with a California licensed attorney specializing in CCPA CPA compliance to address your specific legal needs. So, with that said, my attorney uh said to state that before we did this podcast, aka me. Um so, with the disclaimer out of the way, um we will get on with the show. >> We need as much red tape as ourselves as we do for anything else. So, let's dive right in. All right, let's talk about cookies. Yay! Yummy cookies. All right, everyone at Paper Street knows I'm a huge Crumble cookie fan, but instead we're going to get serious and we're going to talk about digital cookies. All right, Alison, could you break those down for our audience? Yeah, definitely. So, starting with cookies, we're talking about like clingy little digital breadcrumbs that follow you around the internet. So, from a legal standpoint, cookies, they're they're really no longer just like a tech thing, right? It's kind of like a household name, if you will. They're like a compliance concern. In California, cookie consent is now tied directly into the CCPA and the CP requirements. So that's the California Consumer Privacy Act and the California Privacy Rights Act respectively. So that means that if your website is collecting data through cookies, which almost every website is, you need to be transparent about it and get the proper consent to the people visiting your website. So, I think what surprises a lot of our lawyers is that you probably have cookies on your website even if you didn't like intentionally put them there. You know, um plugins like Google Analytics, um if you embed videos, chat tools, scheduling tools, um texting widgets, you know, that often are on the bottom of a lot of law firm websites, those are all forms of cookies that are on your website. >> So, it actually applies to three categories. So, if your firm hits any of these, you need to have a cookie policy. Um, so it's not just California firms, that's the big thing. So the first thing is revenue threshold. If you're a large firm and you're making over $26,625,000 a year, um, which has been adjusted up for inflation in 2026. Um, so a large firm, then the CCPA applies to you. Um, so that's the first thing. So pretty much midsize large law firms will probably hit this threshold and need to have a policy in place. Second is the data volume. Um, so companies that buy, receive, sell, share personal information of more than 50,000 California residents in a yearly basis. Um, that's been adjusted adjusted up to 100,000 in 2026. Um, if that's the case and you have over 100,000 uh, visitors, I'll go in more into that in a second. Um, that applies to you. Um, the third thing is a business model. This probably won't apply to most law firms, but if you're actually in the business of selling data, um, then it applies to you. So that's going after a lot of the data brokers. Um, this really matters because of small law firms. Um so sharing includes data uh to third parties um like meta Google as Allison talked about Google um analytics um overall 100,000 uh gets into about 275 visitors per day in California. So if you check your logs um check your logs in California, see if you have 275 visitors per day in California. If so, you need a cookie policy um and you need to have code added to your website. If you don't, then you're good. Um, but that's going to apply to a lot of law firms, even small law firms. Um, if they have a presence near California. Um, so if you're in some bordering states, then it may hit you. If you're in a large firm at a large state, even not doing any business in California, it still could hit you as well because 275 visitors isn't that many to be honest. >> So, so what this actually like looks like, right, when you're on your website, like let's start with like opt- out requests. So, if a user wants to opt out and that process, it needs to be like really functional. It needs to be easy to find. It can't be something that's like buried free clips deep. Regulators, they care like less about like what you say and actually like whether someone can exercise the right to like opt out of this thing. And so that ties directly into like the opt- out process itself. So a good test is like you know could a non-technical person like could your mother figure this out in under a minute? Like would your dad be able to you know quickly say no like I don't want to submit my cookies. Um you know if the answer like is no you're probably like creating friction. There's probably a better way that you could do that. Another big one is pre-checked boxes. That's like a relic of the past. You can't assume consent by like default anymore. So, you know, we we don't want to do any pre-checked boxes. Um, privacy policies. Uh, you know, most law firm websites launch with a privacy policy and those should not be seen as static documents, right? It's something that needs to be updated on a regular basis. Um, anytime you change anything, you know, major on your website that might apply to cookies or any sort of privacy issue, um, at a minimum, you know, set yourself a reminder to check in, you know, once a year or every six months to check in on the verbiage and update any of the contact information. And then finally, I'd say, you know, cookie like consent behavior matters more than people realize. So like closing a cookie banner isn't neutral anymore. In many cases, it means like it's being treated as opting out, but that's not necessarily the case. Like silence is not consent. If someone doesn't actively say like yes, then you really can't treat that as permission to track. So really, it's just a kind of like the theme across everything is like intent. >> Yeah, I think that's the biggest change in the law was the cookie consent banner uh update. Um, in the past, as a web developer myself, you know, basically you put up the banners, they pop up, they have a little X, and if someone clicks the X, um, we treated it as just kind of like they, you know, you basically had to actively, it depend on the website and the client. But if you click the no button, clearly that's no, don't track me. If you clicked yes, yeah, you can track me. If you click the X, what do you do with that? These days now, if you click the X or click outside and the pop-up goes away, you have to treat it as a no. Um, and that's the big change. So, you'll need to talk to your web developers and make sure that's the rule. Um, if you're using software, they probably already updated it. So, but make sure that's the rule going forward. >> Now, we've talked a lot about this because it's a California law. So, a lot of our listeners will be like, "Does this apply to me?" So, the big thing that you have to think about number one, first and foremost, is the number of visitors rule. So, if you are in California, you're a California law firm of business. Yes, you probably need this. That said, even if you're not in California, if you think there's a possibility that you have around 275 California website visitors per day, and if you do in fact have 275 or more California visitors per day, then this law definitely does impact you. Again, we're not giving you legal advice. You can check with your own attorneys about this. But that being said, it's a fair assumption that yes, indeed, if you have that many California visitors, you need to be wary of this policy. You need to be aware of this policy. You check your check in your logs. You need to decide on your cookie consent, your cookie popups, and things like that, and make sure that you have a new policy that reflects these changes that are being made to your site. >> Yeah, it's at the beginning of this year, California really significantly like expanded the scope of the attorney advertising roles. So, firms now can be basically sued over misleading or deceptive advertising under section, I'm going to read this off. It's section 6157.2 two of the business and professions code >> and it is a big shift. Um it's it's not just really about like bar discipline anymore. It kind of opens the door to you know like civil civil exposure. So your website claims, your landing pages, testimonials, you know your paid ads, everything needs to be kind of you know really looked from a much looked at through a much stricter lens you know based on on the new rules that would in effect in January. >> Yeah, it has covered websites in the past but landing pages are big now. Google ads um if you have landing pages on subdomains or anything like that's covering those paid search ads are going to be a big change paid social ads um sponsored post boosted post and then any any lead generation pretty much any advertising online um do you want to read off the law? >> Yeah. Yeah. I'm going to read exactly what it says here verbatim. So advertisement means any communication through any written, recorded or electronic means whether available to or directed generally to members of the public or a limited group of individuals that provides information concerning a lawyer or the lawyer services for the purpose of encouraging individuals to secure the services of the lawyer or their law firm. So electric medium means television, radio or computer networks. In short, it basically covers all attorney ads. Anything you are writing on you are piping into the computer needs to be, you know, looked at through this new lens. >> Yeah. And the biggest change to this um really comes down to, you know, obviously websites, landing pages, page search ads, all the things we went over previously. But the big change is you need to disclose a city, town, or county of at least one bonafide office location or address of record listed at the State Bar of California. Um, so you need to have an office address on these things. website, that's pretty easy. Put your office address on the website, that's a no-brainer. >> Um, landing pages, no-brainer. Paid search ads, it gets a little tougher. You know, you need to put that paid social ads, definitely getting tougher because you you're limited on character spaces, things like that. But you need to have these things. Um, so you need to have basically I'll I'll read this off as well. Um, an advertisement subject of the chapter shall contain the following information conspicuously displayed or intelligible if spoken. So the name of at least one bonafide u I'm sorry one lawyer licensed or practice law in California the law firm the certified lawyer referral service responsible for advertisement or the joint advertiser responsible for the advertising together of the name of the each lawyer or law firm. Um so again you need to disclose the city town or county of at least one bonafide office. And so that that that gets tougher. So you need to make sure you're doing that in California. Now that again this is only in California. Um but we have seen California be kind of like the model and then other states pick up on this. So, you know, other states will probably draft the legislation of this. I I would imagine they would. Um, so this is coming coming down the pipeline in other states, too. >> Just a quick segue here. When we say bonafide office, a lot of our attorneys are coming to us with virtual offices. What's the standpoint for that? >> So, the standpoint is from the law, law says it needs to be registered with the state of California. Um, I would check into the code a little bit more though and see. I'm sure they're going to issuing rules on this, but if you're in a virtual office only and that is your only office, you probably need to list it. If you're one firm that has, you know, 20 different offices, um, you're probably going to list your main office. I mean, because you just need to list one office in the state of California. And listing what some of the extra virtual ones, that's going to get you, you know, why list those when you can list the main one. >> To make it a little more actionable, like if we're talking about, you know, what that like bans kind of then from a content perspective, we're looking at like misleading success stories. So, you know, not cherry-picking outcomes that, you know, present like an exceptional result as typical. So, you know, thinking like to your your case studies, your testimonials, right? Your results pages. Um, second is guarantees and any language that promises results, some sort of certainty or a particular outcome is, you know, definitely squarely off limits. >> Third, um, fast cash or quick settlement claims. So, phrases like, you know, get paid fast or quick money, fast cash, um, instant settlements, anything like that's kind of like promisatory like that, we're going to stay away from. Um, spokespersons is also a concern. So, certain spokespersons are restricted unless they're properly disclosed. So, if someone isn't a real client or a real attorney, that needs to be made clear in a disclaimer. And, um, this one kind of surprises a lot of firms, but like paid awards, like the new law prohibits ads that reference awards or recognitions if they're essentially purchased. So, if an organization charges a fee, and we know there are a handful of them out there that do that for the award, um, or if you're, you know, you get the badge just simply because you're a member, it's not necessarily something that you can market as like a meaningful distinction. So, it's really just like honesty, right? Anything that sounds too good to be true, you we we want to stay away from. >> Yeah, I there there's going to be some suits on that, I have feeling. Um, I think it's going to be how the the process goes. So, if you win the award and then have to pay for the badge or pay for the, you know, the actual trophy and stuff like that, that happens in a lot of cases. Yeah. >> Um, I think those are going to be allowed. That's just my feeling. I don't have a thing. But if if you're buying the buying, you know, paying some >> company, >> you know, $100, $5,000, $10,000, whatever it is, and then they're per giving you a badge or making up an award. U, that's probably not going to be allowed anymore. So, be careful on that. That's an important distinction. That industry exists out there. So, >> it's very actually just prevalent for law firms too because uh actually I have this particular experience firsthand where lawyers of distinction is one where they'll tell you that you only can say you won the award if you pay. So, for example, they do reach out a lot. They sound very exciting because if you receive this award, you get to push it in the New York Times and things like that. So, even though it sounds really wonderful, it's actually something that's fully paid for. So, like I said, so just if you're in California particularly, if the award is something that's a little sticky, make sure that your staff who's in charge of these awards is not just blindly signing up for them and then posting them on the website. It requires some more careful consideration again of like what Pete said, are you paying for the badge, which is fine, like you paying for some little trophy that you could put in your office, or like I said, is it like the lawyers of distinction where you don't get the award unless you pay? So, just be mindful of that. And I know in Florida you can actually get a cursory opinion, like a summary opinion ahead of time on things. I'm not sure if that's the case in California, but I imagine they can do you can probably call them and say like, "This is what I'm planning on doing. Is this going to be allowed or not?" Um, that seems reasonable. So, >> always ask. >> We're lawyers. We tell our clients to have all the information. So, we're telling you guys, have all the information before you do this stuff. >> All right. So, again, it's getting serious. What does this mean? What does this matter about this new law in California? So, it can be quite a big deal if you do violate these laws in California. Um, because there is a $5,000 per violation minimum. Okay? So, there's a big penalty. There's going to be attorneys fees if this does come to light. That that that's going to be an issue. And what's going to happen is your consumers will have the right to sue the law firm for these violations. So, again, it's there's a lawsuit that could happen and you only have 72 hours to remove the ads or anything that could be potentially damaging. And the problem with that is it depends on who in your office is getting this information. So for example, if some sort of complaint like that just gets passed on to some legal assistant who may not know that this is a real thing, that this is a real law that you have to worry about, then you're you got 72 hours to and you run the risk of $5,000 of the violation fee, attorney's fees, all that. So this is a serious matter and it is worth thinking about. I mean, again, for some firms, $5,000 might be a drop in the bucket, but why should you have that attached to your name? It's not something that should really be concerned about. And you know, also the one thing that I want to mention too is if you are listening to us and you don't have anything to do with California, this actually something that happens a lot in your states that may not be a state law yet, but it is part of your state bar's ethical guidelines. For example, one of the big things that we come across in all the time is New Jersey where it's not a law. It doesn't have the state law like California does, but their state bar, the bar associations do not let you use certain terms. Like you can't say you're an expert in certain things and you could face fees, sanctions, and problems with the bar itself. So, I think now is a good time because this law popped up in California that other states may take whatever was a state bar rule in your state already and turn it into something that's more encompassing for you to be wary of. So, like I said, all all ears should be listening to these laws and evaluating if this law changes to my state tomorrow or does this connect to something in my state bars rules and guidelines and ethics. You should be paying attention. You should be listening and going back over everything to make sure that you don't leave yourself vulnerable to these kinds of not attacks, so to speak, but just penalties. You don't want to be penalized for something that you really truly didn't need to do. >> Yeah, definitely. save yourself a headache. And something that can help save yourself headache is the disclaimers. So, I know we kind of like touched on it a little earlier, but um you know, there's certain I think like right green flags that you want your disclaimer to do. So, first I would say like the anti-advice clause. So, I know this is going to sound really obvious to the lawyers listening, right? but not maybe so much to the average Junor Joe. But your law firm website, the disclaimer at the bottom of your website needs to clearly state that simply browsing the site is not creating an attorney client relationship, right? Nor is submitting a contact form. Um, and so that kind of goes into like transmission risks with the contact form. They're so common. They're so convenient, right? Forms, almost every website we build at Paper Street has a contact form, but they're not automatically confidential in, I don't know, some a way that someone who's maybe not so techy might assume. So until there's like some signed agreement between you and said client, the communication via contact form doesn't kind of create the same protections that a lot of people might assume they have whenever they're talking to a lawyer because that's kind of the way we picture it and you know we read about it in books. So it's important to remind visitors in your disclaimer not to submit sensitive details through the general inquiry form, right? That that's not necessarily confidential. Um, and then like Nancy mentioned, you know, we have bar rules and spec, you know, special specials based on like what state you're in. So, um, you know, we mentioned expert and specialist. Those are really common ones. We actually just don't even use those words at Paper Street um because they're kind of really common throughout the country, you know, being um, you know, preferred not to use. So, those small details, while they seem minor, you know, they're a really easy thing for the ethics board to like, you know, comment on and pull out right away. and like Nancy said, you know, cause yourself a complaint and and and a lot of headache. So, if you give your disclaimer a little bit of love once a year, 6 months, set a reminder for yourself and that can really probably help you avoid some of these issues. Yeah. And for everybody listening to, you know, a lot of times people are very quick to bury the disclaimer. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I have it somewhere. It's on my site. Yeah. Still find it. You know, but you have to kind of have like what Peta said earlier, have your grandparent try to find it, your parent try to find it, have your spouse try to find it. you know, if something even though you as a lawyer like, "Yeah, it's here. Everybody can see it. It's fine." You know, they may not be able to find it. So, make sure that it's in a reasonable place that you know, other people can see and that it's very prominent and clear there so that you're not dinged where someone says, "Well, I have a disclaimer on my site. What happened?" Well, it was too hard to see. We couldn't see where it should go or things like that. So, again, you know, make sure that it's it's there. It's friendly to everyone to understand. it's visible, things like that. And just, you know, as another little tip kind of thing, we are going to be putting on the Paper Street website uh like a sample disclaimer and sample privacy policy template on our website. So, check us out at paperstreet.com um to get some ideas for how you can formulate your own. Again, this is not legal advice. We're not telling you to do everything completely. You still should check with your own in-house counsel and tech people, but at least we can help you formulate what needs to be said, what it looks like. And we also also can uh if you contact paperstraight.com, we can also make some suggestions for the cookie plugins that are out there. Um there are some that we've found that are tried and true that we actually recommend um more so than others. Um so that is always a good option, too. Again, you need that legal assistance to make sure you're doing all the right rules, but then once you know you're doing that, those tools can make your life a lot easier. a successful web development company who knows where to put these disclaimers and things like that. Make sure you make use of all the tools that are available to you so that you don't run a foul with this kind of law and policies. >> Yeah, there are two blog posts. One's already on our website about the CCPA and CPA um that I wrote previously and then there's a new one coming out about cookies and a list of like 10 or so vendors that that help out with cookie policies that have software um that's easier to create than a web developer. So, um let's talk about security tips real quickly. Um so uh we have three tips basically. Um each of us will provide one. Um the first one I don't have is a security handshake. Um at this stage almost all websites I'd say 98 99% of websites out there have an SSL certificate. Sounds fancy. Actually it technically is a TLS um certificate but um everyone calls them SSLs. And so what what that does is just encrypt the data. So when you're contacting the website and they're sending information back and forth, the data is encrypted. So that's where you see the nice little HTTPS. Sometimes a gold lock box, sometimes a little secure key, depends on what browser you're in. Um, and those are renewed. Um, we use Let's Encrypt. It's free. It renews every 30 or sorry, every 90 days. Um, other people use certificates that are wild cards and they're really detailed and they they can do all for all different domain names and subdomain names and and various things. But talk to your web developer. It every website this state should come with one. Um, so that's just kind of standard. I'll actually interject and say it's not as standard as you might think for our older client or clients that have older websites because unfortunately a lot of our clients haven't updated their websites. Not just our client law attorneys in general like oh they updated like 10 years ago or something like that and they forgot hey wait I never actually listened to paper street without adding an SSL or something like that. So you need to make sure that you still have an SSL. If you have an old website you need to pay attention to make sure that you do have one because unfortunately we'll get that panicked message too late like oh wait I didn't realize I don't have an SSL. So, some clients can't see my site. What do I need to do? What do I need to do? And we can fix it very quickly, which is good. But like I said, you need to stay on top of these things. You need to kind of keep your ear to the ground when it comes to these sort of security issues and things like that, you know. And the same thing is true of ADA compliance. Um, which kind of goes in handinhand with all this because we're talking about what leaves our firms and our clients vulnerable to lawsuits, sanctions, penalties, things like that. It's true of ADA compliance, too. You know, a lot of our clients will be like, "Oh, yeah. Yeah, when our website launched, we got confirmation it was ADA compliant. Yes, of course it is. But unfortunately, ADA guidelines change. You know, in two years, something major may have changed or even it might be something minor. So, if something like impacting keyword accessibility or keyboard scanning of a website changes, a lot of times that'll be in the news because it's a big technology change. But what people don't realize is maybe it's a contrast issue. Maybe blue and yellow are no longer able to be used for ADA compliance and things like that. So your score does go down over time just because those guidelines are always changing as well. So again, it's always a good idea like Allison was saying about checking in about certain things every couple years. Make sure your ADA compliance guidelines are checked as well. And if you don't know what those are or what you should be doing, make sure again that you have a web development team that actually can run those scans for you, give you the information about what you need. Again, it's just it's too important to ignore or just assume that I did it 12 years ago or I did it 7 years ago. It's great. No, you can't make that assumption. >> Your website likely has a contact form. It might even have like an intake form or maybe a fancy form to download some sort of PDF or, you know, something specific to, you know, your law firm. Um, and an easy security tip is just to consider how long you're holding on to those submissions for, right? So, a lot of firms and even like as a marketing person, right, we love that data. Um, but you can hang on to that submission indefinitely or for really long periods of time just in case for a rainy day. You might need it someday, but the more data you keep and the longer you keep it, the more exposure you have if there's ever like a breach or an audit. So really, you should only be collecting the data you need, right? Don't ask extra questions just for the sake of asking questions and only keep it for as long as you actually need it. Once that person's a client, we don't need that data anymore. You know, we can, you know, we can delete it and we don't need to store it. It's an easy an easy security tip. Like everything else, you know, the world is changing constantly. And one of thing is your website is not to use analogy like our vice president Alex loves to use, but we're going to use one here too. Your website is not a crockot. You can't set it and forget it. You need to treat it like a frying pan where if you constantly don't monitor it and take care of it and nourish it, you don't want to end up with burned food. And in that kind of case, you don't want to get burned because you let your site go too long without doing some sort of security check. Sorry for bad legal humor, but you know, we're trying to make this podcast as intellig enter entertaining as possible when we're digging into some heavier legal topics here. But again, very seriously, keep an eye on your website. Think about an audit checklist that you should be keeping in mind. Again, this is just something that you should be doing and then have your IT team or your in-house counsel or whomever look at these things further. Check your footer links. Make sure they work. If that's where your disclaimers are, can they actually open? Do they actually have the information that they need to have? If you're in California, reread those disclaimers. Make sure it has the right addresses and attorneys. Make sure your cookie banner is there. Again, whether or not you do qualify for the California law, maybe it's good to just put these practices in motion. Now, again, check that cookie banner. Make sure it's actually getting a consent. Things like that. You know, again, like I said, we do have blogs blogs on these topics where we kind of break it down a little bit more. We have those disclaimer templates that you can review, things like that. Just check head on over to paperstreet.com, check out our resources section and make sure that you can get some idea and right from there you can always touch base with us or even if you don't have a paper street website, we're happy to help with like ADA compliance audits, things like that. All right, guys. Again, this was a very heavier legal topic than we're used to. Hopefully, it didn't feel like you were revisiting a law school classroom. But like I said, we're this compliance, all this security thing. It doesn't have to be a headache. You know, it's just we're really telling your clients, we're professionals and your data is safe with us. And for an attorney, that's probably the most important ma information that you could be telling your client. Aside from I'm here to help. Alison, Pete, thanks for joining me today. Everyone, thanks for listening. We'll catch you on the next episode of Exclusive. Bye, everybody.

- What the 2026 Netflix Privacy Lawsuit Means for Big Tech Regulation: Kind: captions Language: en [music] >> At the intersection of business and intelligence, this is Signal Daily News. Here is the executive briefing you need to stay ahead that you've probably seen the headlines about Netflix's legal troubles. But the real story is a privacy landmine. Texas AG Ken Paxton just sued Netflix. He alleges they secretly sold user data, including children's. This isn't just a fine. This is an existential threat to Netflix's entire data-driven model. Think about it. Netflix's personalization engine is its crown jewel. It recommends shows, keeps you hooked, and drives engagement. But that engine runs on your data. If the lawsuit sticks, Netflix can't use that data the same way. Competitors with weaker data collection, they could actually gain market share here. It's a weird twist. For context, this lawsuit exposes hidden revenue. Netflix may have been selling data on the side. If that's true, they'll need to pivot hard to a subscription-only model. That hurts profitability. We're tracking a potential 15% margin squeeze if this goes south. So, what are the second-order effects here? State-level privacy enforcement is accelerating. Texas isn't waiting for federal rules. Companies must prepare for a fragmented regulatory landscape. Once state says yes, another says no. It's a compliance nightmare. And here's a wild ripple. Autoplay features across streaming platforms could become regulatory targets. If data collection is under fire, autoplay's data-hungry nature gets scrutinized. That forces UX changes. Less autoplay means less engagement. Less engagement means lower ad revenue. It's a domino effect that if you're an executive or investor, here's your move. Audit your data sales. Immediately, assume every state is watching. And for streaming platforms, prepare for a world where personalization is limited. The game is changing. That concludes today's briefing. For the full report, catch us at signaldaily.news. Stay informed and stay ahead.

- The Ongoing Evolution and Impact of Data Privacy Laws: Kind: captions Language: en Let's start off at looking at how privacy laws keep evolving and keep making things more difficult for us in the in the marketing world and in the analytics world. It started of course with the GDPR, the General Data Protection Regulation in the in the EU, which took effect in 2018 and has spread to other countries like Brazil and cities like Quebec. California came in with a CCPA in 2020. That's been revised to the California Privacy Rights Act, the CPRA. And global data privacy laws and compliance have continued to evolve and 20 states in the US have implemented data privacy laws of one sort or another and you can see on this map there are many that are considering it. I I think it's it'll be a long time before the US gets to kind of a general countrywide privacy like we have with the GDPR. We're going to have to deal with individual variations that different states put up led by of course California which started started this. It's not just the states that are changing though. It's not just the laws that are changing, the vendors are requiring more. And the first example of a vendor that required more was consent mode V2, which is now about almost two and a half years old. In consent mode V2 in V1, if if somebody rejected cookies, theoretically, if it was implemented well, there would be no traffic going to Google, either to Google Ads or Google Analytics. So, consent mode V2 started something called cookieless pings, which is used for behavioral modeling, i.e. sessions, page views, and conversion. And basically, it's saying in that advanced mode, if somebody rejects cookies, we are still going to send some traffic information to Google Analytics or Google Ads, but it we're not identifying the person, we're not keeping the session information, we're not keeping the client ID, we're just going to use it for behavioral modeling. It was Google's attempt to give you a little bit more information about the people who rejected the the cookies. More importantly, Google requires a default consent status to be set up. What they want is that when someone arrives on the website, they want everything to be set to denied by default. Ads would be denied by default, analytics would be denied by by default. This is crucial for Google for you to send that that signal to Google that you have actually set up a default consent status of denied.

- How U.S. Privacy Law Changes Could Impact Your Career in 2026 | What Professionals Must Know: Kind: captions Language: en You should be looking at organizations that are looking to either build a privacy team or grow the privacy team that they already have to try and meet the demands from these new privacy legislations. Hello and welcome back to privacy professional training. My name is Fi. Today's video we're going to be looking at changes to the privacy laws in the United States and how they might impact your privacy career. So without further ado, let's talk a little bit about a landscape. So over the last couple years, there have been a number of states that have enacted their own privacy legislation. 2025 was no different. Earlier in the year, a number of different states enacted their own state privacy legislation to include Delaware, Iowa, Nebraska, New Hampshire, and New Jersey. So just in one year over five states have already enacted their own data protection regulation for their state. In addition to that midy year Minnesota and Tennessee laws have kicked in in July. We're now in September. So there have been seven states in just one year that have enacted their own data protection laws, which means that there are new obligations on corporations. And when there are new obligations on corporations, they're generally looking for expertise in the privacy space to be able to one, understand what the new laws are, two, be able to implement and integrate those into the current systems that they have, and three, look at any new obligations that they might have and find out how best to comply with those new obligations. So, how this impacts your career. If you're already working in these states, you might see that there is a influx of jobs for corporations that now meet the threshold in those states. Now, let me give you a little bit of insight. Every state law in the United States has a threshold. I'll give you an example. Some states say that our privacy legislation is going to apply if your company processes the personal data of 35,000 residents. Sometimes it will say something like if you process the personal data of 10,000 residents but 20% of your business's revenue came from the sale of personal data then you must comply with this regulation. So it's not going to be all businesses that are required to comply with the data protection law. It depends on the state's threshold. Now, what I do want to say is if the company is headquartered in New Jersey and doesn't meet the threshold in New Jersey but meets the threshold in Iowa, they'll still need to comply with the data protection law in Iowa because the threshold might be lower or higher depending on how much personal data the corporation is processing in that state. Do you understand? So, the corporation is headquartered in New Jersey. They don't meet the threshold for the New Jersey privacy law, but they do meet it in Iowa. So, they're going to need a privacy professional to assist them to comply with the Iowa privacy law. And as of now, we have 21 states with their own state privacy laws. Now, that doesn't even look at the federal privacy laws. That doesn't look at the nuances in sectors. That's just state. how this impacts your career. You should be looking at organizations that are looking to either build a privacy team or grow the privacy team that they already have to try and meet the demands from these new privacy legislations. In addition to this, Maryland is coming out with its own data protection law in October. So, this is also going to mean that there's going to be an influx of need for corporations in Maryland who now meet the Maryland threshold. So you're not just looking at this from a state perspective. You're looking at this from a nationwide perspective. And companies are responsible for determining whether or not they meet the threshold in each particular state. Specifically in Tennessee, they have recently enacted a robust social media verification age law protecting kids from social media act. So if you are a data privacy professional who specializes in copper which is a privacy legislation on the federal level that enforces how children's data can be processed by companies nationwide then you should be aware that there are nuances to the Tennessee law that are also going to require companies that process the personal data of children. There's going to be new obligations on them in that respect and that's specific to Tennessee. Now, what this translates to from a career perspective for a privacy professional is that there's going to be more demand for privacy professionals who specialize in miners digital privacy rights. So, that's something to take consideration of. And I talk about this in other videos, but basically your privacy career is up to you. There's so many different facets of privacy that you can choose to base your career on. You don't have to focus on privacy at the federal level. look at it from a state level exclusively or you can look at it from a sector perspective exclusively especially with the changes that have happened just in 2025. Now let's talk about privacy from a federal perspective. The privacy act modernization act of 2025 was introduced to update the decades old privacy act expanding individual rights and modernizing definitions of personal data. Now, even though this act is still pending, it signals the potential for future privacy laws to impact companies on a federal level because in the US right now the laws are fragmented. So, companies are able to meet the obligations in a very hodgepodge kind of way. And if there is federal legislation that binds all organizations, it's going to streamline the process of a privacy program in the United States as opposed to the pick and choose attitude that some companies have implemented due to the fragmented nature of privacy in the US. Now, what does this mean for your career? It means that there's going to be an influx of jobs in the data protection space. It means that you can capitalize on taking certifications now for when privacy continues to grow on a state level and at a federal level. It means that you can continue growing your skills by learning what the nuances in the new state privacy laws and you can market yourself in these states and or industries if that would be your preference. It means that you can charge higher rates because you can hone in on the specific industry that you want to be in and you can be the subject matter expert in that industry. So, there's a lot of opportunities for privacy professionals in 2025. I'm planning to do the same video at the end of the year and take a look at what's down the pipeline for 2026. I really hope you enjoyed this video. If you have any comments about changes in the privacy laws in 2025 or about anything I've mentioned in the video, leave a comment below and I will definitely respond. I'll see you in another video.

- How Google And Facebook Invade Your Privacy To Sell Ads: Kind: captions Language: en so Deena let's just talk about the importance of of digital advertising I don't know if people really fully grasp how big a part of our economy it is but how important it is in many respects to the social fabric in a way that I think might surprise people sure you know digital advertising is an incredibly important industry because it's how our news industry and our content producers are largely able to offer content online to consumers for free or at low cost so you know we want to make sure that that industry is functioning properly so that more and more content producers and news journalists can offer content for free at a low cost and in terms of how large it is you know the two largest players in the digital advertising industry are Google and Facebook Google makes over a hundred billion dollars a year selling digital advertising and Facebook makes over fifty billion a year selling digital advertising and digital advertising is the primary revenue source for almost the entirety of our news industry in America and it we should also say that when we talk about Google and we talk about Facebook we are talking about ultimately digital advertising selling companies I mean Google gets 86 percent of their revenue as you write Facebook almost entirely 99% so that's what these that's the business they're in ultimately that's correct yeah it's really important to remember that because when we think of Google we might think of search or we might think of other Google search Google products we think of Facebook we think of this free social network but actually almost the entirety of their revenues comes from selling one you know very narrow product and that's digital advertising and when we talk about the growth in this market this was fascinating you wrote that the online ad market as a whole is growing expected year-over-year growth is 20% which is that's big that's a mean that's that's a pretty steep curve but outside of Google and Facebook and a couple others the rest of the market which includes thousands of thousands independent news publishers will shrink by 11% so the to the extent that the the revenues and the size of this market is growing it really isn't it's it's really just Facebook and Google that is growing that's right okay so you write that it's super important for us to understand this dynamic and why why does knowing how digital advertising is sold why is that important in our understanding of these companies relative to the question of antitrust well the company is currently are under investigation either by US Congress the Federal Trade Commission or the Department of Justice for violations of antitrust laws and we're going to need to regulators are going to need to and the press is going to need to start covering these topics and deeper fashion to get to the the heart of what the competition issues are in the industry but as we do that we'll also notice a couple of other intersections with other conversations we're having nationally and and one of those is the intersection with with with how consumers are demanding more privacy right so we're considering federal privacy legislation for consumers were passing at the state level various state laws that protect consumers privacy online and when I say protect consumers privacy online I'm really referring to one narrow thing which is consumers desire to stop being tracked right so back in the early 2000s we should get lots of telemarketing calls at home we passed federal legislation we allowed consumers to opt out of that nonsense and we were reverted sort of time and peace in the household back to Americans and we have a similar structural problem right now where you have these online advertising companies that are tracking you not just on their own site like Facebook is not just tracking you on Facebook calm and on the Facebook app but actually it's tracking you and recording your behavior on millions and millions and millions of independent sites and apps that have nothing to do with Facebook and this feels very invasive from just a surveillance perspective right and so consumers are increasingly demanding the right to opt out of this privacy intrusion and the the the reason why the companies do this and what they are doing is part of the antitrust conversation at the same time and well I want to talk about that that that link in just a second but if I don't care about the tracking like you know like I don't care if Facebook knows that I want to get a new couch or something like that there's still another whole set of issues from an antitrust perspective and how it impacts me as both a consumer and as a a citizen and in a multitude of ways but let's let's address that that question of like how does the privacy how is that implicated by the antitrust question sure so we can answer this question and from two different perspectives from the consumers perspective whenever you have a company that has a lot of market power in the market they might they might take advantage of that power by increasing price or decreasing quality and those two concepts are really flip sides of the same coin now in facebook and Google's case the price is free and that has stayed constant but the the level and the amount of surveillance that they are conducting on you as a condition for using their services is continuing to increase and has progressively increased drastically over time now you may not mind it but that's really a question that you know for example it gets litigated because even when you have the prices of products increase in a market you're always going to have some people say well I don't really mind that the price went up because they kind of tweaked the color and I like this color better right so it's a fact question that can still get litigated and is not a moot issue just because a subset of the population doesn't mind it and the reason why I mention that is because we do notice some interesting trends nationally we see a huge uptick in the number of consumers that are adopting privacy based browsers that stop tracking we see or try to stop tracking we see a huge uptick in the number of users that are adopting ad blockers and script blockers because they're trying to escape this tracking so we have a lot of empirical evidence that suggests that many American consumers and a large chunk of American consumers don't like this but they really just don't have any other choice right now but even if you don't care about that from that perspective you might still care about the price that you're paying for a new york time subscription or wall street journal subscription or whether you can read your local new site locally for free or whether they're even still in business right so whether you even have access to local news because we also have a problem nationally with a decline of the sustainability of independent and local news journalism and the market needs to work for them too so that you as a consumer can access their services at low cost and this might get kind of confusing well we'd like it before we get to this part let's let's take a quick break here and we will stop here at the with the premise that the lack of privacy that we are subject to at the hands of Google and Facebook is not just a question of privacy I may be perfectly comfortable with Google and Facebook knowing what kind of dog food I want to buy or whether I'm in the market for a couch but the problem is it fundamentally undercuts a whole host of other services that I may want in the future and makes them less viable we will explain that when we return I'm Sam cedar this will bring a fire radio we'll be right back after this

  Top Comments:
  1. @AkataTribune [9 likes]: Why can't we just seize the internet and make it the actually good by returning it to its decentralized, horizontal beginning.
  2. @jamesagwe2981 [7 likes]: When ever I talk about a show or a video an ad pops up
  3. @Dryltd [5 likes]: These websites don't invade your privacy. You don't read the terms. You agree to all kinds of things for the illusion of FREE. Nothing is free in this world. Even things listed as free. Strange but true!
  4. @forbiddenfruitbasket9112 [3 likes]: That's why I left Facebook years ago and I have no account anywhere with my real name.
  5. @americanbot5711 [3 likes]: FB is stolen ip so not too surprising that Zuck is weezle in business. Imo
  6. @zid9611 [2 likes]: 🤨Ya ads are important... that why I use 3 different ads blocks and a script killer. And change my vpn ever few days. 🖕all ads
  7. @taliaclaymore3657 [2 likes]: Dina Srinivasan is an ex-WPP (the world's largest ad agency) executive, and is now an entrepreneur who builds digital advertising technologies.

Are we really to believe she is really the best spokesperson to speak about the evils of digital advertising?
  8. @corod-1 [1 likes]: Read your user agreements lol...
  9. @cooterbrown102: If your phone is held hostage till you agree, would that constitute durress?
  10. @cathywoodward255: They need to be held accountable for everything they do they don't only sell your information they steal from you the Samsung lady got into my personal bank just think about what google and Facebook and the rest of social media is stealing from you filing life insurance on loved ones and getting your money from fdic they are stealing everyone's data and everytime you mention a death in your family or disaster in your life like losing your home and bank accounts and 401k retirement they are there to steal it and put it in bank's online banking that they funnel it in and send it overseas some people don't know this but take a look back and wonder if you should have got any of this yes you should have where it is now Google Facebook and the other social media paypal i have snapshots they spayed something on them trying to get rid of the evidence but they failed please if anyone knows this happened to them come forward
Thank you cathy Woodward
  11. @hereiswisdomfinding6664: I don't believe Mark Suckerberg created facebook, similiar to some not believing that JKR wrote Harry Potter!
  12. @atrociousconsequences4432: Can easily avoid Zuckie and his ugly face, but don't know how to avoid Google.
  13. @TheDeeLarkin: Hey, Dina 🙋🏽‍♀️
  14. @jimsummers9704: I am so puzzled about digital advertising....I have been a regular user of social media for about 15 years and have NEVER watched one full ad online , NEVER clicked on one ad, and NEVER ordered one thing online....
  15. @jerryb4705: .............Wait are you telling me that Google knows I like BIG FUN BAGS?....
  16. @veganize: Damn dude, this video has so few views; YouTube is fucking with you big time.
  17. @jeffbartolini773: Computers/internet/AI/facial rec, etc is the end of democracy and the era of Corporatization. Our allegiance will be to google or.....they'll make the koch bros  seem tame in comparison.
  18. @markenger2792: they need to find out what we want so they can raise the prices. FREEDOM!!!!!!!
  19. @Baffi_: Are you going to comment at all on the recent discoveries by David Pakman, and other sources who have broken down the back end analytics of YouTube and exposed their censorship of independent news sources??
You can’t keep denying they are targeting independent media anymore. Their algorithms aren’t blind, they clearly target specific genres of content deemed troublesome by the corporations that buy advertising. 
And now as election season draws near, they are doing more to silence and hide independent news sources, on both sides of the political spectrum
  20. @bobbasic: Pi-hole

- The Future of Facebook Ads (Do This Before 2026): Kind: captions Language: en Meta has shut down certain detailed targeting audiences. They've completely ripped apart attribution. The entire platform has changed drastically in the last year. And as a result, some advertisers are seeing CPMs spike. They're seeing return on ad spends drop, cost per acquisition go in the wrong direction, and overall, Facebook has never been more challenging than it is today. And the craziest part is that this is just the beginning. There are countless changes that you're likely not even aware of. And the advertisers that figure out how to navigate these changes best are going to completely dominate the market while others are going to be priced out. Now, I've been tracking some major shifts happening right now that are completely reshaping Facebook advertising as we know it. If you want to profitably run Facebook ads in 2026, then what I'm about to share could potentially save you tens, if not hundreds, of thousands of dollars [music] in wasted ad spend. If you're wondering why you should listen to me, I've been running Facebook ads for the greater part of 11 years. I've worked at VaynerMedia, BarkBox, and now I run The Moon Liters where we work with nearly 100 brands right now across all different verticals, spending anywhere from $10,000 a month all the way up to multiple hundreds of thousands of dollars per month. So, to help you prepare for the future, I put together a list of my three most pillar tent [music] poles that you need to nail in 2026 to scale profitably. I'll break down what these changes actually mean, the exact systems that you can follow and copy into your business so that you can implement them for 2026. And it doesn't matter if you're spending $10 a day, $100 a day, $1,000 a day, or $20,000 a day. These are core principles, the same things that we use at The Moon Liters for our clients, no matter the size of the brand. The first major shift is one that is real. This is not observation. This is a shift that has happened. The old algorithm is now the new Andromeda algorithm. What we need to understand here is what is this shift? Why is it so important? And how are we adapting to it with structure first. So, first off, the Andromeda algorithm has been a shift from audience to creative targeting. Now, what this very simply means is in the old algorithm, you would choose your audience, whether it's broad, interest, lookalikes, whatever, and the creatives you push into that ad set get targeted from that interest group. This has now flipped. Instead of an interest or a broad target deciding who the ads are going to be shown to, that has completely reversed. We now have a situation where whatever ads are within your ad set define the targeting on an individual level. This means that, yes, you could have completely different ads in the same ad set that target two very different people. It also means that you could have multiple ad sets in the same campaign targeting completely different people, even if the targeting, the interest group, or the broad is 100% the same. Now, I don't want to get too conceptual on this, but what this means is that your creative concepts matter more than ever. And the structure that we actually like to deploy to solve for Andromeda that we've proven out across 80-plus accounts at this point is one of with swim lanes. Now, swim lanes are a very simple philosophy that we need to separate prospecting, retargeting, and retention. So, the important part about swim lanes is that you as the advertiser actually know where you're spending your money. One of the biggest flaws that we see with Facebook is that it overspends on engage and existing customers. It's fine to spend a lot of money on engage. It's fine to spend a lot of money on existing customers. But what I don't like is when advertisers or brands that we work with think that they're spending money on prospects. They think they're spending money on new customers when in reality, they're actually spending a boatload of that cash on existing and engage, which they believe they're targeting in other places like email, SMS, and other retargeting methods. What we like to do is make sure that our swim lanes are clearly defined. Our first swim lane is prospecting. This is generally a CBO prospecting campaign mixed with a boatload of ad sets. Those could be a combination of broad and interest groups, even lookalikes if you'd like to give them a shot. The important part is that we're grouping a lot together in one campaign, and we are creating a hyper-competitive environment. I want to actually say that twice. A hyper-competitive environment is one of the most important things that you could have in a Facebook ads account because you're actually giving the algorithm some power to decide where to spend your money. Now, this is very, very different than a one campaign method or just throwing everything into one ad set because you could actually define minimum, maximum budgets and even put exclusions on things at the ad set level within your prospecting campaigns. That's the control, that's the levers that we like to have on our side without just giving all the power to Facebook. The second and third swim lanes are retargeting and retention. Retargeting is anyone who's visited your site and anyone who's engaged with your business. They know about you, very simple. Retention, on the other hand, is anyone who's purchased. This isn't someone who's added to cart. This isn't someone who almost purchased. They've handed you money. That is a very big difference between retargeting and retention. We want to make sure we're treating each of these buckets separately, we're dedicating our budget accordingly, and even in some cases curating the creative to each of these buckets. But most of the time, it's okay to have the same creatives in each with a big testing environment in our prospecting CBO. And you might ask, why? Why does this fix Andromeda? Why does this fix the issue that everyone seems to have in the back of their mind? It's actually quite simple. It starts in the prospecting CBO campaign. The prospecting CBO campaign now has the capability to spend its cash wherever it wants, meaning your audiences can individually be targeted per creative. So, think about it like this. If you separated all of your ad sets or all of your creative concepts into different campaigns, then you're controlling the budget. $200 here, $200 here, $200 here. But grouping these together, what it actually does is it allows you to still see very clearly with organized ad sets, set minimums and maximum budgets if you need, and with your total budget, so 200, 200, 200 equaling 600 on a total CBO budget, Facebook will distribute wherever the cash is best spent. And I know one issue that a lot of people have is that certain creatives don't get any spend. I'm here to tell you this is a feature, not a bug, most of the time. Not all the time. Most of the time, Facebook is saving you cash by doing this. So, what I would advise, if you really feel like there's an ad that you've put a lot of time or effort into, set a minimum budget, make sure it gets $25, $50 a day, let it ramp up a little bit. If it doesn't work after 7 days, kill that minimum budget. Okay, so our structures are complete. The second shift that I have seen and that basically everyone has seen because it actually happened. This is not theoretical. The second shift that has happened in Facebook ads in the last year is massive changes to attribution and measurement. We all remember when the conversions API came out. We all remember iOS 14.5, the doom days of Facebook. But things have changed a lot. We've seen interest targeting be removed. We've seen adjustments to how and who we can target, who we can exclude, who we can add. We saw an era of Advantage Plus sales campaigns. But now, targeting and really all the features are kind of coming back to us, which is a good thing. it comes to measurement, this is one of the places where we need to be accurate. And that accuracy has improved drastically with the introduction of incremental attribution. Now, I want to challenge all of these third-party attribution softwares because they do have their place, but I think people get too excited about them when we actually have the best tool natively built into Facebook. Think about it like this. Hyros, Triple Whale, and all third-party attribution platforms have only access to certain amounts of data. Imagine Facebook only had click-based data. The only signal that we were able to optimize on and the only algorithm input was click-based purchases. If that was the case and there was a third-party platform that came out that had the ability to see view purchases, click purchases, incremental purchases, and every engagement, every search, every like, favorite, comment, share that you've ever done over all time on your social platforms, I think everyone would pay boatloads of money for that third-party platform. And that is exactly what Meta is capable of doing with its standard attribution. It sounds so boring because it's built in, and there's fancy tools with great marketing slogans that actually sell us into programs that don't do as much as the actual Facebook tracking. And I don't want to discredit these tools because there are some use cases where they're great. But when it comes to measurement, the best measurement is Meta's measurement. They care so much about it. I was at a Facebook conference just a few months ago where they were breaking down their improvements to the measurement. They were breaking down every little, tiny detail you'd imagine. It felt like patch notes in a video game. And I think this single thing, attribution and measurement, is the key difference between why Facebook and Instagram are so much better at advertising than other platforms like TikTok and Snapchat. So, all this said, the shift and the application that I am prescribing here is to use more incremental attribution on your ads. There's actually two things I would advise to most businesses. Most businesses should generally run 7-day click, 1-day view. However, you should be optimizing your ads on incremental attribution. These are conversions that happened because of Facebook, not Facebook slipping in at the last second to get that conversion and take credit. And the second thing that I would advise basically every single business, what we do at The Moon Liters here with every single business, is we always measure back to our actual Shopify or e-commerce store results. So, just because Facebook says you got a 5x return on ad spend and drove this many new customers, doesn't mean it's always true. Their measurement isn't perfect, although I do think it is the best of. I think that generally speaking, you always want to measure back to what you're seeing in Shopify. What we like to do on our side is we like to show our total spend, total new customers, total revenue. That gets us blended ROI metrics, not ROAS, but return on investment total for the business, MER or marketing efficiency ratio, and then finally, NCPA or new customer cost per acquisition. These are all really good metrics to just keep a pulse on, and we always like to measure back to one king goal. Your king goal, the most important goal you have, is one goal that overrides all other goals. This is your business health goal, and I think every single brand out there should have a king goal. Back in my day at BarkBox, we used to say CAC or cost per acquisition is king. The only thing we cared about was hitting our cost per acquisition goal, and whatever that goal was on any given month, as long as we achieved that goal, everyone was happy. Now, if we scaled, excellent, we're good. And if we came down, okay, as long as we're under that cost per acquisition target. That is the philosophy that I have personally now applied to hundreds of businesses that we work with at The Moon Liters across my team. And the third shift that I have seen, which actually ties very well into one and two here, is a creative shift. I've never seen more of a push by Facebook ads to get more creative and more concepts of creative delivered. I've talked about the creative flywheel before. I've talked about the need to have multiple different ad creatives in your account. So, ad creative one might cause a reaction from this age, ad creative two might cause a reaction from this age and gender, where all different creatives actually stack up to create a nice halo where you're really reaching all of your possible audiences that will buy your product. Now, to put this very straight, you need a very simple flywheel system when you're building your creatives. And the purpose of that flywheel is to create constant new content pillars. Now, what everyone else is saying is you need diverse creative. This isn't true. You need to stack creative pillars. So, if UGC in car as a creative pillar works really well for you, then create a whole lot of UGC in car. If static images with black backgrounds and your product work lot of that concept. The thing that we're seeing in the market right now is that the biggest brands are establishing their pillars, and they're going very deep on those pillars. We're not just throwing spaghetti at the wall and trying every new creative concept, and then always trying to reinvent. What we're actually doing is finding these pillars, establishing what works for our business, understanding that each pillar might perform different. UGC in car is going to perform very different than ugly ads, but both might drive our target. One just might have way more spend behind it, one might have less spend behind it. It doesn't mean that we're not building each of those pillars. So, when it comes to building your creative depth and these pillars, as long as you're maintaining that constant flywheel, that analyzing your data, figuring out what you need to create, creating, launching, and waiting just a few days, that nonstop flywheel is going to keep your account moving forward, which is so critical. Now, as we talked about in the beginning of this video, Andromeda released just a few months ago. And while you're in the midst of nailing these three pillars, it's also really important you get your campaign structure right. So, click this video right here where I go through my entire structure step by step, so you can copy and paste it into your ad account, or adjust your ads to make sure you're at least following the core concepts. That's all for today. If you have questions, let me know in the comments below. I try to reply to as many as I possibly can. I'll see you in the next one.

  Top Comments:
  1. @kylehale9660 [13 likes]: Fb still spending 99% of my budget on 1 creative.
  2. @pablodemarchi09 [5 likes]: Hi Sam! Writing this from Argentina.

I implemented your "swimming lanes" system in November, and didn't find significant changes at the beggining, but now, for Christmas sales, I have a BOGO offer that I need to aim at warm audiences that already know my products, and I'm getting 11+ ROAS with my Retargeting campaign, because, thanks to your system, I've been able to:

1) create a big warm audience with my Prospecting campaign; and
2) increase budget exactly where I need it now, which is the Retargeting campaign

It also helped me to stop wasting money in Retention campaigns, since most of my acquisitions (I create board games, and have only a few successful ones) are one-sale only. I only advertise new products on my Retention campaign, and with a minimum budget.

I'm having a great month, and a big part of it is due to your videos. Thank you, and Merry Christmas! 😊
  3. @zellity [4 likes]: I wish there was someone to compete against meta ads. Meta ads service is shit
  4. @AleksZdjelar [2 likes]: Where do you place catalog ads for prospecting — in a separate campaign with catalog+ or as a separate ad set within a prospecting CBO?

And if they’re added as an ad group, how does that impact the performance of the other ad groups?

This is a very important question for a lot of people, I think.
  5. @HomerSimpson411 [2 likes]: Do you have a video on the specific columns we should have in our Ads Manager view in order to track the right metrics? If not a tutorial on this would be very much appreciated!
  6. @Bulletproof_Studios [1 likes]: Hey man! Been loving your stuff, was wondering if you would ever do a video on service based businesses / lead campaign setups etc appreciate this might not be your “ideal” customer but thought it was worth asking 👌🏻

Anyway appreciate you!
  7. @iaevan [1 likes]: Great heads up for the upcoming year, brother.  
btw drink more water and get enough sleep. Pimples are a massive pain in the arse
  8. @SamPiliero: 👉 Work with me and my team: go.themoonlighters.com/apply-l123
👉 Join my coaching program: go.themoonlighters.com/skool-l123
  9. @joshprieto3977: How do you see the new customer metric you mentioned?
  10. @nasrodineelghalbzouri4849: I sell furniture online with multiple product categories (mirrors, buffets, etc.). With Andromeda, would you run one campaign per category, or group all products into a single campaign?
  11. @ayushkumargupta100: Hey Sam, Can you please come up with Video for people who specifically run only Lead Generation Ads...
  12. @pruthviraj1298: Thank you for sharing the insights!
Can you make a video for B2B Meta Ads and how to Scale with very less audience pool?
  13. @Deshady7: What about X
  14. @leejoshua15: Thanks for your insightful sharing. I realised it is near impossible to track actual returns from where I am. Purchases tend to come in from other sort of avenue or we are never really able to properly attribute to the ads. find it a challenge to actually make it work.
  15. @smiless101: Why CBO NOT ABO ??
  16. @mayubeatz: Meta has been doing some unusual things lately. For instance, I’ve had a campaign where I invested $700 over two weeks and achieved a 3.5 return on investment (ROAS). However, when I continued spending $500 on the same campaign without making any changes, I noticed a sudden drop-off in results, literally 0 over the next 10 days. This has been a recurring issue for me when using these campaign structures. Usually, starting a new campaign is necessary to regain momentum.
  17. @LeviForeman-v3q: Hi Sam,

One of my campaign performs really well on low daily budget, but when I double or increase the budget my cost per conversion triples. Can you please give some advice.
  18. @aminehell: For a sales compaign fb spend 100% on the budjet on an ad set that is getting reactions and 0 on the one that has gotten sales . I have to reatribute the budjet manuelly.
  19. @HumailJamal: Please make a video on should we run only broad audience campaigns or we should select audiences as well? Since 99% of the advertisers are saying we should run broad audience campaigns but in this video you have shown different campaigns have different packs of audiences interest based, lookalikes, past purchasers etc. please create a detailed video on this and clarify all the details. Thanks Sam ❤
  20. @GuaranteedPPC: Tracking is really screwed up, that is for sure.  Software like Hyros can help bridge the gap, it's almost required at this point!

- Facebook Ads Tutorial: Meta Just Changed EVERYTHING (New Campaign Structure Revealed): Kind: captions Language: en So, these are the top four social media sites&nbsp; as of 2025. And yeah, Meta owns three of the&nbsp;&nbsp; four with Facebook at the top of the list with a&nbsp; whopping 3 billion monthly active users. That's&nbsp;&nbsp; why I've recorded this short course on Facebook&nbsp; ads for 2025. You see, if you're running Facebook&nbsp;&nbsp; ads in 2025 the same way as you did last year,&nbsp; you're already behind. Meta just changed the&nbsp;&nbsp; rules. And these aren't minor tweaks. We're&nbsp; talking complete shifts in how things are built,&nbsp;&nbsp; optimized, and scaled. Whether you're a business&nbsp; owner, marketer, agency, or a business leader,&nbsp;&nbsp; this is the course for you. I'm talking about&nbsp; campaign structure overhauls, advantage plus,&nbsp;&nbsp; budget strategies, creative best practices, and&nbsp; how to avoid burning your budget in this age of&nbsp;&nbsp; Facebook ads. If you want to leave behind that&nbsp; is easy to come back to, I'd encourage you to&nbsp;&nbsp; download the HubSpots marketer guide for Meta&nbsp; Tactics for Facebook and Instagram, which is&nbsp;&nbsp; filled with examples of brands doing it right from&nbsp; headspace to monday.com in the New York Times. And&nbsp;&nbsp; the best part, it's not going to cost you a scent.&nbsp; I've linked the free guide below. All right, let's&nbsp;&nbsp; dive in to Facebook and Meta ads. Let's start&nbsp; by talking about Meta's new campaign structure.&nbsp;&nbsp; Campaigns are no longer organized the way that&nbsp; they once were. It has changed. Everything has&nbsp;&nbsp; shifted. Advantage Plus shopping campaigns used to&nbsp; be a very simple single adset clean interface that&nbsp;&nbsp; led to very strong results. But that experience&nbsp; is gone. Now you're dealing with multiple adsets&nbsp;&nbsp; inside of Advantage Plus campaigns. Hybrid budget&nbsp; options with both campaign level and adset level&nbsp;&nbsp; toggles. A subtle but powerful shift in how&nbsp; Meta's bidding model actually works. You see,&nbsp;&nbsp; instead of grouping audiences and feeding them&nbsp; creative like we did before, Meta is now pushing&nbsp;&nbsp; creative to users, matching more aggressively on&nbsp; the individual level with their own AI and systems&nbsp;&nbsp; behind the hood. That means that creative testing&nbsp; is more important than ever before. And yes, the&nbsp;&nbsp; interface still kind of looks similar, but once&nbsp; you hit create campaign, everything changes. Meta&nbsp;&nbsp; now determines whether it's Advantage Plus based&nbsp; on your inputs, not by a toggle. In the past,&nbsp;&nbsp; when you set up a sales campaign inside of Ads&nbsp; Manager, you were explicitly asked, do you want&nbsp;&nbsp; to use manual campaign or advantage plus? You made&nbsp; the choice. You knew exactly what type of campaign&nbsp;&nbsp; you were building. Well, that choice is gone.&nbsp; In 2025, there is no Advantage Plus toggle. You&nbsp;&nbsp; aren't selecting it. You are actually activating&nbsp; it based on how you structure your campaigns.&nbsp;&nbsp; Meta has integrated Advantage Plus logic directly&nbsp; into the campaign creation workflow. So instead&nbsp;&nbsp; of choosing it, you trigger it by following&nbsp; specific setup criteria like broad targeting,&nbsp;&nbsp; optimized placements, campaign level budgets, and&nbsp; purchase as your conversion event. If you follow&nbsp;&nbsp; those signals, your campaign becomes Advantage&nbsp; Plus under the hood. You'll know you're in an&nbsp;&nbsp; Advantage Plus flow if you see subtle interface&nbsp; cues. Certain options are going to disappear,&nbsp;&nbsp; like custom audience controls for manual bidding&nbsp; fields. Campaign scoring starts nudging you to&nbsp;&nbsp; where best practices like the automated placement&nbsp; and 7-day click attribution. But that's not all.&nbsp;&nbsp; Say goodbye to existing customer budget caps.&nbsp; Before you could say truly only spend 10% of&nbsp;&nbsp; my budget on past customers. Now that option&nbsp; is kind of gone. So what should you do? What&nbsp;&nbsp; should marketers, business owners, advertisers do?&nbsp; Well, you need to use custom audience exclusions.&nbsp;&nbsp; You can now exclude past purchasers or engaged&nbsp; audiences from your advantage plus campaigns.&nbsp;&nbsp; For example, for every brand that we work with,&nbsp; we integrate HubSpot directly into Meta. So we&nbsp;&nbsp; can build highintent custom audiences just like&nbsp; this one. Engaged leads. These are the contacts&nbsp;&nbsp; who have visited your product pages, downloaded a&nbsp; resource, or opened multiple emails in the last 30&nbsp;&nbsp; or 90 days. Salesqualified leads. These are people&nbsp; who are flagged by your sales team or automation&nbsp;&nbsp; systems as ready to buy. And finally, existing&nbsp; customers based on close one deals or purchase&nbsp;&nbsp; events synced directly from HubSpot into Meta or&nbsp; native integrations and custom workflows. You can&nbsp;&nbsp; see who is your customers. Once these segments are&nbsp; built and synced, you want to select the engaged&nbsp;&nbsp; audiences. These are again the warm leads, visited&nbsp; pages, open emails, click CTAs from the last 30&nbsp;&nbsp; to 90 days and existing customers, purchasers&nbsp; who are tracked via HubSpot, the Metapixels,&nbsp;&nbsp; etc. Typically 90 to 180 days. These audiences&nbsp; are critical to exclude from your top offunnel&nbsp;&nbsp; prospecting. With the new Facebook advantage&nbsp; plus feature, we can retarget with specific&nbsp;&nbsp; post-p purchase offers and get sales. Now, once&nbsp; those audiences are in place, you've set them all&nbsp;&nbsp; up. We're optimizing for purchases, not just add&nbsp; to cart or view content. Meta needs to know where&nbsp;&nbsp; the money is made. So, set your budget at the&nbsp; campaign level unless you have a very niche use&nbsp;&nbsp; case. Meta's algorithm optimizes better with broad&nbsp; data inputs. So, lean into it and use that as you&nbsp;&nbsp; move forward with Advantage Plus. Now, let's talk&nbsp; about another shift, the evolution of audience&nbsp;&nbsp; targeting. You can now build hybrid audiences&nbsp; inside of Advantage Plus campaigns. That means&nbsp;&nbsp; you can go broad. You can seat it with demographic&nbsp; signals. You can exclude specific segments like&nbsp;&nbsp; past purchasers or you can even exclude an&nbsp; entire email list. Don't ignore suggested&nbsp;&nbsp; audience features, but don't rely on them solely.&nbsp; This is a mistake too many brands make. Always&nbsp;&nbsp; test exclusions to protect your spend. And&nbsp; if you're doing top offunnel prospecting,&nbsp;&nbsp; use exclusions to keep it pure. If you're testing&nbsp; narrow versus broad, run two separate campaigns.&nbsp;&nbsp; One that's 100% broad with exclusions, one that's&nbsp; interested with a very tight demo targeting. This&nbsp;&nbsp; is how it's done. Advantage Plus also has made&nbsp; huge announcements around placements. For the&nbsp;&nbsp; first time in forever, you can now select specific&nbsp; platforms that you want to run ads on. If you just&nbsp;&nbsp; want to show up on Facebook, Instagram, you can do&nbsp; that. If you exclusively want to show up on mobile&nbsp;&nbsp; or desktop, you can do that. There's inventory&nbsp; filters for expanded and moderate. And guess what?&nbsp;&nbsp; WhatsApp is announcing that they're allowing&nbsp; you to run ads, too. Keep in mind, though,&nbsp;&nbsp; expanded inventory is the new default. This&nbsp; includes all kinds of different content, some that&nbsp;&nbsp; might not exactly align with your brand. So, you&nbsp; want to start with a test and expand later. When&nbsp;&nbsp; you're running Facebook or meta ads, your Facebook&nbsp; video ads and image ads can appear selectively or&nbsp;&nbsp; across all of the following placements depending&nbsp; on what placements work best for you. I'd suggest&nbsp;&nbsp; you test Facebook feed, Facebook Marketplace,&nbsp; Facebook video feeds, Facebook right column,&nbsp;&nbsp; business explorer, Messenger inbox, Facebook&nbsp; stories, Facebook reels, Messenger stories,&nbsp;&nbsp; Facebook instream videos, overlay ads on reels,&nbsp; Facebook search results, meta audience network,&nbsp;&nbsp; native banner and institutional meta audience&nbsp; network and rewarded videos. It's a lot, I know.&nbsp;&nbsp; That's why you should probably download the&nbsp; master meta marketing guide I've linked to in&nbsp;&nbsp; the description below because it's filled with&nbsp; everything that you need to know about meta ads.&nbsp;&nbsp; All right, now let's talk about my favorite&nbsp; subject, my favorite concept, and that is&nbsp;&nbsp; the creative strategy. We want to talk about the&nbsp; creative strategy and the campaign flow that you&nbsp;&nbsp; should be using on Meta. And I'd be lying. I'd&nbsp; be lying to your face if I said that creativity&nbsp;&nbsp; doesn't matter in the age of AI. Wrong. Creative&nbsp; is everything now. Meta's machine learning is&nbsp;&nbsp; heavily optimized for creative to user fit. Here's&nbsp; a few quick wins that we think every brand should&nbsp;&nbsp; be considering in today's age. Broad targeting.&nbsp; You should be running three to five creative&nbsp;&nbsp; angles per adset and rotate those two to three&nbsp; weeks. See if your customers are getting fatigued&nbsp;&nbsp; and then exclude the purchasers. Run the winning&nbsp; campaigns and let your winners ride. Multiple&nbsp;&nbsp; adsets are allowed, which gives you more agility.&nbsp; And AI makes it easier than ever to create&nbsp;&nbsp; multiple ads at scale. You can test hundreds of&nbsp; different ad campaigns and concepts and hooks&nbsp;&nbsp; and visuals and graphics. You can experiment&nbsp; with UGC style content, polish brand videos,&nbsp;&nbsp; experiment with vertical versus square. Run the&nbsp; experiments, folks. Heavy text, minimum text. All&nbsp;&nbsp; of these things are worth testing. Do not just see&nbsp; your competitors do something and say, "We should&nbsp;&nbsp; do the same thing." Maybe you want to test having&nbsp; a clear benefit statement in the first 30 seconds.&nbsp;&nbsp; Maybe you want to incorporate visual proof, a&nbsp; demo, a testimonials. All of these things need&nbsp;&nbsp; to come down to your strategy and your approach.&nbsp; Have call to actions that match your funnel stage.&nbsp;&nbsp; All of this goes into the way that you're&nbsp; thinking about your creative, your campaigns,&nbsp;&nbsp; and your approach. All right, let's talk about&nbsp; the last thing, the most important thing. Please,&nbsp;&nbsp; in 2025, 2026, I pray that you don't launch your&nbsp; campaigns and just pray. You have to remember to&nbsp;&nbsp; measure the data. Click-through rates, for&nbsp; example, you should be aiming for anywhere&nbsp;&nbsp; from 1.5 to 3%. Your return on ad spend, 2x or&nbsp; higher for scale. Frequency, if it's over three,&nbsp;&nbsp; then refresh your creative conversion rates, 2&nbsp; to 5% is a pretty solid range that I would aim&nbsp;&nbsp; for. And then you also want to know your break&nbsp; even so you can understand your cost per lead,&nbsp;&nbsp; cost per acquisition, and things like that. So,&nbsp; if you want to make this happen and make it work,&nbsp;&nbsp; then you need to install the metapixel or events&nbsp; manager to connect to certain CMS's. My standard,&nbsp;&nbsp; my best practice is to always use 7-day click&nbsp; one day view attribution window and then let&nbsp;&nbsp; the results trickle in. All right, I want to&nbsp; summarize for you 2025 and beyond's playbook,&nbsp;&nbsp; folks. Embrace the new advantage plus structure.&nbsp; Don't fight it. Use campaign level budgets&nbsp;&nbsp; for better optimization. Exclude audiences&nbsp; strategically instead of relying on budget&nbsp;&nbsp; caps. Test creative like your business depended&nbsp; on it because at the end of the day, it kind of&nbsp;&nbsp; does. Watch your metrics weekly. Don't just set&nbsp; it and forget it. And I hope that you found this&nbsp;&nbsp; course valuable. And remember, don't do this&nbsp; alone. I've included a link in the description&nbsp;&nbsp; that goes deep into how brands like you can&nbsp; understand how to build a presence on Facebook,&nbsp;&nbsp; Instagram, the impact of paid, and how to measure&nbsp; performance with growth at the forefront of what&nbsp;&nbsp; you're trying to do. And if you're looking&nbsp; to keep learning more, smash that subscribe&nbsp;&nbsp; button because HubSpot's always publishing great&nbsp; content on marketing all the time and you don't&nbsp;&nbsp; want to miss it. I'm Ross Simmons. Thanks for&nbsp; listening and I will see you on the internet. [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @elifceren8431 [5 likes]: when i select advantage plus, it shows my ads to the audience waaaay different than my target audience. such as; i am aiming 'bride to be' person in her 20's, and it shows my ads to 50 year old men or 12 year old children. :( I'm really sick of it
  2. @luifever [2 likes]: Fed up with so much change in all platforms.
  3. @smiless101 [2 likes]: Sorry this not new info I was expecting something else
  4. @khushbinderdhiman [2 likes]: Business portfolio
Business manager 
Business account 
Ad account 
Ad manager 

Kindly explain about it
  5. @alkhannoussiayoube9723 [1 likes]: This is a mess
  6. @OutzipOutdoorRentals [1 likes]: What about Polls? I cant find the option any more...
  7. @ChristinaSilva-l4x6t [1 likes]: This simplification could be a game-changer, especially for smaller businesses that struggled with the complexity of the old structure. Excited to test this out and see if it truly delivers better results!
  8. @HubSpotMarketing: FREE DOWNLOAD: Get Marketer's Guide to Meta: Tactics for Facebook + Instagram from HubSpot 🔗 https://clickhubspot.com/219391
  9. @LiletSimmons: In my timeline or wall, it's been a week now that Meta appeared saying Make a choice about your ads. I don't want to pay subscription just to avoid it. I don't know how to get rid of this Meta. I was using Google before to access MY FB.  But it's not working anymore. I am running out of option.
  10. @macsmiffy2197: Everyone I know is leaving Facebook because it’s nothing but ads.  YouTube is becoming the same.
  11. @Lunar.cipher: Advantage plus won't always work. Stick to manual if you truly. Know what yous are doing as it always wins.
  12. @BF-FIT: I still have choice
  13. @thinkcartology: Looks like META quietly pulled the Advantage+ toggle—most advertisers didn’t even notice. If you want to stay ahead and adapt fast, follow me for the latest Facebook Ads tips and tutorials.
  14. @AnnaHardcastle-j2r1g: Consolidating campaigns like this seems like a smart move, hopefully, it will streamline the process and allow the algorithm to work even better. I'm also wondering about the video/image asset question - will the AI truly distribute them effectively?
  15. @AngieStuart-c5i7y: This new campaign structure looks promising! I'm curious to see how the AI will truly optimize for conversions with this more consolidated approach. Thanks for breaking down these changes so clearly!
  16. @camainechi: If I have 3 videos and 5 image,  should I run them in the same campaign and set the budget at the campaign level or ad set level?

- The Truth About Meta's Andromeda Update (What You Need to Know): Kind: captions Language: en So, the Andromeda update is what everyone is talking about in the Facebook ads and the Instagram ad space right now. And I think we need to talk about it, too, because there is a lot of fear-mongering and a lot of misinformation flying around about Andromeda right now. So, in this video, I'm going to go through what Meta actually changed, the impact it's actually having on ad results and the changes that you need to make to your current ad setup to make the most of Andromeda, and to make sure you don't get left behind. So, to help explain what the Andromeda update actually is, I've got an article from Meta up about this. I'm going to run through various sections. Actually quite a complex technical doc, but I think we can break it down into sort of easy to understand uh terms and focus on the parts that actually impact us as advertisers and and why we need to update and change things in response to this update. The first thing I want to highlight though is the date. So this was posted by Meta on December 2nd, 2024. So almost a year ago as of the recording of this video. And I think that's quite interesting. And the reason why it sort of taken a while and it's only really become the big topic of conversation recently is because it took Meta a while to roll this out. So it took as Meta often does with with new features and new updates. Um some advertisers get it early, others it takes longer. They also introduce this to some campaign types before others. But now we're in a situation where the vast majority of advertisers are operating in an Andromeda um system. That's why it's become a big topic of conversation, particularly from those advertisers that haven't updated how they do things. They may have seen results drop off. They're still operating under the the old setup. And so, a lot of people talking about it. And like I said, we need to cover this, too, cuz there's a lot of misinformation and fearongering about this out there. So, there's got sort of three summary points here. I'm going to skip over those because we're going to cover those in more detail as we go through it. I actually want to start with these two paragraphs here. Right. So, we've got here, AI plays an important role in Meta's advertising system by leveraging the power of machine learning to predict which ads a person will find most interesting. And that sounds like a fairly standard run-of-the-mill sentence for an ad platform, right? Like, we're using AI and machine learning to try and put the [clears throat] right ads in front of the right people that they're more likely to engage with. Um, but that's really key to Andromeda because Andromeda is doing this in a much more sophisticated way to what has been used previously. And I really want to sort of focus in on this predict which ads a person will find most interesting angle. You'll see why that's important as it comes up. And they sort of justify why that's that's important. It says this helps people learn about a business or product they are interested in while helping an advertiser meet their objectives such as increasing brand awareness, acquiring new customers, and driving sales. Obviously, if your ads are put in front of people that are more likely to be interested in your products and services, you are more likely to make a sale, generate a lead, etc. Okay, this next paragraph is also very interesting and revealing. So, retrieval is the first step in our multi-stage ads recommendation system. And that's what Andromeda is. It is a much more sophisticated ads recommendation system that operates differently and has consequences for us advertisers. Why we need to update things and change some of our best practices. At this stage, it's tasked with selecting ads from tens of millions of ad candidates into a few thousand relevant ad candidates. In the following stage, larger more sophisticated ranking models predict people and advertiser value to determine the final set of ads to be shown to the person. So if you think about if you're targeting the whole of the US for example, how many other advertisers are targeting the whole of the US? Tens of millions if not more of potential ad candidates and that needs to get whittleled down from all those different ads, all those different advertisers because so many people are advertising nationwide broad targeting um or or a variation of to really narrow it down. Okay. We'll we'll remove 99 whatever percent of the various options and then from there we'll narrow down even further narrow down further to work out which ad is most likely to be most interesting to that user but also most likely to meet the objective that the advertiser wants. Right? So that's kind of an overview of what Andromeda is and and how it operates. But we need to focus in on a few elements here because those are those are really important. Okay. Okay. And the meta is kind of setting the scene with this next section talking about challenges of opportunities in this new era of advertiser automation with generative AI. Um, and basically they're highlighting two points. I won't go through all the detail here, but highlighting two points that because advertisers are using AI to produce ad creative, uh, not just outside of platforms with various AI tools, but also within platform to create lots of variations of ads. So if you think about using advantage plus creative where you meta may add text overlay to your images or animate them or may add music or may uh you there's all sorts of different enhancements within advantage plus creative. Well those are all different ad variations and you can have tons and tons of different ad variations from just the one sort of seed ad that you've created as an advertiser. So using that stuff as well as the external tools to produce more ad creative basically means there's a explosion in the number of ads in the number of ad candidates. So you can see one of the big challenges of the AI era of advertising is going to be instead of meta having to sort through millions of ad variations it's going to have to sort through hundreds of millions probably billions of different ad variations um as that sort of grows in an exponential way. So that's that's the first big challenge that Andromeda is designed to to cope with, but also to allow us to benefit from. And then the second big challenge here is tight latency constraints. Basically, Meta's got to do this really, really fast because if you're midscroll or you're swiping through stories or whatever it is, that next ad wants to have been sorted through all the various different ad candidates and worked out just the right one so that it can be put in front of them straight away. There's no sort of loading, buffering, etc. And you also can take advantage of changing user interest and focus and attention really quickly. This has the potential to get really complicated. I'm going to try and keep it simple and bring it back to the parts that matter for us advertisers. You know, we're not developers, right? We're we're we're advertisers. We want to get better results. So talking about deep neural networks and using the super GraceHopper super chip and deliver superior performance. But it's this first sentence again in this paragraph that I think is interesting. So Andromeda improves performance of meta ad system by delivering more personalized ads to viewers and maximizing return on ad spend for advertisers. That's the name of the game here. If we can have a more personalized ad delivery system, we get better results. If you think about this is is what Andromeda is trying to do is be a much much more sophisticated version of what we used to try and do manually as Facebook and Instagram advertisers many many years ago when we try and be ultra specific with our targeting and match the messaging in our ads to the target audience because that's been a known marketing tactic that works since forever. Right? If you just talk to everyone, you talk to no one. If you talk to people very specifically and it resonates with them and you call out their pain points, they're more likely to listen to it, to take action, to believe that your product or service will work for them. And that's what this is looking to do. It's looking to do this at a massive scale and get things really personalized for the individual to uh help improve performance. So, let's move on to the next section. So, we've got Advantage Plus automates budget allocation, audience targeting, and bid adjustments, streamlining, campaign management, and boosting performance through more ads in the system for different audiences. So, we've seen the effect of that for a number of years, right? As Meta has been able to automate uh things like targeting uh budget allocation, bid adjustments automatically, we have gotten better results. It's why more and more advertisers have switched to Advantage Plus campaigns or switch to open targeting that takes advantage of some of this stuff. That's what that first part's talking about. For example, when advertisers who did not previously use Advantage Plus Creative turned on its AIdriven targeting features, they experienced a 22% increase in return on ad spend from our ads. We estimate the business using image generation are seeing a 7% increase in conversions. So, this next part is kind of crazy. Even at this early stage, more than a million advertisers use our generative AI tools to create more than 15 million ads in a month. Now, like I said, this article was released almost a year ago. I guarantee that number has increased massively and more and more people are using the tools like I said within meta also externally but this is really focusing on the stuff within meta to produce way more ads way more ad variations they're using advantage plus creative um and taking advantage of that. So this effect is only going to continue to increase uh particularly as well as advantage plus creative and those enhancements that you see become more and more sophisticated. And then after that it gets really complicated with all sorts of diagrams and more talk on neural networks and more talk on hierarchical indexing and stuff that honestly is too complicated for most advertisers certainly too complicated for me gets very technical and just not stuff that I think we really need to worry about. Um that's more developer world than it is advertiser world. So if I had to sort of summarize Andromeda and a good way of thinking about it, I think it's like Andromeda is like Meta building out its own Netflix recommendation system. So instead of everyone just being shown the same films or TV shows to watch within comedy, uh Netflix is going to show different options first to different people based on what it thinks they are most likely to be interested and watch based on previous viewing habits and things like that. That's that's what Meta is doing. So previously of course the system before Andromeda still worked out these are the best types of ads to put in front of these people [snorts] but it was done as sort of more of a group level. So okay we've grouped these people as interested in ABC. Therefore they meet tick the boxes and meet the requirements to be shown ads from advertisers XY Z. Whereas now with Andromeda we're getting much more specific to the individual. So, it's more sophisticated, more personalized. Uh, like I said, just like a Netflix sort of comedy playlist recommendation system where not everyone sees the same thing. Some people are shown different things um to others, even if they are both of those people are categorized as being interested in comedy. So, in a second, we need to talk about why Meta created Andromeda and the changes that we need to make as advertisers to our Facebook and Instagram ad strategy to get the best results now that Andromeda um is here. But first, I want to quickly let you know about my mentorship program, which gives you all the support you need to get the best possible meta ad results, including multiple daily live calls with me and my team. Uh, unlimited one-to-one support, ad account audits, exclusive training material, like I said, all the stuff you need to get the best possible results. If that sounds interesting, there is a link in the video description. Go ahead and click on that and book a call with one of my team members and hopefully we get a chance to work together directly very soon. So, why did Meta create Andromeda? >> Why? Why? Why? Yeah, I've heard all sorts of ludicrous things said uh from people saying that Meta did this because they want to worsen results and hurt advertisers. Like that is absolutely not the case. Meta is highly incentivized for us advertisers because we are their customers to get better results because if we all stop getting any leads and sales from Meta tomorrow, we would all leave and Meta would stop generating revenue and the value of the company would crash. Like that's absolutely not what they want. They want us to get the the complete opposite. In fact, they are highly incentivized to get us advertisers the best results possible because then we keep paying them money and if they get us even better results, then we spend more money with them, we scale, they grow as a company. So, just wanted to sort of dispel that myth because I've seen that knocking around quite a bit. So, why create Andromeda? Well, the real key here is personalization. We've already talked about that quite a bit, but putting more relevant ads in front of people makes it more likely they will take the action that us advertisers want them to take, and they will also like it too, right? People don't mind advertising if it's for things they are interested in as much as they do if it's for things they are not interested in. Okay? So it helps improve performance for us advertisers and keeps the user happy. There also a big time component to Adromeda. So um trying to do it faster, deliver the right ad to the right person at the right time. And that time element also makes it more likely that you will get the result you want as an advertiser. Cuz if even sometimes in some industries if your ad is delivered to someone u who's the right person, but you got the wrong day. They've already bought the such and such thing that they were looking for and researching and you could have got an ad in there, but it didn't quite work it out fast enough. Then you could be missing out on return on ad spend and on sales because of that. Like Meta had personalization previously and they had systems to be able to do that relatively quickly, but people were grouped as opposed to being narrowed down to the specific individual. And yeah, that basically left rorowass on the table in Meta's opinion. And we can see that because when we tried to group people manually with our own targeting options and serve them ads, we didn't get as good results as we did when we went broad in most cases for most advertisers over the last few years. So that's a good example of how this system can work uh better by instead of grouping people making it more specific to the individual. And then of course Andromeda was to some extent a necessity. They had to update the system because with AI and automation creating way way way more ads than we've seen previously. Well those all need to be sorted through and organized. Okay. So for some advertisers that leads to an obvious question right? If Andromeda is supposed to improve performance why have my results gotten worse? And just to be clear not all advertisers results have gotten worse. There are many advertisers that are seeing similar results to what they had pre-Adromeda or have even seen an improvement in results, right? But there'll still be advertisers that have seen a drop off that be thinking, well, if this thing's more sophisticated and designed to get better return ad spend, why am I not seeing as good a results in in my ad account? I think there's a few things to factor in here. So, Andromeda has only really become the big topic of conversation in the Facebook and Instagram ad space fairly recently, and that could easily coincide with a seasonal decline. If your business typically performs better, say during the summer or struggles in Q4, that could easily explain it. It could be that CPMs cost per thousand impressions are always way up in Q4 because there's a lot more advertiser activity with Black Friday and and Christmas and that's when advertisers spend a lot of their budget. A lot of advertisers spend a lot of their budget. So, those things could easily be a factor. You could have changing market dynamics. Those are things that are kind of out of your control. The big thing that is within your control is have you updated your strategy and your way of doing things to factor in the Andromeda update because if you haven't that could easily be causing a big drop in performance. Andromeda is something new. There are differences and the best practices that go with it have also updated. Now what that means is that that's a great potential opportunity because if you had great results and came in, they dropped off. If you then adjust your system and your setup to try and take advantage of Andromeda, you may well see better results, not just than what you're getting right now if they have dropped off, but potentially even better than you did previously because Andromeda is a more sophisticated thing to do. And then also, if your competitors haven't adjusted and haven't um gone with the new system and made those changes, which a lot won't, then that's extra potential competitive advantage for you. Okay. Okay, so in a second we're going to run through what you need to change, but first I want to let you know about Hyros. Hyro is the best tracking and attribution software for meta ads. It's a software all the big players in this industry use, including myself. I use it to track results for my own ads as well as all my organic results as well. So if someone books a call for our done for you services, for example, I can see exactly where that person came from with a lot of accuracy. That allows me to make better decisions for my marketing and my business. High rose has been able to track that from our ad spend in this campaign we've generated 96,000 but £58,000 of that was not reported by meta. So if I was just looking at my data within my meta ad account I might come to the conclusion that this campaign is doing okay but in reality this campaign is doing a lot lot better. Now this is a relatively extreme example because of the nature of our business. So most of our products services have recurring billing elements. Meta might be able to see what we make initially from our ad spend on that initial transaction, but not those subsequent payments. That's why it it shows the importance here of being able to accurately see what we actually get from our ad spend in order to be able to make better decisions and optimize correctly. So, if you want to improve the performance of your ad campaigns without having to touch your ads, go ahead and sign up to Hyros. There is a link in the video description. Okay, so what do we need to change now that Andromeda is it? How do how do we get the most out of the new system as advertisers? How do we update our strategy? All that sort of stuff. I've got some recommendations for you. And this increased personalization is is at the core of this because that really creates a big opportunity for us advertisers in what we can do. And I'll I I'll explain what I recommend you do and talk through the logic of it as well. So my biggest recommendation is an increase in volume of ad creative. More ads is better. Meta used to make recommendations around don't have more than six ads in an adset at any one time. Now we're regularly running adsets with 20 ads or more in there. If you think about what Meta is able to do, they're able to work out of those 20 ads, let's say, this one is right for this person and this one is right for this person. So that increased level of of specificity when it comes to personalization means that more ad creatives gives Meta more flexibility to put the right ad in front of the right people. Then within that increased ad volume, ad creative volume, you also want to try and increase creative diversity. So not just different ad variations, right? not just changing the image on a background, but different ads with different angles that focus in on different things and that different people might be interested in that might grab their attention uh more than others. Right? So, if you think about creating lots of different ads, you want to try and hit different things. And these will vary a little bit depending on what it is you're selling, but I've got a little list I'm going to run through. So, you could create different ads that try and hit people at different stages of the awareness ladder. So, the awareness ladder in marketing, you're probably familiar with it. You start people that are sort of not even problem aware, completely unaware. And then ads that are targeted, those people will often be like, "Did you know that such and such can be a real problem?" And then you go through the various other stages. And then you've got sort of problem aware, so they're aware of the problem but not aware of the solution. So then you have ads that explain the solution, but you don't need to explain the problem in the first place because they already know. And then you have ads to people that are solution aware, where you don't de you don't explain the solution more broadly, but you talk more specifically about your product or service um to get them to to buy that. You can create ads thinking, okay, does that apply to my industry? Could I create some ads that are explaining the problem in the first place, create other ads for people who already know the problem but don't know the solution. And and then all the way down that that's a good way of thinking about, okay, how do I create ads for those different different options? You could create ads that touch on different pain points, right? Maybe your product or service solves different issues. Maybe your competitors are more expensive and more timeconuming. So you could have one ad that really focused on the fact that you're cheaper, another ad that really focused on the fact that um people can save time, lots of different pain points, lots of different uh industries. Have a think about those. And then you can also flip that, right? And different desires. Does someone want to save time? Does someone want to save money? Does someone want to buy your product or service because they're going to look really good in front of their friends when they've bought it? Does someone want it because it's going to be relaxing? Does someone want it because it's going to be really exciting? All sorts of different desires that you can think of. Not all will apply to all products or services, but some will apply to some. And you can look to use ones that might work and different angles because different people might be interested in different things. And that's what a drummer is able to do. Able to go, this person wants to uh mitigate issues. They're booking a fasttrack queue at an airport, for example, right? So they don't have to stand through all the cues going through security. One person might be booking that because they want to save time. Another person might be booking that because they're an anxious traveler and they really don't want the risk of missing their flight stood in a queue for security. Another person might buy it because they want to feel swish that they're just walking straight through to the front of the queue. Those are three different desires for the same thing and different people will be interested in different ones. Like a business person is probably more going to be interested in the time saving. An anxious traveler and frequent traveler is going to be more interested in not missing their flight etc etc. Okay. And then different avatars within your target audience. So there are likely to be within your overall target audience different groups of people and you can speak to them specifically. Imagine advertising a gym, right? You're going to have people different ages. They're going to be different fitness levels. They're going to be coming from a different place. Are they trying to lose weight? Are they trying to gain muscle? Are they trying to get in better shape to compete in some sort of sport or athletic event? Are they doing injury prevention or injury rehab? You could create different ads for all of those different use cases and different avatars. Like older people are more likely to be interested in X. Therefore, we can create ads that are more suitable for them. And again, another good way of thinking through um the different ads, right? So, in general, I get this question all the time now. How many ads should I be looking to put in my ad campaigns? And my my advice here is as many highquality ads as you can produce. Don't necessarily run them all at once, particularly if you're operating with a small budget. Meta still needs to be able to test the ads and see which can perform best. And that's still a process that's going to occur. But the vast majority of people I speak to, they are constrained by how much good stuff they can produce, not by what Meta can handle nowadays with Andromeda. That's a big big change. That wasn't the case even a few years ago. What I see a lot of advertisers doing is they hear, "Oh, I should have 20 ads in an adset." And then they just go ahead and create 20 ads every week. But the only way they can create 20 ads every week is if they're basically variations on a theme or, you know, they're just swapping out something really small or they're just not very good. Don't do that. Don't create volume for the sake of volume. Uh well, actually, no, you do want to create volume for the sake of volume because that helps. But only do so if the ads you're producing are high quality and if the ads you're producing have different angles, hit different pain points. Talk to different desires. Talk to different people at stages of awareness. Uh talk to different avatars within your audience and then allow Meta to be really smart and work out, okay, this person needs to see this ad. This person needs to see this ad. And another part that we haven't talked about or what wasn't expressly said within that document, but I've talked about because it's obviously being featured within the new system, and I've mentioned this on other videos, is meta being able to add sequence. And if you have more creative diversity, the meta can add sequence more effectively. What do I mean by that? Some people within your target market are basically ready to buy. There's no point putting a an awareness style ad, a top offunnel ad in front of that person. You might as well just go for it. Go for the sale. go for the the lead inquiry, whatever it is you want people to do, right? With a more direct bottom ofunnel style ad. But some people do need those top offunnel style ads. So again, by Andromeda being really smart, being able to personalize if you put ads that would previously have hit different uh stages of the salesunnel in together. Meta is smart enough to work that out, right? Some people going to need to put a top of funnel ad in, then a middle of funnel, then a bottom funnel. Other people straight for the bottom of funnel. If you put them all in together, Meta can work that out for you as opposed to separating out into different campaigns or different adsets and then forcing the issue by saying, "No, only advertise to these people." This is really quite a difficult thing to get your head around if you are if you're someone who's been advertising on Meta for a long time and you come from a multi-step salesfunnel process, tons of retargeting, manually set up retargeting. Um, this is very different. Requires, you know, you to trust Meta a lot more. But I've talked over the past few months about different campaign structures and about including different ads that hit different um stages of the funnel, hit different pain points, using hook variations to create lots of different ad creative relatively quickly and easily. And I consistently see on those videos people coming back with, "Wow, I changed over to the new setup and my results have gotten so much better. I've I must have seen that comment a hundred times or a variation of it hundred times um in the last month or so." And that's because yes, lots of advertisers have experienced big drop offs from Andromeda because they did not update their system, their strategy, their setup to the new setup. And if you do, if you play by the new rules as it were, if you give basically Andromeda and Meta's machine learning system what it wants, it can work for you as best it possibly can and help you get um significantly better results. Okay. And one of the big changes that we need to make to facilitate that to facilitate all this extra ad creative uh and being able to get the best results and allowing method to do its thing is a change in campaign structure. And I have seen some nutty campaign structures recommended by people in this space to help um take advantage of Andromeda or combat Andromeda. And it's quite clear whenever I see these crazy campaign structures being talked about, especially in relation to Andromeda that these people don't really run many live ad campaigns because they're completely impractical. They certainly don't have 1,200 plus ad accounts um in their business manager like we do. And we're running thousands of meta ad campaigns at any one time. We very much see what works in the real world, not just in theory. And actually with Andromeda, you want a very simple campaign structure. Probably not just the one campaign, uh but you want a very simple campaign structure. And I go through all of that in detail in this video here. And I think this is a logical next step to go ahead and watch this after you've seen this to see exactly how we're doing things. This is very much done with Andromeda in mind. It's what Meta wants us to do. And once you switch over, you are likely to see significant improvement in results. So go ahead and give this a watch

  Top Comments:
  1. @MartinVargasWallin [14 likes]: A problem that I see is that even with high creative volume, 10-20 creatives in one ad set, the meta algo will prioritise and a lot of creative will not get any spend at all. For me that is wasted creative efforts, money in the bin and not really better performance.
  2. @user-j7d8o [2 likes]: FEW hard facts about Andromeda and META:

FACT – When you are crafting ads and testing different angles, you already know what you are doing and why. AI “enhancements” are pure rubbish — actually ruining your ads — as the last thing you want is your test to be ruined by literally garbage enhancements, because they are garbage. When you are crafting your ad, you do it in a specific way so you know what you are testing and what you are communicating. So first of all AI should be completely excluded from even touching ad creatives. Also look at those “enhancements” — most of them are a joke.

FACT – In the last few months, Meta was ruining ad accounts by switching things and enhancements without advertising agency consents. Even when you try to kill Meta’s nonsense, after a few days or so, they switch “their enhancements” back without your consent. Meta randomly kills or switches off great ad sets or even creatives in manual campaigns without user consent. Reported by many reputable agencies. 

FACT – AI (we use AI quite heavily on a pro level for certain high-end tasks). Around 30% of the time it completely fails — which means Meta’s “algos” become literally a gamble — nothing else and nothing more. We all know that AI is still crap and keeps making mistakes all the time. So when your "Meta AI" algos makes a mistakes - and keeps pushing your ad's to the random - even not targeted or related folks? For instance your are selling only woman related products which are not applicable to men or diffrenet age groups. And you know that - so it you definetly excluding your  ads sets for men or vice versa. However META AI algos - see the engagment, and here you go, you are selling woman tampons - to the guys. Reported by many reputable agencies. 

FACT – “More creatives,” “more variations,” “more more more” — "it’s not Meta, it’s you guys". This aligns perfectly with Meta’s issue and their strategy. Facebook engagement and content declined drastically in recent years, so basically they’re just trying to use advertisers to “create more engaging” content for their platform — but engagement never meant sales. If your ad grabs attention because it’s fun to watch, that doesn’t mean sales. Meta on average earns from their users out of our pockets around $140–$200 a day. So this is strategy is a directly tied to their revenue. 

FACT – Some ad accounts were completely ruined by META updates recently. In our case we had a few accounts which were performing quite well — good tested creatives, good audiences — just vanished in a day. Literally you just open the ad account one day and that’s it. You can’t use the same ads anymore. Pushing the same + new creatives (with things we know work, as we’ve been working with clients and audiences) and nothing works anymore. Resetting the whole ad account with 30 different tests, pouring cash, and the result is 0. Meanwhile the same setups, same audiences, and products still run well as before on other accounts — while basically selling identical products and services. So in the end, we just had to tell the clients we literally can do nothing about it.

But don’t trust me — check my facts. You’ll see the same things across the board with pro agencies stating the same things.

And fun fact — a bunch of YouTubers are stating the same scripts: “It’s not Meta, Meta is great! It’s you guys.” Yeah. Totally not sponsored or biased. So folks — keep in mind the misleading content.

Ben — while you’re stating Meta improvements are great, “everyone is making cash off ADV+ setups”  and even selling courses — how come your own company revenue is in steep decline :D
  3. @BenHeath [1 likes]: Get personal Meta Ads feedback from me (live) for less than $60 per session:
👉 https://www.skool.com/benheath/about
Let my agency run your Meta ads for you:
👉 https://heathmedia.co.uk/done-for-you/
  4. @lisajanejones6308 [1 likes]: I'm not convinced on Metas AI at all. For example, my own personal feed is now full of the most random content and ads that I have absolutely no interest in and never have. Its a hot mess that make no sense. I use to enjoy scrolling FB as all the content and ads I saw where based on my interests and stuff I've engaged with etc ... not any more.
  5. @riyazulhoque7407 [1 likes]: ** help**     I used to run meta ads on a Facebook ad account which used to produce decent results right now I have switched to another Facebook ad account but that is not producing good results is there a way to transfer my old Facebook ad account data to the new account?
  6. @jakefrosher: 👀
  7. @martiejunior: But then how do you optimise specifically if all stages of the funnel are in one campaign? How do you know which is the part that needs to be tweaked (pre-aware vs ready-to-buy) if it's all in one big wash of a campaign with X cost-per-sale for example?
  8. @TahaBuw: Thanks!
  9. @aronuchukwuezugo615: 10:36 But they ban ad accounts wrongly and don't have a human support people can reach out to fix it so we can keep spending with them.

How does it make sense?
  10. @chukwudumofoegbu: Hey Ben, how does the new Andromeda update affect your omnipresent ad strategy?
  11. @valea-o8g: do I have to activate Andromeda or is it already turned on?
  12. @jnpilot: Who here is having issues with the video views objective now delivering to the same person over and over again? In just two weeks, I had a 10 freq for the same size audience previously used that would have a 1-2 freq in the same time period. Its goal seems to be to obtain video views at the lowest price without any regard to frequency.
  13. @MountainCollectivePodcast: thank you sir.
  14. @IvanmoralesSMP: funny I was allready doing all of this prior to the update .. now I understand why my I didn't get affected
  15. @lektrolietuva: This creative strategy is amazing and it really works! Thank you su much, Ben!
  16. @namitshri: If we are selling different products targeting different genders, should we create different ad sets for each, or will Meta AI be able to target the right creative to the right gender on its own in a single ad set?
  17. @taniacasey6617: Hey Ben, I've been watching your videos for a little while now so the company I work for can do paid promotion. We have a good size CRM but in New Zealand, I'm not we can import our clients info into meta due to our privacy laws. Not without stating this in sign-up T&C's which is ok going forward, but any historical customers would have to be excluded. Do you know more about this situation with some countries?
  18. @IppokratisSaridis-b1f: If we create lets say 10 high quality ads in an ad set, wont they be limited by budget? Even if i have 100$ per day, wont some of them produce better results and get all the money then from that point? What changes in that perspective with andromeda? If this happens and we have 10 more ads do we place them in a different ad set with separate budget or in the same but closing some of the old ones? Will the best performer be a problem and wont "share" the budget?
  19. @DBMTexas: Here’s the real issue. I’m a small apparel business owner, and I’ve been through three agencies. Each one promised they’d be better than the last, and each one failed. In the end, the agencies made more money than I did. They’ll celebrate getting a 2–3x return like it’s a huge win, but for a business like mine, that’s not good enough. Once you factor in agency fees, cost of goods, and ad spend, a 2–3x return can still leave you barely breaking even—or losing money.

So what perception does that create for small business owners toward Facebook ads and agencies? Honestly, it makes it feel like they all suck and you’re just throwing money into a black hole. Eventually you stop spending on Facebook ads, and Facebook loses revenue. Yes, agencies bring businesses onto the platform, but if those businesses aren’t profitable, they’re going to quit advertising. And when small and mid-sized businesses stop advertising, Facebook loses the customer entirely.

I know this firsthand—whenever I pause my ad spend, Facebook calls me right away and offers to help for free. And that’s actually smart. Who knows the platform better than Facebook? If they can help small and medium-sized businesses become profitable through ads, they’ll keep us spending long-term—and they’ll naturally cut out a lot of smaller agencies that aren’t delivering real results. Facebook’s goal is simple: keep businesses advertising. But the only way that works is if businesses are actually making money. If Facebook can help owners get more sales and stay profitable, we’re way more likely to keep investing in ads. I know I would.
  20. @Amritpalsingh-cv5fs: Fyp

- Facebook Retargeting Strategy: How to Make More Sales: Kind: captions Language: en - Facebook retargeting ads are some of the best ads for your return on investment, but you have to do it right. There is a lot that goes into a successful campaign. In this video, we'll cover the different levels of retargeting, some best practices for retargeting, and at the end, I'll show you some example retargeted ads that you can implement right now in your business. (jungle animals calling) (upbeat music) The foundation of retargeting ads is that you retarget any lead or potential buyer to your offer. I usually recommend that you spend about five to 10% of your ad budget for retargeting ads. It's not a lot of your budget, but it often results in 80% of the sales and results. You can level up your retargeting by pairing a specific ad at every point in your customer journey where you want somebody to take action. I recommend drawing your customer journey out, and then looking at every point where you want the lead to actually do something. Let's use a webinar funnel as an example. That customer journey might start with a video or a piece of content that you want someone to consume. We actually talked in depth about how to promote those ads in another video, so you can find that link below. The next step in that customer journey that you want someone to take is actually register for your webinar. So you'd have those registration ads, which we talked in depth about lead generation in this series as well. After a lead signs up for your webinar, what is the action you want them to take? You want them to actually watch your webinar. So you then have an opportunity for everybody who signed up for your webinar, but hasn't watched it yet, to send them an ad and specifically send them back to the webinar, even addressing that you know they signed up in the webinar, you know they're interested in your content, but they haven't watched it yet. Once you know that somebody watched your webinar, what do you want them to do? You want them to buy your offer that you pitched on that webinar. Now, here's where we can get into variation of different types of ads. You can have testimonial ads, video ads, case study ads. These ads should specifically hit on objections you know your audience has. Will this work for me? Is this investment worth it? How am I going to pay this off? Will I get results? Whatever you know the objection is that your audience has, address that in your retargeting ads to them. Now, moving through the customer journey, you're gonna have people who land on your sales page. Maybe they make it even as far as your cart, your checkout page. They are on the fence of buying, but then they abandon. They don't actually finish purchasing. That's an opportunity for an ad to send people back to that page. Each of these examples are really inexpensive to run as ads because you're talking about a very hyper-targeted audience that you've already paid or done the work to get them so far and now you spend a little bit of your budget, and you'll be able to finish and close that loop and hopefully having them purchase your offer. One time we supported with a client's launch where we spent $1,100 on sales page and abandoned cart ads. She was selling a $2,000 course, and it resulted in $1.2 million in sales, just from those ads. Your retargeted audiences are already warm. They already have trust with your brand. They've consumed some sort of content. And now, if you can speak to that audience based on where they are in your customer journey, you'll be able to effectively push them over the fence and have them take action. If you have any type of traffic going to a webinar or watching your content or even landing on a sales page, you have an audience that you can target right now today. Every day that you don't have retargeted ads set up, you're actually leaving money on the table. When you go to set up a retargeted ad, you set it up just like any other ad. But then when you actually go to select the audiences, you're selecting custom audiences within your Ads Manager. So assuming you already have your offer that you're sending people to and you've selected the objective as conversion, let's dive into the Ads Manager, where I'll show you how to find and set up those audiences. One you're in the Ad Set level, you'll have the option to choose any custom audience you've created in your Ads Manager. So if you click this box, it will show you all the different options of audiences you've already created. For example, I could select this audience, Evergreen Webinar, people who have landed on my Thank You page in the last 180 days. I'd select them to target. And I'd want to exclude my buyers. So to make it easy, I could have an audience of anybody who's landed on the Purchase Pixel Now I have an audience of people who registered for my webinar, but have not purchased my offer yet. And I can send them any ad that I'd like. Now, if you don't see any audiences come up when you go to do this, you have to have created them already in your Facebook Ads Manager. I showed you exactly how to do that in one of the videos in this playlist. So click right here to access that playlist. Now, as promised, I want to show you some example retargeting ads that might be relevant to your business. These examples are a testimonial ad, a case study ad, an abandoned cart or an abandoned sales page ad, or an abandoned application or call booking ad, or any other place where your customers or leads landed and didn't finish the action you wanted them to take. Once you have all of these set up, the next step is learning how to scale and optimize your ads. In this playlist, I cover my exact process for doing that. Or, click this video that I think you might like.

  Top Comments:
  1. @danlu-businessconsultingco8982 [1 likes]: A great simple breakdown of retargeting ads!  Are there specific campaign objectives that you should use when retargeting (i.e., reach, conversions, etc.)?  

Should you mix images and videos in the same retargeting campaign to have FB or should you split them up into separate campaigns?

Also, any thoughts on CBO for retargeting campaigns? 

Thanks!
  2. @MarketingHarry [1 likes]: It's great that you showed those examples. Very useful video. Nobody like leaving money on the table! Retargeting is needed and quite important. 👍
  3. @SocialMediaExaminer: 🏆Create a Winning Facebook Ads Strategy: The Complete Guide [Playlist] https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wcAMFtfAtnQ&list=PLyqdnWmgSb_bbeTmT-07kjk7AYJolxKtI&index=1
  4. @davidtapang6917: You guys are great, content is so clear and actionable. Keep it up and thank you!
  5. @JohnnyBeane: Great info thank you!!!
  6. @franciscoisidroi2646: Is it best to just use reach as ad objective for retargeting campaigns or still conversions?
  7. @Usmanali27302: I need your help about ads
  8. @StuartMacadam: Great video
  9. @mepaulb: Really helpful content. Thanks, Emily! And, SMM...what program do you use for your animation? It's fantastic!
  10. @FREDERICKEJIOFOR: Thank you for passing your value, within 5mins, really love and appreciate .
  11. @LennyYT: Please tell all about copy templates and offers 😊
  12. @aisopuruchi8508: Awesome

- Brutally Ranking Facebook Ads Advice to Scale in 2026: Kind: captions Language: en Today I'm going to be going over the best to worst Facebook ads advice to scale in 2026. If you're new to the channel, first time seeing me, I've done over $und00 million in revenue for my clients on my advertising agency over the last couple years and I've been running Facebook ads for the last 10 years. With that being said, let's dive right into the video. Starting off with the very first one, which is single CBO per business goals. essentially what I tend to preach and tend to do on a day-to-day basis already where you're just taking one CBO and pretty much tossing everything in that one CBO campaign. This obviously for me is going to be in that S tier. Why? Because I've tested a lot of other ways and this is just the one that's consistently keeps outperforming and doing the best for all of our clients. Next one is surf scaling. Now, I am a fan of surf scaling when it comes down to like Black Friday or timesp specific events where we need to spend a lot of money um in a sharp period of time, but just in general for like scaling a brand month over meth, I'm not really a fan of surf scaling, it's not really my go-to. I use it very few times of the year. It's definitely amazing when it's like for an event like Black Friday, for example, but the rest of the year it's not my go-to. So, I'm going to put this as a B right here because, you know, again, when I do use it, it's amazing, but for how often I reach it, that's why I'm I'm putting it lower on the list because I don't reach for it very often. Next one is cost caps and bid caps. And just to kind of preframe that a little bit more, this is going to be more towards inflated cost caps and bid caps where you tend to go in there, you set up a CBO campaign, you put like a $50,000 daily budget, but you put such a tight cost cap that essentially, you know, you only spend maybe $1,000 for that day instead of that $50,000 today. So, you only really spend based off of it actually hitting those performance goals and stuff. Now, I'm not a fan of this. I've tested it many times before and I've just never seen good results with it. I think it restricts the algorithm way too much. Uh prevents the Facebook algorithm from really learning and stuff like that and it tends to make Facebook go after lowhanging fruit. Um which is going to be like your more retargeting audiences and stuff. So you restrict it from reaching a lot of new people which actually hurt you in the long run right there. May work amazing for like a week or two but then it really kind of conricts the business down from growing and stuff. Me personally, not a fan of it at all. Don't think it's great at all. Um, I'm personally going to put this down in the C. I don't think it's horrible. I I definitely still see people have done good results with it and stuff like that. Um, just me personally, I'm not a fan of it at all and I don't personally use it. So, I'm putting it as a C. I don't think it's horrible. I don't think it's the worst thing ever. So, I'm not going to put in a D tier for that particular reason right there. Now, the next one's persona testing. And persona testing is really good, too, because this allows you to basically go ahead and test different personas with your product. Um, so like let's say for example, if I take the C4 can right here and um, you know, an energy drink right here, like obviously there's different types of people that could drink this particular product. And the objective with persona testing to scale a brand is by finding a particular persona that no one else is leveraging. And when you find that kind of hidden persona right there, it opens up a whole blue ocean to allow you to scale at a rapid rate in business and stuff. Now, we've actually leveraged this a few times, you know, in our um for example, our one of our clients right now where we switched over from horny 18 year olds trying to get laid to guys who are um essentially, you know, smoke cigars and stuff who need fresh breath and stuff like that. and we saw a big spike in terms of performance and revenue profitability and like better ads and stuff by just switching personas and stuff like that. So, this can be an amazing tactic right here when you change all the ads um you know you in the ad creative itself you're testing a new persona landing page all of those good things. The problem with it is that people have starting to believe that they can only do persona testing to scale and test new creatives and some markets have a limited personas you can test. So, it won't fix all your problems and there's other things that, you know, there's some downsides to it. But, I'm definitely putting this right here as an A tier because this is definitely something that we can change trajectory for a business substantially by changing the persona, but some businesses it doesn't make sense to change the persona and it makes sense to just keep pushing that one right there. Now, sophistication stages is going to be very similar to this where you know uh if you're new to market sophistication basically it's it's um how competitive a market is, how saturated a market is and then what's your u way of competing with everyone else. And there's five different stages, right? And the further you go up in a more saturated market, that's where the more extreme claims come and the idea of needing more new mechanisms come in as well. This is right here. I would say is more going to be in a B tier right here cuz it's highly important and stuff like that, but it's more so one of those things that you just kind of start off from the beginning um and start scaling from the beginning with these sophistication stages and stuff like that. Now, awareness stages. This is another huge one right here. Very similar to sophistication stage, but awareness stages is going to be more from how close to how far people are from buying from you. So, if you go all the way at the bottom of the awareness stage, you're gonna have very small pocket of people. And as you start moving up the ladder and stuff, um, essentially what's going to happen here, those awareness stages are going to open up a little bit more. You're going to have access to larger markets of people. And this is where we're going to really go ahead and open up larger markets to spend a lot more money and stuff. This one right here definitely is going to go to S tier. We literally took a brand from spending, I think, 10K a day to spending 15K a day. And just by going from a problem aware market to an unaware market. And the only difference here was that going from problem aware to unaware. What essentially happened was is we actually had 10K a day at a $45 cost per purchase. And then we moved up to 15K a day in ad spend with a $32 cost per purchase. So we're spending 5K more per day with a lower cost per purchase. And the reason why we're able to do that was because we were able to access a larger market of people uh to where we could spend a lot more which lowered cost per purchase down which was really cool. Next one right here is desire testing. This is kind of similar to persona testing where you're testing various different desires in the marketplace and stuff. And you know, this is another big one right here that's going to go to S tier because we've had plenty of case studies and stuff like that where we just simply change the desire that we're going after from something that wasn't like really converting to now something that's a lot more urgent and people are like actively want stuff like that and we're able to change the trajectory of a business completely. I remember back in the day, the first time I've ever done it was with a metal signs brand where um you know they were just going after like the desire of hanging something good on the wall and it just wasn't really scaling at all. Then we scaled we changed it to the perfect gift for a loved one and that desire took us to I think I think a peak one time was like 50k a day during like the gifting season and stuff but throughout the year we averaged 5k to 10k a day in revenue just with that one right there. So worked really well for that for that business. Next one right here is testing different Facebook pages. This is where like you actually go and create new Facebook pages and instead of actually going ahead and leveraging something like let's just say like your brand page, right? You may create a persona page and then you also may create a blog style page and instead of running ads from your main page, you're still within the same campaign but you're just testing different Facebook pages of who you're you're showing like your ads like from basically. Um, and this one right here creates some really cool case studies over the years for us. I wouldn't say it has a really high hit rate. So, it's still something we test, but it's not something that's like, oh my god, every time we do this, it's a complete amazing performance change. So, I'm going to put that as a B tier right there, but it still works really well for that. Next one is image ads. Testing different image ads to basically find like a new scalable image ad and stuff. We love image ads and stuff like that. I think image ads work really well in the beginning stages when you're technically like a broki and you can't really afford video ads and stuff like that. My complaint with image ads and my my hate towards image ads more stems towards the fact that it's it's created this false belief that anyone can win with image ads and that's just not true. There is some markets where you have to go video ads. There is also too when you're looking at from a sophistication stage of like everyone trying to like beat everyone else in terms of the content and stuff like that and you have brokies thinking they can just use image ads to scale and there's some products that yes you can do good work with that image ad but you can get like a.7x rorowass whereas a video ad may get you a 1.5 to 2x. So, I might as well just go immediately to the video ad and and stop being a broky and just jump to the video ad because it's going to give me way more better results uh from the beginning. Now, a great example I always consistently keep making with image ads versus video ads is I'm always making the example of if I was selling the world's strongest iPhone case, for example, and I just create an image ad showing the iPhone case and saying world's strongest iPhone case. that doesn't do any good to create belief to the consumer that this is a like the world's strongest iPhone case. Whereas, if I do a video ad, I could show durability test with that video of that iPhone case to where it actually showcas and creates belief into consumers that this is the world's strongest video case right there or iPhone case. So, I'm putting image ads all the way to seats here. Why? only because there's people out there who have false belief they can just win with image ads. Don't get me wrong, I still use them all the time. I probably test half of our ads with image ads, but I just hate the fact that people have this false belief now they can win with image ads. And to be honest, it's purely dependent on the idea of what the claim is that you're trying to market to and what's going to do better, an image ad or a video ad to be able to create that belief into consumers. And I'm actually going to move v uh video ads to the S tier for that exact reason right there. When you actually take the time of video ads and you get the content you need filmed and you stop like bitching around like oh well that's going to take too long to do or um you know that's going to cost too much or like when you stop making the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] excuses basically and just go get the content film you need done whether it takes a month or two months right there and that creates high amounts of belief to that consumer right there. Like if I need to go do a world's strongest iPhone case, for example, and it takes me 2 months to build a creative that shows like all this durability test with that particular iPhone case, that's going to print money substantially compared to, you know, me just consistently making excuses every week of why uh video ads won't work for me, etc. So, you know, video ads still tends to be some of our best performance and we still crush it with video ads, especially to now that we have a whole module inside of my course now that goes over AI ads mastery where we have over I think at 10 12 videos now of how to make video ads that convert with AI. Now, now next one is offer testing. And I'm putting this one straight to S tier right here. Offer testing. I I I I think a lot of people have uh came there and they've looked at offer testing more from a perspective of, oh, it's 10% off. Oh, it's 20% off. Uh that's false. The offer is everything that someone gets in exchange for giving you money. That's what the offer is. It's the dream outcome that we're marketing to. It's the uh perceived likelihood of achievement that we're getting we're marketing to basically right there. So like, hey, the offer is, you know, this C4. The dream outcome of C4 right here is the fact of I'm going to have more energy. The perceived likelihood is how likely am I to believe that this product is going to give me more energy. Well, it's like I see all these other people drinking it. They have more energy. I see people like, you know, sponsored people talking about how amazing it is, how good it tastes, and stuff like that. See a lot of good customer reviews. See a lot of people rave about it. I also see how easy it is. I just open it up and drink it. very very low risk here for purchasing this. It's like a dollar to $2 per one. So the perceived likelihood of achievement is high. This is where I also like to look at like risk. For example, like my risk is very low here. I don't really have to risk much. The last one here is going to be more thinking about like urgency, bonuses. I also like to think about, you know, just how easy is to use. Like all of those things make the offer itself. Too many people think the offer is 10% off, 40% off, buy two, get one free, and that's completely false. The offers everything in exchange for money in that case right there. Now, next one is increasing budget by 20%. This one right here, I'm going to go and put at a tier right here. Why? Because it's something we do all the time. We've been doing this now for the last 3 years. Uh, purely from like 20, I don't know, 15 all the way up until like 2021. I was on some [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] things when it came down to increasing budget. And we'll go over a few of those in a second. But from 2022 to today, the time I'm filming this video, we've consistently kept doing 20% budget increases. We do it every day based off yesterday's results for increasing budget. Um, and then what we'll do is we'll keep increasing budget based off yesterday's KPI and stuff like that. If we hit that KPI, we'll increase budget by 20%. But if we don't hit those KPIs, we're not a broky and just immediately drop budget and stuff. If we hold that budget and we take aggressive action actually fixing that particular bottleneck so we can keep scaling. This might be a new landing page. This might be a new offer. This may be some new creatives and stuff like that. We'll be tweaking those things right there to help improve things. Now performance is like terrible for like 4 days then obviously we'll start pulling budget back or if like there's something like a larger macro factor that's happening then yes we'll pull budget back a little sooner right there. But it literally I see people pull the budget back 2 hours into the day cuz they're not hitting the rorowass they want. I'm like, "Bro, it's only 2 hours in. You have to give Facebook ads at least 72 hours to like fully kind of give you an accurate result." Now, next one is advvertorials. Advertorials, this is another form of landing page and stuff like that. I love advertorials. You know, we test them all the time. I just find that with advertorials and stuff like that, it's more for an unaware market. what we're seeing the most success with for him. Unaware and problem aware is what we do a lot of avitorials for and stuff. I just I don't see as many winners as I would like with Avitorials and like we have a pretty solid team. We we spend a lot of time putting them together and stuff like that. Don't get me wrong, like I've seen a lot of people crush it with avatars and stuff. I just don't think they're used as commonly as I would love to use them. So, I'm putting them as Ctier. Um I don't think they're bad at all. I think they're phenomenal. I think everyone should test them and stuff like that. I just don't see as many winners as I would like to see with Aviators for me to put it more like S tier, A tier in that case right there. Now, listicles though on the other hand, I'm going to put these as a tier right here because we've seen a lot of success with listicles and stuff. Um, and again, for the people who don't know what avatars and listicles are, this is going to be the page we're sending traffic to from your ad to that page. People read that page before they go to like your actual product page and stuff like that. Um, I love listicles. They're a lot more easier to digest. I think they're a lot easier for the average marketer to go set up and create. There's less difficulty in setting up your first listicle, whereas an aviator is a little bit more difficult. It's a little bit more overwhelming and stuff like that. Also, a lot more work going into avitorial versus listical and stuff. Um, and I just find that I see a lot more winning listicles versus avitorials right there. Quizfunnels. This one right here I'm putting as a B tier. I think quiz funnels are [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] amazing as well. Um, I really think for quiz funnels, especially too for higher ticket products and products that have more questionable like is this right for me, for example, I think quiz funnels are phenomenal for that part right there. Um, I just don't use them as often as I would love to use them. U, no particular reason, just not usually my go-to first thing. Usually something we test like after listical and avitorials right there, but still a phenomenal thing to actually add into your arsenal. Now, audience testing campaign. I'm putting this literally all the way down to a D tier right there. We haven't done audience testing since I don't know really literally 2021. We don't use interest. We don't look use look likes anymore or anything like that. Um so we haven't ran an audience testing campaign since 2021. Yeah, I just don't use it at all anymore. It's just not needed anymore. You know, now that you have advantage plus audience now that creative creates the audience and stuff like that, there's just no longer needed for this particular campaign. And I'm gonna put look likes and interests. I'm actually going to put them at like Ctier right here. And the only reason why I'm going to put them at Ctier is because nine out of 10 of our clients, in fact, actually more. Like we've worked with hundreds of clients in the last two, three years now. To be honest, we only have one client right now that we haven't been able to beat in terms of like interest and look alikes. You know, they're they they came into to our agency running interests already. And like for this particular client right here, you know, again, we've had hundreds of clients all run Advantage Plus and beat Looks and Interest uh running Advantage Plus audience, but this one particular client, we just haven't been able to beat it with Advantage Plus. So, I'm putting a seat tier cuz, you know, again, something I don't use at all. Um, but because of that one client right there, it kind of gives it a little bit of hope, but you know, again, just not something I'm turning to at all for testing. Now, create a testing campaign here. I'm going to put this as a B tier right here. Now, us personally, we don't use a creative testing campaign. We we went all in in the CBO setup per C uh business goal. We went all in on this. I would say dominantly probably 2022 January. Uh in 2021, we did the creative testing campaign and stuff like that. And just to be fair here, like it's it's if you're running the creative testing campaign [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] setup and you're running the CBO and you're moving winners into the CBO and stuff from the creative testing campaign, you're not wrong. You're not fundamentally wrong. Like, you're still going to get good results. And that's the thing. We were getting good results for our clients running the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and the CBO setup. Then we moved entirely into the CBO because we felt like the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] campaign just didn't make sense. Why? because we were testing these lower budget creatives 20, 30 bucks, 50 bucks a day in the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] campaign. We were finding winners and it would move it over into the CBO campaign, scaling campaign at a couple thousand a day. And what we were finding is a lot of these winners weren't actually turning into new winning ads inside of that CBO campaign. And ultimately what it came down to was the fact that we were like basically if you take like a Honda minivan and like a Lamborghini um let's just say for example because I have one sitting in my garage back here. Um but let's just say if we took both of those two cars and we lined them up side by side and we just said okay which one of these cars can go 40 mph. That's it. That's it. Not who gets to 40 mph first. Not how quickly you can get to 40 mph. It's just which one of these cars can go 40 miles per hour and it's like both of them all day. But then it's like, you know, for the Urus with a top speed, I think it's like 185 at least inside of the default programmed thing. And I think a minivan is probably going to be like maybe 120 if that. It's like, all right, which one of you guys can do 150? You know, not who can get to 150 first, not who can um do any of that. And you line up side by side and you both take them down the road. It's like well minivan is going to be topped out probably about 120 and then the theo gets to 150 with breeze in that sense. So it's technically here when you go from a low tier campaign to a high tier campaign. Essentially what's happening here is you're basically doing that same thing. Who can go 40 m per hour? Oh hey easily both of these people. But then we take them to that high tier campaign a couple thousand a day more spin and you're dropping all your winning ads into that campaign right there. Then it's like oh only one only the can actually continue to do that. And what we're finding is we're just finding a bunch of Honda minivans in the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] campaign. So, we just rather just cut out the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] campaign, just keep dropping into the CVO campaign. And what that did was cut cut away a lot of wasted ad spend and allowed more spend goes to our winners. So, we just made a lot more money. It also cut down the time we needed to be in the ad account and stuff like that and all of those good things right there. So, just made a lot more sense going in the CBO. You're not fundamentally wrong though if you're running the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] CBO campaign. We just tested it. We got good results with it and then we just realized we didn't need the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] campaign and we could just go straight to the CBO campaign and we just saw better results. So good results, you're fine with it, but single CBO, we just saw better results and a lot more efficiency. Now, next one's top funnel, middleunnel, bombfunnel campaigns. Again, I'm putting this all the way down to Dtier. We just we haven't ran these in a long time. Uh again, used to do this in 2020, 2021 since we went all in kind of like the CBO and like creative testing campaign in 2022 than completely just a CBO campaign in 2023 for example. We just haven't ran these in a long time. Wouldn't say you're fundamentally wrong. We just again saw way better results going this way. So just not need anymore. Uh Facebook does all the retargeting for you. So uh we put our retargeting ads on Advantage Plus audience. no retargeting audiences, but because we make them for retargeting audience, like a a retargeting audience has a specific set of messaging they need to see to convert. So, as long as we're doing that thing, then it's easy for us to launch inside of there. Duplicating campaigns with higher budgets. We're going to put this as Dtier. This one is just [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] to do to be fair here. Um, we've seen this before. Just doesn't work well, you know? Um, it's gambling at the end of the day. This is basically where like you'll get like a $10 like you'll be testing Facebook ads like $10 a day and then you'll just duplicate it to $100 a day budget and just it's gambling. That's all it is. You're gambling with the idea of hoping something hits at a larger budget. It's not slow consistent growth, which to be fair, slow consistent growth is the thing that uh, you know, essentially helps out with like growing month overmonth Facebook ads. That's the more realistic idea of which is going to happen. Now, next one here and the last one is warming up the ad account. We're putting this in deeds here as well. There's this false belief that you need to go warm up a Facebook ad account before you actually go ahead and um you know like get to the scale like to be able to run like purchase conversion campaigns and stuff. And I actually have a video on the channel called 0 to 30k a month. It's like a two-hour video where I even show you over the course of 30 days all the ads I tested, why I tested those ads and everything like that. It's free. It's on the channel. It's an hour and a half long video. I recommend you test it. We start off at purchase conversions day one. Um, you don't know, you don't need to run awareness campaigns or add toart campaigns or view content campaigns before going to purchase conversions campaigns. It's just not needed anymore. The thing is with Facebook is that when you uh look at like when you click on like the the event you want the conversion event it's like purchase add to cart check out initiate view content and essentially what happens there is uh Facebook categorizes people within those key content buckets right there. So maybe purchase maybe view content maybe add to cart maybe check out initiated. So, why would I want to run traffic to like add to cart, for example, when Facebook knows these people are just going to add to cart? So, that's why like I just want to go straight to purchases right there. And that way, Facebook's only running ads now in front of people who are um more likely to purchase. Now, the level of which your ads are, like if we launch an ad account with terrible ads, terrible ads is basically going to be a sign of, hey, are you getting good cost per purchase or bad cost per purchase? we're getting bad cost per purchase or no purchase at all. It's either an ads issue, a landing page issue, or an offer issue right there. Again, keep in mind of what I talked about with an offer earlier. So, in that case right there, what I'm going to be looking at is um you know, for warming up an ad account, it's not that the ad account's not warm, it's not the creatives are bad. We can kind of judge that by cost per link click. Again, I don't look at CTR. Again, just terrible metric to look at. Um I look at cost per link click and that's roughly a dollar. It's not really an ads issue. It's going to be more of a landing page issue or I'm looking for congruence between the creative and the landing page itself. If the um the creative itself is just not congruent with the landing page at all, then it's a a mismatch between the two and we need to tweak whatever one that's the mismatch is at right there. So, that's going to be one thing right there. And then the other thing I'd be looking at is okay, well, maybe that's all working well. Well, then that's when it's an offer issue itself. Um and then the last thing is also giving enough time right there. Every time we, you know, launch a new ad account, we always give it 30 days. We always tell people to launch in a budget that you can run for 30 days without being emotionally tied to it right there. That's also going to help you out in that sense right there, too. So, this is pretty much the full list right here. We got pretty much everything. Um, our S tier, single CBO, awareness, stage testing, desire testing, video ads, offer testing with A tier, right under persona testing, increasing budget by 20%, listicles. like this is this accurately represents a lot of the stuff we do on a day-to-day basis right there. Um, you know, again, image ads, we still do a lot of image ads. Just I hate the belief that people can, you know, brokies can just, you know, scale with image ads with, you know, depending on what they're doing doesn't always work. And then lastly, all the way in Dtier, audience testing campaigns, tofu, mofu, bofu, duplicating camp, tire budgets, warming up the ad account. So, thank you all for watching. Hope you all enjoy this video. Hit the like button, hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. And if you want me to run your Facebook ads, click link below to have Nick Terry run your Facebook ads. You have to be doing at least 100K a month for that. And then if you want me to mentor you, click link below to have Think Terry mentor you. You have to be doing at least 30K a month for that part right there. Uh we'll hop on your ad account, review your ads. I'll give you feedback specifically to what you're doing right now. How to improve your creative, how to improve your offer, all of those good things. And if you're doing less than 30k a month and you still want my help, then I have my course below where I dozens or hundreds of actually videos now on um all the tactics that we leverage to scale brands inside of that course. Thank you for watching. Hope you have a good rest of your day. Peace out.

  Top Comments:
  1. @joshschindler1310 [2 likes]: Can we get a clear video of you analyzing fb data and going through your thoughts on what you look at and how you diagnose what the exact issue  is and what the fix will be
  2. @RafaelBelor [1 likes]: awesome overview on what to focus on!
  3. @mustafaerdem8703 [1 likes]: Hey Nick, love your content! 

Quick question — I have a global digital product running worldwide. Got positive ROAS in 25+ countries. I grouped them into 5 tiers based on cost per result and similarities. Now the big question: should I run 5 separate CBO campaigns (one per tier) or 1 single CBO campaign with 5 adsets (one per tier)?
  4. @Garo_Tcherpachian [1 likes]: Insane value, just 2 question do you think there is still need for awarness/engagment campaign for ecommerce stores ? and for new ad accounts/low budget do you think interest targeting is still interesting ?
  5. @pedrosierra4962 [1 likes]: Nice format, Nick!
  6. @onkicionkidu [1 likes]: Thanks for sharing, Nick.
  7. @khaldioussama4047 [1 likes]: Hi Nick, hope you’re doing well.
Does the single campaign CBO strategy, where we keep launching new ad sets inside the same campaign, also work with a daily budget ranging between $20 and $100 per day?

Especially considering that in some African countries the CPM is very low (around $0.50), which is why I’m working with this budget range.
  8. @tropicxyt [1 likes]: the goat never fails to post
  9. @katherinebleu9047 [1 likes]: Gold! thank you!
  10. @PhilHennessy-w4d [1 likes]: Thanks nick!

- Facebook Ads For Beginners (2026 Complete Guide) - POST ANDROMEDA: Kind: captions Language: en Most people running Facebook ads are wasting money. If Facebook ads feel confusing, expensive, or like you're just guessing, you're not stupid. Most people are running them wrong because nobody ever showed them the basics properly. So, in this video, I'm going to walk you through Facebook ads step by step so you know exactly what matters and what doesn't. This video is going to save you money and time and a lot of frustration. Let's start. Now, honestly, when it comes to Facebook ads, this is easy. So, the very first thing we want to do once we're in Ads Manager is just go over to the left hand side to campaigns and we're going to land here, right? And then we just want to tap on create the type of campaign that you want. If you're a lead genen business like a service-based business where you get, you know, their details, so you can give them a quote or anything like that, you just want to pick leads. If you're an e-commerce business and you get sales, so people purchase the product and you don't have to give them a quote or anything like that. You don't need their information before you get payment. You just tap on sales. All right. Now, for this particular video, we're going to tap on leads, and we're going to tap on continue. So, the very first thing here that we want to break down is the ad levels. All right. If you see up the top left over here, and over here as well, there's three different levels. Okay? There's the campaign level up here, which is basically just about setting in your budget. And then you have the adset level, which is picking things like your targeting locations, your conversion locations, and what page to actually run the ads on. And then you have the ad level where all of the magic happens and you actually create the thing that people see. And also if you selected instant forms as one of your conversion actions, you will also create the instant form right here as well. All right. Now that you understand that, we're going to go through and start this off. So just put in your daily budget. Whatever you think that you should put in for your business. Now my personal recommendation if you're complete beginner and you're starting off, I recommend spending anywhere from $50 to $100 per day. Now that's in Australian dollars. If you're from the United States, it's £35 to $70 per day. And if you're from the UK, £25 to £50. All right. So, what we're going to do now is just tap on next, and we're going to land straight onto the adset level. As you can see here in these two areas, we're now in the adset level. So, the conversion location, if you have a killer website, send the traffic to your website. All right? But 99% of people don't have conversion focused websites. They're usually pretty shitty. So, I recommend sending them to an instant form. If you run a service-based business, like you're a plumber, window cleaner, anything like that, I would just recommend that you send them directly to an instant form like this, just because you'll probably get more leads from using instant forms because it doesn't take them off the platform and you can make them high quality as well by making them go through and answer various questions. Okay, so what we want to do now is just select our page. And then for the performance goal, we're just going to have this maximize number of leads. There's another one down here, maximize number of conversion leads. I've spent tens of thousands of dollars on this. Don't bother wasting your time on this. All right? You end up paying a premium price to get basically the exact same leads. And when you set up your instant forms like how I'm going to show you in this video, you're only going to get conversion focus leads anyway. So, you don't need to change this over and pay for that premium audience. All right. So, keep it on maximize number of leads. All right. Now, we're going to scroll down to audience. All right. So, what we want to do in audience is just tap on this little pencil here. That's going to bring down our targeted location. So also tap this little arrow so you can see what you're doing. So we're just going to type in one of our service locations. All right. So just say we service around Chadston. So now it's targeted directly into Chadston. So what we want to do is tap on drop pin and just drop a pin in our targeting zone that we want to run ads in. And then just increase this to, you know, the radius that we actually want. All right? Or you can decrease this. So just say we want to target this whole area here. I want to run ads throughout here cuz I have a large amount of employees and they reach all around these different areas. All right? So, there's a big mistake that a lot of people do here, right? And it's they don't exclude the areas around the actual targeting. And I'm going to show you exactly how to do that because I want you to make a ridiculous amount of money when it comes to ads. All right? So, I'm going to show you the proper way to do this and exactly how to save as much money as possible. And one of those biggest things is this exact thing here, which is not having exclusion zones. And you're probably watching me right now thinking, Daniel, you just added in another targeting zone, you absolute idiot. Right. But wait. All right. We can actually go in here and we can tap on it and it will give us the option to exclude this. Bang. Now it's a red circle. What I recommend that you do is going through and putting all these exclusion zones all around your targeting zone just like this. Add them up to like 20 m wide each just all the way around your actual targeting area. So it will just look like a big blue area with a bunch of red circles around it. Now, this will stop you from getting a large amount of leads that aren't in your service area. Now, sometimes you still get the problem. So, to make this bulletproof to really avoid getting any leads outside of your area, cuz right now since the Andromeda update, it has been quite a big issue, especially for service-based businesses. We want to scroll down and we want to tap on further limit the reach of your ad. Do not stress, this isn't a big deal. The ads are still going to be broad, so we're still going to get as much reach as before. It's just actually going to listen to our good old guidelines that we just gave it which is just targeting here. It's not going to go for the cheapest lead and start pumping out ads here even though we don't want them cuz currently Facebook billion dollar company does not understand that we do not want that. So tap on further limit the reach of your ads. Go down here, tap on it and then tap on continue and just leave it how it is. Oh well you could you can actually change the um age area because you know a lot of the time you won't get people around the age of 18. So, you can just boost this up to like 25 or anything like that. And I probably wouldn't use this as a suggestion cuz I know my business better than anyone else. I'm sure you do as well. And the chances of you getting 18y olds is very unlikely in the actual job. All right? Like I'd really doubt that they're going to convert and get, you know, whatever quote or whatever business you run, unless you run like a like a restaurant or anything like that or a food joint, you'd obviously have this as 18year-olds as well because, you know, they would love to go out for dinner. But for this particular ad, we're creating an ad for a service-based business. So, I'm not going to bother about using that as a suggestion. We're going to scroll down and we're just going to tap on next. Now, as you can see, we're in the ad level. So, this is where the magic happens. This is where we create the actual ad, what people actually see. Right? So, we're going to scroll down and I'm going to show you exactly how to do this. What I recommend doing is having this on single image or video ad. And when it comes to testing, right, when it comes to knowing how many ads you should make, I recommend having about five ads in here. Okay, for this particular budget, five ads is going to work fantastic. So, now we're going to set up our creative. So, the creative is just the words on the ad, the image on the ad, and just everything like that. So, let's tap on setup creative and then set up image. We're just going to tap on this image here, and then tap on next. So, as you can see, this is what our image looks like right now. We want to keep all these as original. We do not care if this ad does not show up in this placement because we don't really want it to show up in that placement anyway. So, let's tap on next. Now, I can put in the primary text and everything right here, but it does look pretty bad. So, I'm going to avoid doing that in this area. We're going to do it after we fill out everything else in regards to the actual image. All right, so tap on next. So, as you can see here, it's actually generated us some AI images. I recommend just selecting on any of these that actually look good, but if they look like this one here, like it looks like the guy's in a snowstorm, right? If they look like that, just don't even bother clicking on it. But if you find any ones that look, you know, better like this one, this one looks pretty good. or this one here because there's another guy in the image. I recommend just testing it out, right? It's not going to use this as your sole photo like it's just going to use this as another test of the photo which is really good. All right, tap on next. Now, remove enhanced media text improvements and enhanced CTA. The reason why is because we want full control over our Facebook ads and we want to know what they actually say. All right, if we have on text improvements, it'll change our text around which is not what we want. And then if we have enhanced CTA, it will also change what our CTA is, which we don't want to happen, right? So, the ones we do want to keep on is overlays, visual touch-ups, music, and you can have animation on or not. I'm just going to leave it on. Let's tap on done. So, this right now is the bare bones of our ad. All right. So, this is our image. Just imagine this is from Solar Company, not my demonstration page, Daniel Jim. All right. So, this is what we've got right now, the stock standard. What we need to do is put in our primary text, our headline, and our descriptions, and our call to actions. So the call to action obviously for this type of business which is a service based business which is a solar installation we're just going to tap on get quote because that's what we want the client to do. We want them to get a quote. All right, pretty simple stuff. So bang, here's our primary text right here. All right, I've gone through and I've created this and this is actually a type of ad copy that we run for one of our clients who's in solar installation. It's not the exact thing obviously cuz I don't want to show that on ad, but it's quite similar. All right, so I want you to understand that this is the type of ad copy that works. Long- form ad copy works unbelievably well. Some people look at this and go, "Oh, there's a disgusting amount of like writing here." But no, you're paying for your ad to appear and sell someone on your service. So, you want as much writing in here as possible that's really going to sell them. Obviously, you don't want in here just random fluff where you're just trying to hit a word limit. No, you want very sales focused stuff. Pointing out the exact location and person that you want, right, which is a Melbourne homeowner. and pointing out their problem. They usually pay around x amount per year for electricity compared to 1,700 with a properly installed solar system. Right? We're literally eliminating their bill in half. We're doing exactly what the image says, cut your power bills. Right? We're cutting them in half, literally. All right? So, this is the type of ad that works really well. Now, I'm going to scroll down and put in my headline. So, the headline that I'm going to put in is something very simple. I just tell them what I want them to do, right? Which is getting a quote. We want them to go and get a quote and tap on this button here so we can go talk to them. So, bang. Here's my headline here. It's super simple. It's just get your solo quote, right? I'm just telling them exactly what I want them to do. Don't overthink this area, guys. It's really simple. Just tell them, like I said, what you want them to do. Now, for the description, just kind of follow along with that and either give social proof or, you know, push something custom or just anything like that, right? Just anything that you might think will help. So, here's my description here. reduce your power bills with a custom solar system which is just doing the exact same thing the image is doing and the words up here is doing. It is pushing the fact that we are reducing or cutting or destroying their power bill so they don't have to pay as much money per year. All right, that's clearly the angle of the ad which is hey we save you money. Pay us money so we can save you money. All right, but this is yeah this is exactly what you want here. So I'm going to break this down real quick. Off the very bat of the ad, what you can see is the exact target location. So, bank, they know that they are the people in that area. They're also home owners and they're probably most likely paying around 3,200 per year for electricity because this is the average for the households in there. And then bang, here's a quick little comparison to how much they could be paying if they had a solarin system that we installed for them. What this is doing is showing that we are cutting their power bill in half. And then you have the image that reiterates that cut your power bills in half with a custom solar system. And then also massive social proof. Bang. They know that we are trusted. We got 289 Google reviews, five stars, right? We are a trusted provider to install your solar systems. Okay, then we even have a photo of a guy doing it, which is really good. And then we have the actual headline, get a solar quote, the call to action, get quote, and then the reduce your power bills as well. Now, this is an absolute banger of an ad. But we're not done just yet. We still need to actually create the instant form where they're going to go fill out their details and become a highquality lead. All right. So, we're going to scroll up to destination and we're going to tap on create form. Now, in my opinion, I keep this on more volume and I keep this as open and I keep this as optimize. Now, we're just going to tap on next. I remove the greeting because majority of the time it is just a waste of time. And then I go through here and I put in multiple questions to make sure they're qualified because if you don't do this, you will get dud leads and you'll complain, why is my lead quality so bad? And it's because you didn't verify the leads. All right. So what I recommend doing is going through here adding in about three to four qualifying questions to actually make sure that they answer those questions to prove to you that they are a high quality lead. Right? So what I recommend is having about three multiple choice questions. So you just ask things like how urgently do you need it done. Just any demonstration question like that. You know your business better than I do. So just write in whatever information you want before you get on a phone call with them or before you send them a quote. All right. But if you don't know what to write in here, you could add in things like what's the best form of contact. So you could have your answers as email, phone call, SMS, and they can just tap which answer that they like, right? And then you know exactly what type of contact method they'd like to speak to you through cuz some people don't like email, some people don't like text message, yada yada yada. And then I also recommend adding in a short answer question. This one should almost always be, "What is your phone number?" Okay? And then I leave this as minimum characters five and maximum characters 20. This way when I ask, they'll get a question like this. What is your phone number? And they'll just enter in their phone number manually. All right, we're going to also get their number down here after you put in the questions. So, we're going to get their email, full name, phone number. Make sure this isn't optional, okay? We need this from them. It is not an option. And then also, you can get the street address as well, just so you know exactly where they live. So, if you need to give a quote based off Google Maps or Real Estate.com or Zillow or anything like that where you can actually see the property online, this is a great way to do it. Okay. Now, you might get this little warning over here. Too many questions may reduce the form submission rate. That's what we want. That's good. Great job. You did great. All right. You did great, kid. That's exactly what we want. We want to reduce the amount of people that submit the form because it means that we're going to get rid of all the dud leads and all the people that don't know what they're doing and we're only going to get leads that actually know, okay, I want a quote. Okay? So, if you don't know why I made you write in a question that asks about their phone number and also give them a form later on where they actually have to fill out their number as well. This is just to verify that you get the correct phone number from them. Because sometimes people who started their Facebook account with an old phone number, when they go to these instant forms, Facebook will autofill out their details and use their number that they started Facebook with. All right, since they haven't updated and then you would complain, I got a dud lead because nobody answered the phone. But in reality, it was just an old lady who didn't really know what she was doing and she didn't double check that it was the correct phone number. So, we make sure by having this question here to really force the fact that we're going to get the correct number. So no matter what, it is guaranteed that we have the correct phone number. Okay. So now we're going to tap on next. And I recommend just putting in your privacy policy here. You can just link this to your website or you can tap on this bit and just remove it alto together. Tap on next. Now what I recommend here is just putting in expectations. So I keep this as thanks. You're all set. And then the description I will have this as you can expect us to call you within the next 24 to 48 hours or you can expect a quote in the next 24 to 48 hours. Just anything like that. just setting in expectations on what is going to happen next so they don't go willy-nilly going around slamming a bunch of other ads to make sure they can get a quote from everybody else because they know that you're locked in. You're going to give them a quote in x amount of time. Okay. Now, we can have the additional action as go to website and have this on, you know, our reviews or anything like that if we want them to go there. We could have this as read our reviews and then the link is literally just straight to our reviews on our website. Or you can have this as cool business. Put in your phone number here. just change this over to call now. This way, if they need you urgently, they can literally call you right after they've filled out the form and you have all their details already, so you don't need to grab it while you're on the phone. All right, once you're done with that, just tap on create form and then bang. What I recommend doing is just going over here, tapping on quick duplicate, and just making about five different variations of this ad. The only thing that I would change in the ad to do the testing is the actual image. That's all I would change. All right, and now you are a fantastic Facebook ads marketer. I hope you enjoyed this video. Please smash like. Look, if you did want an unfair advantage in your business, there's a link in the description to my advertising course. I'm not going to push you on it or sell you on it. If you do want that unfair advantage, go check it out. See you later. I don't know what to say.

  Top Comments:
  1. @danieldimsey7463: My advertising course 👉 https://serviceadscourse.com/lp
  2. @NathanParks-s3v: i built an add for a client following these exact steps and it's gotten rejected twice, any idea why? even used similar text to what you showed
  3. @NathanParks-s3v: these are awesome thanks
  4. @gensis251: Thank you !

- How To Run Facebook Ads For Beginners (2026 START UP GUIDE): Kind: captions Language: en In this video, you'll learn everything you need to know to run profitable Facebook ads for your drop shipping or e-commerce brand in 2026. So, if you've never run an ad before, the setup looks too overwhelming, or maybe you're worried about losing a bunch of money, then you're in luck and you're in the right place. Since 2021, I have generated over $7 million in revenue through Facebook or Meta Ads. And once you understand how simple they really are, you'll have wished that you started years ago. So today, I'll break down the whole setup process into four simple steps that anyone can follow. And by the end of this video, you'll be able to confidently launch your first Facebook ad campaign and finally start making that online money. Okay, so step one of this whole process is setting up your business manager. And don't worry, it's a quick process, so just follow along. First, you want to go to this website and log in with your Facebook account. And real quick, if for some reason you don't have an ecom store ready to sell yet, I got you. In the description, you'll also find a link to my free AI store builder that will build you a readyto-ell Shopify store loaded with winning products in just 5 minutes. So, as it says right here, the Meta Business Suite basically manages all your business activity across Facebook, Messenger, and Instagram. And once you get started with creating an account, then all you have to do is set up a Facebook page and that's how you can get access to the actual ads manager itself. So go ahead and click get started. Now once you put in a few basic fields of information, you'll get taken to the meta business suite that looks like this. Now the ads manager tab is right here, which is what we're going to dive into in a second. But to make sure you guys are prepared, I want to make sure that you have a Facebook page already set up and ready to go. If you don't know how to do this, it's super easy. When you're on Facebook itself, all you have to do is go over here to the left hand side where it says see more. Go to pages and then go ahead and click create page. Now, I've already created this page at the top here. That's just my name. And so, going back over to the Meta Business Suite. From there, all I have to do is click on ads manager. It's going to prompt you to set up your first ad account with a few basic fields of information. Just follow the process and you'll end up into a page that looks like this. This is where all your ad campaigns are going to be. On the lefth hand side, you have an account overview. You have some settings. You can set up some audiences and do a bunch of other stuff that comes later down the line. But for now, since we're just trying to set up our first ad campaign ever, all we have to do is go up here to the top left corner and hit this big green button that says create. Since I already have the ad account set up, I don't need to do this. But if you're setting up a brand new account, go to settings and make sure you fill out your business's information. It just requires your address and some other identification things to make sure you're a real person. Now, when you get to this page, things start to maybe look a little bit complicated, but don't worry because it's actually super simple and it's never been easier. So, since you have an e-commerce brand or a drop shipping store, just go down to the bottom where it says sales because that's your objective. You're looking for purchases and conversions. Go ahead and hit the blue button here that says continue. And then it's going to take you into your very first campaign. So, on the lefth hand side, we have the three different levels of the campaign. Right now, we're inside of the campaign level, which is the one at the very top. So, this is where you name the entire campaign that's going to run all of your ads. I'll just go ahead and call it test campaign. Now, you can keep these settings the same. And scrolling down a little bit, you're going to reach the budget category. So, I'd recommend spending at least $25 to $30 a day at the bare minimum. You can come out the gate with $50 or $100 or however much the account will let you. And it seems to be different every time based on a number of factors. But for me, I've never used this specific ad account before. And so the maximum daily spend is $43. So that's what I'll set it to. The reason why you wouldn't want to go under $20 is because at that point, you're basically just delaying the time that it takes for you to get enough data to see if your ads are doing well. Now, I'll explain a little bit more on that later when we're talking about reading the metrics of the campaign. But for now, the next thing that you want to do is head over to the next level of your campaign here, which is called the ad set. So, the ad set is basically a group or a collection of different ads that are going to be housed underneath it, which we'll get to in just a moment. So, for this one, I'll just call it ad set one. And you can really use whatever naming strategy you like to keep things clean and organized. Now, down here, it's going to say conversion location. We want to keep this on website, maximize number of conversions. And this is where you're going to be setting up your pixel. So your Facebook pixel is basically just a little snippet of code that gets installed on your website and it tracks all the different events that people will take on your website. An event is basically an action. So let's say an add to cart begin checkout process of course a purchase. And the reason why you want the pixel to be gathering all of this data is so it can get better and better at finding out who are the types of people who are most likely to take actions on my website and eventually make a purchase. So over time, the Facebook algorithm can get better and better at sniping out the customers that are right for you. Now, if you don't know how to set up your pixel, it's super simple. If you head over to your Shopify store and type in the search bar, Facebook, you're going to see Facebook and Instagram. Go ahead and click on that. It'll show up in the lefth hand side of your menu. And then all you have to do is go to settings, follow a couple of quick fields that are going to pop up, and then it's going to automatically install that code on the website for you. So, navigating back over to the ads manager, as far as the conversion event goes, same thing. You just want to select purchase here. And then go ahead and click setup conversion event. And what this is going to do is it's going to make sure that your pixel is indeed firing correctly and it will be tracking all of the purchases so they'll show up inside of your ad campaigns. Now, scrolling down, this is a key section. This is the budget and schedule section. And so, basically what you want to do here is you want to set your campaign to begin at midnight. And the reason why you want to do that is so the budget gets distributed effectively throughout the entire day. Like, it's pretty late. It's 9:30 p.m. for me right now. So, if I were to just launch the ads right this second, Facebook might try to do some weird stuff on me. It might try to spend all my budget within the next couple hours here and it might not reach my customers in the most efficient way, and you might end up wasting money. So, always set it up for midnight the next day. Now, scrolling down to the audience tab. This is where you can start to get specific and you can pick out who you want the ads to go to. Now, in theory, that sounds really good. 6 years ago, I would use this tab a lot. I'd be testing all different kinds of interests. But today, the Facebook algorithm is so good. It's collected so much data over its two billion users over the past two decades. And so, it's just going to be a lot better at finding people than you are. Even if you think you know exactly who's going to buy the product and you start getting hyper specific, you're maybe missing out on a whole different type of people who might be buying your product for a different reason. Like, let's say you're selling a baby product, right? and you think that the only people buying a baby product are going to be moms. Well, that might not be the case because people might be buying moms baby products as a gift. And so, Facebook is going to do its best job to find these different customer avatars or different people from different groups that would be purchasing your product. The only thing you really want to control here is the locations. And you want to set it to whatever markets you're able to ship to or however you run your business. For me, it's mostly just US and Canada. Facebook also has this feature that's relatively new called advantage plus. I recommend keeping it on. It's basically just saying that it's going to improve the performance over time with AI. And we'll get a little bit more into that when we reach the ad section, but it's going to allow the algorithm to have the freedom to serve up the right ad to the right person that it makes the most sense to go to, if that makes sense. Okay, so scrolling down a little bit, everything else we can pretty much leave as is. And now let's head over to the ad section. So this is the actual ad itself. I'll go ahead and turn on the ad preview on the side here so you can see how it looks. As far as the identity section goes, you want to make sure you have your Facebook page that you created connected. You have maybe an Instagram account connected if you plan on placing the ads on Instagram, too, which I'd recommend. So, maybe set up a quick Instagram for your brand if you don't have one already. And then same thing with Threads profile, although that happens automatically when you have an Instagram account, as it did for me here, too. All right, so now scrolling down to destination. This is actually really important, more important than people realize because most beginners or people who are running ads for the first time, they end up putting their homepage or their website URL here because it says website URL. You're probably scratching your head thinking, "Well, yeah, that's where I want to send people. What's wrong with that?" Well, there's nothing wrong with it, but you actually want to send people to the landing page, so the actual shopping page on your website instead of the homepage. And the reason for that is because you want to remove as much friction in the buying process as possible. If you send people to the website, maybe they'll get confused. Maybe they'll end up scrolling around and not actually buying the product. People have shorter attention spans than ever nowadays. And if they're interested in your ad, you want them to buy as quickly as possible. That's the whole essence of drop shipping. So, it's especially important if you're drop shipping. So, put the landing page to your product here and nothing else. Now, you can start to see things popping up on the right hand side here. you're going to get a little preview of how your ad's going to be looking at in all the different placements such as Instagram stories and Facebook feeds. So down here under ad creative is where you're now importing the video or images that you created. So if you click on image ad and you click next, this is where you can easily go ahead and upload the images of your product and it's going to show you how it's going to look across different ad placements. You're also going to get an option right here as well to give the primary text, the headline, and the description. It says one of five because you can add five different primary texts. And again, with Advantage Plus and Facebook's AI, it's automatically going to serve the text that it thinks will do best with the customer to the right customer. So, let's just go ahead and write buy 1 get one 50% off, buy 1 get one free, special Valentine's Day sale, and then headline the best deal of the century. Shop now. And then instead of learn more, you typically want to go and look for the shop now button. Click next. It's going to allow you to do some enhancements or improve your ads with some small features. And then you go ahead and click done. And just like that, you can now see that the ads are loaded up and it's going to show you how it looks across all the different placements. If you want to get more technical, if you want to start customizing these placements and making small changes, you can do so here. And I do encourage you to spend a little bit of time, much more than I did, thinking about what the text, the headline, and the description will actually be and then taking a look at how it will look. Now, the Advantage Plus campaign is going to go ahead and also give you some recommendations on how to improve your campaign as well. And the crazy part is just like that, you literally set up your very first ad campaign ever. And all you have to do is hit this little green button down here that says publish. And once it's published, it's going to look something like this. Remember, it's not going to start until midnight. and you're not going to get any data coming in yet. But when you check back in 24 hours, that's when things will start to get interesting and you can start to read the data. Now, as far as reading the data goes, what you can do is you can customize these columns at the top. So, you can see all different kind of metrics about how your ads are performing. If you click on here where it says columns, all you have to do is click customize columns. Then you can start to add the most key metrics that you're looking for right here. And then go ahead and click apply. But if you have no clue what you're looking for when it comes to should I scale or should I kill my ad campaign, then listen carefully. Cost per acquisition or your CPA is king. The first thing that you need to do is you need to determine how much you can spend on your ads to profitably acquire a new customer. And to do that, the formula is quite simple. So to find your break even CPA, you take the average order value on your store and you multiply that by the gross margin. So, let's say that every time a customer buys from your store, on average, you get $60 in revenue. And let's say that your gross margin is 60%. So, basically, 40% of that $60 you have to spend on fulfilling the product. Then, all you have to do is take the $60, multiply it by 60%, and you find out that your break even CPA is $36. Now, the rule of thumb here is if your CPA is below break even, so you're profitable, then you want to scale carefully. If your CPA is 10 to 20% above break even, so maybe it's costing you $40 to get a purchase, then you're in the optimization window. If your CPA is way above break even and you're just not acquiring customers or customers are costing you hundreds of dollars in spend, then kill the campaign. Another key metric you should be looking at is the 3second view rate. So generally on Facebook, you want to look for 30% or more. That's quite strong and it shows you that people are really engaging with your ads and the content you've created is interesting. If it's 20 to 30% workable, but it could probably use some more optimization or changes. And if it's below 20%, that's a good indication that it's a bad ad. Next, you have CTR or click-through rate. So, this is the percentage of people that see your ad and then decide to click on it and go to your website. Generally, looking at 1.5% and above is quite healthy. If you're below that or under 1%, then you should definitely optimize or start making new ads. It's likely that you have a bad angle or a weak offer. Another metric to keep in mind is your CPC or your cost per click. So, if the CTR is high, meaning that tons of people are clicking on your ad, but the cost per click is also high, then maybe it's a targeting mismatch and your ads are just going to the wrong people or you're in a super competitive market and you should probably switch the marketing angle and try to find a new customer avatar. If the CTR is very low and the CPC is also high, then that just tells you it's a bad creative and it's costing you a ton of money to drive any kind of clicks. Now, I could go on and on about all the different metrics that you could read, but remember, CPA is king, and you want to make sure your creative is good by looking at the 3-se secondond view rate as well as the CTR and how the CTR compares with the CPC. I hope you're still with me. I know if it's your first time hearing this stuff, probably doesn't even sound like English, but really, this is all you need to know, and it is a lot simpler than people make it out to be. Just start running your first ads, and you'll figure things out along the way. Now, for the last step of this whole process, you need to make sure you know how to avoid getting your ad account banned or restricted. Because let me tell you from experience, nothing sucks more than waking up one morning and seeing zero dollars on your dashboard because your ad account got shut down overnight. But before we jump into that, if you're someone who wants step-by-step mentorship and guidance, someone over the shoulder there with you in the ad account on your store helping you optimize and reach success, then I'm so excited to present to you my new partnership with AutoDS. And no, this is not just some 24-year-old guru on the internet trying to sell you on a course. This is the biggest and best drop shipping platform in the world with over 200 employees who has already revolutionized the game and now they're entering the coaching space and opening up the biggest mentorship for drop shipping in the entire world. I'm so lucky and so excited to be a part of it and able to promote it. So, if you want more information, I'll leave that link down below in the description. Now, back to not getting banned. So, it all comes down to three simple steps I want you to follow. First, as I mentioned in the beginning, make sure all of your business information is set up correctly in the meta business suite and on your ads manager because Facebook is really picky about making sure you're a real person, you're not a bot and things like that. So, the last thing that you want to do is piss them off by putting in some incorrect information or not filling it out at all. Second thing you want to do is keep your creative safe. you know, read the terms and policies if you absolutely must, but generally no sexualized content, no weaponry, no explosive, no drugs, just no crazy You know the drill. And third, don't go from spending, you know, $20 a day on your ad account all of a sudden to $300 the next day. No normal person is scaling like that, and Facebook actually doesn't like to see it either. They see you doing that, they might end up imposing further restrictions on your account, flagging it, and then looking into things deeper and at some point shutting you down. So, I just really wouldn't recommend scaling like a madman. And honestly, I wouldn't recommend doing it anyway. It's not the healthy way to scale up profitably. So, just like that, we covered everything you need to know to launch your very first Facebook ad campaign. If you want to see me putting this into practice live, I recently attempted a 7-day drop shipping challenge from scratch. Spoiler alert, it didn't go as planned, but I'll leave it on screen if you want to watch it here next. Anyways, thank you guys so much for watching. I really appreciate all the support. I can't wait to keep making great videos for you guys. And don't forget to leave me a like, subscribe to the channel, and I'll see you guys next week.

  Top Comments:
  1. @macrocolonel [5 likes]: this video had that super smooth “easy to binge” energy where every scene actually felt connected 😭 clean pacing, satisfying editing and zero moments that felt random or dragged out
  2. @madsrasmussen4306 [3 likes]: Thank you, man, I really appreciate it! I genuinely found this video very helpful, and I'm so excited to start ads on my new company, where I have an ad spend of 2-3 thousand euro a month. I wanted to learn it myself instead of just having an ad agency, because I wanted to make sure that I could actually do it in case I ever went bankrupt.
  3. @DeVilleSunblock [2 likes]: Really helpful content, can't wait for the next video
  4. @Bigjyv794 [1 likes]: You are way too fast, you are not beginner friendly. You are jumping way too fast, which makes it very diificult to follow. You sound more like a robot.
  5. @jfenn1 [1 likes]: let’s say you’re running ads for a client, do you run them from your account or do you run them from their account. not sure if i’m making sense but appreciate any help, thanks.
  6. @OluwatimilehinSamuel-pl5fs [1 likes]: What if I don't want to use a website
  7. @LindaH-k1g: Thank you for the great video 😊

I do have a couple of follow-up questions though:

1. Would you not recommend creating two separate ad sets for warm and engaged customers and cold audiences? Or is it better to simply go with the suggested audience targeting?
F2. or a smaller company with a limited budget, would you recommend having one sales campaign per category, or rather one broader sales campaign containing multiple categories/ad sets?
  8. @delonshamon: Do you have one for YouTube?
  9. @WenboJia-r8b: Very helpful man, thank you very much!
  10. @_MCDUCK_: Reading Smart Broke Dumb Rich by Zor Veyl hit me hard. I finally understood my parents were not bad with money. They just never got the right information. The game was rigged before they even started.
  11. @PrasaadJadhavs-d7m: Brother whats ur take on the new AI platforms which genrally doing ads etc like kopa, zeely etc
  12. @wildlife-c4e: Love from Pakistan 🇵🇰 this is really awesome way you explained.
  13. @ssjgarfield: And you already lost me.
  14. @xmarsol: ... who starts telling new beginners to start running facebook ads with a a SALES campaign.... YOU failed most at start.. Your basically allowing them to burn their money... smh and YOU KNOW THIS
  15. @tzvetat4324: Thanks for the tutorial. I followed step by step, but when using the ADVANTAGE ON, facebook doesn't allow to add the 5 cards you mentioned in the video. Is this something NEW after your video?
  16. @heathersudbrock: Great stuff! Thank you!
  17. @haashimbassier: If I want to start running ads for other businesses, that means that I would have to log into their Facebook business manager ?
  18. @teezyjugg8185: Click Bait ‼️‼️
  19. @DiggingDoYahoo: Love the way you explain things, very clear and professional.
  20. @jennizersarmiento783: Hi, your video is great. How about cost per lead for a coaching service offering a free strategy call?
Also, how do we compute the cost per booked call?

- The NEW BEST Facebook Ads Strategy for 2026: Kind: captions Language: en Andromeda has changed everything. And most strategies just don't work anymore. Costs are up and profits have tanked. Everyone running ads who figured out what was working has had a massive unfair advantage. In this video, I'll show you step-by-step the new best Facebook ad strategy and how to set it up so you can stop day trading your ad account and get back to scaling your business. I'm opening up my ad account where I spend my money. I'm going to share my screen real quick and show you the exact structure and more importantly, why we structure it this way. This is the modern version of the one campaign method which we now call Andromeda one. Ad set one is the control. This is our benchmark, a small set of proven ads and ideally there's a good mix of images and videos. These aren't winners forever, they're just the most stable ads that are good enough to scale from and rely on. Ad sets two and three are tests. Each one contains a single 322 ad and these two ad sets should be thought of as an AB test. And these ads have one specific job, to improve or even replace the worst ad inside the control ad set. Also, in a little bit I'm going to show you exactly how to identify the worst ad because I think most people pick the wrong one. We're not testing to find the next winner to scale and abuse. Remember, Facebook ads are a team sport. We want to find the worst player on the team and replace them so that we can win more often. Now let's talk about how to judge a test. This is the part most experts get wrong and this is the most important part of scaling any account. We're not judging the test by any individual ad metric, CPA, ROAS, CTR, hook rate, none of that. Those are diagnostics. The goal is money. We only need to ask one stupid simple question. Did the campaign's profit volume go up? And by that I mean total revenue minus total ad spend. If yes, we just created more money to reinvest so we can scale the budget. If no, the test is a loser. That's it. Real quick, if you like this video, please go ahead and like this video and subscribe so you don't miss anything else and share it with all of your friends. YouTube loves that and that's how we help put back the fiction so that everyone can see more success and less stress. Also, check out Disruptor Academy. We just launched a brand new course on Andromeda one. Literally soup to nuts everything you need from setup to scale. Automated rules for low budgets, high budgets, literally everything you need to see more success and less stress. The link is right there. All right, that being said, let's get back to it. Budget behavior is the signal and the three-step testing process I'm about to show you is where Andromeda one gets really powerful. After we launch the test ads, we wait. And then, step one, delivery. Did the ads earn spend? If the answer is no, the ads aren't competitive and the test is basically dead on arrival and we start over. Step two, evaluation. What happens to the campaign if the answer is yes? If the test earns spend and the profit volume goes up, the test is winning regardless of what any individual ad metric says. And if the test earns spend and the profit volume drops, it's a loser and we start over. And then step three, scale. If profit volume went up, we have more money to invest so we increase the budget. And you continue to scale until profit volume stops improving and then you're back to testing. It doesn't matter if any of your new ads are winners or if your ROAS goes from two to 20. If profit didn't go up, it's a loss. Only the business outcome matters because it's not about any individual ad, it's about the whole team. And if we can't scale the budget, we need to make the team better. Now, a little earlier I promised I would show and it's also stupid simple. When I evaluate ads, I don't start with ROAS. ROAS is a ratio. It can look amazing while you make less money. We want to make more money. So what we care about is gross profit per transaction. I call it GPT and yes, you can build it as a custom metric in your dashboard. Here's how to do it. Here's why this matters. Ad A could be a 4x ROAS on a $10 CPA with a $40 AOV. That's a $30 gross profit. Ad B could be a 2x ROAS on a $60 CPA with a $120 AOV. That's a $60 gross profit. Half the ROAS, double the profit. So when we evaluate an ad, the stupid simple question is, does the ad have a GPT above campaign average? If not, that's when we want to try to replace. This stupid simple structure gives you something most advertisers never get. Certainty. Because we know exactly what changed and when it changed and what it did to the bottom line of the business. We can say things like, "That new hook increased profit volume." Or, "That angle brought in a higher AOV customer." No guessing, no emotional attachment, no subjective view based on attribution. And here's the hidden upside, the cross-channel effect. When you improve the quality of who you bring in and keep your traffic consistent, everything downstream gets better. Let's take a step back to look at what's really happening. Our creative testing upgrades the customer quality coming into the store. And because all spend runs through one system, Meta's Andromeda gets better at matching the right ad to the right buyer. And because we're not launching hundreds of random ads, all of our customers begin to look and feel and behave the same. Then we scale the budget to buy more of those higher quality customers. And all of that means that our site converts better, search and email pick up more revenue and even returning customer revenue also climbs. And that's the point. We're making the business better by buying better customers. That's why we judge success by the bank account, not just by platform ROAS. I don't really give a about ROAS. And this is the difference between optimizing ads like a performance marketer and being an operator scaling a business. I think about it like this, hunters versus farmers. Hunters lived in caves for 100,000 years living and dying by their ability to feed themselves today. Hunters measure success by ROAS and daily CPA. They ask, "Did this ad work today? What's my cost right now? Did it hit immediately?" They live and die by short-term swings. Once humanity learned how to farm, we went from living in caves to building empires and putting a man on the moon. We are in the empire building business. If you want to scale to the moon, you have to start thinking like a farmer. Farmers focus on feeding as many people as possible. One corn plant can produce three or four pounds of food and you can plant 10 other corn plants from what you don't eat. So for the same amount of work, over time you go from four pounds of food to 400 because you're focusing on building a better system and that's what farming is. Farmers focus on total profit and growth. Their job isn't to chase win after win, it's to build a system that works and to protect it and to scale it with the resources that system builds for itself. And that's what Andromeda one is actually optimizing for, similarity to produce scale. We're increasing the volume of high quality data flowing into the platform so it gets better at matching the right message to the right buyer and finding more of your best customers. Now, before you copy this structure, we have to talk about budget. Because a lower budget changes the rules just a little bit. If your budget isn't high enough to reliably get more than one ad set out of the learning phase, then everything lives in one ad set. Your control and your tests are just ads inside of the same ad set. Then you follow a simple ladder. One ad set until you can afford to get one testing and one control ad set. And then you scale until you can afford two testing ad sets. And even when I'm spending a million a month like I showed you before, I don't have more than two testing ad sets. Once you get there, you're done. You're ready to scale to the moon. So now that you understand what Andromeda one really is, it's not a tactic or a hack and it's definitely not a structure you copy and paste from a screenshot. It's a decision to stop being a hunter and to start being a farmer. It's choosing a system you can run every week, not a lucky ad you hope doesn't die. Now that you understand that, next we need to talk about the ad itself. I got to show you the exact ad format I use, how to build it and how to feed the algorithm the kind of data it needs to actually scale because the best structure in the world won't scale if your ads aren't teaching Meta to win and that is exactly what this next video is all about. >> [music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @jendoubianis5323 [14 likes]: This guy is absolutely breaking the game.
I’ve been following media buyers on YouTube for more than 6 years, and honestly, I’ve never seen someone explain Meta Ads with this level of depth and clarity.

You can tell this isn’t recycled content; this is real experience and real mastery. Respect.
  2. @MartinBenesCreative [3 likes]: It would be nice you actually would show how to decide which ad inside the adset should be turned off. Since all of them are part of the “team”, which one you turn off? Sometime you can turn off a non performer on numbers but maybe it was a crucial part of the success for other ads in the same adset.
  3. @gepa-c5x [2 likes]: I'm tired of this guy. He claims to provide a step-by-step guide, but in reality, he just provides a philosophical opinion without real execution. Watched more than 20 videos, not worth it
  4. @HaroXII [2 likes]: Great video! Can you make another video on a detailed version of this strategy for low budgets? If all ads are in one set, doesn’t adding new ones to test restart learning? Also if all spend continues going to the winner do we kill the test in the same ad set? I’d love a more detailed video with maybe a demonstration. Keep up the good work
  5. @ji9arsoni [1 likes]: 4:33 The ROAS framing makes sense per sale, but doesn't the volume math completely flip the conclusion? Ad A at $10 CPA gets you 6 customers for every 1 that Ad B gets at $60 CPA — same budget, $180 profit vs $60. At scale, the "lower ROAS" ad wins by 3x. Isn't optimising toward higher AOV just a slower path to growth unless your margins are structurally different?
  6. @vitorriseriomkt [1 likes]: This helped me a lot. Greetings from Brasil ✍🤓🇧🇷
  7. @matejantoncic9342 [1 likes]: @CTtheDisrupter how do you deal with campaigns on a small budget — one ad set only, with a few proven winners?

How would you test a new 3-2-2 setup in the same adset, if we currently don’t have Flex, DCT, or the new workflow available? 🤔
  8. @deanfrost90 [1 likes]: Question: If qualified, feel free to answer... 1 campaign. 3ad sets running. 1 flex ad in each ad set. 3 videos in each flex ad. I have 3 winners, 1 from each ad set in each flex ad. NOW! what??? lol
  9. @stanimirnikolov7934 [1 likes]: I launch a CBO campaign with a $60 budget, and I always split the ad sets into two: one for videos and one for static banners.
  10. @DaEnvoy [1 likes]: Amazing video! 
Quick question. Well, 2 quick questions:
1) Is the one campaign structure for the whole account or is it one campaign per product group, avatar etc?
2) What is a good budget for starting to launch 1 testing ad set and then the second one?
  11. @evgeniyperinov2465 [1 likes]: So if i have understood correctly if one ad doesnt get any spend from the 5 olympic circles i should stop it and change it(if it is an image of a review most of the time wont spend or at least not much)Am i right to stop the ad and replace it with another review image/video
  12. @carlosnobleza1665 [1 likes]: I always watch videos at 2x speed if not 1.5x. This is the first time I'm watching in normal speed and rewinding. This stuff is GOLD. At the end of the day we want ours/client's businesses to scale and do that as sustainable as we can.
  13. @sjaikdjorai5793 [1 likes]: Can this strategy also work for live events that take place across the country? The events are free of charge for visitors.

Thank you for sharing your valuable content.
  14. @JaridOrgeron [1 likes]: There is one authority on FB ads - Charlie…and then there’s everyone else.
  15. @brianedwardsu7404 [1 likes]: Oh how disappointing LOL - thought you will show STEP BY STEP?
  16. @PoojaPadalia-r4l [1 likes]: Great video ❤ one quick question please — i was watching your video about creative testing. when you add new creatives, do you also tag your catalogue/products in them? In our case, Meta mostly shows the catalogue products connected to the ad in a carousel format instead of the actual creative.
  17. @kirstenschroeder9891 [1 likes]: Love the video! So it's a cbo with control and test? So as the test ones do well move the ad to the control? on/off from there? I'm spending 1000 day, so when I up the budget based on results - it's across the full campaign right? no abo?
  18. @slimnik404 [1 likes]: Hey Charley,
doesn't adding new ads to the same ad set reset learning phase?
  19. @davidemoretti5888 [1 likes]: What advice would you give for a clothing e-commerce site with a daily budget of €100 that offers multiple collections and products? For example, should I run a CBO campaign with separate ad sets—one for each collection (jackets, shirts, T-shirts, jeans)—or should I run a dedicated CBO campaign for each product type or collection? 

Thank you for your response, I love your contents. ☺
  20. @Siimonte [1 likes]: Great video. What about products like nasal strips that solve multiple problems? One, in a sense - breathing. But in several contexts - sleep, exercise etc. Two separate ad-sets for different contexts or one general? Thanks!

- The Best Facebook Ads Strategy for 2026 (Post Andromeda): Kind: captions Language: en Once Meta dropped their Andromeda update, I saw hundreds of comments of people reporting that their return on ad spends dropped from really high three, six, even 10, all the way down to barely breaking even. And even though tens of thousands of advertisers spending hundreds of millions of dollars in Facebook ads have freaked out, the truth is is that this is just another time when you need to adapt. If you do, you can gain a massive advantage over all of your competition. And this is exactly what we've done over the past few months. Like this brand that drove $108,000 in revenue in just seven days. Or like this Shopify store that grew 141% quarter over quarter during the exact time that Andromeda was released. So to help you get back on track and start this year off with a bang, I'm going to share everything that you need to do to get your ad account in the best possible position for 2026. So to kick things off, a good lay of the land is what did Facebook used to look like and what does it look like now? Before Andromeda, what would happen is we would select our audience and then we'd make a bunch of creative for that audience. And ideally what we would do is we would spend as much as possible against an audience that worked for us with a creative that worked. Then Andromeda releases and we move to a space where the concept actually creates the audience for us. So our objective goes from a place where we want to select our audience and select our creative to match to the concept automatically being matched to the audience. So people have said things like creative is the targeting which is true but the important part that you need to understand is it's not as simple as just uploading your ads. You need to have a system in place to develop as many great concepts as possible cuz what you want to happen over time is you want to create a bunch of different concepts in your account. Ideally each of these concepts convert at different rates. For example, concept number one might only spend 10% of your budget, but do so at a 5x return on ad spend. Concept number two might spend 90% of your budget, but do so at a 2x. And I could obviously go down the list here, but in old school Facebook, you would push all of your spend to the first concept here. New school Facebook post Andromeda, we like both concept A and concept B because each of these concepts is above our target, which I'm assuming is a 2x return on ad spend for this example. So, if you are just starting, this is your very first day running ads, and you're like, "What the heck do I do? I just entered Facebook ads, and this thing looks like I'm the captain of a ship. There's so many buttons, I don't know what to click." I'm going to keep this really simple. For day one of running ads, all I would like to create, if it was my first day running ads, is a single prospecting campaign with three ad sets. I have never said this before, if you've been watching my videos for the last three plus years, you've never heard me say this. This is something I've pushed more so than ever before because I've seen it be successful. The first ad set that you want to create is a pure 100% broad ad set. The other two adets are interestbased adsets. What I've seen most recently with Andromeda is that the pixel takes a little bit longer to learn, but once it learns, it runs. What I like to do is I like to give it two interest groups that are most applicable to my business. Whatever your category is, find the most niche slash smallest brand that you could possibly target in Facebook ads and run with that as your first interest group. Your second interest group, you could literally do the same thing. All we're trying to do with these two interest groups is guide the algorithm so that over time our broad audience, which is by far our most important thing, is starting to get more and more spend against the right people. So, what this will look like in your ad account is you'll have a prospecting CBO campaign. You'll have your broad pack one with all of your creatives grouped in together. And then you'll have a few interest groups. At the campaign level, we're using campaign budget always all the time. We're always using highest volume or value when we're just starting. And we're setting up our audience segment reporting. If you do not have these set up, make sure you include your engaged audiences, which are your 30-day site visitors, your 90-day ad to carts, and your existing customers, which are lists of your entire customer base. Inside of our broad pack, our conversion location is always website. Our performance goal is always maximize number of conversions. And our conversion event is always purchase. Don't fall for add to carts. Don't fall for initiate checkouts. You need to use the purchase events. Otherwise, you're literally telling Facebook you want to do something that is not actually the end goal. And scrolling down to the audience section for your broad pack of your very first day of running ads. Then yeah, you're going 100% broad. It should say advantage plus on. There should be no exclusions in place. and you should just let this rip. We're going to put all our placements on, letting Facebook do its thing as much as possible. The interest group is going to be a little bit different. Every setting up top is exactly the same, except when we scroll down to the audience section. In the audience section, we're going to select our exact single detailed targeting. And I have something here that we're going to get to a little bit down the line when we start excluding customers. But you can leave your exclusions completely open if it's your first day of running ads. And just like before, our placements stay wide open. Now, your goal here, if it's your first day, is just get your ads in. Look at what ads are working the best and go ahead and make more of them. It also would be a really good move here to look at your competitors, look at what they're doing, and try to copy with your own flare of what they're doing the best. Moving on to the state of under $3,000. The big difference here in this stage is that we're basically running our prospecting exactly the same. There's no significant change in our prospecting. You can keep your interest. You could also delete your interest if you want to. And as you can see down here in my under 3K section, I've added an existing customer bucket. That existing customer bucket is a new campaign that I am specifically and only targeting all of my existing customers. The reason for this is Facebook has a tendency to overspend on your existing customers. And we want to break that out as early as possible. We want prospecting to truly be new acquisition and we want existing customers to truly be a retention effort. The way that we do this is really simple. Again, we're keeping our prospecting basically the same. If those interests are working, keep them. If they're not working and the broad's doing most of the work, cut the interest and just keep the broad. So, really, we're just creating our retention campaign here. And the only thing we really need to focus on is inside of the ad set. Everything stays exactly the same, same settings we went over before, except our audience. In our audience, we have to do two very important things. First, we have to include an audience. So, make sure you include your purchasers over the last 180 days. And if you have an alltime list from like Clavio or something, get that in here as well. Do not select this button right here that says use as a suggestion. If you do select this, Facebook is allowed to go beyond your list, which is not what you want at all. You want this to very clearly be a retention effort just against your purchasers. So unselect this. And then there's going to be an option that says further limit the reach of your ads. And let me show you what this looks like. So right here, this is what it will look like if you don't click further limit the reach of your ads. You want to click further limit the reach and then again further limit the reach. Click continue. It's a big roadblock there. When you do this, you then have to go back into your inclusion and unselect use as a suggestion. If you don't do this, Facebook is technically just treating this as a source and then it's going to expand beyond it. That's not what we want to do here. Now, during this phase of around $3,000, your objective remains the same. All you really want to do is take your best creatives and make more of them and then take iterations of those best creatives and continue to again produce more. Once we get beyond $3,000, beyond a hundred bucks a day, it's time to introduce the pack system. Now, the pack system is one of the most important systems that you could possibly integrate into your account because it a keeps you organized and b works with the algorithm so that you have a mix of control plus allowing the CBO to actually do its work. So, what I have on my screen probably looks like a monster. However, it's actually really simple and this system builds with you over time. We have some accounts that have 70 packs that are either active or were active at one point. So, how this works is every time you launch new creatives, you launch a new pack. For example, if I had four new creatives, whether they were all statics, all videos, even if they were catalog, I would throw them into a new ad set every single time. What's really happening here is we're not resetting the learnings at the campaign level, and we're not resetting learnings or interfering with anything at the ad level. All we're doing is introducing all new things that are starting from scratch. And if Facebook thinks that these ads within this new pack are good, it's going to start to spend money against this pack. So between $3 to $10,000, as we were just addressing, this is the first introduction of the pack system. You ideally want to launch all broad packs and you take your best winners and you graduate those into interest groups. What this looks like in practice is you're taking your first broad pack, you're literally creating pack number two with the exact same settings and getting your next round of creative. The idea here is that as you build your account, you get more and more and more creatives. Yes, you're going to have a larger amount of adsets. You're going to have a big campaign in here, but you have a hyper competitive environment. And that means that Facebook will determine where to spend your money. If this adset's doing better, more money is going to go to this adset. If it starts to fatigue, which is going to happen, then that cash is actually going to go down to a different high-erforming pack. So, we actually create almost a flywheel within our prospecting campaign that actually prevents us from making manual intervention by pausing ads. And it also helps us because as things fatigue, it's going to redistribute that spend to other high performing places. And again, in that 3 to 10k range, we're looking at a prospecting and an existing customer campaign. Really, at this point, you've learned some things. You've spent some money. If you've been running ads for a longer period of time, then you've really learned some things. You've really spent some money. So if something worked, for example, like interest when you first started out, just like I said in the under 3K mark, don't be scared to keep that in your 3 to 10k mark. And now the part that everyone including myself starts to really geek out about. We're going to introduce our scaling mechanism. So the way that this really works is your top performing ads get graduated into what I call the winners's bucket. This bucket is imaginary. It doesn't mean anything. Just think of it as the holding ground for all your best ads. What we do with those winners is two things. First, we graduate them down below into our interest groups. The reason we graduate these into our interest groups is because now creative isn't the variable for if an interest is successful. Interest groups need to be tested for the interest, not for the creative. If I put different creative in every single interest group, we wouldn't know if the creative is the reason the interest is doing well or if the interest targeting is the reason it's doing well. After we graduate into the interest, we graduate into what I call an ASC scale campaign. Now, ASC is kind of old school Facebook. Call it what you want. This is just my old brain doing this for so long calling it an ASC. It's really just a 100% broad campaign. So, in my actual account, I literally call this scale. I call the one ad set scale and I throw all my ads in here. This campaign doesn't do anything magical. All this does is guarantee that I could spend more money against my top performing ads within this adset. Just like before, we're excluding all of our existing customers. We want this to very specifically just target net new acquisition. Now, during this 10 to 30k range, I call this the messy middle. This is the spot that most brands get stuck. This is both a mental trap and actually a roadblock that is real. The mental trap part of this is that most brands can't physically get over the hump of spending more than $1,000 per day. It feels like a big hit to their bottom line, and it is. It's a lot of money that you're spending. The real roadblock here is that you begin to overspend just like before on existing and engaged audiences. The objective of all paid advertising is to get new customers to your website. Everything you do after that, like delivering really good value of your product, email campaigns, SMS campaigns, engaging with your customers on social media, that's how you keep existing customers coming back over and over. And of course, we have an ad effort to do that just a little bit. But people that are pure prospects, they've never even heard of you before. maybe they've seen one or two ads like the post something really small. That's the focus of Facebook. So, what I would urge everyone to do in this 10 to 30k range is make sure that the roadblock that you're actually facing is a real roadblock and make sure you're spending as much money as possible on new customer acquisition and you're not overspending on existing and engaged, which you can see easily in your audience segments. I will also take this moment to say that at the Moonlighters, we work with brands in this range. So, as long as you're spending $20,000 per month and you're in the 1 to10 million revenue mark, then go to the moonlighters.com/apply to see if you're a fit to work with us. Worst case, you talk to someone on my team for 10 minutes, you don't like us, and you come back and you get your free value right here. Best case, you're a client like the hundreds that we have worked with successfully scaling their businesses profitably. Once we get beyond 30K, you're going to see really quickly that things get big. Your account's going to start growing. you're spending a,000, $2,000, $3,000 a day. Things are moving quickly and things become more fluid. What I mean by fluid is in this stage, you'll tend to see budgets go up and down in very large degrees very quickly. You can go from spending $1,000 a day to $3 or $4,000 a day if things are going right and then right back down to a,000 or $2,000 a day when it's time to appropriately pull back. Now, during this period, we have the same prospecting CBO system as before. Everything else is maintaining exactly the same in this prospecting campaign. We have our scale. Now these two red brackets represent our new customer acquisition. We then have our existing customer effort which is going to represent retention. And then finally we have the new addition of retargeting. Now retargeting here is going to be very very important as we continue to grow. And the reason I add retargeting in here is specifically because we start to see the overspending in prospecting in the scaling campaign happen more so at this 30k plus range than ever. What I would advise most brands to do at this stage is to add add to cart plus site retargeting. What that usually means is add to cart 90 days and site visitors 30 days. I would generally match this with my engaged audiences that I had previously set up. And there's something really important that you need to know in this stage because as you start to spend more money, you're going to run into a CBO roadblock. The classic CBO roadblock that I know a lot of advertisers have run into is that one ad set gets the majority of the spend and then your new adsets don't have any opportunity to actually spend and be tested. So the way that we solve this is in our adsets, we scroll down to our budget and schedule setting and then we click adset spending limits. When you click adset spending limits, change this from use percentage to use dollar value and set your daily minimum to one time your target cost per acquisition. If your target CPA is 50 bucks, you put 50 bucks here. So, I'd mark my daily minimum as $50. And I would let this run for no greater than 7 days. There's a maximum of 7 days. And here's how you need to think about it. If the spend on this adset is above $50 every day after I set the minimum, then you could safely remove this adset spending limit and it's going to spend more than the $50 you have set. That's easy. If it's exactly at the $50 minimum, then you'll also know unfortunately that this is not a scalable adset and you could again remove the minimum. The only odd case where you can keep this minimum is if it's driving a high return on ad spend for you and it's not spending more than your minimum that you set. For example, if I set 50 and my target was two, but I was getting a four return on ad spend, then I would keep this. In fact, I'd probably be a little crafty here and increase that 50 up to 100 bucks or even greater to force some more spend on this ad set. And now for the big time spenders. We're talking $100,000 plus. I know by many people's standards, $100,000 is actually not too much to spend in ads, but other folks will look at 100K and think that is astronomically larger than I could ever imagine. Think about it like this. If you went from 3,000 to 6,000, would you really think that is huge? Probably not. But if you went from 100 to 200 or even 300, that feels really big because the actual number of dollars in and out is significantly greater. But in percentages, which is what a lot of this needs to be dealt with, you're not actually scaling too much. So when I say 100K plus, I truly mean well beyond 100. Now, the crazy part here is you probably notice from 30 to 100, we have generally the same setup, but there's a few nuances that need to be addressed. At this point, you have a lot of creative flowing in. And I like to use a rule for how much creative you actually need to be uploading into your ad account to grow it. My best piece of advice is to use the rule of 10,000. For every $10,000 you spend per month in advertising, you need to upload that many ads per week. For example, if you spend $100,000, you should upload 10 ads per week. If you spend $500,000, you should upload 50 ads per week. And no, that doesn't include size variance. That doesn't include little tiny iterations. I'm talking about different ads. This sounds crazy cuz it is crazy. It's hard. It's very hard to do. And even though we're working in the same system that we were at 30K, things naturally get bigger. You run a sale, you have a different campaign that needs to stay on, you have different parts of your business that are active. So don't think that just because I'm saying these are the four campaigns, it's all said and done. That's not necessarily true. Usually, most of the brands that we're working with have significantly greater and larger ad accounts because in time we find different things that work. And just like I said at the beginning of this video, we never shut something down that's actively working. Now, when you get to 100K plus, really beyond this, you have to start to factor in some other pieces. First, I really like to involve cost caps at this stage. I think cost caps, bid caps, or even target rorowaz is a fantastic way to sustain your return on ad spend or your cost per acquisition. and let spend be a little bit more variable. This is very important. Next is it's a good opportunity to implement things like day parting and week parting. You likely can very easily see which days of the week perform better for your business. So spend more money on those days. In fact, go into your Shopify right now, find those days and figure out, are you spending more on your better performing days? If not, this is one of the easiest things you can do to get 10 even 20% better performance without touching a thing. And finally, this is a big tip for big advertisers out there. Use incremental attribution. Gone are the days of 7-day click. Gone are the days of one day click. 7-day click one day view is typically a little bit too big when you're at this sort of stage. So either evaluate or actually use incremental attribution because you're going to have a massive halo effect. You're going to have a lot of referrals, a lot of word of mouth that's growing. We really want to understand what are the purchases that happen because of Facebook. It's exactly what incremental attribution does. Now, I just broke down my entire strategy for you. And if you want to see the step-by-step implementation of this, the actual document that describes everything that I just went through, the flowcharts, and way more, then click the link down in the description where I give you my full 22page M3 guide. And last, if you want to see how you can multiply your static ad output to create a content machine, click this video right here where I take you step by step on how to use Google's new Nano Banana 3 completely for free to multiply your creative output. That's all for today. I hope everyone got a ton of value out of this video and I will see you in the next

  Top Comments:
  1. @SamPiliero [2 likes]: 👉 Work with me and my team: go.themoonlighters.com/apply-l125
👉 Join my coaching program: go.themoonlighters.com/skool-l125
  2. @RachelledelaRosa [1 likes]: Thanks for sharing. I'm interested in the data points shared correlating andromeda update vs. the creative spend of the most successful companies.
  3. @deitykush [1 likes]: Please direct me to the beginner campaigns for people who are going there but not there yet
  4. @missolivia-eng [1 likes]: Please, I want to understand if I can do this per product or I do it all in 4 campaign for my whole store?
  5. @jordanamber.s [1 likes]: Super helpful!
  6. @beba4480: But you said in another video the propsecting is always new audiences. No engaged audiences
  7. @ChiragTailor-y2g: Whats the difference between an interest ad set and a broad ad set? Who am I targeting with the interest ad set?
  8. @HappywhereIamLife: why should we start new ads out in high volume vs CPRG ?
  9. @arminschnurer5116: First of all - thanks for the video!
For testing why not use an ABO Setup? So we can make sure each AdSet (concepts) gets the same amount of budget? So we can better compare - and CBO in the scaling campaign?
  10. @TheMinecraftguy65: In the video you mention ecom, can this same strategies work for local service based businesses?
  11. @shopolis: will this strategy work for supplement ads?
  12. @nickdoherty1580: Great video! Is the scale campaign a CBO too?
  13. @danjeffery6394: I assume, for example, $3k, means $3k spend per day?
  14. @BurningBliss67: Do you really think that people that are spending $10k a day are watching this ??  Please consider talking about us beginners that are learning
  15. @thainamemali: Great source🎉 Thank you.
  16. @lanaleksandra: I advertize in German speaking countries and test only with 100eur. No matter hwo often I've tried CBO, its just not profitable, while ABO campaign with many ad sets seems to be working for me. Is it still ok?
  17. @Mcmxxvxxi: What if you target multiple personas?
  18. @TheDeckPeople: I run a local home-service business. Historically, the more I add interests, the higher CPL. What's your opinion on letting the general ads run wild instead of targeting specific interest groups. Obviously learning phase will be rougher, but over time, won't lead targeting be more effective and cheaper?
  19. @Exponentialplus: new update ? for 2026?
  20. @aaad59: Hey Solid Video. Question 1: If I switch my current running CBO to ABO , it won't set back my learning phase correct? Will switching to ABO just continue the learning phase by forcing budgets to my other ads?  

Question 2. After I switch to ABO and run it for a while, can I switch back to CBO without it resetting my learning phase? 

Essentially like a switch, ON/OFF to force my budgets across all other ads. How many times can I switch this without it resetting the campaign structure and learning phase journey. 


Hopefully my question makes sense. Thanks!

- Major News from Budget 2026-27 I 10% Salary Increase, Tax Relief up to Rs. 2.2 Million: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] Bismillahirrahmanirrahim Assalam Walekum Viewers Khushamdid Once again Advocate Mustafa Kamal in my channel If you are a government employee or a pensioner or you belong to any grade of government job, then today's video is very important for you people because today I will talk about the proposals of the upcoming loyalty budget 2025-2026 which are going to be presented before the cabinet and in which there is also talk of a 10% increase in your salaries. Apart from this, there are also reports of good news regarding tax relief up to ₹22 lakh. So please watch this video till the end , like it and subscribe to the channel because this will keep you getting updates. So let's get started my viewers. According to Jarai, the information received from Islamabad is that fundamental changes have been prepared for the upcoming financial year's budget. These proposals will be presented in the cabinet meeting before the budget. Where a final and final decision will be taken after consultation between the Prime Minister and the cabinet. But at present, my dear viewers, the results that are coming out are that a big news is expected for the government employees and pensioners. Let me explain each point to you in detail. The video is not very long. It is very beneficial for you people. First of all, let me tell you how much increase will there be in the salaries and how much increase will there be in which grade. Now, as per the current proposals, there have been many proposals to increase the isolation from Grade 1 to Grade 22. The news of increase in these is that there is a proposal of 10% increase from Grade 1 to Grade 22 and now after the budget, you are getting news that this will be given with more increase. For the employees of grade 20 to 22, there is a proposal of 75%. Apart from this, there is a special package for the top grade employees also. But whatever news is there, it is just speculation. You will know the final decision only after the budget. Apart from this, let us talk about Disparity Allowance and Conveyance Allowance. This is a very powerful and you know, important allowance. The second major proposal coming regarding these allowances is that the disparity allowance will be given to employees from grade one to 16 and this allowance has been specially made for the lower grade employees so that the difference between their income and expenses can be reduced. Apart from this, there is canvas allowance which you can also call common office allowance in common language. There is also a proposal to increase it. As you can see, the government is increasing the prices of petroleum products. He has no concern for the community. But now it is coming that there is a proposal to increase the conveyance allowance also. So my viewers, please remember that the past four ad hoc additions have also been going on without any proper framework. This time the proposal to merge all these is also worth considering. So let's talk about tax relief. The changes that are going on. These are the news that is coming at this time. I am not telling you this is the final decision. There is talk about the tax exemption up to ₹2 lakh. And now the news that is probably going to affect most people is this. Tax relief, I think. It is proposed that those who donate between ₹12 lakh and ₹2 lakh annually will be given nominal relief in income tax. That means, if your annual income falls within this range, then you are expected to get huge tax relief and a big extension. This is the class which is neither very rich nor very poor, the middle class are government employees who suffer the most from inflation. If this proposal is approved then it will really be a big step. Now let's talk about the good news for pensioners, Nazreen. These are all suggestions. Now, a good news is coming for our pensioner brothers and sisters that there is a proposal to include employees in the Contributory Pension Scheme. And there is a plan to bring new employees into this scheme from July 2026. Apart from this, there is also a proposal to include dearness allowance up to 80% for pensioners. Which has been prepared keeping in mind the inflation of the last several years. The proposals are being presented to the Prime Minister and it is expected that a final decision will be taken on them soon. But viewers, I am telling you again and again that this is just a suggestion. An important condition has also been stated. The government says that the lonely court class and tax collectors will have to reveal their names for the increase. That means they will have to come under the tax net. Those who pay taxes regularly. Those who keep their records correct will get these benefits. Therefore, if you are still a non-resident, then correct your tax records before the budget. So, viewers, these were the important proposals of the Fidelity Budget for 2026-2027, which are about to be presented before the Cabinet. In these I have told you about the increase in 10s Tanha. Apart from this, tax relief up to Rs 22 lakh, disparity allowance, conveyance allowance and 80% dearness allowance for pensioners. If all these proposals are approved, the chances of which are very less, then lakhs of government employees and pensioners will definitely benefit. So Nazreen, what is your opinion about this? Do you think this increase is enough or not? Please share your opinion in the comment section. If you found the video useful, please like and share it. Especially your government employee friends, relatives and do not forget to subscribe to my channel so that every latest news of the budget can reach you first. Please allow Advocate Mustaq Kamal. See you in the next video, till then Allah Hafiz.

  Top Comments:
  1. @hondajapani [2 likes]: تنھائیں کیا ہوتا ہے؟ 
تنخواہیں ہوتا ہے۔ ہر تھتھا توتلا ہکلا مونہہ اٹھا کر یوٹیوب چینل پر ویڈیوز اپلوڈ کر دیتا ہے۔
  2. @hondajapani [2 likes]: ایسا لگتا ہے گویا کہ یہ کوئی فلمی ڈائیلاگ بول رہا ہو
  3. @pakistanigameryt9701 [2 likes]: Rehman Ali Bajwa zindabad hum ap ka sath hain PPP zindabad hum ap ka sath hain Asif Ali Zardri zindabad 50 percent izfa huna Chaya
  4. @MoazamHussain-r1c [2 likes]: Jnab Yeh budget 25 26 ka nahi balkeh 26 27 year ka hay
  5. @IzharHussainKanhar [1 likes]: Pensioners ka medical allowance increase Hoga sir ❤️🥰
  6. @IzharHussainKanhar [1 likes]: W Salam sir ❤️🥰
  7. @AshfaqUddin-qz4fj [1 likes]: Iski saari videos jhooti aur bkwas Hoti hen Sirf rating k liye videos upload  krta hai.Budget k baad iski saari bkwas dekhna sab bekaar aur jhooti hongi 
Ye hr video men kehta hai ye video intehaayi ahem hai aakhir dekhna duniya men agar jhoot ka muqabla ho to ye sb se aagay Hoga isko ab unfollow krna boht zroori ho gya hai
  8. @huzaifagaming7761 [1 likes]: Nice sir thanks
  9. @KidsLullabytv24 [1 likes]: 10% selery Matlab 2200 bhara ga
  10. @zahil-30 [1 likes]: Apko Kon c taar ai ha.suni sunai BAAT phelane Wala sub se Bara jhoota ha
  11. @PrincessZoee [1 likes]: Zardari sahab ko Kuch Karna chahiye
  12. @niazmuhammad2575 [1 likes]: اپ کو خود پتہ  نہیں باتوں پر خود یقین نہیں
  13. @Videosforkids_786 [1 likes]: Chawalan mar Rahe ho
  14. @abdulwaliabdulwali-s7t [1 likes]: Bhai g pensioners k lye 80% proposal nai ha rather Jo 2 year ki inflation ka average niglay ga us ka 80% deny ki bat ha Jo k maximum 7% k kreb bany gi na k 80% increase in pension...make correction plz😂
  15. @tufailmustafa792 [1 likes]: ham sab jante hen 10 % SE zyada izafe ka sawal hi paida nhi HOTA Lekin phir b zyada izafe wale video ko dhaikne ka apna hi mza he hhh😂😂😂
  16. @ZeeshanQadir-u4z [1 likes]: اگیگا کے چارٹر اف ڈیمانڈ میں ڈیلی ویجز کی ریگولائزیشن کا مطالبہ ہے کیا ان کو ریگولر کیا جائے گا اس بارے میں کوئی رہنمائی فرمائیں وہ ڈیلی ویجز جو بجلی کی تقسیم کار کمپنیوں میں کام کرتے ہیں
  17. @Wasishah-nh9vv [1 likes]: Kapooray Allowance b milay ga.
  18. @Sib22 [1 likes]: Dont waste time.
  19. @nazirahmed8717: پاکسانیوں کا بڑا جھوٹ ملازمین اور پینشنرز کو ل۔۔۔ن ملے گا۔
  20. @malikg4850: گورنمنٹ سے گزارش ہے کہ تمام ملازمین کو 
ایک عدد تیل کی شیشی بھی دی جائے تا کہ جو سارا سال گورنمنٹ نے ملازمین کی ٹوئی مارنی ہے اس کا ملازمین پہلے سے بندوبست کر سکیں 
عین نوازش ہو گی 
العارض 
گورنمنٹ گانڈو ملازمین ایسوسی ایشن

- Budget 2026-27 | Relief for Public? | 03:30 PM News Update | 31 May 2026 | Samaa TV: Kind: captions Language: en First of all, let us tell you that the talks between Pakistan and IMF on the budget of the coming financial year have entered the final stage. There is a proposal to increase the size of the new budget to approximately Rs 15.500 billion. Friends, new taxes worth Rs 20 billion can be imposed. The IMF has insisted on raising the GST rate by 1% and keeping the tax ceiling above ₹15,000 billion despite shortfalls. Due to imposition of new taxes, the inflation graph will go up further. Watch Shakeel Ahmed's report. MKM took Mayor Karachi and Sindh government to task over the occupation of Karachi Hill Park land. MKM leaders said that for the past 18 years, Karachi is being handed over to the occupation mafia. Now the people of Karachi will not forgive the occupation mafia. He warned the concerned institutions to correct their Qibla [music]. Otherwise, MKM will give full public and political rebuke. On the other hand, Sindh's senior minister Shajirina Memon has said that MKM is making unsuccessful attempts to revive its politics with the help of baseless allegations and fabricated stories. MKM's politics has always revolved around slogans, accusations and creating panic. Even today the same old method is being repeated. Rejecting the press conference of MKM leaders including Farooq Sattar, Shajeel Memon said that MKM itself tried the most to challenge the authoritative legal powers and the sacrificial system. Any legal or administrative issue relating to any public place should be resolved through the courts and relevant authorities. It is unfortunate that the elements have been increasing the problems of the city for years through their failed management and profiteering politics. Today he is again presenting himself as Mukt Dahinda. Karachi is not the property of any one group which uses criticism at every step in the name of progress as its political weapon. In fact, he himself is admitting his political identity. Mayor Karachi Murtaza Wahab's reply to MKM. In the press conference, Murtaza Wahab said that Hill Park is and will remain the property of AMC. Not even an inch of Hill Park land was allotted [music]. There are lands of societies around Hill Park. The lands of the societies have no connection with KMC. The KMC team stopped the work on my orders. MKM destroyed the heritage of the city. The master plan of Karachi was ruined during the era of Jamaat Islami. An attempt is made to fix the prices before the budget. Hill Park was the property of KMC. It is KMC's property and will remain KMC's property, Insha Allah. KMC has neither auctioned nor allotted even an inch of land on the Hill Park land to anyone. The KMC team went to the site and after reaching there, the work that was going on there was stopped. It was stopped on my orders and I asked them to verify the records. Get the land measured. If this work is being done in the Hill Park area then it should be demolished. Whatever is happening, some bricks have been placed there and if it is not a matter of the society then it is the work of the society, the society should know, we have nothing to do with it, PCHS is not under Sindh Government, it is not under KMC, Ministry of Housing is under Federal Government, in Karachi there is a case of encroachment on the valuable land of Hill Park by cutting the hill, despite the notice of Mayor Karachi, a boundary wall has been constructed on the important land, at this time our representative Monis Ahmed is present there with UC Chairman. I know from them. When Monis was being captured, no action was taken by the local authorities. Now look, I am present right now in PCHS Block Six. I am present here in the premises of Hill Park which is situated in the heart of the city and here you can see the hill in my presence. But here the hill started being cut about 20 to 25 days ago. And there is a large area at this time, you can see that it has been cut here using machinery, not only cut but construction has also been started here. Now Mayor Karachi has taken notice of this and he has said that this work has been started without the permission of KMC but till now we are seeing that a lot of work has been done despite his notice and first of all on this, let us talk to the area committees which had raised their voice through the UC Chairman, even at this time the UC Chairman is Irfan Allahwala, he is a face to face person, he called, the societies here called and said that encroachment is taking place here, you should stop it, this is the place of Hill Park, he is totally an administrator, there is a Director of Park, within the MC, they have some parks which are directly managed by Karachi Municipal Corporation. Out of that, this KMC hill got cooked. But no Jubish pen came from anywhere. People repeatedly said that these are people from the system who are working. They are coming with pictures of political leaders. Well, tell me this, you people were gathered here too. But despite that, now we see that construction has already started here. Although a notice has also been taken from Karachi. Absolutely, see, this means that the person who has the authority should understand which notice it is ? It seems that these note taking notices are those that are noted and they stop after giving the note. Look, this is a very important land and here you can see that in the area around PCHS Block Six, mostly bungalows are built here and even right now, a plot of about 500 yards or more is being built here and the residents of this area objected to this and filed a complaint with KMC, but now we are seeing that immediately after Eid, the construction is still going on here. The residents of this area say that this should be stopped immediately so that the illegal and deliberate occupation of this land can be ended. And due to the power breakdown at the Karachi Dhabi G pumping station, water supply to a large part of the city was stopped, which further increased the problems of the citizens already suffering from water shortage. It is said that in this intense heat, they are deprived of the blessing of water. Mayor Karachi should think about it. Give me water for God's sake and where are the small children going in this heat, how will they survive without water, neither for drinking nor for cooking, we request the Wazir Ala Siddha that many people are troubled, please leave all your work and give priority to this water work and solve this problem of the people, give me water, friend, for God's sake, first of all there was no electricity, there was no electricity, there is no water also, what will the poor man do, I request you Murtaza, please make arrangements for water because the people have become very troubled. O dead man, when we will ask for forgiveness from you with folded hands, we will say that in the name of Allah's Prophet, please arrange for water for us. People are very worried because of water. We are buying water and bringing it. There is no water at all in Lihari. Murtaza sahib please be kind. Open the water for us. It will be a great favor from you. Everyone was desperate for water. Water is not anyone's place. While various areas of Karachi are deprived of water due to power breakdown at Dhabeji pumping station, the residents of Lines area are also deprived of the blessing of water for the last three months. The residents of the area say that at least they should provide us with basic facilities. Our representative Shahnawaz Ali Qadri is present in the Lines area. Let's talk to them. Shahnawaz, tell me the situation here. Look, I am currently present in Lines Area UC 10. The situation here is no different from other areas of the city. Here also the city dwellers are craving for every drop of water. And the reality is that there is not a drop of water here. One of the makkis here is present with me. Let's talk to him. Sir, please tell me for how long has there been no water supply here and how are you people managing ? It has been four to five years since water supply has not been available here. Even if water comes here by mistake, it lasts for 10 to 5 minutes and does not come for more than that. Here, we take it from someone who has boring. These poor neighbours of ours give us water. Otherwise the situation here is very bad. Everyone here is worried. A tanker costs between ₹12,000 and ₹14,000. Even if we take a small tank, it will cost us at least ₹6,000. Exactly the same situation is there in other areas here, if we talk about other UCs, apart from 10, the entire area from nine to seven is Jina Town. The water crisis here is severe and the city dwellers are quite troubled. Especially during Eid and festivals, the water supply is completely stopped and the city dwellers are forced to get water filled or buy it at high prices. Yes, okay, thank you very much. Now the water crisis in Karachi has become severe. The residents of Afsi area craved for every drop of water. The residents of the area are seen wandering around in search of water carrying empty pots. Majeed knows from Sama's representative Khurshid Alam. Khurshid, what do you have to say about the area machines ? Look at the houses that were previously suffering from gas load shedding and electricity load shedding. Now the water situation has become extremely serious. The tanks which were placed in the area by the Deputy Commissioner Central, water was supplied through tankers and people used to fill water from there. Now those tanks have also not been filled with water for many days. We saw children roaming around the area carrying water cans. People say that people are strongly rejecting the implementation. He burst out in front of the gathering and is asking for water. This is his appeal to the government in the morning. Mayor Karachi requested him to provide water. Small tanks are available here for Rs 2000-2500. People are filling water from the taps installed in front of the mosques. There is a strange feeling of helplessness. Those who were voted for could not solve the water problem. People say that it would cost Rs 8 to 10,000. Buy and use water. It is the salaried class. How to survive? Regarding the water crisis, people say that this artificial crisis is being created deliberately. He spent Eid-ul-Adha with great difficulty. He knows how he spent his time. But other areas are more affected in terms of water. FC Ray's houses appear to be the most affected. Because here water, electricity and gas have all left them.

- Budget 2026-27 | Hybrid and Electric Cars May Get Costlier | Breaking News | Samaa TV: Kind: captions Language: en flood of taxes in the new budget. Now inflation will attack from solar to solar. Yes sir, there is a danger of hybrid, electric vehicles and solar panels [music] becoming expensive in the new budget. Because the IMF is insisting on imposing 18% GST [music] on three vehicles and solar. If we look at the new taxes imposed in the budget [Music], there is a proposal to increase the tax on hybrid vehicles from 8% to 18%. Due to which there will be a significant increase in the prices of e-vehicles and hybrid vehicles. Electric cars, motorcycles, rickshaws, trucks and buses will also come under the ambit of the increased tax. There is also a temporary increase in tax on electric pickups, tractors and double cabin vehicles. GST on solar panels is also being said to be increased from 10% to 18%. Due to this, the expenses of the Sarafin of the Mutadhil Tavanai will increase further.

  Top Comments:
  1. @RahmatUllah-q4n [5 likes]: "سولر پلیٹ پر ٹیکس نہیں ہونا چاہیے۔ پچھلے سال بھی پلیٹ 10 سے 12 ہزار روپے کی تھی اور آج 26 سے 28 ہزار روپے کی ہے۔ اگر مزید ٹیکس لگا دیا گیا تو اس کی قیمت 40 ہزار روپے تک بھی جا سکتی ہے۔ یہ پہلے ہی غریب آدمی کی پہنچ سے باہر ہے، اور مزید مہنگی ہو کر اور بھی دور ہو جائے گی۔ یہ فارم 47 والی حکومت اپنے لیے سب کچھ کرتی ہے۔ اگر عوام سولر پلیٹیں لگا لیں گی تو پھر حکومت کو بجلی کے بل کون دے گا؟ شاید اسی سوچ کے تحت سولر پلیٹوں کو مہنگا کیا جا رہا ہے تاکہ لوگ انہیں نہ خرید سکیں۔ اللہ تعالیٰ ان ظالموں کو ہدایت دے اور ان کے ظلم کا انجام ان کے سامنے لائے۔ آمین
  2. @PATRIOT-ru8xq [1 likes]: 97000 arab rupey ka qarz aur suud heiii mulk per !!!!! 37000 arab rupey ke funds toh sindh hukumut ko diye gae heinnn !!!! Apney kharchey hukumut kum naiii ker raiiii , imf sey herr saal bheek mangeygiii hukumut , tax barhatiii jaegii hukumut , mehengai aur berozgarii bhii barhtii jaegiii !!!!! Inn firoun kii nasloun ko jub tak awam zinda naiii jalaegiii tubb tak qarz , suud aur imf ka masla rahega !!!!!!
  3. @khimran8502: Pakistani people not interested to buying 
Boycott
  4. @Saddque-j6j: اب حکومت کے۔ خلاف سخت مزامت کرنی پڑے گی  قربانیاں دینا پڑے گی جینے کے کابل تو عام آدمی ویسے کحچھ کر کے تو مرنا چائیے
  5. @ilyasmalik2762: Phr لوگ  ur galiya  day gay govt ko
  6. @AminKhan-xf4xf: Government NY tu frmaya ta electric cars ko tax free kry gy 😂
  7. @Shimla2026-b6f: ہمیں اج تک سمجھ نہیں ائی ائی ایم ایف سب چیزوں پر ٹیکس لگانے کا بولتی ہے ملک وہ چلا رہی ہے ہمارا وزیراعظم ادھر بہن کا مضرا کروانے ایا ہے۔😂 جو بڑے عہدوں پر فائز ہیں ان کی تنخواہیں کم کی جائیں اور ٹیکس لیا جائے کرپشن کم کی جائے یہ ائی ایم ایف کیوں نہیں بولتی یہ نہیں پتہ چلا تھا

- Fastest Way to Fix Your Facebook Ads Learning Phase (Copy this): Kind: captions Language: en you launched a Facebook ad and now your budget&nbsp; is disappearing faster than your morning coffee&nbsp;&nbsp; Before you panic and start tweaking everything&nbsp; stop You could be making your ads worse by not&nbsp;&nbsp; understanding this one thing Facebook's learning&nbsp; phase This is a critical period where Facebook's&nbsp;&nbsp; algorithm gathers data to optimize ad delivery And&nbsp; if you don't understand how this works you could&nbsp;&nbsp; be wasting money by making the wrong changes&nbsp; too soon By the end of this video you'll know&nbsp;&nbsp; how to speed up the learning phase avoid the&nbsp; biggest mistakes and get your ads performing&nbsp;&nbsp; faster But the number one mistake resetting your&nbsp; ads performance without even realizing it This&nbsp;&nbsp; will waste your money and keep you stuck So stop&nbsp; doing it I'm going to show you how to fix this in&nbsp;&nbsp; just a sec Let's get into it What is the Facebook&nbsp; ads learning phase if you've ever launched an ad&nbsp;&nbsp; and thought "Why are my results consistent?" or&nbsp; "Should I change something?" Don't do that This&nbsp;&nbsp; might be because your ad is still in the learning&nbsp; phase If you don't let Facebook finish learning&nbsp;&nbsp; your ad will never reach the right people and&nbsp; you'll just keep wasting money Think of it like&nbsp;&nbsp; a trial period The algorithm is fine-tuning how&nbsp; your ad performs before optimizing it for success&nbsp;&nbsp; We'll talk about what it's doing in just a minute&nbsp; but you need to remember your ad is not failing&nbsp;&nbsp; Facebook is learning how to make it perform better&nbsp; But here's the deal The way that you set up your&nbsp;&nbsp; ads matters just as much as the learning phase&nbsp; If your target your budget or your structure is&nbsp;&nbsp; wrong from the start no amount of optimization&nbsp; will fix it So if you don't want to waste money&nbsp;&nbsp; on bad ads then you need to download the&nbsp; Marketer's Guide to Meta This is a free&nbsp;&nbsp; resource that I've linked below that walks you&nbsp; through setting up profitable ads from the start&nbsp;&nbsp; Trust me you don't want to launch another&nbsp; ad without reading it first So you can grab&nbsp;&nbsp; it below for free Now let's talk about what&nbsp; the learning phase is actually doing for your ads Most people panic when their ads don't&nbsp; convert right away But here's the truth&nbsp;&nbsp; Facebook is testing everything at once Who should&nbsp; see your ad where it performs the best how people&nbsp;&nbsp; engage if it sees that your ad performs best on&nbsp; Instagram stories it will show it there more often&nbsp;&nbsp; If one audience clicks more than the other it&nbsp; will prioritize them This is why you need to&nbsp;&nbsp; give it more time It's learning the best way&nbsp; to get you results Now if your ads feel stuck&nbsp;&nbsp; in the learning phase it's probably because&nbsp; of one of these four reasons First you're not&nbsp;&nbsp; getting enough conversions You need at least&nbsp; 50 conversion events per ad set in 7 days for&nbsp;&nbsp; Facebook to optimize properly So if you're not&nbsp; hitting 50 try optimizing for a higher funnel&nbsp;&nbsp; action like add to cart or link clicks instead&nbsp; of purchases Second your audience is too small&nbsp;&nbsp; If your audience is too niche Facebook doesn't&nbsp; have enough data to work with Widen your audience&nbsp;&nbsp; slightly Test lookalike audiences or broaden&nbsp; your targeting to give Facebook more room to&nbsp;&nbsp; learn Third your budget is too low A tiny budget&nbsp; means you're not getting conversions fast enough&nbsp;&nbsp; Set your daily budget to at least five times your&nbsp; average conversion cost so Facebook can exit the&nbsp;&nbsp; learning phase faster Fourth and guys this is the&nbsp; biggest mistake I've seen making too many changes&nbsp;&nbsp; Every time you tweak your ad changing budget&nbsp; audience or creative the learning phase resets&nbsp;&nbsp; If you must edit duplicate the ad set instead of&nbsp; modifying the active one This keeps your original&nbsp;&nbsp; data intact Once your ad exits the learning&nbsp; phase you need to make sure you scale your&nbsp;&nbsp; budget the right [Music] way Don't double your&nbsp; budget overnight This forces Facebook to relearn&nbsp;&nbsp; everything from scratch Instead increase by 20&nbsp; to 30% every 3 to 5 days to maintain performance&nbsp;&nbsp; while scaling smoothly If you're looking&nbsp; for advanced scaling strategies chapter 5&nbsp;&nbsp; of the marketer's guide to meta walks you through&nbsp; measuring performance and adjusting your strategy&nbsp;&nbsp; for long-term growth I've linked it below so you&nbsp; can go grab it right now But what if you've done&nbsp;&nbsp; all this and your ad is still stuck the number&nbsp; one mistake is something that people do every&nbsp;&nbsp; single day without thinking twice Let's break&nbsp; it down Here are the top three learning phase&nbsp;&nbsp; mistakes that could be costing you money First&nbsp; thinking the learning phase means that an ad&nbsp;&nbsp; is failing Have you ever seen an ad underperform&nbsp; and thought "This isn't working Let me just turn&nbsp;&nbsp; it off." Don't Facebook needs time to optimize Let&nbsp; the ads run for at least 7 days before making any&nbsp;&nbsp; major changes Second is making too many changes&nbsp; too soon Frequent edits restart the learning phase&nbsp;&nbsp; Instead analyze data after a full week before&nbsp; making adjustments Third is setting budgets&nbsp;&nbsp; too low for conversions If your daily budget is&nbsp; too small you won't get enough conversions to&nbsp;&nbsp; exit the learning phase A good rule of thumb is&nbsp; to set your budget to at least five times your&nbsp;&nbsp; average conversion cost All right quick recap&nbsp; The learning phase helps Facebook optimize your&nbsp;&nbsp; ads for better performance To exit faster get 50&nbsp; conversion events avoid frequent edits and scale&nbsp;&nbsp; budgets slowly Remember don't panic Ads in the&nbsp; learning phase aren't failing they're optimizing&nbsp;&nbsp; Here's what to do right now Open your Facebook&nbsp; ads manager Are your ads stuck in the learning&nbsp;&nbsp; phase if so drop a comment saying stuck and&nbsp; I will reply with a tip to help you get out&nbsp;&nbsp; faster So apply these strategies this week before&nbsp; you waste another dollar Now before you go don't&nbsp;&nbsp; forget to download the marketer's guide to meta&nbsp; It is completely free and will help you scale your&nbsp;&nbsp; ads without wasting money on trial and error Want&nbsp; to take this even further imagine being able to&nbsp;&nbsp; see what ads your competitors are running right&nbsp; now without guessing What if you could analyze&nbsp;&nbsp; their top performing ads and apply these insights&nbsp; to your business that's exactly what I'll show&nbsp;&nbsp; you in my Facebook ads library video It's linked&nbsp; at the end of this video And trust me this will&nbsp;&nbsp; save you time and money If this video helped you&nbsp; out I would love it if you could give it a thumbs&nbsp;&nbsp; up and make sure to subscribe to this channel&nbsp; for more digital marketing strategies every&nbsp;&nbsp; single week My name is Bridget Oor It has been an&nbsp; absolute pleasure and I will see you next time Bye [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @majomster [13 likes]: I've never ever seen the "learning phase" only "active" from the first minute when i put an ads out 🤔
  2. @smiless101 [2 likes]: Its been months with zero sales !! What learning its not learning at all
  3. @HubSpotMarketing [1 likes]: Download the Marketer's Guide to Meta for setting up profitable ads from the start. Get it here: 🔗 https://clickhubspot.com/z74t
  4. @ProfessionalFitnessEducation [1 likes]: My ads are stuck in limbo, I am not spending money, and Meta appears to not be displaying them even though they are set correctly, I believe. After 1 month, only 2 dollars spent. Terribly frustrating.
  5. @mkabeer_: stuck
  6. @DavidK6633: STUCK
  7. @misripatel-y8i: Stuck
  8. @tacticalmovingco: Meta let me see my lead center , why?
  9. @k0b3r: This is by far The Most Poitnless PDF ever!
Can I have my time back that I wasted on reading it?
  10. @carolyngallagher8630: stuck
  11. @DrewGallagherMusic: When to switch from a higher funnel event to a lower funnel event? Will I still get purchases if I'm optimizing for link clicks, view content, or add to cart?
  12. @ruchirawijesundara1354: stuck
  13. @Worldpov2020: Finally someone teaching "how" and not just "why-theory". Thank you.
  14. @EliasESW: Very repetitive
  15. @abdulhusainaj1135: Stuck
  16. @SteveAdams-g6r: What if Meta continues to learn bad leads over and over but marketing agency continues to push still learning even 30 days later or more. For example, non homeowners as leads for home service based business.
  17. @bilalomar7446: i never seen learning phase in my facebook ads manager , when i start a new campaign , it goes directly to active mode . so i don't know if my campaign in learning phase or not . why that is happen ?

can you help me with this problem
  18. @abuzarqureshi6597: Does making a sales campaign on website view content optimisation in US market for learning phase is better then directly launching a purchase campaign for new pixel ?
Does meta gets enough data with view content in start and then gives better results in atc and then initiative checkout and then purchase?
  19. @GourouID: How long for it to start running when showing active
  20. @AlbertdeKlerk-z1j: Google Ads is een lastig onderwerp, maar jullie maken het veel begrijpelijker.

- The Hidden Tax Traps in the 2026 Federal Budget (That Could Cost You Thousands): Kind: captions Language: en Two weeks ago, I told you to take a breath before changing anything because of the 2026 federal budget. And most of you did the right thing. But now, I've had two weeks to dig into the details. And there are some things in the federal budget that are worse than I actually thought. The CGT discount on new residential property. It's basically a tax trap. Negative gearing changes. It's already slashing borrowing capacity by up to 33%. and the 30% trust tax designed to tax you more even if you don't even earn that much. I'm Davey from Box Advisory Services. This is part two of the federal budget deep dive. This time I'm covering the specific issues I found buried in the fine print, the structure most business owners and investors should be moving towards and why I think you still got time to get this right before anything is locked in. Quick disclaimer, nothing in this video should be considered tax or financial advice. The federal budget still hasn't been legislated, so things can change. Please speak to your accountant personally before making any big moves. See you guys there. Let's go straight into questions. Everyone knows about the federal budget. Everyone maybe have uh attended my first webinar or you've just saw things online. So, I just want to go straight into it. There are three main changes. Obviously, the uh 30% tax on trust. That's the biggest change, but that's happening on the 1st of July uh 28. So, we've got a lot of time to restructure. The government hasn't released any legislation related to that 30% trust uh a 30% tax on trust yet. So, that's I think it's because the reason why they delayed it is because of the fact that it's it's a big change. Trusts were not written in a way where it pays taxes. So, for them to set up a 30% tax, they needed more time to fix that. So that's why they pushed it back to 28 uh 28. Now federal elections happen in 28 as well. So who knows what's going to happen. Maybe that um the trusts the 30% tax on trust may not happen straight away. Um may not happen at all actually. Um so who knows? Uh now that's one thing. The second thing is um you know uh abolishing of CGT 1 of July 2027 limiting um CGT discount. So you still able to apply CGT discount but only up to 1 of July 2027 and then negative gearing is happening uh is getting limited to only new residential property or you know some other properties but mainly just new. Now there are issues uh that that are going to be caused because of the fact that they I don't think they thought about this properly um uh like the CGT discount um the negative gearing and and the 30% tax and there's massive issues already happening as we speak uh but I'll go into more detail about that after now you have a question so do we know what is the logistics of the trust uh 30% tax system so say you have a corporate trustee with family trust and in an investing company. If I make a profit in the investing company, tax at 30% corporate level uh level, then money flows through the trust and gets taxed. Okay, now this is confusing for a lot of people. So, let's just draw it up and I think it's really relevant because it's something that's going to happen to everyone. Now, the 30% trust. So, what's happening right now is there's a family trust here. All right? And then there's a uh corporate trustee. They call it a corporate trustee, but it's just people get confused that because they have a corporate trustee, they think it's a company. No, a corporate trustee is just a trustee. A trustee is the controller of the family trust. Um just because you have a corporate trustee doesn't mean this is taxed at 30% or 25%. It's actually uh the tax is NA not applicable. It's usually distributed to the beneficiaries up the top. All right. Now, what's happening is uh has a bucket company. Let me see. Well, he calls it what do you call it? You call it a tra investing company. All right. So, let's just call it investing company, which is also a bucket company. Now, if you make a profit, what happens to the profit? Right? It's going to get taxed at 30% here. That's what you're saying. And then you're going to distribute the profits to a family trust. And if the new rules come in place on the 1st of July 2028, there's also going to be a 30% tax here on family trust. Right? So your question is if I'm paying 30% here, do I pay 30% here? Uh the answer most likely is that you will get that credit. So, because there's a franking credit here, uh, that you're paying 30% here, if you distribute the profits, let's just use a good example. Let's use an example here. If you make a 100 bucks, if this um investment company makes 100 bucks, it's positively geared. All right? Not negatively geared, it's positively geared, it will pay 30% tax. So, after 30 June, you launch the tax return, it'll pay 30% tax. There'll be 70 bucks left, right? After that 70 bucks, that gets paid as a dividend over to here. So, we get a dividend of $70 and they call it a fully franked dividend. Fully franked. Okay, you guys don't need to know the specifics of what that is, but fully franked dividend means that there's a tax credit of 30%. Now, that 70 bucks goes into the family trust. Now, initially what would happen is this 70 bucks then gets distributed to the beneficiaries and then in the beneficiaries what would happen is the beneficiaries will get $100 in their taxable income and a 30 bucks credit uh and then they pay tax on their tax rate. That's generally what happened. Now this new rule comes in place in 20 uh 28. What would happen is there's a 30% uh franking credit. It goes here. You can see that there's a 30 uh 30% being paid. So that franking credit will just offset this the the tax that needs to be paid here. So we'll go it will basically this $70 will get gross sum. So we'll go 70 bucks plus 30 bucks which equals 100 and then you get a um income of 100 and then they will apply the 30% tax and then the 30% tax is this already. So therefore you don't pay a nil you don't pay any more extra tax payable. That's generally what would happen. Right now that isn't a problem. It's the other way around where you if you pay if you take the 30% from here uh sorry the 70 bucks from here pay to family trust and give it to a a buck another company. That's where they they said that they're not going to give that credit over to here. So, if you pass through income from a family trust over to a bucket company, they're not going to give the the credit. So, it's not the problem isn't here from here to here. It's actually from the family trust to wherever it's going. So, the family trust distributes profits to individuals. It's probably fine. It's just that there's no there's no refundable credit. So for example, um refundable credit. So no refundable credit. So if there's no refundable credit, which means that if the individual has a lower tax rate, it would end up getting a um it won't get the credit refund. Hopefully that makes sense. If you want me to go back into this, let's um let's talk about it later. I I'll come back to it because I've drawn it up anyway, but that's just how it works. Uh let me just quickly see if does anyone have any questions about that. Why create the bucket company at all? Why not just do your investment in the family trust? >> Because the Oh, yeah. As in the new rules for the new rules. >> Yes. >> Because the family trust holds it's the key to everything, right? The whole point of a family trust in the first place. Now this is the part where I I said that the the government doesn't understand um uh the tax rules and why the structuring properly. So like they don't understand why we structure as small business owners, right? Or as accountants and lawyers when we adise, right? The whole place is not just for tax planning purposes. It's for asset protection. If you are married to someone and you get a divorce, your family assets stay within the family trust. If you pass away and something happens to you, for example, your assets still stay in the family trust and they protect it. That's the place. Now, if you invest everything in the family trust and you have like your investments there and you have your trading business there, which is what the government wants, that's that's actually what they've said. They basically said, "If you have a family trust, we think you're dodging taxes. We're not going to allow for bucket companies. We're not going to allow for you being able to split income anywhere because we think your tax plan. We we think you're minimizing your tax and you're evading taxes. So, we're going to stop it overall." But the whole point of that is to isolate your assets away from one entity because if something happens to that one entity because it's it's it's managing stakeholders, it's got tenants, it's got investor, it may have another business partner, it may have like um government uh taxes that it has to pay, it would take everything if if you get sued. So that's the whole point of asset protection in the first place. That's why accountants and lawyers talk about family trusts and bucket companies and investment companies and trading companies. Bunnings, for example, if you look at Bunnings um uh corporate structure, the whole structure is probably like 10 pages long because it's got all these different entities. Why does it have all these different entities? Why can't they just have Bunnings Trading Pty Limited? And the reason why they have that is because when they want to invest in something, they want to manage their risk. If it goes bust or it doesn't do well, then it's isolated into that structure. Now, your family trust is for your family. And if you have all your assets here and investments, all your trading, all your dealings in here, everything will be lost in the next 5 10 years if you take one bad mistake. And everyone makes mistakes. That's the point of business. Like you you're supposed to make mistakes. If you make mistake the when you make mistakes that's how you learn and you get better and you make um you take the risk and then eventually that risk is there's a reward. Now the whole point of us as advisers is to help you manage your risk and if you remove the the use of a bucket company which is why what I've argued that you shouldn't do causes significant issues. Yeah. And so a lot of people are saying um there was a the webinar I did last was it last week I think it was yes last week or the week before and I talked about setting up a holding company in between and people were asking why would you set up a holding company there's like why can't you just use the family trust the reason why with the holding companies you want to keep all the profits in a holding company and not hold it in your family trust remember the whole ruling of the way the rules are written up in the family trust is the profits aren't supposed to stay in the family trust. So when you pass the profits over here, the family trust acts like a water pipe that distributes the profit or the water over to uh the taps that you're you're um that you're releasing the income to, right? And those taps are the individuals, the beneficiaries or the corporate beneficiaries, which is the bucket companies or trading companies. They are the ones that pay the taxes because the tax rates are there. So that's why it's like I said, it's going to take two years for the the government to rewrite the rules, the laws. And they haven't they released a draft legislation or bill they want to implement and it's got nothing to do with the the uh 30% tax on the family trust because they know how complicated it is. Yeah, hopefully that answers your question. As an investor, what's the best structure to invest now? Yes, I understand we have to wait to see what would eventually be legislated. But there is opportunity cost in just waiting other types of assets not properties I'm referring to here. Another question is is it too late uh to set up a testamentary trust now given the proposed tax rules or will it be okay if we go with a fixed um uh fixed testimeament trust? Okay, gotcha. Now um I actually think that uh now I've had two weeks to think about this whole thing. Uh, I think we should be starting to act on some parts and not acting on others. Now, what you should be acting on is you don't stop investing. I think it's important for you guys to keep investing. If you're planning to buy property, you're planning to pull money out of the company, you're planning to purchase shares or uh property, you should start, you should still consider doing it now and invest in the structure that is applicable now. Now, bucket companies still work. They It's not completely dead. It's may be dead in 2028, but it isn't now. So for the business owners that are drawing profits out of their business, bucket companies still exist, right? And you should still do it because the reason being is if you don't take the profits out of your uh of say this is not an investment company, this is trading company, right? If you you should be taking these profits out, passing over to family trust and then moving over to a buck company because you can still use that utilize that 25 or 30% tax here and then pass it over to here where you don't have to pay a top- up tax. So right now up to 2028 you can still do it and there's no new rules that have changed that. So you should still implement bucket companies and still use it up to 2028. Now, when 1st of July 2028 ticks over, that's when you can't use the bucket company anymore, but the previous um transactions that happened pre that time is grandfathered and it's protected, right? There's no extra tax you're going to pay because the taxable income has been shifted over pre2029. So, you should still use bucket companies um if if possible. in your situation. I don't know your full structure, but if it's a family trust um that you have already and it really depends on where your income's coming from. So, if your income is coming from a business um and it's very hard to answer your question because I don't know what you're investing in all that stuff, but you still have options. The options are invest in a bucket company, invest in a bucket and family trust or invest in your personal name. They are three options that you have or a super fund sorry four four options right so you got to assess each option according to the current rules because remember those the rules that you have right now um some of them some of the rules don't apply yet for the federal budget right negative gearing does apply right now um so it's limited now the CGT discount I believe it's up to 1 of July 2027 so you still got time but I think f investing in a Family trust is probably not as lucrative anymore in property. People are starting to look at bucket companies or or company standalone companies that don't they're not owned by a family trust. It's up to you. But go speak to accountant or go speak to your advisor. I would say a bucket company is one of the best structures right now um because it's a 30% tax and it's protected and you can actually push money into there with a no top up tax from your trading company if you have a business. Now, a trust is still useful, but that 30% tax, it's just there to me, it's just no there's no point of using that anymore, especially when you don't have a refundable uh credit anymore. Whereas a franking div uh dividend from a bucket company does give you that. Yeah. So, they can't they not they haven't done anything to trading companies or bucket companies. They only just done something to family trust. So, family trust is just not as lucrative. Yeah, that's why I think land tax on family trust is a bit high for New South Wales. So, it depends on where you're staying and what your investing where your where your investment is and where your um where your uh where your investment is and where your um um what your intention is with your your investment if it's property or CG or shares. Okay, hopefully that answer testament trust. Just for people to understand what a testamentary trust is. Testamentary trust is basically a trust that gets created when you pass away. So if you pass away, what happens is your assets move into a testament trust for your family and then basically this test trust will exist to manage the assets and distribute the profits to your your uh your children or your beneficiaries. Now people love testimemetry trust because of the fact that your your miners like the uh under 18 um uh kids, children or you know your uh your grandkids can still get uh taxable income as if they're adults and pay uh you know no taxes on $20,000 for example. So you can distribute profits from your your rental properties over to the kids. Now, some people have set up testimeamentary trusts and it works, but it only works really if you if there's no loans on it, if there's no um liability on those assets. So, if you've got an asset, for example, that has um a loan on it, a testament trust can't borrow money, right? It needs to have enough income to be able to finance the um the property. Well, it can't borrow money. Sorry. the what what I mean by it can't borrow money is the fact that it it struggles to borrow money unless it can actually service the loan. So if you're if you got a property in Australia for example and you still haven't paid much of it off it's hard for you to just transfer your assets over to a a testamentary trust. Now, if you're transferring your personal asset, which is your home, over to a testamentary trust, that's possible to a test trust and then you rent it out um after you pass away. But wouldn't you want to give that property over to your family for them to live in? If that's the case, you wouldn't want to put it into a test trust because the whole point of test trust is to distribute income and to the beneficiaries at a lower tax rate or and also have it asset protected, right? Have that asset protected for the family. um and away from your your kids personal names. If they get married, get a divorce, no one can go after it, right? That's the whole point of testimentary trust. Now, see how complicated that answer was. It's very complicated. So, it's best that you speak to a accountant and advisor, legal advisor to specifically check if it's still um uh the right structure for you. I think yes, the answer is it's still possible to use, but the all the ducks have to line up basically for it to work. I, for example, don't have a testimeamentary trust yet. Why? Because I don't have enough assets for me to, you know, pass the testimentary trust assets, sorry, pass the assets over to a testimemetry trust if something were to happen to me. Now, now I have life insurance. I have other um uh structures set up if something happens to me. That's why it's um best to speak to advisor to get the right um advice. Now, people think that when they set up a testimony trust, it just exists straight away. It doesn't. It only exists when you pass away. Okay, cool. If you're establishing a business structure now, would you create uh to the current rules or expect? Yeah. So, I think that answers that question. I'll go more detail of the holding company um after this last one which is which structure would you use wrap account mccori for investment purposes given the sorry I don't know what the wrap account is does anyone let me do a quick Google search what that is but I think what's happening with mccori and this actually something I want to talk about for the mortgage brokers some of the mortgage brokers already know about it but what's oh okay so rapid account is like a share management so it's like com basically it looks like yep So, it's like for you to buy and sell shares, right? So, basically, if you're planning to buy and sell shares um you don't you don't get a 50% discount, right, after 1 of July. So, it actually may seem like a better structure to have it in a company or your personal name. It really depends on your income or or a super fund. So, where is that where's the money coming from? First things first is what's your intention and where's the money coming from? If the money is coming from your personal name and you already pay tax on it, then you have a choice of uh your a trust or a company, right? You can still do your personal income, but I'm assuming your income is quite high. It's probably over 100K. If it's over 100K, your taxes are probably going to be like 30% plus, right? Up to 47%. So, you're looking either a trust or a bug company. Now, I think that because the 50% discount is going to disappear now. Um, bucket companies are probably maybe the way to go. Uh, however, it's case by case basis. If you're investing in growth assets, a trust might still be better because indexation isn't full a full uh 30 or 47% flat tax rate. What it is is that indexation increases your cost base. So say you buy the the shares at 10 bucks and over 5 years um they apply a 3 to 4% indexation and it increases that result might mean that that buy say you buy something for $1 and it goes up to like uh you sell it for $5. You might that that five years uh indexation might push that um that cost base of $1 down up to two bucks. So you have a profit of three bucks rather than four. you bought it if you purchased it in a company uh you would not get that indexation and so your uh profit is a bit higher in a company bucket company over a um trust. Yeah. So just be a bit be careful um of the way you structure it. It really depends on um your assets but options are family trust and marketing company right for your situation. um SMSF still work as but there obviously the income is coming from your super fund not your your personal name for a mom and dad investor on PYJ who's likely to buy one or two who who's likely to buy one or two investment properties in their life and the goal is to one day sell those investments pay off their mortgage do you think using a company structure makes sense it really depends on what your uh personal income is so if your personal income is like 47% taxed then a bucket company does does help a lot because what happens is the great thing about a bucket company is is the delaying of taxes. So you can hold the profits in a bucket company being paid at 30%. And I explained this in my videos before. Having the money stuck in a 30% flat tax rate versus 47% means that you have more money to invest. And then at the time you decide to retire or decide to sell off the properties for higher value, you pay off your loans in the company because the company has the loans and then you get to reinvest that into you. You don't just take all the profits. That's the big issue that people that don't invest that much or they beginners investing, they think that it doesn't matter that paying taxes at 30% versus 47% because eventually you're going to pay the 47% anyway when you take the money out. They don't get that. I I what I try to explain to them is that when you pay 30% or lower tax rate versus 47, you have more money to invest. And if that money gets invested over time, um the value compounds, right, the rate of return compounds and eventually it goes higher. And what happens is you sell it, you don't just take all the profits out and spend it all. You don't go buying yourself Lamborghini or other stuff. You pay off your loans which are in the company. So you still add that 30% tax rate and then over time you slowly draw the funds out. Now, when you're retired and you draw those funds out, actually stop a step. You don't even draw the funds out. You might even sell the asset and then reinvest it in another asset. And then your intentions of the investment change. So, initially when you first started, it's growth assets. Um, you buy assets that increase in value using leverage. Some people borrow money to use leverage to grow the assets even more. Now what happens after you sell those assets, you pay off your loans, then you change your investment strategy. Now this is not investment advice, but a lot of people then change their investment strategy. What do they go into now is I need more lower risk assets. Probably still grows, but not at a high growth rate because they're lower uh they're lower risk. And now we're also looking at passive income. We want income that can replace our previous wages or salaries or PY income, right? So therefore, you invest in ETFs or um shares that give you dividends or then you invest in a commercial property has a higher rate of rental yield. That's generally what happens. I've seen a lot of my clients that from 50 to 60 plus years old start changing their investment strategy because they don't want the risk anymore and they just wanted to sit there and just give them a rate of return. Now once that happens and once they invest in there, what do you think happens next? They don't draw the funds out. They leave the assets there. They leave the investments there and they just start drawing a a you know amount that replaces their income. And that is four to 5% to maybe 10% until they you know until they sell everything and then you know give the money to their kids. Okay, which generally doesn't happen till like very very far away. And then by that time the assets have grown significantly to the point where they just sell one of them and everything is um that they can just give one asset to each kid or something like that. That's generally what happens. So I think a company structure still works. Now, super fund SMSF still works as well for your situation. Um, again, it depends on your intentions. It depends on where the money's coming from, but from my uh general understanding of the comp like the federal budget right now um without the legislations happening uh have been enacted yet, I think a company structure is still very powerful, which is a what a lot of people are saying online. Okay, cool. Is a family trust still good because discretionary element of it? Yes, there is. The answer is yes. You can distribute the profits which is still uh great. Now the minor thing you need to worry about is the family trust is only good if you invest if you're distributing the profits to individuals. Okay. So if it's just you alone, the family trust is kind of useless now after 2028. Yeah. Because you can't give the money to a B company. All right. So uh but if you got family members, if you got if there's a husband and a wife or if there's two partners for example, uh then it's useful to still um split the income because what would happen is say that you're you've retired as an individual but you're still generating some sort of income in your personal name, whether it's part-time or whether it's like rental income from like an asset that you have personally, right? And you're making about 50k each, right? Your tax rate is at 30%. So now if I were if you didn't have a family trust and the the company just distributed all the profits to one person or or like um yeah just one person then the tax will be a lot higher because that it's only going to one person. But if you get to split it between two people you get to utilize their tax. So the one person might be on the 30% tax, another person might be on a 0% or a 15% tax. And so therefore, you can actually distribute the profits to that person. And although you've got a 30% credit here, at least you don't have to pay a top up tax because it's more money going into one person. So it's still useful to use a family trust, but just not as strong as before. Yeah. So you have to be generating some sort of income in your personal name to dist uh to use the family trust. And uh most investors would have one or two investments in their personal name um that are going to be passive income and then they will have other investments in a investment company. Why? Because financing purposes it works that way as well. So they and it's also for asset protection purposes. So yeah, family trust still works. Yeah. Okay. Sorry. Uh oh. Oh, I just pretty much use your example. What if owner A wants 120K but owner B does not want 120K in that same financial year? Yeah, you can still split your income. Cool. If no one has any questions, let's go straight into issues. So, I've just like jotted down some some thoughts. Uh but one big issue that I found is uh CGT discount for new residential property is actually a trap um by the ATO. Now, what does that mean? When you invest in property and it's new residential property, most purchasers are required to pay a withholding amount for the contract price, right? Like they had to pay and that withholding amount is actually for GST purposes because you're selling new residential property. So when you sell new residential property, the ATO actually doesn't think it's investment anymore. They think it's your a property developer. When you purchase property for example and you buy one property and then you develop it into two properties which is a duplex for example it's not capital gains anymore. It's actually they call it ordinary income because you're running a business. So you buy you buy e-commerce uh goods for example you bought something from overseas. Uh let's just say you bought like some phone um um cases and then you slap your brand on it and you sell it and you sell it for a higher value. There's no 50% discount on that um on that uh phone um case, right? You don't you don't buy it for five bucks and then you get a 50% discount and sell it uh sell it for 100 bucks and then you get a 50% discount. That doesn't apply because the ATO thinks you're running a business. Now, the same thing applies when you're running a when you're buying new residential property or developing it. So the argument that they saying that we're going to let you do 50% discount, I don't think it's possible to do a 50% discount unless you hold the property for more than 5 years. So basically this new rule that's come in place. Let me just quickly share my screen again. Um where they're going to allow you to get the 50% discount. Um I think it's a lot it's a tax trap because there's a ruling with the ATO and remember the government the federal government and the ATO are two separate organizations right um but the the ATO basically saying that if you uh subdivide land you purchase a property and you develop it uh and you do a property development you're not you're treated as your income is treated as ordinary income and if it's treated as ordinary income You have to have ABN. You have to pay GSD. And the income would not be capital. That's what it's saying. Your purpose when you enter in arrangement to purchase, develop, or sell the property determines if the gain is capital gain or ordinary income. Now, if it's not capital gain and it's ordinary income, you don't get the 50% discount anyway, and you don't get indexation. So, it's a I don't understand where why they're saying that um they're going to give you the 50% discount. It's the the only chance of you getting the 50% discount. There's a ruling that talks about it and it's not here I think it meant but you have to hold the property for more than five years. Now if you hold the property for more than 5 years so one so he's a meeting of a new residential property. A new residential property is a property where any of the following applies. It hasn't been sold as a residential property before because obviously it's two new residential properties. It's not one. So that that that applies. Um, so it's new. It's been created through substantial renovations. So you like you knocked it down, rebuilded or or rebuilt or you completely gutted it out. New buildings replaced demolished buildings. Yep. Um or one of the following one of these properties listed has been rented out for less than 5 years, more than 5 years, but actively uh for sale for while is rented. So basically the like it's not a rule out there in the open but it basically says that if you rent it out for 5 years or more then we won't consider it a new residential property. So therefore um you won't get the 50% discount. So that rule that they applied, they said that they're going to give it to um a CGT discount to new residential property only exists and they should have put a disclaimer on it if you held a property for more than 5 years. And for the mortgage brokers brokers out here, some of you guys are here. It's not bloody easy for you to own a property, like a new residential property for five years, rent it out because the rental yield income doesn't service the loan. Remember, you're building a property. You got to knock it. You've got to buy a piece of land and knock it down, get a construction loan, and then on top of that, get finance to hold two of the properties on based on the rental income. You need a lot of cash to be able to do it. at least probably 50% of it in cash to cover the construction um loan and all that stuff like that. And on top of that, for the first for the next two years, you're not going to get any rental income because the property's knocked down completely. No. So, it's very hard to get. And then the argument now is before back then like the argument is after two years you get to sell it off and then you get to pay back all the loans. Now, the banks will now understand that you'll probably won't be able to uh sell off straight away or you'll have to pay 47% tax if it's in your personal name, right? So, they have put that in the calculations. Your borrowing power will be completely dropped. You won't be able to negative gear. So, your borrowing power will be dropped even more. So, how are you going to then you have to hold it for 5 years before you sell it to get a lower tax rate? It's it's it's pretty much like you're not going to be able to get the 50% discount that easy anymore. Yeah, pretty uh frightening stuff for me. Um yeah, so that's one of the big issues of uh the CGT discount for new residential property. It's a bloody tax trap. All right, so another thing is negative gearing. I kind of like alluded to it. So negative gearing uh and for the the mortgage brokers is probably causing you guys so much issues already. But basically there's a new rule um that's happening with all the banks is that if you purchase a property pre uh federal budget 12th of May, you would still get um negative gear applied to your property. So therefore it's actually given you a higher um borrowing capacity. But now it's dropped your borrowing capacity significantly and I believe it's estimated to be dropped by 20 to 30% I think it was. So basically for McCory um let me just zoom in in McCory released a a a talk about this or a article and well no not McCory didn't release article mccori told all the brokers but basically there'll be like a 25 to 33% in slash in your borrowing capacity. So if you were borrowing 1.7 mil for example, it's going to drop to 1.27. So how a lot of um first home buyers are trying to rent out their property uh or try to get an investment loan first and then possibly renovate the property later and then move into it. That's like their go game plan to be able to acquire an asset in um in Sydney for example. Now they now their borrowing power has been slashed because they've lost negative gearing. Um, and this is a big impact. It's not tax related, but it does impact your borrowing capacity and it just reduces your ability to buy. Now, if you're buying your home and you weren't going to rent it out at all, it doesn't really change anything because you weren't going to be able to get negative gearing in the first place. But if you were buying rent vesting for example or you know buying a property that you're going to rent out at first to be able to acquire the asset and then eventually when you pay down the loan you can move into it. Can't do that anymore. That's the struggle. You won't be able to do any of that anymore because your borrowing capacity has dropped significantly and the negative gearing uh abolishing of negative gearing after 12th of May would prevent that from happening. Any questions guys? No. Cool. I'll carry on now. Uh 30% tax so on trust no refundable credits on individuals and no credits to bucket companies. So now everyone knows about this. So this this new structure uh is a structure that we're thinking of applying but only around 2027 to 2028 is when we start implementing it. I don't think we need to implement it now. Right. I actually think that we can still stick with the old structure which some of our clients already still have which is this structure here where it's a discretionary trust and the bucket companies kept separate. Why do I prefer this bucket company separate is because of the fact that you can distribute profits to a um pay the taxes on the income that you're generating in your business and then distribute it to a family trust and then the family trust and then distribute to a bucket company with the franking credits and there's no top up tax or if there is it's 5% only. All right. And then this is completely isolated out of your business. And if uh and your assets uh your other assets and then if you ever sell your business your trading company for example or trading company one or two then you can take the capital gain apply 50% discount up to 1 of July 2027 and then indexation after that and then still use the CGT concessions to maybe even reduce your taxes even more and then give it to the owner A or owner B distributed to owner A or owner B. Now that still is great. So I would allow I would actually try from the next two years extract as much income and profits out of the business um where you can give it to the bucket company invest using a buck company. Now after 1 of July 2028 if the laws get passed and the legislation gets put in place then you then do a restructure and you slot in a holding company here. Now once you've slot in the whole company, you would still have a bucket company that's sitting here and that bucket company would have enjoyed the two years from 2026 all the way to 2020 uh 8 1 of July uh where the profits been taken out and then you've enjoyed a 30% tax by drawing that profits out. Hopefully this bucket company within the next two years will be positively geared. Right? If it's positively geared, that's great. If it's not positively geared, you won't distribute any profits from the trading company over to the family trust to to distribute here. You'll just take the profits from uh the money from owner A or owner B to to pay down the negative gearing here because you'll need to extract funds elsewhere. Or you just pay a big dividend to just get it positively geared. So there's no negative gearing here cuz if you negative gear a bucket company after 20 28 like it's a negative gearing doesn't work. That's bas that's basically what I'm trying to say. So you don't want to do negative gearing here. You want to try to turn it positively geared. That's the goal. So you just pay it down the loan obviously and then it'll be positive gear and then negative gearing won't need to be applied because when you start generating income from trading company one or two like your businesses or your PI the goal is to pay down uh loans that don't give you negative gearing the loans that you have negative gearing in. If say you're investor you still you've got some investments already um you'll probably keep those loans you'll probably keep those properties too. So the new properties you'll try to try to make it positively geared. That's the goal. Yeah. And you can't borrow as much anymore. So therefore the the high there's a higher chance of positive gearing um nowadays because the finance companies or the bro uh the banks won't allow you to um negative gear as much anymore. All right. So that's why bucket companies still ex work. You shouldn't you shouldn't restructure out of this. If you in the last 12 months have set up a bucket company from with your family trust then you should still utilize it. You shouldn't change that structure. Now the issue is uh you have to slot in a holding company after 1 of July 2028. And the reason being is because the money can't just go from this trading company over to a family trust and then to a buck company if you want to buy another asset. All right. And then what the uh what the government's trying to do is stop that from happening and they want the money to go straight to the individual owners or beneficiaries. Now that the tax rate is going to be really high if that money goes in, right? So the tax rates here um in your personal names can be anywhere between most likely 37% to 45%. So it's quite high if you don't have a bucket company. Now, that's where we have this strategy that we used to back in 2017 advise clients on. It's and again remember holding companies aren't designed just to evade taxes. That's not the whole point of it. The whole point of a holding company is to hold your assets to protect it, right? Asset protection. So if you pass the profits from a trading company over to a holding company and slot in um a holding company in between then you can hold uh you can start utilizing this holding company as the investment vehicle. It could be a bucket company. Now if you want to keep things simp uh if you want to complicate things a bit and protect your assets you might instead keep that bucket company there separately for for the investment that's positive again. But for the new investments, you you will slot in a holding company and you may create a new bucket company and call it bucket company number two to hold other assets. It's very complicated now, a lot more complicated than before. So this is bucket company number two and that bucket company number two would hold hold the second or third asset that you're purchasing while you're ripping profits out of the business. Now, you can not you can decide not to use this at all and then just use buy assets in the holding company. Okay? If you paid it out to a family trust, I don't think it's a good idea to buy through a family trust. Reason being is because um of land tax purposes, land tax issues. Uh another issue is um the 30% tax that isn't credited and but here you got a 25% tax. So why not slot the holding company? The another question that was asked in the previous webinar is like how do we do this without triggering CGT? There is a division 615 I think it was called that allows you to roll over uh a company put a company the shares of a company from a trust um into a holding company as long as the holding company owns like the the shares of um the trading companies that you're selling. So um so as long as like there's no change or ultimate economic benefit then um it's a the capital gain gets disregarded. So it's possible to do now. I wouldn't really uh encourage you guys to do this until later on down the track unless you're planning to do it in the first place. Um but yeah, I would have a holding company in here and the holding company can own assets if you want to keep it less complex. If you want to make sure you protect your assets, then you may set up a second bucket company and hold assets there separated from this holding company. Reason being is if you're doing a development, if you're doing something that's riskier, um, and or you're renting it out and the tenants sue you, for example, I don't know, something happens and they sue you, for example, they can go after the holding company and the holding company is the keys to the kingdom as well. Same issue about having the family trust as the asset owner. So that's why the holding company should should lend the money to a buck company and then the bucket company number two would invest. So now holding company will have a loan uh to bucket company two and if bucket company 2 goes bust or something happens then at least holding company can just draw back that the cash that was uh lent to them. So there's a bit of asset protection as well that again depending on your rules um sorry depending on your situation uh you may decide to use company too or just hold all your assets and hold holding company or hold code. Yeah, but that's the kind of structure I would be setting up. Now this actually creates a bit of issues, right? The biggest issue is who the hell is going to pay for the cost of a restructure? That's the big issue that I think the um the government hasn't really thought about. And what happens if the asset isn't a company or shares, it's goodwill or it's um a property. Okay. A lot of people haven't really taken consideration that when you're selling shares or property or goodwill um there could be stamp duty purposes. You know how when you're transferring a a car, motor vehicle over to uh someone else's name or your personal name from a company, you still have to pay stamp duty, right? The ATO doesn't really worry about stamp duty. It's the state governments and you know, Victoria, New South Wales, Queensland have all kept quiet about this. So in New South Wales, there's no stamp duty on shares transfer, but in Queensland there's stamp duty on share transfers. So if your your shares are worth like a million dollars or $2 million because your business is worth that much then you're going to have to pay like three to 5% in stamp due. So that's why I'm holding out like I I don't think you should restructure until 2028 until the rollover reliefs are there if there and then if the state governments come to the party to help. Now, if it doesn't, then I actually think that uh the chances I I could be wrong, but I think the chances of this getting implemented like the the trust uh 30% tax because it's after the federal elections, there might be a chance it might not happen. Yeah, there may be. Okay, don't count me on it, but there may not be because the Liberal government, if Liberal or whoever goes in, they were like, well, this these changes are just going to cost a lot of people money um for restructuring. Um and accountants will have to relearn the way we do things. It's the accounting fees are going to go up, restructuring costs are going to go up. Well, restructuring cost is going to be outlaid by the clients and small businesses and investors. And on top of that, stamp duty. who's going to pay for stamp duty because the government the state governments probably would still need to charge for those costs. And then there's valuations like you have to revalue all the properties. So there's cost in that too. It's going to cost like five easily five to 20 grand in cost to um value the companies to set up a new companies and um the advice on the structure. So that's why I'm saying that people should kick up a stink about this 30% tax uh on trust because it's going to change everything. The whole point of trust is for asset protection and it just caused a significant issues. Yeah. So anyway people I have been just so you know um two weeks ago I made a comment online and I made a comment about how like I'm just going to focus on doing what I'm do best which is accounting and taxes. I'm not going to complain. and someone called me out on it and I I totally agreed with them after I thought about it and I said this is completely wrong. It shouldn't happen. And so I reached out to a few business uh uh colleagues of mine like few small businesses that have been really big on in the um industry making massive comments speaking to the government and I've given them information about like how it's going to impact small businesses and investors and the general public and so um they've taken that to the politicians and hopefully some change happens but so far from what I'm hearing the Labor government is not listening at all. So anyway, I'm trying I'm trying in my part. Now, uh what else is going to be problem is the Yeah, I already mentioned the trust tax rules are going to go uh the trust tax returns are going to go higher and higher because of the cost. So initially we charge we charge trust tax returns. Um if you look at our website half the prices of what we charge business clients like right companies and trust like as a running a business it's about four grand to five grand right if you're investment and because you're you hold a discretionary trust and it just holds assets it's cheapest 1,500. now because of the fact that we had to do all those tax calculations and you know there's CGT and then there's no negative gearing and then there's um the fact that there's a 30% tax implication and then there's refundable tax credits and non-refundable tax credits. The cost of this is going to go higher and then who's going to bear the cost on it? Yeah. So anyway, massive issue there on that like we still have to do so much work as a result. I'm not complaining. I'm just saying that it's really crap for business owners and investors. If you guys have any more questions, feel free to reach out to me on um Instagram, LinkedIn, or whatever, and I'll see if I can help you guys out. If you're not a client, if you're a client, email me or give me a call. See you guys soon. Bye-bye.

  Top Comments:
  1. @ProdigalInk: 🧳💼✈️🫡

- 2026 YG PLAN | YG ANNOUNCEMENT REACTION: Kind: captions Language: en All right, everybody. So, today we're checking out YG. This is the 2026 YG plan. So, you know how YG is. He always gives us hopefully he gives us some good stuff, man. He always like gives us like good stuff but not enough of the good stuff. He like tells us a little bit but he doesn't go into enough of it. So, I do n't know if we're going to get more uh like auditions from the new monsters or if we're going to get if they're going to give us more of the new monsters. Uh, I'm guessing we're going to get some Black Pink updates, some baby monster updates, some treasure updates, uh maybe something possible about the new boy group as well. Uh, I do n't know, but uh you guys let me know what you think. I'm going to go ahead and hop into it. Uh, if you guys want to see my content before anybody else hit the button today. But let's do this. On yuff. yes . hello. This is YJ Yang Hyun-suk. It seems like it has been about six months since I last greeted you. I will now tell you about the YJMs that will be announced this year . yes. We are planning to release a mini album around early May. Baby Monster's new album title is " Ah, Dance." Dance. Dance. I think the font for "Dance" written in Korean has an Oriental feel to it and looks really cool. I will release this song called "Dance" first, and although I can't really tell you the title yet, there is another powerful Talt song different from "Dance," so I think a new album might be released during the Baby Mo era that you probably haven't heard before. I would like to express my determination and promise that I definitely want to release a full-length album around October in the fall . Bemonster performed in LA and New York just one year after their debut. And now, starting in June, we will create an opportunity for the second World Tour to take place, with Bebimon’s biggest world tour visiting Monstige, this time not only in the Americas but also in South America, Europe, and Oceania In the last interview, I mentioned that TREASURE's second act was beginning, but that was when the previous album was already completed. I would like to suggest that TREASURE's second album might be the one that signals the beginning of that second act. Suddenly, one day the TREASURE members came to us and said, "We want to do hip-hop ." After hearing this, I was surprised. If you look at this album and see the hip-hop style the members wanted, you'll think, " Oh, this is TREASURE." I think this might be an album that surprises you a little, as it shows that TREASURE is making music that makes you rise . We have worked hard to prepare this album with cool, YG-style hip-hop songs that TREASURE has never shown before, so I think you can all look forward to it. So, in what form will this album be released, and around when? TREASURE has an Asia tour remaining until May . yes. So, I'm planning to release a mini album in June. Since we are thinking about the next world tour starting early next year, T5's activities this year will also feature the three rappers, right? yes. They have been born with a new name, and we are also planning activities for these friends. We are working hard on preparations, so you can look forward to it YG has been around for 30 years, and I wonder how that has turned out . hmm. hmm. well. Oddly enough, this year is YJ's 30th anniversary, but it is also Blackpink's 10th anniversary. It's Big Bang's 20th anniversary. Uh, wow, it's really hard for them to overlap like this. How did this happen? It doesn't feel like the 30th anniversary . yes. Because, looking ahead to the 40th and 50th anniversaries, I feel like the only thing I can say is that I will always work hard here with a mindset of never losing sight of my original intentions . As you mentioned, we can't leave out Big Bang. The consciousness update will actually be the key point of my story today . I think the reason people miss Big Bang, the most successful male group in Y, and wait for their concerts is simply because they want to hear those numerous hit songs they have sung over the years live on stage again To put it bluntly, we have agreed to hold a Big Bang concert this year to celebrate the 20th anniversary of Big Bang . We announce that Big Bang 's global concert tour will begin Since the company and the singers have been working together for such a long time, I don't think there will be any difficulties. All the staff will do their utmost to create a perfect and excellent performance befitting the name Big Bang yes. Crazy. Final farewell. Well , it's been six months since I last greeted you. yes. It was really hectic. yes. I think BMONS and TREASURE really did their best to be active this year. I have refined the results of my best efforts to make them even more relatable and present them to you all. We will bring you good news throughout the year . I will greet you all next time . thank you So, we're going to get the next two members of that to of the next monster. All I can't wait to see the next two members. That's We got to see them soon, YG. You got to bring them to a suit. I got like goose bumps when I read that. Definitely looking forward to it. All right, so huge announcement. We got Big Bang coming back for a special performance. That's going to be insane. I don't think anybody was expecting that. I really don't think expecting that at all. Baby Monster News. We got a mini album coming May. A uh full album coming in the fall. Amazing. It looks like we're going to get for Treasure News. We got them coming back with the mini album in June. We got a lot here. We got the next monster or next monster. We got the two new other the two new members coming up as well. I can't wait for their debut uh or their, you know, their debut to us, you know, for us to check them out. That's going to be so cool. But man, that was a lot of cool announcements there. That was some really cool stuff. I ca n't wait. You guys let me know what you think in the comments below and uh go check out my Black Pink Baby Monster treasure big bang reactions, all that stuff.

  Top Comments:
  1. @antoniomunozcalvillo7709 [3 likes]: Babymonster in Europe, i cant wait, i need It in Barcelona!!!!!😅😅😅😊😊😊
  2. @atxy04 [2 likes]: As Yoshi said at live "our next comeback will be a return to hip-hop concepts"
  3. @wiinnnn___ [2 likes]: YG Family Family Family ! ! ! 🔥
  4. @wiinnnn___ [2 likes]: YG DNA ! ! ! 🔥
  5. @dagsmaddison8661: You missed the very ending
  6. @AmazonwebTv: THE WARNING - KEROSENE

- HARRY POTTER & THE HALF-BLOOD PRINCE MOVIE REACTION We Are In Complete DENIAL Over Dumbledore’s Fate: Kind: captions Language: en Oh, what? Scared. Oh, cool. Jenny's&nbsp; looking older. What the hell? He's&nbsp;&nbsp; bleeding. Bleeding. She's the best. Oh my gosh. This is the rejation. Five, six. Count them. Harry&nbsp; Potter 6. Harry Potter the half blood prince.&nbsp;&nbsp; There you go. Half blood. We're two together. So&nbsp; that would be a quarter of each of us is a prince.&nbsp;&nbsp; And I'm not going to tell you guys which&nbsp; quarter. That's for you to guess and us to&nbsp;&nbsp; know inside. What? Just let it be. Uh listen,&nbsp; we've been on this Harry Potter journey with&nbsp;&nbsp; you guys and it has been wild. We're If this was&nbsp; television, we would call this the penultimate&nbsp;&nbsp; episode. We are getting down to it. Is there&nbsp; going to be a war? What is going to happen? We&nbsp;&nbsp; lost our dude Sirius. Who's coming through&nbsp; as the dark arts professor in this movie?&nbsp;&nbsp; And will they make it out alive? That is&nbsp; always the question. LJ, how you doing,&nbsp;&nbsp; my dude? I'm just concerned for Roxy. Yeah, that's&nbsp; it. I am the dark arts professor right now. Will&nbsp;&nbsp; she make it out of this? Um, I appreciate&nbsp; you. For those of you guys who do not know,&nbsp;&nbsp; LJ has been like redonkulously supportive.&nbsp; Uh, as we have been filming this, I have been&nbsp;&nbsp; going through my egg freezing journey and I am&nbsp; super duper sick. So, uh, Harry Potter has been&nbsp;&nbsp; an unbelievable escape for me. I love living in&nbsp; Hogwarts for a couple hours every single shoot.&nbsp;&nbsp; It makes me feel so much better and happier.&nbsp; So, thank you guys for being supportive and&nbsp;&nbsp; along this journey with us. Hopefully, I&nbsp; have um little Hermiones one day and not&nbsp;&nbsp; little Draco. Imagine if little Draco are living&nbsp; inside me right now. Don't say that. Yeah. Don't&nbsp;&nbsp; even put that out there. What if they're little&nbsp; umbridges? Worst villain. Meanest villain of all&nbsp;&nbsp; time. Big smile. Before I say something stupid,&nbsp; shall we watch Harry Potter 6? Let's do it. Okay. Oh. Oh gosh. Don't mock me. It's taunting.&nbsp; Yeah, she really is. I like that you didn't&nbsp;&nbsp; say don't mock Harry. You said don't mock me&nbsp; because I took it so seriously. Oh my gosh.&nbsp;&nbsp; Is this happening like right after?&nbsp; I don't know. It does seem that way. What are those rings? What jewelry you&nbsp; got, Dumbledore? Share with the class.&nbsp;&nbsp; Statement piece or like a family crest? Who is&nbsp; Dumbledore's family? I would be curious. Yeah,&nbsp;&nbsp; they haven't mentioned anything about&nbsp; his personal life. Whoa, that's creepy. crossing over to like the real world. Oh my. So&nbsp; this you said this is David Yates again. Oh yes.&nbsp;&nbsp; Oh no. This is like the Quidditch situation. Oh&nbsp; shoot. Chill. Chill David. Chill. Chill. Holy&nbsp;&nbsp; [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] The video game. Yeah. Yep. Nope. Just stop&nbsp; right there. Let's chill here for a minute. Death&nbsp;&nbsp; Eaters. Why isn't he in a mask? Yeah. Okay. Oh.&nbsp; Oh, nope. We're still moving. We're on the move. This looks like a completely different movie&nbsp; and like a franchise form of CG than Oh my gosh. Okay. The chosen one. Ooh, Draco. Malfway's wife and son leave&nbsp; the trial. Fallen from Greece. Oh. Oh,&nbsp;&nbsp; they left him. Yeah. Aspen's latest resident. Did&nbsp; you see that? Wow. Yeah. Yeah. Couple nights ago,&nbsp;&nbsp; I could have sworn I saw a picture of&nbsp; me. Really? Well, I was going around a&nbsp;&nbsp; twist. For a twist. I was wondering 11. That's&nbsp; when I get off. What about Cho? I know. Yeah. Let's say magic. You're Oh. Oh my gosh. Magic.&nbsp; What's up, Dumbledore? Yeah, that's cool. He's&nbsp;&nbsp; Jay chilling. I know. Dumbledore. So still always&nbsp; very stoic. I like riding around on trains. Takes&nbsp;&nbsp; my mind off things. Interesting. Different&nbsp; dynamic. Definitely. The tale is thrilling&nbsp;&nbsp; if I say so myself. But now is not the time to&nbsp; tell us. Huh? Take my arm. Take my hand. We'll&nbsp;&nbsp; make it. I swear. Oh no. You're going to miss&nbsp; the chick. Oh man. And you checked your breath&nbsp;&nbsp; and everything. You could evaporated, didn't I?&nbsp; Indeed, he just what? Evaporated. I'm vomit. I&nbsp;&nbsp; don't can't imagine why. Don't mention vomit,&nbsp; dude. Welcome to the charming village of Bundy&nbsp;&nbsp; Babson. Harry, I assume right about now, you&nbsp; must be wondering why I brought you here. Yep.&nbsp;&nbsp; Am I right? Yeah. Actually, sir, after all&nbsp; these years, I just sort of go with this.&nbsp;&nbsp; No one ever explains anything to Harry anyway.&nbsp; One, Harry. Oh, it's nice to see them as a duo. What? Where's the blood dripping from?&nbsp; Can't be a good sign for Horus. Yeah. Oh,&nbsp;&nbsp; that's like a horror movie reveal. Half&nbsp; blood. Oh, no. Oh, no. Why would you do that?&nbsp;&nbsp; Merlin bear. Oh my god. No need to disfigure&nbsp; me, Elvis. Well, I must say you make a very&nbsp;&nbsp; convincing armchair, Horus. It's all in the&nbsp; upholstery. I'd like you to meet an old friend&nbsp;&nbsp; and colleague of mine, Horus Slugghorn. Horus,&nbsp; great character actor. This is Harry Potter. I&nbsp;&nbsp; like that he said that. At least now we know&nbsp; everyone knows Harry at this point. Like,&nbsp;&nbsp; come on. You weren't by any chance waiting for&nbsp; someone else for a year. The Death Eaters have&nbsp;&nbsp; been trying to recruit me for over a year.&nbsp; Do you know what that's like? Whoa. I think&nbsp;&nbsp; we should put it back in order for him. Don't&nbsp; you? Fine. Bippity boppity boop, baby. Wow,&nbsp;&nbsp; how useful. Why did he just have dragon's&nbsp; blood on hand? Yeah. Does Horus own a dragon? This looks really cool. Oh, if cleaning was that&nbsp; easy. Don't think I don't know why you're here,&nbsp;&nbsp; Albert. Salutely and unequivocally. To join&nbsp; the order. Oh, makes sense because one side&nbsp;&nbsp; of the army versus the other. Look very like&nbsp; your father. I love when people know his dad.&nbsp;&nbsp; Even more impressive when one consider she was&nbsp; muggle for one of my best friends is muggle. Oh,&nbsp;&nbsp; so her parents were muggles. Look, there she&nbsp; is right at the front. Yeah, cuz they met in&nbsp;&nbsp; Hogwarts, so they must be Oh, right. That's right.&nbsp; That's right. Never mind then. Sorry guys at home.&nbsp;&nbsp; We're It's a lot of information for our first time&nbsp; watching this. You recognize Barnabas Cup, editor&nbsp;&nbsp; of the Daily Prophet. Always takes my owl should&nbsp; I wish to register an opinion on the news of the&nbsp;&nbsp; day. Quog Jones, captain of the Holly head half&nbsp; his free tickets whenever I want. Cuz I haven't&nbsp;&nbsp; been to a match in some time. Regularus Black.&nbsp; You no doubt know his older brother Sirius died&nbsp;&nbsp; boy. I got Regulus when he came along of course&nbsp; but I'd like the set. Interesting. You mind if I&nbsp;&nbsp; take this? I wish they were twins so it could be&nbsp; Gary Oldman again. Oh, yeah. That'd be cool. Yes,&nbsp;&nbsp; of course. But you're not leaving, are you?&nbsp; Oh, I think I I know a lost cause when I see&nbsp;&nbsp; one. I would have considered it a great personal&nbsp; triumph and you consented to return to Hawk. Oh,&nbsp;&nbsp; dark arts. One of a kind. Well, bye-bye, Horus.&nbsp; Reverse psychology. Yeah, it seems like that. All&nbsp;&nbsp; right, I'll do it. What Professor Mary thoughts&nbsp; old office, not the water closet I had before.&nbsp;&nbsp; And I expect your raise. It's a mad time&nbsp; to live in mad. You are talented, famous,&nbsp;&nbsp; and powerful. Everything Horus values. Oh, he&nbsp; used him as bait. You would be his crowning&nbsp;&nbsp; jewel. That's why he's returning to Hogwarts. And&nbsp; it's crucial he should return. I fear I may have&nbsp;&nbsp; stolen a wondrous night from you, Harry. She was&nbsp; truthfully very pretty. Come on, dude. Yeah. Go&nbsp;&nbsp; back tomorrow. Make some excuse. Oh, you'll&nbsp; not be returning to little winging tonight,&nbsp;&nbsp; Harry. But sir, what about Hedwig and my trunk?&nbsp; You sign for them. We're going to do that. Yeah,&nbsp;&nbsp; Dumbledore is never looking. He's just always&nbsp; kind of looking off. It's so interesting. He's got stoner energy. Wise and at&nbsp; peace. Take your word for that. Oh. Oh,&nbsp;&nbsp; is that You've met them before. Oh, I didn't.&nbsp; Yeah, I didn't recognize. No, I meant people who&nbsp;&nbsp; are have stone. Yes. Yes. Twig. Jenny's looking&nbsp; older. Jenny, what is it? I was only wondering&nbsp;&nbsp; when Harry got here. She's obsessed with Harry.&nbsp; There's trunks in the kitchen. And is Al. But no,&nbsp;&nbsp; dear. I seriously doubt that. What? Where's&nbsp; Weasley? Yeah. Why do you got to doubt it? Oh, she's taller than him now. Yeah. Shut up.&nbsp; Oh, Hermione. Why is Hermione always here? Yeah,&nbsp;&nbsp; we don't see Hermione's like family and stuff.&nbsp; Yeah. So, when did you get here? A few days ago.&nbsp;&nbsp; Why though? For a while, I wasn't sure I was&nbsp; coming. Yeah. Who told you to come? Mom sort&nbsp;&nbsp; of lost it last week. Said Jenny and I had no&nbsp; business going back to Hog. What? Scared? Even&nbsp;&nbsp; my parents, their muggles, knew something&nbsp; bad's happening. Anyway, dad stepped in,&nbsp;&nbsp; told us she was being barmy. Being barmy barmy.&nbsp; Dumbledore's got a bit old. Rubbish. He's only 150. Holy hell. Wow, Draco watching his dad go through that trial.&nbsp; I'm super curious what what kind of Draco we get&nbsp;&nbsp; in this movie, right? Everything's so gray, dude.&nbsp; The dark who trusts him. The darken. That's Helena&nbsp;&nbsp; Bottom Carter talking, right? Who is she talking&nbsp; with? A newer character. Oh, is Draco the half&nbsp;&nbsp; blood prince? Well, he's a pure blood. We know.&nbsp; Oh, that's right now. Duh. God dang it. Well,&nbsp;&nbsp; it depends on what half blood means. You know,&nbsp; if it was about magic or Oh, ew, this dude. Perhaps Voldemort. No, he's fullblood, too. One&nbsp; tail. Snape. Why are they visiting you? The dark&nbsp;&nbsp; lord himself obeyed me to speak of this. You&nbsp; ought not to speak, Dell. We mustn't touch&nbsp;&nbsp; what isn't. Are they recruiting him? Yeah.&nbsp; What the heck? We know he was a death eater&nbsp;&nbsp; at some point. Yeah. The dark lord told you. Your&nbsp; sister doubts me. Understandable. Over the years,&nbsp;&nbsp; I played my part. Dumbledore is a great&nbsp; wizard. I don't doubt you, Seus. As Draco. Oh,&nbsp;&nbsp; is is that the wife of Lucius? I can't change&nbsp; the dark lord's minds. It might be possible&nbsp;&nbsp; for me to help Draco. Draco's her son. Seear to&nbsp; it. But if she's Draco's aunt Yeah. Then Sirius&nbsp;&nbsp; is Draco's uncle. They would be all related.&nbsp; It's just empty words. He'll give it his best.&nbsp;&nbsp; This is getting confusing. What the heck? He'll&nbsp; just slither back to the There's no way Snape's&nbsp;&nbsp; actually bad. There's no way. Coward. Yeah.&nbsp; Take out your one. I'll be devastated. Yeah,&nbsp;&nbsp; that would suck. Will you serious Snape&nbsp; watch as he attempts to fulfill the dark?&nbsp;&nbsp; Whoa. What the heck? Will you yourself carry&nbsp; out the deed the dark has ordered a drink?&nbsp;&nbsp; What is it to kill Harry? I'd assume so. I Oh,&nbsp; good lord. Does that make it binding? Yeah. Some&nbsp;&nbsp; sort of scar. Maybe his fingers were crossed.&nbsp; That just prevents the spell or whatever or the&nbsp;&nbsp; binds the contract. Just in time for schooling.&nbsp; They must have graduated, right? Yeah. Handsome. This is their job after Hogwarts own a business.&nbsp; Hello ladies. You're doing just fine on your own.&nbsp;&nbsp; Meaning, are you not currently dating Dean Thomas?&nbsp; None of your business. Who is that? Oh, um, that&nbsp;&nbsp; actor. How much for me? Five gallions. I'm your&nbsp; brother. 10 gallions. This is fun. I won. Oh, wow. Yeah, the world is expanding. Or I guess&nbsp; we're finding out more stuff. This is cool.&nbsp;&nbsp; Fred reckons people need a lot these days.&nbsp; I reckon he's right. They're doing a great&nbsp;&nbsp; job with the shop. Everyone got their ones&nbsp; from Ollivanders. They're closed. Wow. Oh,&nbsp;&nbsp; people aren't coming back to Hogwarts&nbsp; cuz they're scared. Yeah, that sucks.&nbsp;&nbsp; Is it me or do Draco and Mommy look like&nbsp; two people who don't want to be followed? Yes, Ron. That's who we saw at the&nbsp; beginning. Yeah, Finn Rur Rayback. Uh, it's kind of giving Whailing Wall vibes. I'm excited to see this Draco stuff all pay&nbsp; off because we've just been Draco's been a huge&nbsp;&nbsp; question mark. Just been like the school bully&nbsp; and then does he have more? But is there more?&nbsp;&nbsp; Yeah. Is he his dad or is he a bully? And now&nbsp; the Snape stuff. This is all fascinating. Yeah. Careful. Don't make a noise or whatever. Good lord. That's the guy who's&nbsp; wanted. Yeah. Wanted dead or alive. Looks like a werewolf. He really&nbsp; does. Yeah. Supernatural creature&nbsp;&nbsp; of some kind. Yeah. Going back&nbsp; to Hogwarts. We got that theme. I was just going to say I hope Luna's in this&nbsp; movie. There you go. Yeah. They've been known&nbsp;&nbsp; to sing on Boxing Day, you know. Quibbler.&nbsp; What's a Rex bat? Invisible creatures. They&nbsp;&nbsp; float in your ears and make your brain go fuzzy.&nbsp; What? She The Norwalls, the quibble. She just&nbsp;&nbsp; girl is unique. Yeah, definitely. So, what was&nbsp; Draco doing with that weird looking cabinet? It&nbsp;&nbsp; was a ceremony. Stop it, Harry. I know where&nbsp; you're going with this. It's happened. Bro,&nbsp;&nbsp; this is how we the OG train scene. Harry is&nbsp; under the impression Draco Malfoy is now a&nbsp;&nbsp; death eater. You're barking. Why are you&nbsp; guys so surprised with that? Yeah. What?&nbsp;&nbsp; You saw your his dad browsing for furniture.&nbsp; It's a creepy shop. Was a creepy bloke. Look,&nbsp;&nbsp; father is a death eater. It only makes sense.&nbsp; Yeah. What are you guys talking about? That&nbsp;&nbsp; you're saw it with her own eyes. I told you. I&nbsp; don't know what I saw. Why are you in in such&nbsp;&nbsp; denial? Yeah. What the heck? Like even if&nbsp; he's not, it's a possibility clearly. Yeah. Was that the invisibility cloak?&nbsp; Oh, he didn't use it last movie,&nbsp;&nbsp; dude. Yeah. And we also haven't used&nbsp; the time warping thing. Yeah. Like,&nbsp;&nbsp; use your resources wisely. Good tools. Draco looks&nbsp; like a full-blown adult. Now it's crazy. Yeah. I thought it was the cloak he was&nbsp; carrying, but now it looks like a&nbsp;&nbsp; little rock. Oh. Relax, boys. It's probably&nbsp; just a person messing around. First year. Oh, those two. Crab and Doyle. Yeah.&nbsp; What a pathetic excuse for a school. Oh,&nbsp;&nbsp; really? Pissed myself off the astronomy&nbsp; tower if I thought I'd continue for another&nbsp;&nbsp; two years. What's that supposed to mean? Yeah,&nbsp; it does. I mean, let's just say I don't think&nbsp;&nbsp; you'll see me wasting my time in charms class&nbsp; next year. See just who's laughing in the end.&nbsp;&nbsp; Wow, this is a next level&nbsp; Draco. Yeah. What's in that bag? Hagrid. Yeah. So many hints pointing at that&nbsp; direction. I wonder if it's like a bait and&nbsp;&nbsp; switch. Yeah. Red herring. You two go on.&nbsp; Want to check something. He wants to check&nbsp;&nbsp; the bag or does he have the invisibility&nbsp; cloak on right now? Right. Oh. Whoa.&nbsp;&nbsp; No one noticed that. I'm going to tell you it&nbsp; was rude to ease drop. Potter, put your palace. Wow. Observant as [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] She was dead before you&nbsp; could wipe the drool off your chin. Why is he Oh,&nbsp;&nbsp; what the heck? The spell must have stupified&nbsp; him, right? Enjoy your ride back to London.&nbsp;&nbsp; Ow. Wow. Wow. He's powerful. Yeah. And that was&nbsp; the first time he physically harmed Harry. Like,&nbsp;&nbsp; yeah, we saw it when they were early on&nbsp; playing with the brooms. Right, right,&nbsp;&nbsp; right. But that was like child's&nbsp; play, literally. Oh, what the Oh, Luna. Whoa. She's about to find Harry and N. Luna, good job, Curly. Hello, Harry. How do&nbsp; you know where I was? Rexerts. Your head's&nbsp;&nbsp; full of them. She's so unique. Oh, yeah. It's&nbsp; all real and effectively useful. Sorry I made&nbsp;&nbsp; you miss the carriages. By the way, Luna,&nbsp; it's like being with a friend. I am your&nbsp;&nbsp; friend here. That's nice. I've been looking&nbsp; all over for you two. Who are those people? Whoa, that's fun. Why does he want a walking&nbsp; stick? I can vouch for Mr. Malfoy. Nice faith,&nbsp;&nbsp; Potter. Did he break his nose? Look at his nose. Would you like me to fix it for you? Personally,&nbsp; I think you look a bit more devil make hair this&nbsp;&nbsp; way. But have you ever fixed the nose before?&nbsp; No, but I've done several toes. How different are&nbsp;&nbsp; they really? Okay. Yeah, give it a go. Careful.&nbsp; Ah, I want there to be a toe on his face. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; how do I look? exceptionally ordinary. She's&nbsp; the best. I want her and Neville to get together&nbsp;&nbsp; or something. Like that'd be interesting. It's&nbsp; just that I love them both so much. What a fun&nbsp;&nbsp; character Luna is. Yes. You stop eating. Your best&nbsp; friend is missing. Turn around, you lunatic. He's&nbsp;&nbsp; covered in blood again. Why is it he's always&nbsp; covered in blood? Half blood. Your face. Sort&nbsp;&nbsp; urges all to be brave and strong in these troubled&nbsp; times. Easy for it to say, huh? Is that Neville?&nbsp;&nbsp; Very best of evenings to you all. First off,&nbsp; let me introduce the newest member of our staff,&nbsp;&nbsp; Horus Stubble. Yay. I hope he's a good guy. Has&nbsp; agreed to resume his old post. Okay. Meanwhile,&nbsp;&nbsp; the post of defense against the dark arts will&nbsp; be taken by Professor Snake. He's been vying for&nbsp;&nbsp; that position for time. Wow. There was a young&nbsp; man who like you sat in this very hall. Tom&nbsp;&nbsp; Riddle. He seemed to all the world a student&nbsp; like any other. Yeah. Tom Riddle. Okay. He's&nbsp;&nbsp; known all over the world by another name. I'm&nbsp; reminded of a sobering fact. Every day, every&nbsp;&nbsp; hour. Cool shot. Dark forces attempt to penetrate&nbsp; this castle's wall. Their greatest weapon is you.&nbsp;&nbsp; Interesting. Draco looks tapped. Yeah. Now off to&nbsp; bed. That was cheerful. Feel like Dumbledore must&nbsp;&nbsp; know that Draco is right. Lucius's son and there&nbsp; could be something there. Some connection or Yeah.&nbsp;&nbsp; kind of. Okay, good. More McGonical the better.&nbsp; Yeah, Mr. Davis, that is the girl's laboratory. That felt jk coded. Yeah, good point. Good&nbsp; point. I had a free period this morning. Or&nbsp;&nbsp; is it no longer your ambition to become an orura?&nbsp; But Professor Shorn is perfectly happy to accept&nbsp;&nbsp; mute students with exceeds expectations. Are those&nbsp; grades? Potter, take Weasley with you. He looks&nbsp;&nbsp; far too happy over there. The owls were that exam.&nbsp; Ah, Harry, my boy is beginning to worry. Wrong. We&nbsp;&nbsp; sir, I'm dead for a potion. And Hermione looking&nbsp; at her. That's funny. As I was saying, I prepared&nbsp;&nbsp; some concoctions. Any ideas what these might be?&nbsp; I like that he was nice to them. We keep seeing&nbsp;&nbsp; so many people be mean. Yeah, we did that. Yeah,&nbsp; that one there is. Oh, we know we know a lot about What the Why are they fighting for it? What the&nbsp; heck? What? It's rumored to smell differently to&nbsp;&nbsp; each person according to what attracts them. Oh,&nbsp; interesting. Freshly moan grass and parchment and&nbsp;&nbsp; spearmint. Oh, no. Scared that girl's going to&nbsp; use it on Ron. It does cause powerful infatuation&nbsp;&nbsp; or obsession. Interesting. It is probably the&nbsp; most dangerous potion in this room. That makes&nbsp;&nbsp; sense. The girl on the right, I recognize&nbsp; friends with um Draco, right? Yeah. Yeah,&nbsp;&nbsp; but I recognize the actress. Oh. Oh. Oh,&nbsp; gotcha. It's a curious little potion, but&nbsp;&nbsp; it is more commonly referred to as liquid luck.&nbsp; Oh, cool. Liquid luck. I would take it every day.&nbsp;&nbsp; Hell yeah. Disastrous should you get it wrong. Oh,&nbsp; one sip, you will find that all of your endeavors&nbsp;&nbsp; succeed. Oh, good lord. Why would we teach this&nbsp; to Draco? How long does the effect last? Manages&nbsp;&nbsp; to brew an acceptable draft of living death,&nbsp; which can be found on page 10 of your books.&nbsp;&nbsp; You should point out how one state did a student&nbsp; managed to brew a potion of sufficient quality&nbsp;&nbsp; to claim this prize. Who was it? Good luck&nbsp; to you all. Who is the one? Let the brewing&nbsp;&nbsp; commence. Yeah, I'd be pretty competitive, too.&nbsp; Shoot. Oh, property of the half-blood prince. Crush with blade. Maybe the halfb blood prince&nbsp; is the one who got it successfully. How did&nbsp;&nbsp; you do that? Crush it. Don't cut it. No. The&nbsp; instructions specifically say to cut. Okay. Well,&nbsp;&nbsp; be able to improvise. Come on. You asked him&nbsp; and he told you. Yeah, Hermione. Come on. Maybe the professor knew&nbsp; that that book was in there. It's like flubber. Great movie. Her hair. 13 beans. What does living death do? Oh, spirit.&nbsp; She's perfect. Wow. So perfect. I dare&nbsp;&nbsp; say one drop of killer. Oh my gosh, that's&nbsp; scary. Here we are then. As promised,&nbsp;&nbsp; one vial of Felix Felicis. Liquid luck.&nbsp; Use it well. How long does it last? Yeah. Oh, keep in the book. Yeah. God, I love this world. So cool. Definitely.&nbsp; Oh. Ah, Harry, you got my message? Come in. I&nbsp;&nbsp; know Professor Sornorn is supposed to impress&nbsp; with you. I think he overestimates my ability,&nbsp;&nbsp; sir. Oh, the book. The book&nbsp; was like cheat codes. Well,&nbsp;&nbsp; I noticed you spend a great deal of time&nbsp; with Miss Granger. Oh, no. No. I mean,&nbsp;&nbsp; she's brilliant and we're friends. I feel like&nbsp; that's to clarify for us. Yeah. Yeah. I was merely&nbsp;&nbsp; being curious. A little inappropriate to ask. For&nbsp; real. Wondering why I summoned you here tonight.&nbsp;&nbsp; But I was curious too. What you were looking at&nbsp; are memories. In this case, pertaining to one&nbsp;&nbsp; individual. Huh? Tom Riddle. This file contains&nbsp; the most particular memory of the day I first&nbsp;&nbsp; met him. Your memories in liquid form. That's&nbsp; crazy. Oh, that's right. He was doing that thing,&nbsp;&nbsp; right? The hair thing. Yeah. Yeah. Putting him&nbsp; in the cauldron. Yeah. Or whatever you call this. The way he wears his beard is fascinating.&nbsp; Yeah, that's how you look at it, bro. Crazy.&nbsp;&nbsp; That visual was absolutely sick. That was pretty&nbsp; dope. Yeah, really cool transition. Upon receiving&nbsp;&nbsp; your letter, Mr. Dumbledore orphanage. There have&nbsp; been incidents with the other children. Tom Riddle&nbsp;&nbsp; was an orphan. You have a visitor. And Dumbledore&nbsp; visited. How'd you do, Tom? Oh, he looks amazing. Whoa. Okay. I'm a professor. I think I'm&nbsp; different. I'm not mad. Hogwarts is a&nbsp;&nbsp; school. School of magic. It's like Professor&nbsp; X. Totally. You can do things, can't you,&nbsp;&nbsp; Tom? Things other children can't. I can make&nbsp; things move without touching them. Okay. Jean&nbsp;&nbsp; Gray. I can make bad things happen to people who&nbsp; are mean to me. Jeez Louise. Can make them hurt.&nbsp;&nbsp; He's been focusing on the negative because you&nbsp; can make them feel good too if you want it. Well,&nbsp;&nbsp; I'm like you, Tom. Prove it. Cool. I think there's&nbsp; something in your wardrobe trying to get out, Tom. She'll be taught not only how to use&nbsp; magic, but how to control it. Okay,&nbsp;&nbsp; you understand me? I can speak to snakes, too.&nbsp; Uh-oh. Is that normal for someone like me? Oh, that was crazy. His you saw&nbsp; Voldemort's face in that. Wow,&nbsp;&nbsp; that visual is really powerful. It's crazy.&nbsp; Did you know, sir? I know. I just met the&nbsp;&nbsp; most dangerous dark wizard of all time.&nbsp; Yeah, if I had hindsight's 2020. I get&nbsp;&nbsp; it. Tom Riddle grew close to one particular&nbsp; teacher. Snape. Or was Snape not there at&nbsp;&nbsp; the time? He didn't bring Professor Slugghorn&nbsp; back simply to teach. Oh. Oh, wow. You see,&nbsp;&nbsp; Professor Slugghorn possesses something I desire&nbsp; very dearly. A relationship with him? You said&nbsp;&nbsp; Professor Slugghorn will try to collect me. Do&nbsp; you want me to let him? You do? Yes. Oh, wow. Wow. You're So, you're being used, but I get it.&nbsp; But like, damn. At least Dumbledore's letting him&nbsp;&nbsp; in on his thought process this time. Yeah. I'm&nbsp; not going to just hide it like Yeah. But I am&nbsp;&nbsp; curious what Slugghorn possesses. Is it memories?&nbsp; What is it? Mhm. or the knowledge of when the&nbsp;&nbsp; transition was. Is that the student who made the&nbsp; thing perfectly? What? No, Slugghorn's the No,&nbsp;&nbsp; I know. I know. But like Slugghorn was referring&nbsp; to a student that made that. Could be Tom Riddle.&nbsp;&nbsp; Could be. I think it's whoever this halfblood&nbsp; prince is because that's who made Yeah. the&nbsp;&nbsp; book. Maybe Tom Riddle is the half blood prince.&nbsp; It could also be Lucius. Mhm. Sirius. Could be&nbsp;&nbsp; Harry's parents. We know his mom was muggleborn,&nbsp; not half blood, but I don't know about the dad. Oh, Sirius's brother that we just&nbsp; found out about. Oh, yeah. Regulus. Could be Snape. Did he go to Hogwarts? Wow. They're really leading you for&nbsp; Draco to be Yeah. putting you through&nbsp;&nbsp; a few drills just to assess your strength.&nbsp; Jenny, are you co- captain? Yeah. Shut it.&nbsp;&nbsp; 67. That's hilarious. Come on. The OG. But&nbsp; just because you made the team last year&nbsp;&nbsp; does not guarantee you a spot this year.&nbsp; Is that clear? Oh, I hope Ron makes it. Ron looks terrified though. Oh, feelings we&nbsp; all right. Yeah. This guy I don't know. He's&nbsp;&nbsp; uh he plays vigilante in Peacemaker.&nbsp; Oh yeah. You got more of a beat,&nbsp;&nbsp; don't you think? That's funny. Keepers&nbsp; need to be quick. He's so great. Yeah,&nbsp;&nbsp; I like my chances. Wow. I wouldn't have&nbsp; recognized him if you didn't say that. Think&nbsp;&nbsp; you could introduce me to your friend Granger?&nbsp; Oh my god. Wouldn't mind first name basis. Know&nbsp;&nbsp; what I mean? He looks so cute here. Yeah, I&nbsp; thought he looked like Hayden Christensen. Oh,&nbsp;&nbsp; I could see that. Yeah, obviously I knew it wasn't&nbsp; Hayden Christensson based on the timing, but Wow, he's so young. Uh-oh. Are you going to be okay? We will see. Oh. Oh, cool. Okay, Ron. Goalie of the year. Come on, Ron. Ron's much better than I&nbsp; thought he was, though, with those saves. That's just what I love about Gryffindor.&nbsp; Like afraid, do it anyway. Right. That's what&nbsp;&nbsp; bravery is. It's not that you're not afraid.&nbsp; It's that you do it anyway. That's true. No, don't do that. Oh, come&nbsp; on. Hey, that's not fair.&nbsp;&nbsp; It's like legitimately cheating. Yeah, for real. This chick really likes him. She's going to&nbsp; do the spell on him. I'm not I thought I was&nbsp;&nbsp; going to miss that last one. It's got a bit&nbsp; of a thing for you, Hermione. Cormarmac, he's ever heard of this spell. No, I haven't. What?&nbsp; Not bloody likely. He's top of the class. That&nbsp;&nbsp; was so aggressive. Yeah, Hermione. Sluggman thinks&nbsp; he's a genius. I'd like to know who that book was.&nbsp;&nbsp; Have a look. No, the binding is fragile. That's&nbsp; That's jerksy. She has a lot to do, huh? This&nbsp;&nbsp; book is property of the half blood prince. And yet&nbsp; you have no desire to find out who the half blood&nbsp;&nbsp; prince is. I wasn't curious. And I don't sleep&nbsp; with him. Well, I got to check before I go to&nbsp;&nbsp; bed. All you do is read that bloody book. Well, I&nbsp; was curious, so I went to the library. I couldn't&nbsp;&nbsp; find a reference anywhere to a half blood prince.&nbsp; Hoping to find you and the three broomsticks.&nbsp;&nbsp; Emergency quiet practice. I'm afraid horse.&nbsp; That's the name of the bar at Universal. Oh,&nbsp;&nbsp; I think. Cool. Oh, and that's the name of the&nbsp; drink. Yeah. Oh, and this is exactly what it&nbsp;&nbsp; looks like inside. Oh, that's cool. Very cool.&nbsp; Oh my god. Exactly what it looks like. Very cool. Have you tried the butterbeer? I&nbsp; haven't. No. It is so sweet. Oh,&nbsp;&nbsp; cool. I highly recommend going to&nbsp; put a shot of Jameson in it. Okay. We didn't know his name, but we know him.&nbsp; Yeah. Well, they're only holding hands. Oh,&nbsp;&nbsp; snugging. I'd like to leave. What? Switch seats.&nbsp; That happens to be my sister. She looked over here&nbsp;&nbsp; and saw you snugging me. Would you expect her to&nbsp; get up and leave? So wonderful to see you. Thank&nbsp;&nbsp; you. So, what brings you here? Oh, I can remember&nbsp; when it was one Bruce. Whoa. Okay. Listen,&nbsp;&nbsp; my boy. In the old days, I used to throw together&nbsp; the occasional supper party. Would you be game?&nbsp;&nbsp; Not much of a party. Just two students. You'll be&nbsp; welcome, too, Gra. I'd be delighted, sir. Good to&nbsp;&nbsp; see you all and me. What are you playing at?&nbsp; Donald's asked me to get to know him. Get to&nbsp;&nbsp; know him, haven't I? It must be important.&nbsp; I'm surprised he told him the truth. Yeah. Got a little bit. Between the toothpaste,&nbsp; butterbeer, you're staring at her lips, girl. Boy, oh, come on. Is butterbeer supposed to be&nbsp; alcoholic? Whoa. I want not to touch it. The heck? What the heck? Jesus. Jeez. I feel like do something. Why are you&nbsp; guys just watching? Yeah. Get back all of you. That looks like an exorcist or something.&nbsp; What the freak? Snow is making this all&nbsp;&nbsp; very isolating, daunting. Except&nbsp; for the rapids. Do you understand? Okay, just when I think I'm going to get&nbsp; answers for one thing and more questions. Yeah,&nbsp;&nbsp; for real. She said it was important that she&nbsp; deliberate. Did she say to whom? To Professor&nbsp;&nbsp; Dumbled. Very well. Thank you, Leanne. Leanne,&nbsp; who are you? Yeah, what? When something happens,&nbsp;&nbsp; it is always you. Exactly. McGonagal, believe&nbsp; me, professor. I've been asking myself the same&nbsp;&nbsp; question for six years. What do you think?&nbsp; It's lucky to be alive. I know, Katie. off&nbsp;&nbsp; the grid pit. She wouldn't know how to fly. Yes,&nbsp; she was cursed. It was Malfoy. Whoa. That is a&nbsp;&nbsp; very serious accusation, Potter. For real? Your&nbsp; evidence? I just not That's not good evidence.&nbsp;&nbsp; Gifts, Potter. Gifts mere mortals can only dream&nbsp; of possessing. It must be to be the chosen Snape.&nbsp;&nbsp; But I still trust him for some reason. Yeah. Oh,&nbsp; we've got the map still. Oh, cool. Yeah, that&nbsp;&nbsp; comes useful. What do you suppose Dean sees her?&nbsp; Jenny, you called him a slick get not 5 hours ago.&nbsp;&nbsp; Something snaps. You got to hate him. You know,&nbsp; swears it. He sees him. I don't know. She's smart,&nbsp;&nbsp; funny, attractive. Attractive? You know, she's got&nbsp; nice skin. Skin? What? You're saying Dean's dating&nbsp;&nbsp; my sister because of her skin? I'm just I'm just&nbsp; saying it could be a contributing factor. Harry,&nbsp;&nbsp; are you into Jenny? Yeah. Mine's got nice skin.&nbsp; Oh. Oh. You say as skin goes. I mean as skin goes.&nbsp;&nbsp; I've never really thought about it. I suppose.&nbsp; Yeah. Very nice. Is this how boys talk? Um,&nbsp;&nbsp; no. At 17 or 16. Oh, no. Hell no. A little more&nbsp; vulgar than that. She's got nice skin. Yeah. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; tell me, Cormarmac, do you see anything of your&nbsp; uncle Tiberius these days? Yes, sir. In fact,&nbsp;&nbsp; I'm with him and the minister for the holidays. Be&nbsp; sure to give them both my best. Is that ice cream?&nbsp;&nbsp; What about you, Miss Granger? What exactly does&nbsp; your family do in the muggle world? My parents&nbsp;&nbsp; are dentists. Oh, interesting. First fact. It's&nbsp; funny cuz in our world that's such a prestigious&nbsp;&nbsp; job. Absolutely. That's a profession. No. One boy,&nbsp; Robbie Fenwick, did bite my father. He needed 10&nbsp;&nbsp; stitches. Holy crap. Weasley, come in. Come in.&nbsp; Sorry, I'm not usually late. Harry's sit. Yeah,&nbsp;&nbsp; just in time for dessert. That is Belle's left.&nbsp; What happened to Joe? Oh, yeah. She hasn't showed&nbsp;&nbsp; up. What happened? Harry, this is this feels&nbsp; out of left field. Yeah, Jenny's always been&nbsp;&nbsp; into Harry, but Harry's never seemed to express&nbsp; anything back. Whoa, buddy. Relax. I keep thinking&nbsp;&nbsp; Adrian. Yeah. Bye-bye. They're almost like&nbsp; related to a certain I mean like not really,&nbsp;&nbsp; but like family friend. Admiring your hourglass.&nbsp; Oh, yes. That sticks out like a sore thumb. Yeah.&nbsp;&nbsp; Sand runs in accordance with the quality of the&nbsp; conversation. Oh, cool. Let's just say they're&nbsp;&nbsp; unlikely to make the shelf. Shelf, sir. Anyone&nbsp; who aspires to be anyone hopes to end up here. But&nbsp;&nbsp; then again, you already are some. Well, see, but&nbsp; the half-blood printers up there. Did Voldemort&nbsp;&nbsp; ever make the shelf, sir? You were his teacher.&nbsp; Mr. Riddle had a number of teachers whilst here.&nbsp;&nbsp; He killed my parents. It's only natural you&nbsp; should want to know more. Definitely. When I&nbsp;&nbsp; first met young Mr. Riddle, he was a quiet, albeit&nbsp; brilliant boy committed to becoming a first rate&nbsp;&nbsp; wizard. Right. Unlike others I've known, not&nbsp; unlike yourself, in fact. Don't say that to&nbsp;&nbsp; him. It was buried deep within. It slows down when&nbsp; the conversation is stimulating. Mhm. Holy crap. Good luck, Ron. More Neville all the time, please. Ron,&nbsp;&nbsp; I have two on Gryffindor. Yeah. I feel like&nbsp; we don't know anything about Sheamus. Yeah. Why did that egg look fake? Yeah. What?&nbsp; Slug's having Christmas, too. You know,&nbsp;&nbsp; I expect you'll be bringing Mlagen. He's in the&nbsp; slug club, isn't he? Actually, I was going to&nbsp;&nbsp; ask you. Yeah, dude. Good luck today, Ron. I&nbsp; know you'll be brilliant. After today's match,&nbsp;&nbsp; Mlagen could have my spot. Have it your way.&nbsp; Luna. Luna Lion. Is that why you put something in&nbsp;&nbsp; his cup? What did you put in, Hermione? What? The&nbsp; tonic or Harry? The luck thing. He gave it to Ron. Harry gave it to Ron. Yeah, Harry's such a good&nbsp; dude. Selfless. You could be expelled for that.&nbsp;&nbsp; I don't know what you're talking about. What&nbsp; if it's I feel like maybe he didn't actually.&nbsp;&nbsp; He just made it seem like that to give him&nbsp; the confidence. Right. Right. Right. I That's&nbsp;&nbsp; what exactly what I was thinking. Luna is so&nbsp; great. Like why is she in a full-blown lion&nbsp;&nbsp; costume? Luna's such a theater kid. Yeah.&nbsp; Yeah, she is. Hey, Ron. That's what's up. Is the Gryffindor um Oh, wait. It's a It's a bird,&nbsp; right? It's not a lion. H Well, lions are brave,&nbsp;&nbsp; so I feel it. Why do you think it's a bird? I&nbsp; thought a griffin is a bird. I thought their house&nbsp;&nbsp; mascot was a lion, but I could be wrong. Oh, okay.&nbsp; If it is, then that makes sense. I'm just Yeah, I really think he didn't give it to him, right? It's nice to see Ron get the attention. Yeah,&nbsp;&nbsp; they shouldn't have done it. I didn't. Suppose&nbsp; I could have just used the Confunders. Ooh,&nbsp;&nbsp; like she did. That was Tryyous. This was&nbsp; an actual game. Didn't put it in. Yeah,&nbsp;&nbsp; you called it. I only thought you did. And&nbsp; you actually Yeah. Oh no. Where's Hermione? Oh. Oh, Hermione. Why hasn't Ron made his move?&nbsp; Uh, guys are stupid. Fair, fair, fair, fair. No&nbsp;&nbsp; argument or push back from me. But let me tell&nbsp; you what, girls are stupid, too, sometimes. Like,&nbsp;&nbsp; I take your word for it. I I'm not going to argue.&nbsp; Although the way the way that she was just like,&nbsp;&nbsp; I wanted to take you. I do feel like she&nbsp; really has put herself out there. Yeah. again,&nbsp;&nbsp; guys. Or about after the dance when she&nbsp; was like, "Next time, ask me." He's scared,&nbsp;&nbsp; though. Just practicing. I hope she doesn't&nbsp; do the love potion. Oh, they're really good.&nbsp;&nbsp; I feel chemistry here, too. I just do. How&nbsp; does it feel, Harry? Maybe it's more sibling,&nbsp;&nbsp; though. With Jenny. Oh, she knows. Oh, yeah. Okay.&nbsp; So, no chemistry. I see the way you look at her. A Whoa, whoa, whoa. I think this room's taken.&nbsp; Do we even know her name? No. Whoa, whoa,&nbsp;&nbsp; whoa. Pugno. Oh, no. Is that the love potion? No.&nbsp; No. No. Just attacking him. Oh, did they just die? Pugno. What's that about? Oh, unrequited love&nbsp; or like thinking that that's what's going on is&nbsp;&nbsp; so hard. Absolutely. Yeah, it feels like this.&nbsp; It's interesting bonding moment for them. Yeah,&nbsp;&nbsp; that's all of my high school. Holy crap, dude.&nbsp; It's just liking somebody and not being returned,&nbsp;&nbsp; unfortunately. Holy, it's so tough. It's so I I&nbsp; think it's happened to all of us where it's just&nbsp;&nbsp; like the feelings just don't aren't mutual.&nbsp; But the crazy thing is I feel like with Ron,&nbsp;&nbsp; they probably are. And just Yeah. She He doesn't&nbsp; know how to cuz how could you not love Hermione?&nbsp;&nbsp; I mean, she's everything. She's the full package.&nbsp; Definitely. And Jenny has loved Harry since she&nbsp;&nbsp; was a little girl. But maybe with Harry, it's&nbsp; more like he doesn't want to overstep with Ron&nbsp;&nbsp; cuz Ron doesn't even like, you know, Ron is&nbsp; like hates this other guy. Yeah. Complicated.&nbsp;&nbsp; Especially knowing he Oh, I know. I've known&nbsp; your family for so long. There's no stopping&nbsp;&nbsp; it. It's chemical. Would it last? I think that&nbsp; girl put a spell on him. Maybe. He's a perfect&nbsp;&nbsp; liberty to kiss he likes. I really couldn't care&nbsp; less. Oh, he's playing like um mediator. Yeah,&nbsp;&nbsp; given the circumstances, I've had to make&nbsp; other arrangements. She's going with that&nbsp;&nbsp; guy with Adrien his name from the I don't know&nbsp; what his name is. Go together as friends. Oh,&nbsp;&nbsp; you think she go there? Oh, who are you going&nbsp; with? Oh, um it's a surprise. You can't just&nbsp;&nbsp; take anyone's What about Cho? That girl over&nbsp; there. What happened with Cho? Yeah. Apparently,&nbsp;&nbsp; she's trying to smother you a love potion.&nbsp; Really? Whoa. She's only interested in you&nbsp;&nbsp; because she thinks you're the chosen one. Oh,&nbsp; I am the chosen one. Okay. Hey, hey, relax,&nbsp;&nbsp; dude. Yeah. Look, your ego. Very Dune coded.&nbsp; Paul trades. Oh, yeah. Ask Luna. Cool. I love&nbsp;&nbsp; that. That was a perfect choice, Harry. Luna&nbsp; rocks. Oh, yeah. Luna should get everything&nbsp;&nbsp; good. Yeah. At least not while awake. I sleepwalk,&nbsp; you see. Wow. Interesting. I wear shoes to bed.&nbsp;&nbsp; That's hilarious. Look at he seems so seems so&nbsp; unwell. Yeah, maybe he's conflicted. I would like&nbsp;&nbsp; that complexity. Yeah, if he's conflicted&nbsp; as opposed to just like straight um evil. Snow White mirror mirror on the wall. Whoa. Made it disappear. That's kind of&nbsp; what he did with Harry, right? Oh, yeah. Reappear. Oh. Oh, okay. Was he feeding Voldemort&nbsp; or something? Oh, possibly. Or feeding&nbsp;&nbsp; someone or his dad? Oh, he's got bell behind our&nbsp; titles in the L. I'm fine, mate. Thanks. Okay,&nbsp;&nbsp; he's got to work the party as opposed to&nbsp; be part of it. There he is. What happened&nbsp;&nbsp; to you? I've just escaped. I mean, left corn.&nbsp; Cormarmac, not a baby. That's who you invited.&nbsp;&nbsp; I thought it would annoy Ron the most. I&nbsp; like that she's honest with Harry. Yeah,&nbsp;&nbsp; he's got more tentacles than a snarl plant.&nbsp; What the hell does that mean? They give one&nbsp;&nbsp; horribly bad breath. Second thoughts. Whoa.&nbsp; Whoa. At bay. Oh my god. Here he comes. Keep&nbsp;&nbsp; Cormarmac at bay. Slippery little mink. Your&nbsp; friend mouth too, isn't she? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.&nbsp;&nbsp; Oh no. E. What is this meeting? Dragon Balls.&nbsp; That's an interesting joke. Oh, I only wish to&nbsp;&nbsp; convey a message from Professor Dumbledore. He&nbsp; asked me to give you his best and he hopes you&nbsp;&nbsp; enjoy your holiday. He's traveling and he won't&nbsp; return until term presumably. Okay. Traveling&nbsp;&nbsp; where? This movie is so mischievous. Yeah, even&nbsp; the music. Yeah. Get your hands off me. Oh,&nbsp;&nbsp; I just discovered this boy lurking in an upstairs&nbsp; corridor. Oh, I caught him. Certainly, professor. You want to protect? I made the unbreakable&nbsp; vow. Unbreakable vow. That thing. Let me assist&nbsp;&nbsp; you. No, I was chosen. This is my moment.&nbsp; Harry, why are you randomly there? Yeah,&nbsp;&nbsp; you've left the party. You're right. I mean, it&nbsp; was a You sure that's what said? Positive. Why?&nbsp;&nbsp; It's just you can't break an unbreakable, hence&nbsp; the name. Work that much out for myself, funny&nbsp;&nbsp; enough. Amazing line. What is she going to draw a&nbsp; heart? Heart. Yeah. Starts with an L. Her name XX. No. What was it again? I don't know. Did Ron do the spell on her? Oh, interesting.&nbsp; Do stop me. My lips are getting chapped. I'll&nbsp;&nbsp; take your word for it. Yeah, that would&nbsp; piss her off. Yeah. Oh, come on. I'm sorry,&nbsp;&nbsp; Hermione. What happens if you break an unbreakable&nbsp; vap? You die. Whoa. Are we going to lose uh Snape?&nbsp;&nbsp; Definitely not till the last movie, right?&nbsp; But maybe he did that being willing to die,&nbsp;&nbsp; right? that Snape was simply pretending to offer&nbsp; Draco help so he could find out what he was up&nbsp;&nbsp; to. Do you trust Dumbledore's judgment?&nbsp; Dumbledore can make mistakes. He said,&nbsp;&nbsp; "You're blinded by hatred." Yes, you are. Whoa,&nbsp; whoa, whoa. Okay. People are disappearing,&nbsp;&nbsp; Harry Dailyy. Could only place our trust.&nbsp; Dumbledore included. Yeah. Amongst ourselves,&nbsp;&nbsp; we're doomed. That's a good point. It is.&nbsp; And maybe Snape is willing to die. And also,&nbsp;&nbsp; he did he vowed to protect Draco, but maybe he&nbsp; thinks he can make Draco do the right thing. Yes,&nbsp;&nbsp; that's what I was thinking like syntax like&nbsp; very much. But he did vow to finish the job,&nbsp;&nbsp; but couldn't. So, Right. Right. We don't&nbsp; know exactly what the job is. That's true.&nbsp;&nbsp; I think it's killing Harry. Maybe open up&nbsp; me. Don't you trust me? What's in there? Do you sense what's going on? You put it&nbsp; back in the pile. So gross. Yeah. Like not&nbsp;&nbsp; let's not do that. Are you all right, Mr.&nbsp; Weasley? We're being followed. All of us.&nbsp;&nbsp; Oh my gosh. If Dumbodore's traveling,&nbsp; then that's news to the ministry. But&nbsp;&nbsp; perhaps that's the way Dumbledore wants it.&nbsp; As for Draco Malfoy, I know a bit more. Okay,&nbsp;&nbsp; tell us what you and Ron saw at the end of the&nbsp; summer. The object that Draco is so interested&nbsp;&nbsp; is a vanishing cabinet. Vanishing cabinets.&nbsp; They were all the rage when Voldemort We saw&nbsp;&nbsp; him use it. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. What happened to&nbsp; it? The one at Borggan BS? Nothing. Still there. Yeah, this POV first line of the cycle is&nbsp; always the first. Yeah, he's going to turn. Get out before he wolfs out. Yeah, sweet. I did&nbsp; not get that. They were a couple. They were a&nbsp;&nbsp; thing. Yeah. What is she a wolf as well? Shoelace.&nbsp; Oh, buying someone shoelace is hysterical. Merry Christmas. Sorry. Wow. What the heck is What?&nbsp; Superman, is that you? Oh, no. Oh, not Bellatrix. Come on. Wouldn't Harry. Yeah,&nbsp;&nbsp; Harry would be very like you&nbsp; killed my godfather. Yeah, that's a trap. Whoa. Jenny goes after them, too. You got me.&nbsp; You got me. She's still chanting that. Yeah, it's a trap. Obviously, be smart. You know,&nbsp;&nbsp; she'll have a cadaavver you in a second.&nbsp; What does she have to lose? Yeah. Oh, this is shot just so like a horror movie for&nbsp; sure. Definitely. Very scary sounds, the angles.&nbsp;&nbsp; Jenny, what the hell? Oh, do&nbsp; you think that Remis turned? Uh,&nbsp;&nbsp; no. It's uh maybe this dude. Oh, shoot. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, shoot. Is it just Bellatrix and this dude? It seems&nbsp; like it. Oh, they flew away. No number. Oh no. My Oh no. To draw them out. Holy crap.&nbsp; Okay. Thank God. I burnt the house down. She was&nbsp;&nbsp; in the house. Thank god. Okay. Well, we found out&nbsp; that she barely was leaving now. Oh, yeah. This is&nbsp;&nbsp; so mean. It's so easy for them to get to you. You&nbsp; have to realize who you are, Harry. I know who I&nbsp;&nbsp; am, you all right? Yeah. Come on. Yeah, but it's&nbsp; a fair point. Like, yeah, of course I'll wear it. I don't know. I feel like there's a potion&nbsp; involved with them because is it true that&nbsp;&nbsp; Professor Mary Thor is retiring. By the&nbsp; way, thank you for the pineapple. You're&nbsp;&nbsp; quite right. It is my favorite. Oh, no. But how&nbsp; did you know? Intuition. You put the truth serum&nbsp;&nbsp; in there. Look sharp, Tom. Want to be caught&nbsp; out of bed after hours? I was in the library&nbsp;&nbsp; the other night. I read something rather odd&nbsp; about ais of rare magic. I don't know anything&nbsp;&nbsp; about such thing. Now get out of here at once and&nbsp; don't let me ever get you mentioning it. Whoa.&nbsp;&nbsp; What the heck? Confused? I'd be surprised&nbsp; if he weren't. Donald, are you back? Yeah,&nbsp;&nbsp; this memory has been tampered with by the same&nbsp; person whose memory it is. Our old friend,&nbsp;&nbsp; Professor Snuggle. But why would he tamper&nbsp; with his own memory? I suspect he's ashamed of&nbsp;&nbsp; it. People do that, though. They suppress. I want&nbsp; you to persuade him to dulge his true memory. Any&nbsp;&nbsp; way you can. This memory is everything. Without&nbsp; it, we are blind. Without it, we leave the fate&nbsp;&nbsp; of our world to chance. You have no choice. He's&nbsp; like a secret agent for Dumbledore. That's crazy. Where did Dumbledore go? Yeah. Tell you more about&nbsp; the Zors in our next class. Right. Off you go.&nbsp;&nbsp; Please don't forget your rat tail. Interesting.&nbsp; Yes. What's this rare piece of magic? Well,&nbsp;&nbsp; I don't know. I I can't remember the name exactly,&nbsp; but it just got me wondering. Are there some kinds&nbsp;&nbsp; of magic you're not allowed to teach us? Oceans,&nbsp; Master Harry, I think your questions better be&nbsp;&nbsp; posed to Professor Snape. Yes. He and I don't&nbsp; exactly see eye to eye, sir. Right. He's not like&nbsp;&nbsp; you. He might misunderstand. No light without the&nbsp; dark. So it is with magic. Myself, I always strive&nbsp;&nbsp; to live within the light. Right. Is that what&nbsp; you told Tom Riddle, sir, when he came asking&nbsp;&nbsp; questions? Dumbledore put you up for this, didn't&nbsp; he? Didn't he? Yeah, but he doesn't seem sad that&nbsp;&nbsp; he did it. Maybe that was the plan. I'm I'm sorry.&nbsp; I'm busy. That was a weird transition because we&nbsp;&nbsp; were just with them. So, what what he's under a&nbsp; spell or something. Yeah. Yeah. It's beautiful,&nbsp;&nbsp; isn't it? The moon. Oh, divine. It was on your&nbsp; bed, the box. I just thought I'd try one or&nbsp;&nbsp; 20. I can't stop thinking of her, Harry.&nbsp; Oh, no. Reckon she was starting to annoy&nbsp;&nbsp; you? She didn't ever annoy me. I think I love&nbsp; her. Who are we referring to? Well, brilliant. Do you think she knows I exist? Bloody well. Hope&nbsp; so. She's been snugging you for 3 months. I know&nbsp;&nbsp; who you're talking about. Mhm. Who are you talking&nbsp; about? Who are you talking about? Of course. Oh,&nbsp;&nbsp; they vain. Oh. Haha. What's that for? It's&nbsp; no joke. I'm in love with her. All right,&nbsp;&nbsp; fine. You're in love with her. Have you ever&nbsp; actually met her? Interesting. There's like two&nbsp;&nbsp; tones to this movie. Yeah. Can you introduce&nbsp; me? Oh my god. She tried to make Harry. Okay.&nbsp;&nbsp; My previous predictions were wrong, I guess. Come&nbsp; on, Ron. I'm going to introduce you to Rilda Vain. thinking about the hearts of you. I wouldn't&nbsp; bother you if it went absolutely essential.&nbsp;&nbsp; Where's Ronaldo? Very well. Better bring him&nbsp; in. I'd have thought you could whip up a remedy,&nbsp;&nbsp; but this in no time, Harry. I thought this&nbsp; called for more practiced hands, sir. I've&nbsp;&nbsp; done what the freak. She should be expelled&nbsp; for that. Yeah, isn't that? Well, I expect&nbsp;&nbsp; you're tired of it after all these years. All the&nbsp; questions about Voldemort. Don't use that name. Oh, boy. Bottoms up. What's&nbsp; this? Tonic for the nerves. What happened to me? Love potion. Strong.&nbsp; Damn. Yeah, strong. Really bad. You need to&nbsp;&nbsp; have picked me up, my boy. Endorphins are gone.&nbsp; Dazzling oak matured me. I had other intentions,&nbsp;&nbsp; but I think given the circumstance Oh,&nbsp; yeah. I guess in the UK they can Yeah,&nbsp;&nbsp; the drinking. What is it? 16. I Oh, good lord.&nbsp; Whoa, that's scary. What the freak? Did he poison&nbsp;&nbsp; him? Do something. I I don't understand.&nbsp; Was that meant to poison Slugghorn? Oh,&nbsp;&nbsp; yeah. He gives him something that Yeah.&nbsp; Oh my gosh, that's fright. What the hell? Why is Sluggorn not moving&nbsp; anything? And it's just Harry. Come on. That's psycho. What the freak? Oh, we got some splaining to do. Yeah, what the&nbsp; heck? These girls, they're going to kill me.&nbsp;&nbsp; Quit thinking on your part, Harry, using Bizor.&nbsp; You must be very proud of your student, Horus. Oh,&nbsp;&nbsp; yes, very proud. Why didn't Horus think?&nbsp; Potter's actions were heroic. The question is,&nbsp;&nbsp; why were they necessary? Right, that's a&nbsp; better question. This appears to be a gift,&nbsp;&nbsp; Horus. Who gave you this bottle? By the&nbsp; way, possesses remarkably subtle hints&nbsp;&nbsp; of licorice and cherry. Actually, I had&nbsp; intended to give it as a gift myself. Oh,&nbsp;&nbsp; to you, headmaster. Where's my one? Has he been&nbsp; asking for me? I'd ask you the same question. I&nbsp;&nbsp; happen to be his girlfriend. I happen to be his&nbsp; friend. I suppose you want to break up with him&nbsp;&nbsp; now that he's suddenly all interesting. He's&nbsp; been poisoned. You dimpo. And for the record,&nbsp;&nbsp; I've always found him interesting. Oh, see, he&nbsp; senses my presence. Worry one. I'm here. I'm here. The teachers. Oh, I know. They're just&nbsp; there. That sucks for her though. Her&nbsp;&nbsp; name's Lavender. Okay. To feel love's keen&nbsp; sting. Welcome away everybody. Mr. Weasley&nbsp;&nbsp; is well tendered. About time. Don't you&nbsp; think? Just like that. Yeah. Thank you. Shut up. It's interesting this movie is pushing&nbsp; the two romances that like there's been like&nbsp;&nbsp; seats but not really that it wasn't that clear&nbsp; to me that that's the directions we were going.&nbsp;&nbsp; Right. Definitely. I wouldn't have seen because&nbsp; we had that whole chose storyline for Harry. Yeah.&nbsp;&nbsp; And for Ron, this girl didn't actually poison&nbsp; him. Right. She seemed actually kind of nice. Oh, using the disappearing room&nbsp; that gives you what you need,&nbsp;&nbsp; right? To for the cabinet to disappear. Uh, the other one. Do they transfer there? I&nbsp; don't know. This is the one we knew about. So, oh my gosh. Or died doing it. Wow. Oh my god. Oh, what house is she in? Uh, I&nbsp; can't tell. Stop it. Wrong. You're making&nbsp;&nbsp; it snow. How is he doing that? Yeah. Tell me&nbsp; how I broke up with Lavender again. Um, well,&nbsp;&nbsp; she came to visit you in the hospital. What are&nbsp; you going to do here, Hermione? I don't believe&nbsp;&nbsp; it was a particularly long conversation. Don't get&nbsp; me wrong, I'm bloody thrilled to be shot for us. She's wearing the colors of Gryffindor.&nbsp; I think she would be at their table,&nbsp;&nbsp; though. You don't remember anything from that&nbsp; night? I don't know. Anything like saying my&nbsp;&nbsp; name? But it can't be. I was completely boggled,&nbsp; wasn't I? Oh. Oh, so close. And then you take it&nbsp;&nbsp; three steps back. What the freak, dude?&nbsp; Come on. That's Katie. Katie Bell. Who?&nbsp;&nbsp; Do you know who's Katy Bell? I don't know. I&nbsp; know you're going to ask Carrie. The She was&nbsp;&nbsp; like possessed cover in the snow. Oh. Oh, the one&nbsp; who flew up. Honestly, I just can't. Whoa. Okay. But he he doesn't seem evil in this.&nbsp; He seems Yeah. Almost conflicted. Yeah. There's real beef cuz he broke my freaking nose. I&nbsp;&nbsp; bet Harry sent his dad to Asaban.&nbsp; Obviously team Harry, but yeah. Myrtle path. It kind of looks I mean Oh&nbsp; my god. Good lord. I know what you did,&nbsp;&nbsp; Malfoy. You hacked her, didn't you? I don't&nbsp; think he did. Oh, we're really fighting this one. Whoa. Whoa. Use for your enemies. How deadly is that? It's not. Well, it's not&nbsp; a vodic, so it's not deadly, but it's I think&nbsp;&nbsp; it's what he did to him on the train. It's like&nbsp; a stupifying Holy crap. He's bleeding. Bleeding. Whoa, that's crazy. You have to get rid of it. Yeah, you really&nbsp; hurt somebody. That's not you. What was that? Was that the bird that died? Yeah. Looks like you&nbsp; never know what you'll find up here. Like love. I did not realize how close they were standing.&nbsp; Yeah. Yeah. Close your eyes. That way you can't&nbsp;&nbsp; be tempted. That This is strangely flirtatious.&nbsp; Hide a book. Weird. Wow. That's bold. Really&nbsp;&nbsp; bold. I can stay hidden up here too if you like.&nbsp; I like that. Where did she go? What the heck? Did&nbsp;&nbsp; he imagine that? Yeah. So, did you and Jenny do it&nbsp; then? What? Do what? You know, hunt the book. Oh,&nbsp;&nbsp; yeah. Still no luck with Slugorn, then I take&nbsp; it. Lock potion. That's it. All I need is a&nbsp;&nbsp; bit of luck. Careful. Forgot you had this. Did&nbsp; you tell Ron you didn't end up giving it to him? I'd be nervous drinking that after Slowghorn&nbsp; gave it to him. Yeah. How do you feel? Excellent.&nbsp;&nbsp; Yep. Really excellent. I want one of those.&nbsp; Yeah. What the heck? Slug usually eats early,&nbsp;&nbsp; takes a walk, and then returns to his&nbsp; office. I'm going down to Hagrid. Harry,&nbsp;&nbsp; you've got to go speak to Slugghorn. I've got&nbsp; a really good feeling about Hagrids. I feel&nbsp;&nbsp; it's it's the place to be tonight. Do you&nbsp; know what I mean? But he said it. So, yeah. Do we It's hard to trust him or not. Yeah.&nbsp; I don't Merlin's beard is You've already&nbsp;&nbsp; fed out as a sprout. Just the general behavior,&nbsp; sir. Well, we even seen Professor Sprout. Yeah,&nbsp;&nbsp; we have it. Gallians a leaf to the right&nbsp; by not that I'm familiar with any such back&nbsp;&nbsp; alley transactions, but one does hear rumors.&nbsp; Purely academic, of course. Purely academic,&nbsp;&nbsp; of course. I'm off to Hagrid, you see. He's&nbsp; a very dear friend, and I just fancy paying&nbsp;&nbsp; him a visit. So, if you don't mind, I will be&nbsp; going now. It's making him kind of funny. Yeah,&nbsp;&nbsp; it's nearly nightfall. Surely you realize I can't&nbsp; allow you to go roaming the ground by yourself.&nbsp;&nbsp; Well, then by all means, come along, sir. Yeah,&nbsp; the luck potion is like Harry, I must insist you&nbsp;&nbsp; accompany me back to the castle immediately. Or&nbsp; he claimed it was a luck potion, but it's actually&nbsp;&nbsp; not. And what makes you say that? No idea. I&nbsp; wonder if he realizes. Oh. Oh, what the heck? Oh,&nbsp;&nbsp; it's beard. He said that twice. Is that an actual&nbsp; acroantula? Acroantula. Dear fellow, however,&nbsp;&nbsp; did you manage to kill it? I didn't. I'm so sorry&nbsp; I didn't. Oh, don't worry yourself. You're not&nbsp;&nbsp; alone. Seriously misunderstood creatures. Spiders&nbsp; are the eyes. I reckon they unnerve some folk.&nbsp;&nbsp; Not to mention the pences. Yeah, it's like he's&nbsp; hammered. Yeah, I reckon that too. Hagrid, the&nbsp;&nbsp; last thing I wish to be is in delicate acrevention&nbsp; of venom is uncommonly rare. You want it? Would&nbsp;&nbsp; you allow me to extract a line or two purely&nbsp; for academic purposes? You understand? Well,&nbsp;&nbsp; I don't suppose it's going to do much good now,&nbsp; is it? Oh my gosh. All right, we're just going to&nbsp;&nbsp; jump into it. And or two about my person for just&nbsp; such occasions as this potion master's habit, you&nbsp;&nbsp; know. Wish you could have seen him in his prime.&nbsp; Magnificent. He was just magnificent. Oh. Oh my&nbsp;&nbsp; gosh. How did he die? He just took off a piece of&nbsp; it. Yeah. This is quirky as hell. Yeah. Would you&nbsp;&nbsp; like me to say a few words? Yes. You had a family&nbsp; I trust. Oh, yeah. Like, we met them. We almost&nbsp;&nbsp; didn't make it out alive. Good thing Ron's not&nbsp; here. All right. Oh, well. Argog, you look so much&nbsp;&nbsp; smaller. Yeah. Araog, king of the arachnids. The&nbsp; body will decay. Your spirit lingers on. Weirdest&nbsp;&nbsp; funeral ever. Yeah. And the last the legitimately&nbsp; weirdest funeral ever. Yeah, definitely. Oh, sweet. I once had a fish and afternoon I came&nbsp; downstairs and wasn't it? But that's life. What&nbsp;&nbsp; is that story? Yeah. Go along and then suddenly&nbsp; you're gone. That super duper not life dude. Yeah,&nbsp;&nbsp; that if we get him hammered, can we talk about&nbsp; that memory? Is he gonna go to sleep too? There's&nbsp;&nbsp; a student who gave me Francis the fish. On&nbsp; spring afternoon, I discovered a bowl on my&nbsp;&nbsp; desk. Just a few inches of clear water. Tom&nbsp; Riddle. Wondrous to behold. Flower petal had&nbsp;&nbsp; come from a lily. Your mother. The day I came&nbsp; downstairs. That's who gave it to him. Day the&nbsp;&nbsp; bowl was empty as the day you mother. I know why&nbsp; you're here. But I can't help you. It would ruin&nbsp;&nbsp; me. To let that memory back in. Do you know why I&nbsp; survived, Professor? The night I got this. Because&nbsp;&nbsp; of her. Mhm. I'm going to tell you something.&nbsp; Something others have only guessed at. Or only&nbsp;&nbsp; one of them can live. I am the chosen one. Only&nbsp; I can destroy him. But in order to do so, I need&nbsp;&nbsp; to know what Tom Riddle asked you all those years&nbsp; ago. when you told him. Be brave, professor. Oo,&nbsp;&nbsp; be brave. Be brave like my mother. Otherwise, you&nbsp; disgrace her. Jeez. I mean, she died for nothing.&nbsp;&nbsp; The bowls will remain empty. Please don't think&nbsp; badly of me when you see it. The real memory. No&nbsp;&nbsp; idea what he was like even then. Wow. He's giving&nbsp; it to him. The real memory. Interesting. He's scared. I love Be brave. Yeah, that's the message&nbsp; of this whole franchise. Definitely. Yeah. Wow. I'm so much looking forward to seeing what&nbsp; this is. Yeah, I still love that visual effect.&nbsp;&nbsp; Yeah. I was in the library that night in the&nbsp; restricted section. I read something rather&nbsp;&nbsp; odd about a bit of rare magic. I understand&nbsp; it. A horcrux. Okay. I came across the term&nbsp;&nbsp; while reading. I didn't fully understand it.&nbsp; What you were reading, Tom, but this is very&nbsp;&nbsp; dark stuff. Well, I came to you. A horcrux&nbsp; is an object your person has concealed out of&nbsp;&nbsp; their soul. Whoa. What the? And splits one's soul&nbsp; and hides part of it in an object. For doing so,&nbsp;&nbsp; you are protected should you be attacked and&nbsp; your body destroyed. Whoa. And part of your&nbsp;&nbsp; soul that is hidden lives on. That must be what&nbsp; Voldemort did. In other words, you cannot die. Ah,&nbsp;&nbsp; what is it in one of those closet things? Maybe.&nbsp; I think you already know the answer to that. Yes.&nbsp;&nbsp; Killing rips the soul apart. Violation against&nbsp; nature. Can you only split the soul once? Seven.&nbsp;&nbsp; Seven. Merlin's beard top. Isn't it bad enough&nbsp; to consider killing one person, right? But every&nbsp;&nbsp; time you kill for anybody, they do that. He's all&nbsp; hypothetical, isn't it? Cuz then Bellatrix. Oh,&nbsp;&nbsp; sure. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Killed serious. Of&nbsp; course. So, yeah. It'll be I don't think less&nbsp;&nbsp; of the professor for doing that. He was really&nbsp; answering aquiring students questions, right? Now, should he have reported it? Right. Right.&nbsp; Yeah, definitely. This is beyond anything I&nbsp;&nbsp; imagine. You mean to say he succeeded, sir, in&nbsp; making the Hulks? Oh, yes. He succeeded. Seven&nbsp;&nbsp; times. It's interesting. We don't know&nbsp; this till the sixth movie. Wow. A ring,&nbsp;&nbsp; for example. A ring or a book? Oh, whoa. Four&nbsp; years ago, when you saved Gene Was's life in&nbsp;&nbsp; the Chamber of Secrets, I knew then this was&nbsp; a different kind of magic. But until tonight,&nbsp;&nbsp; I had no idea just how powerful. And the ring even&nbsp; more difficult to destroy. Whoa. His hand. How&nbsp;&nbsp; would you find them? It could be hidden anywhere,&nbsp; couldn't it? True magic, especially dark magic.&nbsp;&nbsp; Oh my gosh. Jeez. Leaves traces. Weird. Is his&nbsp; scar a horcrux? Oh wow. I don't know. The way he&nbsp;&nbsp; just looked at him. I cannot hope to destroy&nbsp; it. Once again, I must ask too much of you,&nbsp;&nbsp; Harry. Okay, so we know we have two. You ever&nbsp; considered that you ask too much? Granted,&nbsp;&nbsp; has it ever crossed your brilliant mind to do&nbsp; this anymore? Not negotiate with your sever.&nbsp;&nbsp; You agreed. I do feel bad like he Snape's like a&nbsp; pawn in everybody's game kind of. Oh, Harry, you&nbsp;&nbsp; need a shave, my friend. Does he? I can't. What?&nbsp; Really? I forget how much you've grown. At times&nbsp;&nbsp; I still see the small boy from the cupboard. Does&nbsp; he literally have a hair on his face? He looks&nbsp;&nbsp; clean shaven. Yeah. The place to which we join you&nbsp; tonight is extremely I promise you could accompany&nbsp;&nbsp; me and I stand by you must obey every command&nbsp; I give you without question. Yes sir. Okay. He&nbsp;&nbsp; looks clean shaven. What the freak? I don't see&nbsp; one hair. Should I tell you to abandon me and save&nbsp;&nbsp; yourself? You must do so. That's scary. Your word.&nbsp; Dumbledore and Gandalf are one and the same. Yeah,&nbsp;&nbsp; for real. Hasn't that been like age-old kind of&nbsp; comparison? Well, being me has its privileges. Okay. So useful. Wait, where are we going&nbsp; the heck? Wherever he thinks he found the&nbsp;&nbsp; horcrux. Yeah, it needs Harry's help.&nbsp; Oh. Whoa. This looks really good. Yeah. How did you guys get in there? Yeah.&nbsp; What did you do that thing again? Like,&nbsp;&nbsp; but then why not just take them&nbsp; directly? Stop. Haymon intended&nbsp;&nbsp; to weaken any intruder. Should&nbsp; have let me search. Oh, no. Harry,&nbsp;&nbsp; your blood's much more precious than mine. Is&nbsp; he the half blood? Yeah, that's what I Yeah. Not have made it easy to discover his hiding&nbsp; place. Put certain defenses in position. Oh,&nbsp;&nbsp; kind of looks like uh Aladdin. No. Um, Fortress&nbsp; of Solitude. Oh, I mean it looks like it's shot&nbsp;&nbsp; in black and white, doesn't it? Yeah.&nbsp; Very muted colors and no saturation. Whoa. The only question is how do we get there?&nbsp; Well, can't you do what you the thing? Maybe&nbsp;&nbsp; it doesn't work in here. Is it too close?&nbsp; Bring your broom everywhere, Harry. Yeah. Wow. If you ward Harry, is it a boat? Oh, yeah. You called&nbsp; it, I assume. I don't know. Yeah. No,&nbsp;&nbsp; there you go. It's a very cool design on that. No, it's like the coloring is so strange here.&nbsp; I wonder why they wanted to make this. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; you think the whole book is in there? Oh,&nbsp; yes. One of them. Okay. What is it? It has&nbsp;&nbsp; to be true. All of it has to be drunk. You have&nbsp; to drink it. This potion might paralyze might&nbsp;&nbsp; make me forget why I'm here. Might cause me so&nbsp; much pain that I beg for relief. It's your job,&nbsp;&nbsp; Gary, to make sure I keep drinking this potion.&nbsp; What the freak, dude? Why can't I drink it,&nbsp;&nbsp; sir? Because I'm much older, much&nbsp; cleverer, and much less valuable. Damn. But was Voldemort's plan that&nbsp; he was going to drink it? Yeah.&nbsp;&nbsp; To get to the horcrux that he needed? Professor, you got to keep drinking. Can you hear me? Whoa. This is wild watching them work together.&nbsp; Drinking light, remember. Yeah, I got to&nbsp;&nbsp; force it down her his throat. Damn. This is only&nbsp; the third Horcrux, too. We got a long way to go.&nbsp;&nbsp; Four more. Only if you keep drinking.&nbsp; Don't hurt me. I'm sorry. This is sad. Where is he at? That's a lot&nbsp; of liquid. There's one more,&nbsp;&nbsp; sir. One more. I promise I'll do what&nbsp; you say. I promise. Close his nose. Oh. Oh, man. He's so brave. Yeah. Freak. To&nbsp; endure like that. Damn. I It didn't look like&nbsp;&nbsp; it was the last one. It looked like Yeah,&nbsp; it looked like there's more, was it? Harry. Okay, so a necklace, a ring, a book. Oh&nbsp; no. Oh no. Is there any chance Dumbledore&nbsp;&nbsp; dies right now? Yeah. Oh man. Get the&nbsp; water, dude. Water. It won't come to him from that water. Can we have a spell&nbsp; to filter whatever this water is? Okay. What the hell is going on? Wouldn't&nbsp; you just ages into his mouth? Yeah,&nbsp;&nbsp; that's Yeah, I was thinking that. Yeah. No,&nbsp; Harry, this can't be good. It's too quiet. Yeah,&nbsp;&nbsp; that's You disturb the peace for sure. Where is&nbsp; Dumbledore? Yeah. Where did he go? Oh. Oh my gosh. Get him on the boat. Get him his wand. What the hell? What the freak&nbsp; is going on? I don't know. Get Dumbledore his&nbsp;&nbsp; wand. Yeah. Oh my gosh. Oh, is that Dumbledore&nbsp; helping? Yeah. Doing his thing. Yeah. Damn. Oh,&nbsp;&nbsp; I'm scared. This is going to kill&nbsp; him though. He has no energy. Looks sick. Are you Moses? He parted the water.&nbsp; I guess he parted the fire. Yeah. Wow. Draco,&nbsp;&nbsp; what is going on, my dude?&nbsp; I I know this is messed up,&nbsp;&nbsp; but I almost feel bad for Draco in this movie.&nbsp; Like, his mom and his dad are evil. Evil. He&nbsp;&nbsp; doesn't know any Snape. He's got to be set in&nbsp; the right direction at some point for real. Oh, you let them all in. Draco, let them all in. Yeah. Madam Pumprey.&nbsp; No. The best wizard is Seus is awake. Tell&nbsp;&nbsp; him what happened. He's awake. Speak to no one&nbsp; else. Seis Harry. Harry's so skeptical. Snape,&nbsp;&nbsp; which I get. Hide yourself below, Harry.&nbsp; You speak or be seen by anybody without my&nbsp;&nbsp; permission. It's imperative you stay below. I'm&nbsp; scared Dumbledore's gonna Yeah, like a sacrifice&nbsp;&nbsp; or something. I don't think on purpose, but&nbsp; yeah, like this seems like a last conversation. There's no way they would kill him off before the&nbsp; last movie. I can't imagine a Harry Potter movie&nbsp;&nbsp; without Dumbledore, right? Good boy. Yeah.&nbsp; Who is this? Oh, it's Draco. Good evening,&nbsp;&nbsp; Draco. What brings you here on this fine spring&nbsp; evening? I heard you talking. I often talk aloud&nbsp;&nbsp; to myself. Extraordinarily useful. Have you&nbsp; been whispering to yourself, Draco? Draco,&nbsp;&nbsp; you are no assassin. How do you know what I am?&nbsp; Oh, is that the the deed? Hoping that in return&nbsp;&nbsp; she'd bear a cursed necklace like replacing a&nbsp; bottle of me with one lace voice. Forgive me.&nbsp;&nbsp; These actions are so weak. A heart can't really&nbsp; have been in. He trusts me. I was chosen. Yeah.&nbsp;&nbsp; He's got the tattoo. I shall make it easier for&nbsp; you. Very good. You think he's going to avatar&nbsp;&nbsp; for him? Probably. There will be no coming back&nbsp; from that. The goal was to kill or the deed was&nbsp;&nbsp; to kill Domeor Borggan and Burks in for a passage.&nbsp; Draco years ago made all the wrong choices. Please&nbsp;&nbsp; let me help. I don't want your help. He seems so&nbsp; tortured. I have to do this. Why do you have to?&nbsp;&nbsp; No, you don't. You don't. He's going to kill&nbsp; me. Here they come. Oh, this is Good evening,&nbsp;&nbsp; Bellatrix. I think introductions are in order.&nbsp; You love to Al, but I'm afraid to touch it. He&nbsp;&nbsp; doesn't have to stop me. Just like this is&nbsp; such a Superman moment. Yeah. Where? Oh. Oh,&nbsp;&nbsp; no. It's not because he's not going to be&nbsp; able to do anything. Go on, Draco. No. No. Does Snape do it? Please have a Oh my god. You&nbsp; got to be freaking kidding me. What the freak? I have a weird feeling. I mean, no, hold&nbsp; on. That's not That's too easy. Well,&nbsp;&nbsp; and Snape must have been trying to protect&nbsp; Dumbledore trusted in Snape completely. They&nbsp;&nbsp; They had that conversation. Get Snape. Maybe&nbsp; something with Hermione's time clock. Oh,&nbsp;&nbsp; that would have been useful. Yeah.&nbsp; And why wouldn't he let Draco do it? Harry, what? Harry, what are you doing? No. Oh,&nbsp;&nbsp; you're going to kill him, too. Come on.&nbsp; You got to be kidding me. No. No. No. Oh,&nbsp;&nbsp; no. Harry, don't you Oh, shoot.&nbsp; Okay. Nobody. So, what is happening? He belongs to the dark lord. He trusted&nbsp; you. Snape is like a Look at the shot.&nbsp;&nbsp; Look at the shot. Yeah, that looks pretty&nbsp; sick. Oh my gosh. Remember when Snape says,&nbsp;&nbsp; "You asked too much." What was that about?&nbsp; What did he promise? Did he promise he'd be&nbsp;&nbsp; the one to kill Dumbledore? Like, what was&nbsp; it to set like Draco free or like my own&nbsp;&nbsp; spells against me? Possible. Yes. Half Blood&nbsp; Prince. I'm the half Blood Prince. Wow. I&nbsp;&nbsp; think at one point in my 50 predictions,&nbsp; I might have guessed. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So Snape is a half blood. Mhm. Yeah. How would&nbsp; he be able to work for I don't know. Oh yeah,&nbsp;&nbsp; he's still alive. Thank god. They all&nbsp; know Dumbledore is Who's still alive? Uh&nbsp;&nbsp; Heaggard. They went to his meant Dumbledore.&nbsp; I don't think so. I think he's gone. Jeez.&nbsp;&nbsp; Oh my gosh. This is the opposite of Sirius are&nbsp; really letting this play out. Yes. Wait, what?&nbsp;&nbsp; When he said he said, "Snate, please." He&nbsp; didn't say, "Please don't kill me." He said,&nbsp;&nbsp; "Please like do it. Do it." Like just like you&nbsp; promised me you would. It seemed like that was&nbsp;&nbsp; the conversation before. Draco, I knew a&nbsp; boy who made all the wrong decisions. Oh,&nbsp;&nbsp; this is brutal. Oh my god, dude. This is&nbsp; brutal. There's got to be What the freak? What is McGonicle doing? Oh. Oh,&nbsp; all of them lighting up the sky. Oh,&nbsp;&nbsp; is this like respect for like It&nbsp; seems like it. Not Dumbledore. Oh my god. Good lord. What? I&nbsp; just like keep thinking he's&nbsp;&nbsp; going to open his eyes. Yeah. Yeah. Or denial. Oh man. What the Okay, this is&nbsp; so confusing right now. I'm like Oh my god. Is that the end of the movie? Are&nbsp; you serious? No way. Okay. Okay. What? Oh,&nbsp;&nbsp; but it's empty. Oh my god. Please explain.&nbsp; There's got to be some sort of explanation.&nbsp;&nbsp; Yeah. Yeah. Do not make us wait. It's&nbsp; like an Empire Strikes Back kind of thing. That was a really beautiful moment with&nbsp; this guy. In light of what has happened,&nbsp;&nbsp; if you should have the need to talk to someone,&nbsp;&nbsp; you should know Professor Dumbledore.&nbsp; You meant a great deal to him. The portrait is represent of life. Guess it's&nbsp; like forever sleeping. Do you think he would&nbsp;&nbsp; have done it, Draco? No, he was lowering his&nbsp; wand. In the end, it was Snake. I did nothing.&nbsp;&nbsp; It was fake. The Horcox. Oh shoot. Are you&nbsp; serious? Was that like a bait and switch? Nana nana boooo. I have stolen the real Horcrux&nbsp; and intend to destroy it as soon as I can. I face&nbsp;&nbsp; death in the hope that when you meet your match,&nbsp; she will be mortal once more. Rab uh Regulus&nbsp;&nbsp; something black. Oh. Uh Sirius's um Wow, brother.&nbsp; That's a great call. I don't know if that a is&nbsp;&nbsp; the middle initial, but okay with it, you know.&nbsp; You and Jinny, if I were you and he's around,&nbsp;&nbsp; keep this smogging to a minimum. I've got to&nbsp; finish whatever Dumbledore started. I don't&nbsp;&nbsp; know where that'll lead me, but I'll let you and&nbsp; Ron know where I am. Always admired your courage,&nbsp;&nbsp; Harry. Me, too. Sometimes you can be really&nbsp; thick. They're going with you. Yeah. Don't&nbsp;&nbsp; really think you're going to be able to find&nbsp; all these Horcruxes by yourself, do you? That's&nbsp;&nbsp; the next adventure. The last adventure. It feels&nbsp; very Lord of the Rings. Yeah. Isn't it even called&nbsp;&nbsp; like Legend of the Seven Rings or something? I&nbsp; don't I don't I don't know. Oh, the Lord of the&nbsp;&nbsp; Rings ones. Oh. Oh, yeah. Oh, I never realized how&nbsp; beautiful this place was. You haven't? Yeah. What? Do you think McGonogal is going to be headmaster?&nbsp; Oh, yeah. That would be cool. The Phoenix. Is that the end now? Seems like it. You would&nbsp; think we McGonogal would have said something about&nbsp;&nbsp; Snape or something. Like because Harry saw that.&nbsp; He must have said it. I Yeah, Gandalf didn't die,&nbsp;&nbsp; you know? Like that's why he did. I know. In the&nbsp; first one and then comes back. That's what I'm&nbsp;&nbsp; kind of hoping for. Yeah. And and the fact that&nbsp; we just saw the Phoenix is like I don't know. Wow,&nbsp;&nbsp; guys. We just watched Harry Potter and the&nbsp; Half-Blood Prince, the sixth movie in the Harry&nbsp;&nbsp; Potter franchise. What an ending. What the? Yeah.&nbsp; Yeah, for real. And it's interesting, too. We're&nbsp;&nbsp; looking at the art, the poster right now, and&nbsp; it's three of them plus Dumbledore on it, which&nbsp;&nbsp; And he did he did have a bigger role this time&nbsp; around. Yeah. Uh, all right. So, first of all,&nbsp;&nbsp; thank you to Prepper for helping edit us down.&nbsp; We really appreciate you guys. Second of all,&nbsp;&nbsp; thank you to all of our patrons. patreon.com/real&nbsp; rejects where you can sync up your own copy. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; Greg and John cover stuff exclusively, where&nbsp; you get discounts on our sweet ass merch,&nbsp;&nbsp; rejectation.com. Make sure you go support over&nbsp; there. Please, shout out to all of you who&nbsp;&nbsp; follow us already on our social media realex.&nbsp; That's where all that good extra juice is. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; make sure you check that out. Uh, and also,&nbsp; if you haven't already, don't forget to like,&nbsp;&nbsp; comment, subscribe. We read everything you guys&nbsp; have to say. So, be nice. In a world of Draco's,&nbsp;&nbsp; be a Hermione, Ron, Harry, or Dumbledore. Yeah,&nbsp; definitely. Maybe a snake, but not a snake. I&nbsp;&nbsp; don't know. We don't know yet. We don't know.&nbsp; We don't know. I don't know. just always in&nbsp;&nbsp; this world things are not what it seems. So yes,&nbsp; we will definitely get to all of that. Plus, we're&nbsp;&nbsp; going to get to your guys' Patreon questions.&nbsp; That's how we run our reviews here on this&nbsp;&nbsp; channel. You guys ask way better questions than we&nbsp; ever could. So, I'm excited for that. But before&nbsp;&nbsp; we get to those questions, I want to know what did&nbsp; you think about this movie? This is an interesting&nbsp;&nbsp; uh part of the franchise because mainly um I think&nbsp; I like this movie second to best. Okay. Um, it was&nbsp;&nbsp; really good. Yeah. Uh, what you like the third one&nbsp; best so far? Still? Yes. Still. Um, the reason why&nbsp;&nbsp; is cuz there was two tones they balanced pretty&nbsp; well. Um there was the romance tone of teenage&nbsp;&nbsp; love and stuff which is very obvious but and&nbsp; the score changes and then from there the the&nbsp;&nbsp; it's this weird like secret agent kind of thriller&nbsp; movie suspense movie that like Dumbledore recruits&nbsp;&nbsp; Harry to do his like like the heavy lifting um&nbsp; for that one professor and like go go kind of&nbsp;&nbsp; you know win over that one professor. I forgot his&nbsp; name. Um I knew it for Yeah. Yeah. Uh but but yes,&nbsp;&nbsp; so there's that and then you know the and what&nbsp; Draco is going through. All that combined it's&nbsp;&nbsp; surprisingly was able to balance these two very&nbsp; different tones. Um but and then yeah the second&nbsp;&nbsp; tone of the thriller is is really intense to get&nbsp; the death of Dumbledore. Again I don't I don't&nbsp;&nbsp; know if he's dead. Like I I have this weird&nbsp; feeling just because of my past experience&nbsp;&nbsp; with other uh like very popular franchises. I&nbsp; mean, we did lose someone like Obi-Wan Kenobi,&nbsp;&nbsp; but like he is a force ghost. Um, did we lose we&nbsp; we lost Gandalf, but he eventually comes back. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; I have this weird feeling he's not fully dead, but&nbsp; if he is, that that sucks. There's also a wizard,&nbsp;&nbsp; so like even if he's dead, the force ghost&nbsp; type thing could be. Yeah. Right. Yeah. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; I'm thinking so it's it's hard to put my finger on&nbsp; it. When we lost Sirius Black and like there was&nbsp;&nbsp; no kind of evidence he's back, you know? But the&nbsp; brother thing, I think you're spot on about those&nbsp;&nbsp; initials. That must be what it is. Yeah, that's&nbsp; what I cuz we heard about him in this movie for&nbsp;&nbsp; what other reason. Yeah. Yeah. So there has to be,&nbsp; you know, a payoff for that otherwise. Yeah. This&nbsp;&nbsp; movie is David Yates still amazing director. Uh he&nbsp; able to, you know, take what Alfonso Coron did and&nbsp;&nbsp; and Christopher Columbus. Um yeah, I I find this&nbsp; really entertaining. I was really invested with&nbsp;&nbsp; all the characters because there's so much to be&nbsp; invested in. Again, there's the romance and then&nbsp;&nbsp; there's like this like this this um mystery that&nbsp; we're trying to figure all out. So, um overall&nbsp;&nbsp; very again second favorite movie of the franchise&nbsp; so far. So, I enjoyed it a lot. How about you?&nbsp;&nbsp; Yeah, I thought it was really good, too. I can't&nbsp; imagine being a book reader and reading this and&nbsp;&nbsp; then having to wait Yes. for the next book like&nbsp; Right. This is why these were such page turners.&nbsp;&nbsp; Um it's really incredible. I felt very intrigued&nbsp; by Draco's journey in this. Yeah, obviously we&nbsp;&nbsp; spend way more time with Perry and with Dumbledore&nbsp; on that adventure and yes, on the love interest&nbsp;&nbsp; stuff and of course always new professors um and&nbsp; and Jinny and all of that. But the Draco stuff is&nbsp;&nbsp; really interesting because I think it touches&nbsp; on something that we don't talk about enough,&nbsp;&nbsp; which is like this when you come from a hurt place&nbsp; like Harry does. Yeah. You know, where his parents&nbsp;&nbsp; were both killed and his uncle and his aunt and&nbsp; his cousin were the biggest pieces of crap. They&nbsp;&nbsp; literally had him living under the stairs. Yeah.&nbsp; You either you go one way or the other. um when&nbsp;&nbsp; when what you know isn't real love like when you&nbsp; but but Harry had that love as a baby baby right&nbsp;&nbsp; Draco has that same issue where Draco is being his&nbsp; parents his mother and his father are pure evil&nbsp;&nbsp; yeah and as we're teenagers in that time period we&nbsp; all have to decide what kind of person we're going&nbsp;&nbsp; to be absolutely and Harry and um Hermione and Ron&nbsp; and Neville and Jenny and George all of them have&nbsp;&nbsp; clearly already made the choice of what kind of&nbsp; person they're going to be. Absolutely. And they&nbsp;&nbsp; Harry made that choice the day in the sorting hat.&nbsp; He said, "I I want to be a Gryffindor. I've choose&nbsp;&nbsp; bravery." And all of this we are watching Draco&nbsp; actively like think this is the path he has to&nbsp;&nbsp; choose while fighting against it. And even Harry&nbsp; says he was lowering his wand. Yes. And Draco&nbsp;&nbsp; knows if he lowers his wand, they'll kill him.&nbsp; They'll kill him. Period. Yeah. um he's every&nbsp;&nbsp; reason to go in the same path of Lucius, but he so&nbsp; the all of that stuff was so powerful for me and&nbsp;&nbsp; I'm really looking forward to the next movie as we&nbsp; have still five horcruxes to find. I I still kind&nbsp;&nbsp; of think that Harry Scar might be one of them. I&nbsp; don't because they're connected that way. Yeah.&nbsp;&nbsp; Yeah. Yeah. We got to figure out Sirius's brother.&nbsp; We got to learn if Dumbledore is still uh alive&nbsp;&nbsp; somehow or around in some fashion. Yeah. We got&nbsp; to figure out who's the new headmaster. Yeah. you&nbsp;&nbsp; know, because that we got to figure out whether&nbsp; or not Harry out Snape and was Snape really that&nbsp;&nbsp; bad. Like, there's just so many things to tie&nbsp; up in only one more movie that I'm like, that&nbsp;&nbsp; movie must be I mean, let's hope it's just fully&nbsp; loaded, jam-packed. So, really looking forward to&nbsp;&nbsp; it. Let's Let's get to Patreon questions. See what&nbsp; it is you guys are curious about. Kyle Southworth,&nbsp;&nbsp; my opinion, this movie does a great job at showing&nbsp; Draco as a scared teen torn by family loyalty and&nbsp;&nbsp; as less of a villain. How does the character arc&nbsp; in this film change your view of him from earlier&nbsp;&nbsp; films, if at all? You you were able to really&nbsp; dulge into that, huh? Um, yeah. Well, I I think&nbsp;&nbsp; it's interesting, too, because you and I for six&nbsp; movies now have said Draco hasn't done anything&nbsp;&nbsp; unforgivable. He's been a teenage bully. Yeah. But&nbsp; not unforgivable. M but today he let all of the&nbsp;&nbsp; Askaban people, all of the Death Eaters, right,&nbsp; into Hogwarts. Mhm. Is that unforgivable? Right.&nbsp;&nbsp; I don't know. That's the first thing we've seen&nbsp; him do. He doesn't kill Dumbledore. He doesn't.&nbsp;&nbsp; Yeah. But he does let And he didn't even let in&nbsp; Snape, who does kill Dumbledore, but he did let&nbsp;&nbsp; in Bellatrix and crew, right? Um, so I, you know,&nbsp; I I do feel for him, but that's a really hard path&nbsp;&nbsp; to go down. He's really going to have to step up&nbsp; if he wants to get us back on his good side. No,&nbsp;&nbsp; I agree. I think, yeah, this is a very well-ritten&nbsp; character. he's conflicted and it's emotionally&nbsp;&nbsp; complex because of the the dichotomy you see uh&nbsp; you know manifest whether it be um he lowering&nbsp;&nbsp; his wand and like even hesitant to even kill&nbsp; him and then able to even say under his breath&nbsp;&nbsp; I have to kill you or either they will kill me or&nbsp; whatever they said um whatever or he's gonna kill&nbsp;&nbsp; me. Exactly. So um and crying too. Yeah. So the&nbsp; conflict of it is is fascinating nonetheless. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; yes, like you said, from the from from the past&nbsp; what, six movies again, this this '8s like high&nbsp;&nbsp; school bully that is very much like he's just he&nbsp; he talks a big talk, all bark, no bite, until he&nbsp;&nbsp; breaks Harry's nose in the beginning of the movie&nbsp; and you're like, whoa. That's the that was the&nbsp;&nbsp; first real intense like um piece of uh of action,&nbsp; physical physical action that I was like, whoa.&nbsp;&nbsp; I like I could see a bully pushing you around,&nbsp; but to like locker shoving or whatever. Yeah.&nbsp;&nbsp; Things like that. But to play devil's advocate on&nbsp; that, I know that sounds like a crazy sentence,&nbsp;&nbsp; but is there a world in which when he says he's&nbsp; trying to send Harry back to London, he knows that&nbsp;&nbsp; if Harry sticks around, he might get hurt because&nbsp; of what is about to happen? Good question. I don't&nbsp;&nbsp; know. I don't think that's what it is. But like in&nbsp; the same way that I'm like, is Snape actually like&nbsp;&nbsp; conflicted about all this and he's doing something&nbsp; to help Dumbledore? Like, is there a world in&nbsp;&nbsp; which Draco really was like, "Let me like get&nbsp; Harry out of this otherwise I know we're going to&nbsp;&nbsp; have to go to blows." Right. That's a good point.&nbsp; I don't think so, but I don't I don't know because&nbsp;&nbsp; things aren't always what they seem, right? That's&nbsp; like a lot of a lot of the franchise is like that.&nbsp;&nbsp; Um and now I got to think about that. Yeah. Um but&nbsp; yeah, very fascinating character and yeah, I I I&nbsp;&nbsp; appreciate him now more than ever just because&nbsp; again, very well written nonetheless. though.&nbsp;&nbsp; Jell, uh, with everything Draco is dealing with&nbsp; in this film, being given a mission by Voldemort,&nbsp;&nbsp; uh, the pressure from his family and clear moments&nbsp; where he looks unsure or overwhelmed, what stood&nbsp;&nbsp; out to you the most about how he carries the&nbsp; weight throughout the film. I guess we can,&nbsp;&nbsp; we've been talking about this. Yeah. Uh, it's&nbsp; interesting though that Kyle, Jay, Dell, you,&nbsp;&nbsp; me, like that, even though Draco wasn't in that&nbsp; much of the like he was in more than typical,&nbsp;&nbsp; but it's not like he's in as much as Harry. He's,&nbsp; it's really my was my takeaway of it is like gosh,&nbsp;&nbsp; because we see this happen in everyday life&nbsp; all the time, right? And the weight of trying&nbsp;&nbsp; to choose between what is right and what you&nbsp; know, I think we all come across that at some&nbsp;&nbsp; point. Even if you have the best of parents, the&nbsp; best upbringing, at some point there is something&nbsp;&nbsp; that you feel is right and there's something that&nbsp; and it contradicts what you know. Yes. Because&nbsp;&nbsp; that's what progress is, right? So I I I think&nbsp; that that carries a huge weight. Yeah. And I I&nbsp;&nbsp; really do have a feeling that Dumbledore and Snape&nbsp; when Snape says to Dumbledore, "You ask too much."&nbsp;&nbsp; I know. I think that was the negoti I think we're&nbsp; going to go back to that moment. I think that was&nbsp;&nbsp; the negotiation in which Dumbledore says if&nbsp; it comes to this, you cannot let Draco die.&nbsp;&nbsp; He's a child, right? And better me than him and&nbsp; save Draco. You know, I could see that for sure&nbsp;&nbsp; in Snape having to ultimately he fulfills the the&nbsp; the promise that he makes. Mhm. The the bond that&nbsp;&nbsp; he had to Yes. And then also fulfilling what&nbsp; what what Dumbledore is asking of him is like,&nbsp;&nbsp; "Hey, keep him safe, but you're not going to be in&nbsp; trouble because you still able to kill me and I'll&nbsp;&nbsp; sacrifice myself, you know, nonetheless."&nbsp; So, we have those jokes in this one that&nbsp;&nbsp; Dumbledore is 150 years old, you know, like lived&nbsp; a long life and Dumbledore is a headmaster and&nbsp;&nbsp; his responsibility is to all of the students and&nbsp; I'm sure he does feel that he failed Tom Riddle,&nbsp;&nbsp; right? Um, even though he did, you know, Tom&nbsp; Riddle is his own thing, but I think he thinks&nbsp;&nbsp; he can save Draco and if Draco kills Dumbledore,&nbsp; Dumbledore knows that Draco will be too far gone,&nbsp;&nbsp; right? So that was, that's my theory based on just&nbsp; like the bits and pieces of the conversation. No,&nbsp;&nbsp; it makes sense. Yeah, absolutely. Jay Rushton&nbsp; question. Is your Patronis charm this the and name&nbsp;&nbsp; the ones in movie it question. is your Petronis&nbsp; charm and name the ones in movie where prongs and&nbsp;&nbsp; padfoot used. I don't get this question at all.&nbsp; Do you? No. Uh what is patronis charm again? Your&nbsp;&nbsp; petronis charm is the animal that um it looks&nbsp; like you know your that's your petronis but&nbsp;&nbsp; and names the one in movie where pron and padfoot&nbsp; use. I don't get what the question is. Sorry Jay.&nbsp;&nbsp; Yeah I don't know how to answer it because I don't&nbsp; understand the question. Let us know for the next&nbsp;&nbsp; time. Sorry Jay. Can't can't do better than that.&nbsp; I I don't know. I don't know what you're referring&nbsp;&nbsp; to. Yeah. Uh Jaden Rhodess, uh this is the&nbsp; most underrated movie in the whole franchise. I&nbsp;&nbsp; honestly love this movie. Cool. Uh but I have seen&nbsp; more and more people recently saying they don't&nbsp;&nbsp; like this movie. Huh. Uh but watching Dumbledore&nbsp; die will always make me cry like a baby. I cried,&nbsp;&nbsp; too. Oh, and I didn't cry. It's serious. Yeah.&nbsp; Which is strange. Uh uh but I'm curious. Y'all&nbsp;&nbsp; agree or dis or do you do disagree? I didn't know&nbsp; that this was underrated. I would have guessed&nbsp;&nbsp; that this would have been one of the top rated&nbsp; ones. Yeah, same. I because I have a uh affinity&nbsp;&nbsp; to it. Like I didn't I couldn't really see that.&nbsp; Like I appreciate this movie a lot. Um the the&nbsp;&nbsp; the what's it called? The um the tone differences&nbsp; between the two plots are a little not jarring.&nbsp;&nbsp; Uh but it's balanced well. It's just very very um&nbsp; juxosition positioning. Um, so it's very it's it's&nbsp;&nbsp; not like a bad thing by any means, but I I I agree&nbsp; it's it's a good movie. This wasn't my uh I loved&nbsp;&nbsp; this movie. Visually it was not my favorite.&nbsp; Oh, sure. We really lacked color in this one,&nbsp;&nbsp; which which does fit with the tone of this film.&nbsp; Um, but like legit at one point we're we're in&nbsp;&nbsp; sepia at times and then we're in black and white&nbsp; and it's like you know I I do think that some&nbsp;&nbsp; things hope and like at the end when we get that&nbsp; green I'm like oh thank goodness. But yeah other&nbsp;&nbsp; yeah I really enjoyed this movie. So yep. Okay&nbsp; let's get to a little bit of trivia before we get&nbsp;&nbsp; out of here. Jell says Hogwarts has always felt&nbsp; protected as long as Dumb Oh, this is a question.&nbsp;&nbsp; uh felt protected as long as Dumbledore was there.&nbsp; But once that sense of security is gone now with&nbsp;&nbsp; his death, how did that shift the way you view the&nbsp; danger surrounding the school and the characters&nbsp;&nbsp; moving forward? We do have that moment early&nbsp; on where Harry is talking to Ron, you know,&nbsp;&nbsp; um Ron and Hermione are like Dumbledore's getting&nbsp; old. We don't know if each other and Harry's like&nbsp;&nbsp; it's safe as long as he's here. So it's literally&nbsp; what you're talking about. Um we haven't had to&nbsp;&nbsp; really think about how the danger because it&nbsp; happened at the very end of the movie. So yeah,&nbsp;&nbsp; I'm kind of worried. But we do see the phoenix&nbsp; and you and I are having a hard time really&nbsp;&nbsp; dealing with him actually being dead. Yeah. I&nbsp; don't know. We're in denial still. So, I guess&nbsp;&nbsp; we'll see. I mean, it does. The the dining room is&nbsp; is fractured. Like, it literally is destroyed. You&nbsp;&nbsp; get to see the the stained glass is broken and so&nbsp; on and so forth. It kind of physically shows that&nbsp;&nbsp; it's vulnerable right now. Also, at the same time,&nbsp; too, um, yes, we didn't spend a lot of time with&nbsp;&nbsp; it, but it does feel unsafe. However, it seems&nbsp; as if the next movie uh seems like it's going&nbsp;&nbsp; to be an adventure outside of Hogwarts because&nbsp; they're going to be looking for the horcruxes,&nbsp;&nbsp; right? So, it doesn't like I don't know if they're&nbsp; we're going to spend a lot of time in Hogwarts,&nbsp;&nbsp; but it feels like yes, vulnerable and Dumbledore&nbsp; is like um they're they're they're the greatest&nbsp;&nbsp; defender and and they're gone. So, let's do this&nbsp; last question from Jell, question number three of&nbsp;&nbsp; his because I I do enjoy this. Uh JL um this film&nbsp; trims down a lot of backstory around Voldemort and&nbsp;&nbsp; Horcruxes compared to the books. Did it ever feel&nbsp; like certain pieces of of the bigger picture were&nbsp;&nbsp; missing or did the story feel uh complete and easy&nbsp; to follow for you? Huh? So we understood this.&nbsp;&nbsp; There's seven horror cruxes. They're all around&nbsp; and the one that they broke into to get where&nbsp;&nbsp; he had to drink Dumbledore to drink the stuff,&nbsp; somebody had already stolen it. probably Regulus&nbsp;&nbsp; had Black had stolen it seemingly. So it seems as&nbsp; if we've got the ring and the book as two of the&nbsp;&nbsp; horcruxes. We still have five to get to. Regulus&nbsp; has one of them if not more of them. So all of&nbsp;&nbsp; that was easy to follow and clear. Definitely.&nbsp; And even to the point where you were able to&nbsp;&nbsp; guess that it might be uh the the scar, right? And&nbsp; I don't know if that's right or wrong, but Sure.&nbsp;&nbsp; So yeah, I don't think it was hard to follow none.&nbsp; Yeah. Um, unless we're missing something, right,&nbsp;&nbsp; about where the other horcruxes are, I have to&nbsp; assume the seventh movie is finding those five&nbsp;&nbsp; horcruxes. So, yeah, that's a good point. Yeah.&nbsp; Yeah. It wasn't hard to follow at all. At least,&nbsp;&nbsp; unless we're wrong about that and then it was&nbsp; hard to follow. Yeah, exactly. Yeah. Any final&nbsp;&nbsp; thoughts before we get out of here? Uh, no. I&nbsp; enjoy this movie. Um, I have this weird Well,&nbsp;&nbsp; I guess I don't think we're done with the LA in&nbsp; the next movie cuz I think it's a part one, part&nbsp;&nbsp; two. Oh, there's seven and eight, I think. So, if&nbsp; I remember correctly of just from I I don't again.&nbsp;&nbsp; Oh, that makes more sense. More trivia. Should we&nbsp; look? Yeah, we can look. I I think it's like part&nbsp;&nbsp; one, part two. Like, um I thought there was one&nbsp; more movie. Yeah. Harry Potter movies in order.&nbsp;&nbsp; Okay. So, it's it's loading. Oh, yeah. You're&nbsp; right. Yay. Yeah. I had a feeling I Harry Potter&nbsp;&nbsp; and the Deathly Hallows part uh part one part two.&nbsp; Yeah, there we go. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Good. I was&nbsp;&nbsp; like that's what I was saying was saying I was&nbsp; like how are they going to fit all this in that&nbsp;&nbsp; that would be a lot definitely. And it feels like&nbsp; uh they did that with what's it called? Um Hunger&nbsp;&nbsp; Games. Don't they have a part one part two? I&nbsp; mean I haven't seen that franchise either but like&nbsp;&nbsp; Yeah. Yeah. Um okay. Yeah. I'm looking forward to&nbsp; two more movies. Let's see how it is. It's always&nbsp;&nbsp; risky splitting a movie into two though because&nbsp; then it usually means the first one is not as&nbsp;&nbsp; good as the second one. But we'll see. We'll see.&nbsp; You guys let us know. Thank you for being here&nbsp;&nbsp; along this ride with us and uh we'll see you at&nbsp; Hogwarts in probably one week from today. Later.

  Top Comments:
  1. @ReelRejects [33 likes]: Seeing the entire school cast away the dark mark by raising their illuminated wands in absolute respect for Dumbledore will always bring us to tears!  
- Hit LIKE & SUBSCRIBE for more https://www.youtube.com/user/TheReelRejects?sub_confirmation=1
- Catch our completely raw, feature-length Watch-Along video for the Half-Blood Prince over on Patreon! https://www.patreon.com/thereelrejects
- Grab your official REEL REJECTS apparel and premium channel merch right here: https://www.rejectnationshop.com/
  2. @patricioalanisvillarreal9616 [1 likes]: After Dumbledore's death, Fawkes the Phoenix sings his lament and leaves Hogwarts, never to be seen again
  3. @patricioalanisvillarreal9616 [1 likes]: After the death of Sirius Black, Harry inherits both Number Twelve Grimauld Place (the Black family house and base of operations for the resurrected Order of the Phoenix) and also Kreacher the house-elf.

Neither Harry and Kreacher like the agreement very much, since Harry though neither Harry and Kreacher like the arrangement, since Kreacher in the books played an indirect role in the death of Sirius while Kreacher made it clear that he wanted Bellatrix as his master instead of Harry. 

And Harry could not exactly give Kreacher clothes to free him because Kreacher, as a fiercely loyal pureblood house-elf, viewed his servitude as an honor rather than a burden, and would have despised the idea of freedom.

Not to mention that Kreacher held highly sensitive information about the Order of the Phoenix due to Grimauld Place being their base of operations. In other words, freeing him before Voldemort's defeat would have allowed Kreacher to run straight to the Malfoys and inform them of what the Order was doing

In the end, Kreacher remained at Grimauld Place, and it was proven that Harry was indeed his owner now when Harry ordered Kreacher to shut up when he started throwing a tantrum, with Kreacher being forced to obey (the house-elf then continued throwing a tantrum, but now silently).

After Kreacher returned to Grimauld place, Dumbledore then arranged for Harry to accompany him to the Burrow for the rest of the summer
  4. @patricioalanisvillarreal9616 [1 likes]: In the book, instead of picking Harry up at a subway, Dumbledore personally went to pick up Harry at the Dursley family house before taking him to the Burrow. 

But before they left, we got a very memorable scene where Dumbledore forced the Dursleys to sit down on a couch so he could talk to them (he even conjures four glasses of mead to offer them. And when they refuse, Dumbledore  uses a subtle bit of magic to make the glasses hover and gently nudge the sides of their heads until they comply).

Anyway, what makes this scene so cool is the way that Dumbledore firmly takes control of the whole event, shutting down Vernon Dursley's anger whenever he tries to speak up, and then harshly reprimanding the family for their years of cruel neglect and abuse towards harry.

You see, Dumbledore reminded Vernon and Petunia of the contents of the letter that he had placed besides baby Harry Potter when he had left him on the doorstep of the Dursley family sixteen years ago, after the first defeat of Voldemort and the deaths of Lily and James Potter. 

And even though the letter had specified that the Dursleys were to look after Harry and protect him in order to keep the love protection that Lily Potter had left on her son alive, the Dursleys flat out ignored the letter: instead of treating Harry like a nephew or a member of the family, they subjected him to cruelty and abuse.

In the end, about the only remotely positive thing that Dumbledore could say about the Dursleys and their dismal guardianship of Harry was that, at the very least, they avoided giving Harry the "appalling damage" they had inflicted upon Dudley, whom they had spoiled rotten by catering to his every whim (this in spite of the fact that Dudely was beginning to reform following the Dementor attack from last year).

After the severe cathartic scolding, Dumbledore then turns his attention to Harry, officially informs him of the inheritance he got from the late Sirius Black, before arranging for Harry to accompany him to the Burrow for the rest of the summer
  5. @patricioalanisvillarreal9616 [1 likes]: In this movie, Snape finally gets to teach Defense Against the Dark Arts, a positon he has wanted for a very long time in spite of his obvious talent and mastery of Potions.

Now, Dumbledore had always known Snape desired the job, and the main reason why he had denied him the positon was for two reasons.

The first being the fact that the job was jinxed to make a new teacher leave withn a year because of a spell that Voldemort had cast in the past, and Dumbledore did not want to potentially risk the life of Snape, someone he valued greatly. For his part, Harry hoped that Snape would die because of the jinx, but in the end, Snape ended up vacating the post not because he died, but because he fled Hogwarts after killing Dumbeldore)

The other reason being that Snape, as a former Death Eater, had a deep, historical fascination with the Dark Arts. Dumbledore also knew this and worried that placing Snape in that specific role would tempt him to return to the darkness

Now, since we did not get any scenes of Snape teaching the DADA in the movie, I am going to mention what he did do in the books:

In the books, Snape taught DADA by enforcing a strict, demanding curriculum that favored nonverbal spells, wandless defense, and combat and advanced spellwork. 

This was done because Snape believed in the advantages of nonverbal spell casting, emphasizing the split-second advantage it gives a duelist by not alerting the adversary to the magic and spell being performed when one said the name of the spell, and also forcing the students to rely on reflexes and silent concentration. This in turn resulted in Snape fiercely criticizing those who continued to speak out incantations like mere beginners.

As for Snape himself, he still remained the same severe, intimidating instructor in DADA that he was in Potons, constantly favoring his own Slytherin students while subjecting Gryffindors (like Harry) to harsh, relentless scrutiny. 

That being said, one could tell that Snape had a wholly different mood when he was teaching DADA compared to Potions, speaking of the Dark Arts in a way that resembled reverent fascination, viewing it as complex and sophisticated (my guess is that he was probably excited at finally getting the job and the subject matter he had always wanted).

As for Harry, while he initially struggled with nonverbal magic, he got a whole lot better after he started relying on the lessons he got from the copy of the Half-Blood Prince textbook. In fact, Harry even claimed at one point that the Half-Blood Prince was an even better teacher to him than Snape was (this only makes the reveal that Snape is the Half-Blood Prince all the funnier)
  6. @patricioalanisvillarreal9616 [1 likes]: In the books, there was also an ongoing subplot involving Fleur Delacour from book 4 that was ommitted for the movie.

You see, following the events of the Triwizard Tournament, during the summer of 1995, Fleur took a part-time job at Gringotts Wizarding Bank to improve her English, where she met William "Bill" Weasley, eldest child of the Weasley family, who was working there at Gringotts as well. 

The two were attracted to each other and started dating, eventually becoming engaged to be married. Meaning that when Book 6 starts, Fleur was already staying at the Weasley family home of The Burrow in the summer of 1996, so she could get to know Bill's family better before the wedding. 

Now, while Arthur, Ron, and Harry did not mind having Fleur at all at the house, Hermione, Ginny, and Molly Weasley did take issue, considering the French witch to be snooty, snobbish, and self-obsessed, with Ginny even taking to calling Fleur "Phlegm" due to her thick accent (the fact that Ron had an obvious crush on Fleur certainly did nothing to improve Hermione's mood).

As for Molly, she was the one who most disliked Fleur, mainly due to the latter constantly criticizing her house as well as her favourite singer, Celestina Warbeck. In particular, Molly believed that she and Fleur had absolutely nothing in common and that they had only gotten engaged in a hurry due to the dark times that they were living in.

Things came to a head after Dumbledore's death and the Battle at the Astronomy Tower, during which Bill Weasley (who had arrived at the school with a bunch of Aurors to protect the school alongside other members of Dumbledore's Army) was attacked by werewolf Fenrir Greyback and left severely scarred, looking a bit like Alastor Moody's own heavily scarred apperance. 

Now, because Greyback was not transformed and did not bite him, Bill would not become a werewolf, but there would be some changes (in the end, he suddenly developed a liking for very rare steaks.

When the whole family (sans Percy, who was still estranged) and Fleur came to see Bill, Molly despaired at the sight of her eldest son as she applied treatment for her son, lamenting that he was going to get married. Hearing this, Fleur confronted Molly, accusing her (correctly) of believing and perhaps even hoping Fleur would no longer wish to be married to Bill now that he was scarred. Fleur rejected the notion, insisting that Bill's scars only proved his bravery and that she did not care about Bill's looks, believing she was beautiful enough for the both of them before taking over caring for Bill.

Fleur declaring her love for Bill and reaffirming her desire to marry him was the moment where she won the respect of her future in-laws, with Molly offering to give Fleur a tiara from their great-aunt Muriel to use for the wedding (and Fleur agreeing) before the two just hugged each other, taking comfort as they cried over what happened to Bill

On a smaller note, seeing Fleur declare her love for Bill also inspired Tonks to decleare her love for Remus Lupin
  7. @pr_dnce: Had Roxy pegged as a slytherin but after this I’m leaning into Ravenclaw causeeeee
  8. @datoneguy436: I dont think these guys realize that the Time Turner will never come back into play
  9. @mzzthang3912: 41:54 Remember Cho's last movie? She cried kissing Harry. She felt guilty about Cedric, so even though they initially liked each other, their relationship dynamic was marred. It was basically a rebound.
  10. @elia_simon: I never liked Harry/Ginny or Ron/Hermione together. Those pairs just did nothing for me. But at least Ron/Hermione had proper build up and some chemistry. I think the movies really butchered Harry/Ginny knowing it was going to go that direction. I get they had to follow the books but they could have added in some more subtle moments between them over the years. And JK really failed that relationship too. The books were a tad better but I still feel like it came out of nowhere. Like you said, Ginny had a school crush on Harry but it never seemed AT ALL like Harry was interested in her. 

Its funny because I liked the idea of harry/hermione together but I never saw an overwhelming amount of fans for them back in the day, yet whenever i see reactors watch the movies they all seem to agree lol.
  11. @courtkendell: 1:20:56 holy shit, i am loving how tuned in you guys are during this watch-through.
  12. @momo_pie: In the books it talks about how Ginny had such a big crush on Harry in the first few years at Hogwarts whenever she was around him she wasn’t herself because she was so nervous. Hermione actually gives her the advice to loosen up around him and just be herself and she does and that’s when Harry starts to like her. She’s really smart and outgoing, she steals her bothers brooms and teaches herself how to play quidditch, it’s a shame she isn’t really explored in the movies. Also Harry had this adorable inner dialogue in the books where he tries to convince himself he doesn’t like Ginny because he’s so worried about what Ron will think 😂
  13. @IVLogo: "Is his scar a horcrux?"
👀
  14. @SpaceTacos60316: I've really enjoyed your HP viewing party - so fun. 
Fun fact: @25:30 - they used the nephew of Ralph Fiennes, so that young Voldy looks like older Voldy
@35:52 - the breakup with Cho and his switch to Ginny is much better explained in the books.
@1:19:22 - in the books, when a Death Eater kills, they put the Dark Mark (skull+snake image) in the sky to let everyone know that someone is now dead - here, they all lifted their wands to eliminate that mark (and the death/darkness it represents) from the sky.
@1:35:18- This is my least favorite movie, but it's because of the scenes that were added that aren't in the book (fire bomb the Weasley's house & the scene leading up to the death of Dumbledore) otherwise, this movie is fun. "Drunk" Ron & Harry are hilarious.
  15. @ethanprew8530: 40:32 if you pay attention to the name of the spells throughout the series. It's quite evident the author was just naming them to the words that are most relevant as in the moment Hermione calling  Ron "repugnant" and the spell is " repugno"
  16. @circabooks4549: 24:19 Maybe it is just for us, but it does imitate a scene in the books where dumbledore and harry discuss the nature of his close relationships with Ron and Hermione, because Dumbledore is now telling him important secrets and stipulating what would be wise to share with his friends. He's making sure that harry has allies he can rely on fully in the time to come and that their bonds are strong enough. As headmaster, he doesn't really interact with the three of them enough to know.
  17. @cristiancruz2135: When you realize if you watch the entire movie, it’s not just about why Harry calls himself “the chosen one”, it’s about Dumbledore and Snape  as the protagonists due to the two greatest wizards of all time. Dumbledore is a savior, while Snape is the Half Blood Prince. These two trust each other all along to protect Harry. So emotional. ❤😢
  18. @IVLogo: It's likely Daniel Radcliff was legitimately intoxicated while shooting the scenes where he was under the effects of Liquid Luck. He has admitted he struggled with alcohol abuse during that time
  19. @cauqtt: 18:13 neville and luna!!!!!!!!
  20. @IVLogo: There were two birds in the cage. The first one had white feathers, and it died after being sent through the vanishing cabinet. The second one had black feathers, and that was alive after being sent through, showing that Draco had finished fixing it

- 20260206 FB Live Replay: Plan, Don’t React — A February Check-In with Wise Balance Accounting: Kind: captions Language: en Hi everyone. Thanks for being here with me today this first Friday of February. Uh I want to take a quick side quest for a moment and tell you about something that I've come across over the last few years and that's the idea of seasonal living. Um so I want to talk about why that's stuck with me and how it applies in business. So at its core um seasonal living is simply the idea that different seasons ask different things of us. They have different rhythms. Um there are times of the year that naturally lend themselves to growth, expansion, and pushing forward. And we see that in nature, especially in spring and summer. And there are times that are better suited for slowing down, for reflecting and adjusting, just like the earth rests during the winter instead of accepting the same pace or the same energy, the same output all year long, year long. Um, sorry, I'm getting a weird pump. Okay, I think we're good still. Um, seasonal living encourages us to work with our natural rhythms and not against them. This idea shows up a lot um across research on productivity and decision-m that working with your natural rhythms tends to be far more effective than constantly fighting them. That mindset has helped me better understand and work with my own rhythms and to be more observant and in tune with what each season brings. Even appreciating small moments like the way the rain creates these glittering ripples as it runs downhill, even though I'm stopped in traffic at a red light. Um, for me, February definitely falls into a quiet category. Although it's sunny here in Portland today, the weather is usually cool, cloudy, and rainy. um we're more indoors, more introspective, and it's a really good time to check in and see what's working and what might need adjustments. The same can be true in our businesses. We go through seasons there, too. And it's not about stopping or pulling back completely. It's about checking in um noticing what's actually working, making small course corrections before moving ahead again. And that's exactly the shift that I want to talk about today. moving from reacting to your numbers to using them as a calm, forward-looking guide for what your business can realistically support next. So, taking some time in a quieter season to slow down um just enough to look ahead can help you stop reacting and start deciding. Um if you don't have that kind of guide in place, then urgency just takes over. your decisions get shaped by what just needs attention right now, what's the loudest um whatever landed in your inbox or whoever is um asking for an answer right in the moment. And what can happen is that decision making shifts into reaction mode um even if things are generally stable. And this creates a constant low-level pressure like you're always responding and reacting and that can be really exhausting. Um, it could also lead you to make decisions without any context. And that's where your numbers are really should be able to help you. Um, you can use your numbers to create a financial plan. That's one simple way to step out of reaction mode and into something more intentional. Um, it's not doesn't have to be complicated or rigid. It's just a way to create the context that might be missing when you're making decisions on the fly. Um, a financial plan is not about predicting the future. It's not about getting everything perfect. Um, and it's definitely not about locking yourself into decisions that you can't change. At its core, a financial plan helps you see where you are, where you're headed, and how to move forward um toward what you want next. So, it can give you answers to practical questions like how much cash flow or how much cash do I actually have available to work with? Um, what obligations are coming up that I need to plan around? Where do I have flexibility and where do I not? Um, and how do I reach my longer term goals? With that kind of clarity, you can make choices with a lot more confidence. And that's what really changes the experience of running your business. So it's not just more hustle uh but more clarity around what's possible. So the winter for me is very much an introspective season. Um it's a shift from looking backward to looking forward and planning for the upcoming growth seasons. Um especially that's true when it comes to how we use our numbers. Um you know most accounting um by default it looks backward. It accounts for what happened. um it tells you what already happened and that information matters. Um that's how we know that things are accurate, that we're compliant, that all the data is complete. But if that's all your numbers are doing, um they're not giving you much help in the moment. Um what actually changes things is when your numbers start helping you decide what to do next. They can help you answer questions like, "How much can you comfortably spend without stressing your cash flow?" Um, is now a good time to hire a new employee or to take on a new project? Um, what should you focus on prioritizing in the next weeks or months? Um, so that's when accounting stops feeling just like a chore that you check off after the fact and starts feeling like a tool that you can actually use. these forwardlooking numbers um even if you have them in a very simple way, they give you something to lean on when it's decision time um and makes your process feel a lot more steady. So, if your numbers feel unclear or a little overwhelming right now or you're not quite sure how to use them to make a plan or make decisions, um you actually don't have to fix everything at once. Um, a simple place to start is just um, look at your cash balance and then your upcoming obligations. Just enough to understand what's coming up and what you're working with. So, you might just do that by opening your bank account and asking what's really available right now and then look ahead a few weeks and note, you know, what might be coming up like payroll, um, rent or debt payments, um, any large bills that you know are coming up. H anything recurring that tends to surprise you if you're not looking out for it. You're not trying to build a perfect forecast here. You're just giving yourself a basic picture of near-term reality. Then from there, you can zoom out slightly and look at your monthly trends. Focus on the last few months. Um you can see is your income relatively steady? Are your expenses creeping up? Are there patterns that you're seeing month after month? You can also look back at the same time last year. What happened in the months that followed February? Were there seasonal expenses, slower periods, or busy stretches that maybe caught you off guard? Um, is there anything that tends to come up around this time of year that you can plan for now? And you're not doing this to overanalyze the past. You're doing it to look for patterns that can help you anticipate what's ahead. When you have that information, even even in a very simple format, you can start using it as a guide. Um, and you can do that by setting aside money um ahead of any large annual expenses that you know is coming. Um, you can plan for periods of lower revenue if your business has a slow season. You can time purchases or projects so that they don't unnecessarily um put pressure on your cash. um even deciding what not to do without second guessing. It can also look like choosing a pace that your cash flow can actually support or saying yes to opportunities that fit and no to ones that would stretch things too thin. When you use your numbers this way, you can approve a purchase without worrying about payroll next week. Um, you can know how much income you can pull for yourself without creating stress later in the month. You won't be scrambling when a quarterly tax payment or an annual renewal comes due. Um, you can plan your time off for a slower period without feeling like everything will fall apart. And when something unexpected does come up, you have a cushion or at least a plan. Having that plan can change how your business feels on a day-to-day basis. If any of this resonates with you and you'd like support creating that kind of clarity around your numbers, um whether that's building a simple financial plan, understanding what your cash can support, or figuring out your next best move, you're welcome to book a call with me. There's no pressure and no obligation. It's just a chance to talk through where things stand and what might be helpful for you next. Um, I'll put the link to my booking calendar in the comments. Um, I'm always happy to be a resource. Even if you don't reach out, I hope that this idea of seasonal living, even in business, gives you permission to slow down just enough to listen to what your business is actually telling you and make a plan for growth in the coming season. Thanks so much for being here with me today. Have a great week weekend everyone.

- How to Increase Facebook Engagement in 2026: Kind: captions Language: en look it's no secret that facebook is the largest social media platform in the world but what isn't so clear is how to actually use facebook to increase your engagement so today i'm going to give you the seven facebook algorithm hacks to increase your engagement hey guys sherman here at life marketing a digital marketing agency that works on facebook campaigns all day long for small businesses i'm taking a break from work right now to give you the seven hacks to breaking the facebook algorithm to take your engagement to the next level and by the way you don't have to click some link in my bio for the full guide or buy my free course if you follow these instructions that i'm about to give you i promise you that you will see higher levels of engagement on your facebook page and if you stay to the end i'll give you a bonus hack alright so let's cut to the chase first of all what is facebook engagement facebook engagement is any action someone takes on your post so likes comments clicks shares video views and so on will count as engagement now here are the hacks to increasing your facebook engagement for your business by the way if you're new to our channel go ahead and subscribe so you don't miss out on future tips to help you grow your business all right hack number one boost your content i've got a question for you if a tree falls in a force and there's no way around to hear it does it make a sound i'll wait okay look i'm going to tell you what everyone else is afraid to tell you if you want to increase your engagement on facebook you are going to have to boost your post because here's the truth there's 2 billion people on facebook right now and everyone's competing for the same five seconds of attention on the news feed and on that news feed guess what facebook prioritizes posts with friends and family over business content which means even if you have followers on your facebook business page you're still not going to reach most of them and if you're starting from absolutely nothing meaning you have low followers and engagement chances are you're not going to get a lot of attention by just posting great content the reality is is that facebook is not hurting for content anymore instead it's the businesses that are hurting for attention but here's the good news number one you don't need to spend a whole lot of money boosting your posts we've boosted polls for clients for just five dollars that ended up performing extremely well in terms of engagement and followers and number two you actually increase your organic reach through increasing your engagement so if you boost your post and everyone loves it facebook is more likely to show your post to them again the next time you post not to mention that they may love it so much that they decide to share it with their friends and you get a viral spin on your content so go ahead and save yourself from low engagement by milking the facebook algorithm by boosting your post hack number two create engage worthy content do you want to know what's not engaging filling up your facebook page with posts that have absolutely nothing to do with your audience and everything to do with your we see this a lot with small businesses they create facebook pages and start posting about how cool their business is and then they realize it's still just their family and friends that are actually following them okay so that's the problem now here's the solution facebook prioritizes posts that spark conversations and meaningful interactions with people so you need to post content that pertains to the interests and goals of your audience if you want to engage them even if that does not directly promote your business because remember you're competing for attention on facebook first and foremost once you have attention on a consistent basis you can start promoting to your audience to monetize it but until then you need to post content that grabs people's attention you need a hook that piques people's interest you need a message that is authentic and relevant and you need eye-catching images or videos that make people want to stop scrolling and digest your content all right hack number three get people talking let me ask you something which drink do you prefer coke or pepsi here's another one how often do you cut your yard every two weeks or every month okay and what's your favorite social media platform facebook or instagram regardless of your answers to these questions my point here is that posts that get people talking will increase your engagement on facebook now notice that these questions are very easy to answer you can easily pick one of the two options that i have listed here this is much different than saying what are you going to drink today or what do you think these type of questions require more effort and thinking power on your audience's part which ultimately makes it much easier for them to scroll right past but by asking questions with simple answers or comparison questions in your content you increase your chances of increasing your facebook engagement the trick here is that you also want to be relevant to your audience and business as well so a hair salon might do a comparison photo of two different hairstyles and ask their audience which hairstyle is their favorite well a nutritionist might ask their audience if they prefer almonds or peanuts as a snack anyway the bottom line here is if you want to increase your facebook engagement you need to get people talking by the way guys since we're talking about if this is helpful to you at all please smash that like button for me below all right hack number four interact with your followers no one likes sending someone a text message and being left on red and likewise you don't want to leave the people who were engaging with your business on red you should interact with them your interactions and responses will contribute to your post overall engagement and it might also encourage further dialogue and discussion thus leading to more engagement on your facebook post so don't sit back and say oh cool i got five comments like you're a supermodel and everyone is just so flattered by you get in the game interact with the people who are engaging with your business and build authentic relationships with your audience hack number five avoid fishing for engagement facebook hates posts that ask for engagement like posts that start with comment below and share this simply because you want engagement on your post those tricks used to work really well like five years ago but is now frowned upon after the news feed exploded with these type of messages so don't hurt your reach by asking for engagement instead make your content so irresistible that it's hard for people not to hit that like button or engage with your content hack number six post more often how much engagement can you get if you don't post anything at all probably none right well the same thing applies to frequency you're likely to get more engagement from posting five times per week than you would if you post it just one time per week so make sure that you're posting frequently and consistently but also make sure you're not posting garbage if you're posting a bunch of bad content it could actually result in you losing followers and engagement so craft your content carefully and choose a schedule that allows you to do this as consistently as possible hack number seven post native content and keep people on facebook why would facebook show your post in the news feed if it takes people off facebook their entire business model is based on people spending as much time on their platform as possible with that said you're likely not going to increase your engagement by including links in every single post or promoting your youtube page for example it's already proven that native content performs best in the facebook algorithm native content is content that is created solely for the purpose of the platform it is consumed on so for example if you have video content you should upload your video directly into facebook and share it on facebook's platform doing this will get you far more engagement than simply sharing a link to youtube taking people off of facebook and sending them to their biggest competitor likewise instead of linking to an article in your post take the major takeaways of that article and split it up into a series of social media posts that can be digested on facebook instead of an external website doing this will keep people on facebook longer and also help you break through their algorithm to increase your engagement alright so here's a bonus hack use video i'm including video as a bonus hack because not everyone may have the means to create videos but if you do i highly recommend it like i said in my last hack facebook wants to keep people on their platform as long as possible the longer they can keep you on facebook the more ads they can share and the more money they can make and what better way to do that than with video videos perform better than any other type of media content on facebook in terms of engagement even if you use animated or stock video clips to supplement your posts chances are is that it still will outperform other content types in the algorithm as long as your video is engaging so in short use video as much as possible alright so those are my hacks to breaking through the facebook algorithm to increase your engagement now let's recap the seven hacks that i gave you those seven hacks were number one boost your content number two create engage worthy content number three get people talking number four interact with your followers number five avoid fishing for engagement number six post more often and lastly number seven post native content and then i gave you a bonus hack if you can use video as much as possible if this video helped you guys out at all please smash that like button for me below and if you want to see new videos to help your business grow then be sure to subscribe to our channel thanks everyone and i will talk to you soon oh

  Top Comments:
  1. @LYFEMarketingAtlanta [2 likes]: Want us to grow your business so you can focus on running it? Get a free, custom quote and proposal here: https://www.lyfemarketing.com/services/social-media-advertising-services/?utm_source=youtube&utm_medium=fbalgorithmhacks&utm_campaign=jan82021
  2. @user-vm-fy [1 likes]: Watching now in 2026🎉❤
  3. @DocuDroid [1 likes]: This video is such a gem for anyone looking to boost their presence on Facebook in 2025! Social media algorithms and user interactions are constantly evolving, so getting updated insights is crucial. I wonder if the video explores the importance of new tools and features that Facebook might roll out in the coming years, like enhanced analytics or interactive content options. It’s always so fascinating to see how digital strategies adapt over time to maintain genuine engagement. Can't wait to see what tips are shared!
  4. @NjidekaMargret: Sharp nice one 👍
  5. @photosdeposits: Hello. Most of my Facebook reels are showing the wrong thumbnails/covers. Is Facebook, for some reason, proactively hiding the thumbnails of my reels? Can you help me understand why? I think the wrong thumbnails are costing me clicks, views, and engagements. I hope you can help me with this problem. Thanks!
  6. @winneribe05: Pls can I be using both page and profile at the same time for content
  7. @jahloveebun: Thanks bro
Pls i have a group on Facebook which is 1k members now but the members don't engage no matter what i post

Pls what should i do
  8. @Hair-style-e9u: Best video thank you so much
  9. @DaPokeTrap: Thanks
  10. @CradleTothegrave7: I get comments on every other platform but when it comes to Facebook and Instagram nothing
  11. @ThanksBlair: Omg your so awesome thank you for this, I needed this so bad
  12. @akosuaafriyie1334: Thank you 🙏🏼
  13. @Peaches-cm9yy: I don’t mind boosting . But I don’t like when my post says ‘sponsored’ 😮
  14. @p.k.mtradingandentertainment: This is rely good.well explained 🎉
  15. @INFINITESYKOSIS: 👍
  16. @kerimyouba6530: Good
  17. @alijenga: Very good information. Will try boosting method.
  18. @JohnWatson-r9e9m: amazing
  19. @RobertPeterson-r4c: Thank you for explaining everything so clearly. Everything is very clear. Like for the explanation.
  20. @sarojiniloftin: Sherman, your direct and practical advice is a goldmine! Thanks for delivering actionable strategies without the fluff—exactly what I needed to refocus my Facebook efforts.

- In Need of your ideas! Rhythm & Views Plans for 2026 #reaction #reactionvideos #reactionchannel: Kind: captions Language: en Hey, good morning, good afternoon, good evening, whatever time it is for you guys. Just wanted to give you a little update. Um, trying a couple different things with my camera and stuff. Last night I got a couple videos out. I was super tired and had a super early morning. Um, fell asleep after heading out into the living room. Slept on the recliner all night long. woke up to my alarm going off like 3:30 a.m. to go to work from the night before. So, I just wanted to show you guys I did some decorating here. I received some stuff in the mail. So, we got See if I can got my my new Renegade Ren shirt. It's Who is Violet? Had a custom made. Uh, see here is the warning. I had this custom made from uh uh a shot from one of their videos. I've got freeze the fall. Trying to figure out how to point freeze the fall uh down here. Another custom made one uh from one of their videos and Bandade over here. Unfortunately, I couldn't get a bigger band made. It was um that was the biggest that they would let me make it with the picture that I had and I threw up some little guitars I got for like five bucks in a store somewhere and I I don't know how to point here. It's difficult. The struggle is real. And let me move out of the way. We got some decorating going on here. Threw up some of my instruments and amplifiers and stuff. Make it look good. I traded a little tiny rock crawler. I had for this remote control sailboat. I'm going to probably try to sell it, but it looks pretty cool. Uh, another thing I wanted to do was I added a second camera, which I had uh my wife had it for teaching during COVID, so I can change views during uh our videos. Fun. I can switch back and forth. I'm sitting here like so. Try it. I uh I'm trying to figure out some innovative ways of going about some things. Do things a little differently than most people. So, there we go. I switched the screen. Trying to figure out how to work this. You could practice. I guess I'd be looking over here when I'm watching a video. So, be fun. McKenzie sitting next to me. Get some different different view angles. I actually have a third camera. It's not nearly as good a quality. Maybe I'll integrate it in here too somehow or another. Uh, super excited. Got all my stuff up on the wall. It's looking much better in here. Bit of a big pile of mess. Uh, somebody in the comments on one of the warning videos uh let me know that they're coming to the States. So, I jumped right on their website. Uh, they're coming to Bottle Rock in Napa Valley, which is where I grew up. And, uh, we're going to go see them. Uh it didn't say anything on the bottle rock about them being there. They had like I don't know the Foo Fighters and they had uh the Backstreet Boys. That'd be interesting. They've got to be getting pretty old. Uh let's see who else. Lil Wayne's going to be there. A bunch of other artists. Didn't say anything about The Warning. Uh got tickets for Friday night. Man, I hope they play every day. I'd kick myself. We miss it. Or expensive, man. like 750 bucks for uh tickets for McKenzie and I um to dip into the savings for for that. Actually, I don't even have much of a savings. It's more like I put it on the credit card which we're trying to pay down. So, man, super excited in May. We're going to go see that. Uh cannot wait. We're going to get some more of the warning underneath that belt cuz I don't want to hear new stuff there. I want to keep it for you guys. We'll keep it for you guys. Um, these reaction videos, I'm sure I won't catch them all, but it is what it is. We'll still do reactions to them whether we've seen them or not. Um, let me try this other camera. Uh, have to get used to this. Kind of cool though. Um, let's see. I put an extension cable this camera. I want to check that out. Like I could drag you guys around here. Maybe a little shake. That's just cuz old man, but uh if I can get a little closer. Oh, I could do this with my phone. But there you get a closer view of posters. Got some stuff up over here, too. I'm still trying to clean up some um my bass guitar. Some Fender Squire drums. Drum set I bought for my son. Bought the keyboard for McKenzie long time. I actually have a violin in there. Need to kind of put it together. Freeze of fall back over there. Yep, that's about as far as I can go. I'm going to have to get longer extension cords. There's my my Ren who is Violet shirt that I custom made. I think it's cool. Really cool. There's that elbow I was telling you about. That thing's a monster. It's huge. Uh, and then this is where the pile of crap has gone. I still have to organize all this. My PV base amp. Got a I don't even know how to pronounce it epohone amplifier back here. Got a line 6 amp back over here. Got all this stuff. Never learn how to play. Yep, that's me. Oh, there you can see my setup. So, I use this for our business. I work for my father. Got stuff up over here for notes. Calendar. Actually have three monitors. One up there is a little too high. I can't really view it very well. I've got this camera here. It's the main one that I typically use. Got a small like a 720p camera there. These are the new headsets that we got. Love them. Really really cool. I can get up to like six people on this thing now if I have people over that little controller. I bought my son for learning how to program. Actually got little LEDs and lights and stuff. Really neat. All right, I'm gonna flip you around. This might get a little dizzy. Try not to spin you too fast. This used to be Mackenzie's room. Still got records up over here. They're just decoration type things, but she had this place decorated to the tilt. If anybody knows anything about old VHS's, I've got these that I picked up. You ever watch the the storage wars? Yeah, I did that. actually went and purchased a storage unit and I picked up all these old classic O uh comics. I've got a stack of them here. I know a couple of them are worth a couple hundred bucks. I just haven't had a chance to try to try to sell them. 305,000 views, 12.2,000 watchtime hours or close to 35 subscribers. Insane. And I've made $2966 since I've been able to add the ads into uh my videos and I'm sorry about that. Sorry about the ads. They're a pain. All right, I'm going to switch over to the other camera that's stationary and get this one placed back in place. Just wanted to share with you guys kind of set this down right now. Um what's going on with the setup? Super excited about going to see the warning. Oh my gosh. Oh shoot. She's gonna kick me. I got this for Lena's birthday or Mackenzie's birthday. Sorry. Lena is my oldest daughter. So, had this one custom made for McKenzie. A little bit smaller. She could put it in her room. She's got so much decorations and stuff down there. It's crazy. But yeah, I really like this one. It's amazing. There. That's going to square. Hopefully the glare isn't terrible. Super duper excited. Um, working on some things. I've been trying to go through some of the comments today and I took a look at quite a few. Tried to respond to a bunch of you guys. Uh, somebody yesterday, I think, was riding to and from work. We had like threeh hour commute to get to work. 3 hour commute back. I'm sitting on my phone messing around trying to figure out how I can better this channel. Uh ran across somebody that was saying they didn't want to do patron blah blah blah, you know, get suckered into a monthly thing and suggested I add a buy me a coffee. I know I've seen it before, but I don't know what it is. I guess it's a onetime donation if you'd like to to help out. So, signed up for that. I haven't posted it in any videos or anything yet, but it's in all the descriptions. Kind of worked on my phone yesterday getting those in there. If you'd like to help uh support the channel at all, we would certainly appreciate it. I'm trying to pour some money and a whole lot of effort into getting this thing going. And boy is it going. Man, I'd have never known that I'd be sitting at 2,636 subscribers in just over a month. That's that's absolutely insanity to me that I'm even here in front of you guys doing this is is beyond me because this is not me at all. I'm a total [clears throat] introvert. Um anyways, I'm going to hop off here and see what else I can do. Somebody had mentioned I need to try to do some merchandise. So, I don't know what I'm doing. We'll figure something out. These things turned out awesome. We'll figure something out for merch. Uh I kind of do and did put together a little uh uh let's see, kind of a custom print picture type thing for the channel when I was first starting before I got into the editing software. Just threw some pictures together and it's pretty cool. I may may use that modify it a little bit for for some pictures and stuff or I don't know t-shirts, mugs if you guys and let me know what you guys would want. Mugs or blankets or shirts, hats, I don't know. I don't know what I'm doing. That's what you guys are for. Help me out. Um yeah, let me know please in the comments. I would greatly appreciate it and uh we'll do what we can to keep the content coming out. I do have to make my mortgage payment, so I got to keep going to work. Man, I'd love to sit here and hang out and share music with you guys. It's certainly my passion for sure. And it's nice to be able to do this, even the little bit that I do get to do it. Um, at that spread peace, spread love, and let's make 2026 a freaking amazing you guys.

  Top Comments:
  1. @paulbTWA2019 [2 likes]: I truly hope you get to see THE WARNING  . Your studio looking good 👍
  2. @jeffgray9943 [1 likes]: I'd like to see multiple monitors playing what the camera sees and the featured video. Looks busy. Looks cool. Only display what REALLY captures your soul. Add some Hollywood style , you know BIIIGGGG/FLASHY. BUT your studio is a closet size? Expand , walk around. Cut in some special reaction, like when your painting a gate, stop and react. Also consider your subs- most of us are watching and listening on a cell phone- listen in on your reactions to see and hear for yourself- are u satisfied with limited volume?? Personality and presentation are one of the best on YT.
  3. @ricks5360 [1 likes]: Looking good 👍

- The NEW WAY To Test Facebook Ads (Post Andromeda): Kind: captions Language: en Facebook advertisers are losing their minds when it comes to testing ad creative now that the Andromeda update has been rolled out. I'm seeing so many mistakes being made around this. And in this video, I'm going to show you how we're still able to test ad creative post Andromeda. And we're spending more than $15 million a month across hundreds of ad accounts. We do a lot of testing. >> OH MY GOD. OKAY, IT'S HAPPENING. EVERYBODY STAY CALM. >> WHAT'S THE PROCEDURE, EVERYONE? WHAT'S THE PROCEDURE? >> STAY CALM. OKAY, so let's quickly make sure that we all understand the problem that I'm talking about here. Now that the Andromeda update has been rolled out, one of the big impacts from that is that we now know we need more ad creative diversity. We need more ad creative and we need it to be different, each individual piece to be different from the other pieces of ad creative that we're uh running within within a campaign within an ad set. If you create ads that are just variations of other ones, let's say there's five different ads that all very similar, you're testing different elements, Metal will just pick one of those, put that into the auction, the others won't get a fair crack at it. If you create other ads that are very different visually, could be a different ad format, image versus video, could be uh something that looks very different, then fine. Meta will treat that as a separate ad and and put that into the auction and give that a go and see how it can perform. Now, Meta is doing that because they're recognizing that different people respond to different ad creative. They're also trying to overcome ad fatigues. They're thinking creative diversity, excellent. That's going to help advertisers get better results. But it does create a real problem when it comes to testing. And that's that if you find a winning ad format, let's let's take an image for example. You want to make as much of that as you possibly can. And you also want to get more detailed and test the various elements to see if you can improve performance. So, for example, you might have a winning image and think, right, I want to test different text overlay on the image. I want to test different background color. I want to test it in in that color versus black and white. I want to test including a price banner or not. Well, because those are all relatively minor tweaks of the one image ad, Meta could easily look at those and go, "Nah, they're all the same thing. We're only going to choose one, and that's the only one that actually gets any any budget and any chance to to perform and generate the lead sales, whatever it is you're optimizing for." But we know as advertisers that changing the text overlay, for example, on an image ad can have a massive impact on performance because that might be the thing that either gets people to pay attention to the ad or not. It might be the thing that convinces them to take action or not. It can have a really big impact. So whilst the system might not recognize them as different ads, we know that that can have a big ad performance and we want to be able to test this. What that has led a lot of meta advertisers to do is just guess cuz they're thinking, well, each ad creative needs to be really different. So, for my image ad that includes the founder holding the product, for example, um I'm just going to have to guess that this is the right text overlay to put with it. That's not a great place for advertisers. That's not how we want to do things properly. That's not how professionals operate when it comes to to performance marketing or when it comes to advertising. So, you can test this properly and you absolutely should. The way you do it is with the creative testing tool that I'm going to to demonstrate in a minute. So, let me show you how this creative testing tool works. It's very simple. It's included within within Ads Manager. Um, it's actually the ad level. So, I've just created a quick example leads campaign. You can obviously do this with other campaign types as well. But if you come to the ad level and you scroll down beneath I haven't set up anything else about this ad um yet. I just want to focus in on this. Beneath where you set up your ad creative, you've got this creative testing. Now you can see here here it says compare up to five different versions of your creative in a test that helps ensure delivery to new test ads. That's the really important part. This is why this tool is the perfect solution to the problem created by update when it comes to ad creative testing. So if we click in here, we can better understand it, right? So we can test between two and five different ads. We don't have to just do one, you know, ad A versus ad B. We can test a whole bunch. I'm going to do two for demonstration purposes now, but absolutely fine to to do more at once. You then say how much of your budget should go to test ads. This is just a quick example campaign. Um, this has only got a £25 daily budget. So, I can say, look, use all the budget within this campaign ads set or ads set um for the test or just use a proportion of it. Totally up to you. Um, how long should we run the test for? The default is 7 days, but you can increase this time frame should you wish to. This will depend. What you want to do here will depend on the conversion volume you're likely to generate. So we want to see for example which ad generates a better cost per lead. So we need to make sure that we run the test long enough so that we generate enough leads to have data that we can actually use and and rely on. Now this part is really really important down here. The default for me within this example is cost per post engagement. So how do you want to compare performance? Cost per post engagement. Absolutely not. That is not what I want to measure. I want to measure how well this does on a cost per lead basis on a cost per sale basis whatever it is the most important metric. not engagement. So I want to come in here and change this in this instance to cost per lead, but there are obviously lots of other options as well. Now when I've done this, this is also another important part. It says since your duration or budget changed, the recommended key metric was updated the drop down. Basically that's why they put it cost per um [clears throat] engagement using this metric can help you get more information results with high confidence. So what they're basically saying here without actually saying it but I can translate for you to some extent is that look only spending £25 per day over a seven day period and optimizing cost per lead that might not be either enough spent or long enough to be able to know which ads within this test produce a better cost per lead. So in this instance what we would likely either need to do is increase the budget. we'd have to increase the adset or campaign budget, right? Because that's we can't go beyond the total or increase the time frame or both, right? To the point where we now have enough data to be able to run this test. And no, I'm just going to leave that as is for now. But just wanted to quickly highlight that this is how you go ahead and set that up. So then I go ahead and click confirm. And what you'll see happens very simply is that within this sort of ad here, we've got these two test ads. And then we can go ahead and you can see these ads are same setup as a regular ad. But we could go ahead and add in different uh creative in this instance, but you can also test other things by the way, but we could add in different creative into this ad and then come up to this ad and add in other creative. In fact, I did a little run through a second ago. So, let me show you what that looks like. So, this is an example test that we might want to run um for our ad creative. So, this is an image that has worked well for us in the past. We've run this um in ad campaigns for a little while now, and it's an ad for my mentorship program. By the way, if you're interested in your program, link in the video description, you can find out more. We have unlimited one-to-one support. Um, daily live calls Q&As with me, my expert team members, like tons of support, really good program if you're interested, to go ahead and check that out. But anyway, this is a image that we've run for mentorship program. So, very simple format, picture of me, um, some results that people have achieved with my own mentorship program. Uh, fairly standard image ad, right? Want me to mentor you? We know this works. So, we might go, right, I want to test this against very similar versions of this, but tweak some stuff. So, here we've got a black and white version of me. We might want to test this against, if I just scroll down, it loads up a color version, right, with a little bit of a different background. Instead of just the solid blue background, we've got sort of uh a desk and um and our office behind with some people sat there and and that be the the look of the ad. Meta could easily look at those two ads and go, "These are the same thing. We're only going to put one into the auction." If we weren't using the creative testing tool, but because we are, Meta will now give these ads a proper go. And what they would do as part of creative testing, it's not just about giving it budget. It's also they're going to keep the delivery of those ads separate so that you can do a proper test so that you go, okay, group A within our audience is going to see this ad. Group B within our audience is going to see this ad. And then we can compare performance based on um the metric that we selected. In this case, was cost per result, but could be something else. Once this test has completed, once that time frame has run out, meta will then usually go ahead. You do want to double check because it doesn't always happen, but usually then spend more money on the winning version and you could always turn off the uh the other version and delivery will return to normal and you can go about your ads will be put in front of people as would happen anyway. But this can be a great way to narrow in on the finer detail and actually work out, okay, this element does improve performance versus this element. We could see, for example, a 10% 15% difference between the black and white version and the color version. That would absolutely be worth finding out and we don't want Andromeda to prevent that and this is how you get around it. Hyro is the best tracking and attribution software for meta ads. It's a software all the big players in this industry use including myself. I use it to track results for my own ads as well as all my organic results as well. So if someone books a call for our done for you services for example, I can see exactly where that person came from with a lot of accuracy. That allows me to make better decisions for my marketing and my business. Hyro has been able to track that from our ad spend in this campaign we've generated £96,000 but £58,000 of that was not reported by Meta. So if I was just looking at my data within my meta ad account I might come to the conclusion that this campaign is doing okay but in reality this campaign is doing a lot lot better. Now this is a relatively extreme example because of the nature of our business. So most of our products services have recurring billing elements. Meta might be able to see what we make initially from our ad spend on that initial transaction, but not those subsequent payments. That's why it it shows the importance here of being able to accurately see what we actually get from our ad spend in order to be able to make better decisions and optimize correctly. So, if you want to improve the performance of your ad campaigns without having to touch your ads, go ahead and sign up to Hyros. There is a link in the video description. Now, there are a couple of other things I need to mention around this creative testing tool. Firstly, it's not as important if you are testing very different ads anyway. So, if for example, you're testing an image ad versus a video ad, meta is going to treat those as different ads, the Andromeda update is not going to get in the way. You'll be able to test. Now, the delivery is probably going to overlap. You might want that might be better performance, but if you are looking to do a strict test to find out, does A perform better than B? Even if they're very different, you can still use greater testing tool. But the Andromeda update is not going to affect that. It's not going to get in the way of that process if the ad's very different. either different formats or very different visuals. So, what we'll often find is that the initial round of testing, we're less likely to use the creative testing tool because we're finding out the big stuff. What performs better, image video, what performs better, UGC style video versus, you know, really professionally produced versus founder, those sorts of things. But then when we were to get into the more detail, and often the winning happens in working out the detail, then we're going to use the the creative testing tool a lot. Another instance where I really like using it is to test video hooks. So, if you've seen my content before about video ads or hooks, you'll know that hooks are incredibly important to your meta ads. The hook, by the way, is the opening scene, the opening line, usually about the first 3 seconds. And you can take a video ad that's performed really well, change the hook, and it will perform really poorly, even though you're only changing the first couple of seconds. Likewise, you can do the opposite and massively improve an ad because the hook is what convinces people either to pay attention to it or not. Um, and if they don't pay attention to it, they don't find out about your product or service, they don't take the action that you want to take. So, when we create video ads, often what we'll do is we'll create just a handful, maybe a couple of full ads, but then we will create lots of different hooks with different visual locations, maybe change the opening line so that we can create, say, 20 different ads, even if we've only produced two full bodies because we've got 10 different hook variations for each. and then we will test those and you'll often see massively varying differences in results between the different hook options. Now with Andromeda, this doesn't seem to happen all the time by the way because a lot of people say this and yes, we've seen it in some instances but not all. What Andromeda post Andromeda what Meta will now do is they might look at two ads that let's say are 40 seconds long and they're identical other than those first few seconds and and make the same calculations we talked about previously. Aha, these are basically the same ad. we're just going to put one into the auction, the other one's not going to get a look in. That is absolutely not what you want to do because just like I discussed previously how changing the text overlay on an image is massively important, changing the hook on a video ad is incredibly important. You absolutely want to be able to test between different um video ad hooks. So, the creative testing tool, exactly what I just showed you, is is absolutely the right way to do that. and you can test the different hooks and then you can introduce and then what you can do basically let's say you test five different hooks same main body of the ad but different hooks find out which is the winner and then put that into your ad set without the creative testing alongside other very different ads that's when you then test okay this is a UGC style ad versus founder ad versus product demonstration video ad um type setup right that's how you go about doing it so please do not throw out the hook method the changing of hooks which is what a lot of advertisers are If you've got a video out that's performed really well and you want to get more out of it, it's a really timeefficient and effective way of doing so is to go and record a bunch of new hooks, edit them onto the front, and then test. You can do that through the creative testing tool. I really have seen a lot of advertisers say you can't do that anymore. You can. You just got to use the creative testing tool. Um, I know I'm probably uh hammering home the point here, but I think this is this is really key to a lot of how we test going forward. And I think in general I want to help meta advertisers relax post Andromeda because the standard recommendation now is that you produce 20 plus ad creatives and every single ad creative needs to be completely different from the others. That's an enormous amount of work. It's difficult to produce 20 ad creatives even if you are using say the hook method and five of the ads are exactly the same but just with different hooks or you're creating variations of an image that's still work. But to reduce 20 pieces of ad creative that are totally different from one another and run all those in an ads set together, I think is unrealistic for a ton of businesses. And actually, I'm starting to see this put people off and get in the way of them making progress cuz it just it it feels like too large a burden. The juice isn't worth the squeeze. It's like if I have to make 20, I'm not going to bother making one. when actually if you just tested a couple of new ads every now and then compounded over time that can make a massive uh difference to your ad campaign performance and is well worth doing. So don't let this massive creative requirement put you off. The way I would look at meta ad creative production and testing uh it would be similar to a diet, right? Better to go with a a creative production schedule that you can stick to as opposed to the one that's perfect. Just like with diet, we all know what a perfect diet looks like. Can anyone realistically stick to a perfect diet all the time? No. So, we need to go with the option that is realistic that we can actually stick with. And that might mean that you launch a campaign with four very different creatives and perhaps a few different variations. That's absolutely fine. And if you want more info on meta ad creative, check out this video here. In that video, I react to a number of different meta ads found by my team in the meta ads library. I hadn't seen them before I watch this video. Some are great, some are terrible. Well worth a watch.

  Top Comments:
  1. @JeffBrown-h1l [1 likes]: Does this mean the 2 campaign system need not be two campaigns? ie Scale and Test. So we now run one and use the Creative testing?
  2. @BenHeath: Get personal Meta Ads feedback from me (live) for less than $60 per session:
👉 https://www.skool.com/benheath/about
Let my agency run your Meta ads for you:
👉 https://heathmedia.co.uk/done-for-you/
  3. @karunamayiholisticinc: does this mean we no longer need to do ad set budget optimization for Ad testing?
  4. @aarush_119: This is good but before this I used to follow CBO or ABO testing It worked for me at that time
  5. @RealestatephotographyEasymode: on meta calls is there phone screening
  6. @jhoncandia: thnks
  7. @IsraAyasrah: can I add new creative iterations for the winning ad after an ad has launched?
  8. @jonathanmui6764: The problem is that you can only run one test at a time. When you spend 4k/d and have 50+ creatives across 4-5 concepts this takes forever.
  9. @madsrasmussen4306: Very good video.
  10. @AmarilisWernex: Achei bem interessante o ponto que você destacou sobre a importância de testar não só criativos diferentes, mas também abordar públicos com intenções variadas dentro do funil. Faz total sentido e é algo que às vezes a gente negligencia. Eu mesmo, depois de tanto apanhar com inconsistências de dados e bloqueios, comecei a usar o DICloak pra gerenciar múltiplas contas e, sério, facilitou muito minha vida. Dá pra focar mais nos testes e otimizações sem me preocupar tanto com interrupções inesperadas.
  11. @AmarilisWernex: Ben, achei interessante quando você falou sobre priorizar a segmentação ampla nas campanhas de teste A/B. Tenho testado algo parecido, mas às vezes sinto que algumas escolhas de criativo acabam performando melhor em públicos mais específicos. Será que é uma questão de variação do nicho ou tem algo que eu possa ajustar na análise dos dados?
  12. @RafaelBelor: would you still upload all ad creatives into the same adset? if i have an ad that is working well, and want to run a new creative, should i put it in the same adset or create a new one?
  13. @marcmcdermott4742: I've run a few of these now where the ad distribution is definitely not equal. In some cases facebook showing 95% of one ad. Other tests though the tool worked as it should with equal distribution. Have you seen this? Is this a bug you think?
  14. @soniavarghese1515: Once we finalize a winning ada we need to make more variations like that to scale right
  15. @mel12ab: How does the testing work for custom events created via google tags manager? It seems like you can only test for standard events.
  16. @nohopelouis3312: great stuff. subscribed !
  17. @millicentquoilin9044: Hi Ben, I noticed that I can no longer upload a story dimension for my Ad. The upload option is not longer there.  Do you have a video that covers this change?
  18. @FigTreeCommunications: How does the creative testing compare to having mutliple ads in an ad set?  Won't Meta put more money towards the ad that does better?
  19. @TenilleWilliamsTV: Hey Ben, thanks for all your valuable videos. I started setting up a testing campaign to use creative testing for the first time but it would not allow me to choose Purchase conversions as the metric due to advertising both in and out of the EU. Do you only use creative testing in certain countries, then move winning ads to broader locations?
  20. @AmarilisWernex: Bem interessante a ideia de focar mais nos dados pós-Andromeda pra ajustar os criativos. Já tentou usar públicos bem segmentados pra testar várias versões do mesmo criativo? Tenho testado isso com bons resultados, mas sempre fico em dúvida se devo priorizar CTR ou CPA nos primeiros dias de teste. Alguma dica?

- The EXACT System to Scale Facebook Ads Profitably (2026): Kind: captions Language: en Meta ads has never been more expensive. The cost of advertising is skyrocketing. CPMs are on the rise. Cost per clicks are higher than ever. And worst of all, brands are overspending on existing customers that they've already acquired and failing to scale new customers profitably. This puts [music] brands in a neverending cycle where they never grow. So today we're going to go over the full funnel in both Facebook ads and Shopify so that you could drive cheap quality traffic that actually lands on your website and converts. And if you stick around long enough, I'm going to show you something that me and my business partner developed that you could download for yourself. So let's start things off with a battle tested structure that I have developed over 11 years of running Facebook ads. Right off the top here in my ad account, we're noticing three clear swim lanes. You might have seen many videos of me in the past where I talk about a scale campaign. But today, all we're focusing on is the three most important swim lanes, which are prospecting, retargeting, and retention. And each of these campaigns has a very unique purpose. The prospecting campaign is very much focused on acquiring new customers who have never heard about us before. The retargeting campaign is all focused on engaging customers who have been to our website, engaged with us on Instagram or Facebook, or even added to cart, but didn't purchase. We want to get these people over the hump to actually get them to convert as quick as possible. And then finally, retention. This is our cash cow. Retention is how we make as much money as possible by getting our existing customers to come back over and over and over again. Now, let's go through some key campaign settings. In all cases, we are always selecting campaign budget. We always want to have our budget set at the CBO level where we're adjusting and changing the budget at the campaign level. For the most part, we're setting our campaign bid strategy at highest volume or value. And then when we go into more settings, we are not setting up a budget schedule in our audience segment reporting. This is so so so important. We want our engaged customers to very much consist of anyone who's added to cart and anyone who's been to our website over the last 180 days. You can narrow these down. That could be 90 days. That could be 30 days. Depends how big your business is, but over the last 180 days is totally fine. And then existing customers, anyone who's purchased over all time along with your purchase list from the website, which would be 180 days. And then we're going to take a look at our ad sets. And what you're going to notice is I'm up to pack 82 in this account. I've launched 88 different ad sets, a few interests, and a few different broad packs. Here's the structure that I would like to follow nine out of 10 times. Every time we have new creatives, we launch those as a new broad ad set. We date that ad set and we date that creative. Now, I don't care if you have two creatives, five creatives, nine creatives, put them in a single ad set. We want that to be grouped by date. Now, if you have 30 new creatives you just got, don't throw them all in the same adset. Generally speaking, we need to make sure that the creatives are grouped by category or at least by theme. Think of these as concepts. But don't get caught up. If you have two concepts, you don't know what to do with them. Throw them in the same adset. These are just for organization purposes above everything else. And what winds up happening over time is you start to grow your packs. So just like we have in this example right here where we're up to 82 active packs in this account right here, we are constantly stacking and adding new rounds of creative new concepts into this very account over and over and over again. And I know you might be concerned about what happens if my new ads aren't getting any spend. I'll show you the trick. Whenever we launch a new ad set, first off, our location for conversion is always just website. Our performance goal could be maximize number of conversions or maximize value of conversions. Our data set needs to be set up correctly. And our conversion event every single time, no exceptions, is the purchase event. If you want Facebook to get purchases, tell it what you want. Don't go add to cart. Don't do anything else but the purchase event. We're not setting value rules in this case. There are some use cases where you can, but we're not doing it here. Our attribution model is going to be standard. And as you can see here, it's 7-day click, one day view. And in many cases, we're actually upgrading this to 7-day click, one day view, and one day engaged. And as promised in our budget section, here's the way to make sure your new ads get adequate levels of spend so that they're tested. So, what we do is go to our ad set spending limits. We click set a minimum or maximum spend limit for this adset. We use dollar value. We set the average daily minimum equal to 1x our CPA average. So, if on average I get a $50 cost per acquisition, we're dropping in simply put $50 right here. After seven days, no matter what, we are unselecting the ad set spending limit because in most cases at that point, it has enough data to know if it's going to be a winning ad or a losing ad. And then moving to our audience section because this is focused on new customers. We're going to keep it broad, but we're going to enter down here where we click exclude these custom audiences. And once we select this, we're going to be excluding all of our site visitors, all of our purchasers. basically anyone who is targeted specifically in other audiences throughout the account. What this does for us is it creates clear swim lanes, clear division within the ad account, that allows us to know where we're actually spending our cash. And always, just a pro tip, if you're actually going to target and include audiences or change minimum ages or inclusions in terms of languages or locations, then always click further limit the reach of your ads. Once you do this, yes, you'll get a bunch of warnings that you shouldn't do this, but really all it's going to do is allow you to actually target the interest, the audiences, the location, the ages that you actually want to target. So, the big question here is what goes into these adsets? Here's a perfectly executed example from this exact client. This is a new adset. We just launched this, so there's really no data to support, but this is how I would generally approach. We have the same ad with a bunch of different angles. You can see here, angle 10, 11, 12, 7, 8, 9. We have a ladder of angles based on a best performing previous ad winner that we've created more variations of. Throw this into the same ad set. Let it rip. The best angle is going to get the majority of spend. And Facebook is so good that just based on the reach here, despite there not being a single purchase, this is only spent a few dollars. 533 reach is probably going to be the ad that actually wins, which is pretty wild. Now, after we set up our prospecting campaign, we need to focus on our retargeting campaign. Our retargeting campaign is really easy to set up. We're using our top ads or even all of our ads. Any ad that's working in prospecting is very likely to work in retargeting. If you want to develop custom ads for retargeting, you can. Although I do not say it is at all a requirement. In this case, we're setting up three primary audiences. First, we're setting up our Instagram and Facebook engagers. We're then setting up our website visitors 30 days and our add to cart 90 days. And by the way, if you want to see the exact ad set settings that I use across every single campaign type, every single ad setting in the entire Facebook platform, along with weekly Q&As's and joining over 200 other brands that have questions all the time that I even answer myself, then click the link down below or go to school.com/fas to join the fastest growing e-commerce community in the entire world. Now, looking back at our adsets here, our Facebook and Instagram engagers are only a 14-day ads set. That's because if you click or like something, we do that so often. We need that to be tight. Website visitors are 30 days and ad to carts are 90 days. This ladders down by relevance. And then finally, our retention campaign. You're just literally targeting all your customers all time and anyone who's purchased over the last 180 days with your best performing ads. And if you don't know your best performing ads yet, throw the kitchen sink in here because Facebook's going to do a fantastic job of giving these customers a variety of ads. I'm completely comfortable having 50 plus ads in this single adset in this one campaign because I want Facebook to have the ability to provide a variety of creative to my existing customers. Now, the key part about a setup like this is making sure that we spend the most amount of money, that we reach the most people that are new to the business. And you can just see by looking very clearly at my main prospecting campaign right here. You can see in just terms of total reach, we have reached 6.8 million people compared to our retention and our retargeting. And our spend shows the same $195,000 in total spend over the last 30 days. 167 to prospecting. That's the ratio that's going to drive this business forward. But what happens when we reach 6.8 million people? A whole lot of them are going to go to our website. In fact, for this business, 118,000 links were clicked and people went to our website. Now, once we've set up our ads, and whether we're spending just for the first time today or we're already spending hundreds of thousands of dollars every single day, it is so important that your website experience is a 10 out of 10. You are spending so much money to drive that click to the website. I'm not going to go through the obvious stuff, right? You know, your website needs to be fast. You know, you have to offer multiple checkout options. you know the basics of conversion rate optimization and you should be AB testing pretty consistently. What I want to bring up today for those that have stuck around for this long in this video is a hack that came across my desk very recently and I was stunned by the conversion rate increases that we've seen by using this one single trick. Now, if you know me and you've watched my videos for long enough, I have basically avoided the word hack, trick, or any sort of secret sauce for the longest time. But this is something that I cannot deny. I'm pretty confident that this is going to have a positive impact on nearly everyone who does this. In fact, this hack was so good that I actually took it upon myself along with my business partner to create an app that actually does it for us. Let me show you what I'm talking about. So, on this product page of a store that's using this app right now, what I can click is this virtual tryon button because one of the biggest issues we have is actually knowing if any sort of product is going to fit us. So, if we click this virtual try on button, we can then upload any photo of us and see ourselves in that dress. So, let's have some fun with this. If I type in Oprah here, and I take any image of Oprah that looks similar to the image of the product page, we're going to go ahead and download this image right here, and I could drop it in to the virtual try-on. Once I do so and click try on this item, what it's going to create in about 10 seconds is the exact dress that we see right on this product page on Oprah. And literally just like that down to the detail. There's not a single discrepancy between the dress we have on Oprah and the dress we have on the actual product page. Now, who really cares if we could try on these dresses, right? It doesn't really mean too much unless there's numbers to support it. Now, this is where my mind was completely blown. In this business right here, they had 9,000 total tryons. They had,00 customers who tried on 9,000 items. That means the average customer tries on nine different items. That's the customer journey happening in real time. And the craziest part, of these 1,000 customers who tried, 554 purchased. That's a 46.83 conversion rate for anyone who used the Trion application. in terms of revenue that drove $40,955 in directly attributed revenue. People who tried on a specific item and purchased that item in terms of ROI because there is a cost to actually running these tryons that drove a 4,000 ROI. Now, here's an example of a much smaller business. We had a total tryon of 312. 42 of these customers tried something on. So again, around nine tryons per customer. And then of these 42, nine people made a purchase. That's a 21% conversion rate on Trion. Same thing attributed to $10,000 in direct revenue. Our ROI again a whopping 4,936. Now, I'm not saying or guaranteeing any sort of ridiculous conversion rate improvement, but this is one of those tools you could try completely for free. We've priced it as cheap as possible. There are costs in doing any sort of application like this. It's all custom code, but you can go get it down below in the description. Again, 100% free to try and if it works for your business, which it does for basically everyone that's tried it so far, then you can upgrade to a plan that's pretty cheap. Anyway, I hope you got a ton of value out of this video. And if you want to see my full tutorial on the new way that I'm running ads in 2026, including the full creative flywheel, then click this video right here. That's all for today. I'll see you in the next one.

  Top Comments:
  1. @SamPiliero [2 likes]: 👉 Work with me and my team: go.themoonlighters.com/apply-l140
👉 Join my coaching program: go.themoonlighters.com/skool-l140
  2. @mdsabidhasan107 [2 likes]: Thanks Sharukh Vaiya for recommendation
  3. @chaseclingman [2 likes]: I just implemented this strategy. Previously, I was doing very similar prospect campaign, but an ABO, test for 7 days, and graduate to the evergreen campaign. 

So far Sam's strategy has been performing better. Keeping them in a CBO always running and turning minimum spend off after testing stage has made it a more consistent, competitive enviroment for new ads. Thanks Sam next I'll apply your google strategies and see how that performs.
  4. @John77wwww [1 likes]: So the separate scaling campaign is no more? Just scale up the prospecting?
  5. @kaissafrade4088: Do you always recommend adding different angles together in 1 ad set, instead of each batch having similar angles instead? We’d still be testing different angles, but organizing them differently within the Ad Sets. Does it make a difference?
  6. @remcovv: Hey Sam! Do you create the Retention and Retargeting CBO's right away when starting with a fresh account or wait until the Prospecting CBO has at least $1000 spend a day for example so it has data and winning ads? Thanks!
  7. @tonytwotoned: Hey Sam, I just started using your prospect campaign method 3 weeks ago and have 30+ active ad sets in it atm. Each week I upload a new batches of around 20+ with 4 ads in each, but I would like to know if this is too much? I have noticed they don't get their DSL I set for each ad set but I make sure to bump the budget of the prospect campaign according to the number of batches I scheduled
  8. @dmeup: Do you put all your products into the same campaign? Or do you make seperate campaigns for each product?
  9. @manishgavali6644: Hi. In the prospecting ad set are we completely excluding recent purchase and website visitor to reach new audience ???
  10. @Neelamkaur: What kind of budget is ideal for a setup like this? (or the lowest ideal monthly budget 🤭)
  11. @AdA-rl4eo: What do you do if your business has products that target different customer concerns (eg. Anti ageing skincare, acne etc)? Confused how you structure that in your ad account structure.. no mention in video.
  12. @MariaSearchbox: Is this good for B2B?
  13. @chaseclingman: Your media buying strat is very simple and easy to scale. My brand has over 100 creatives made a way and this has allowed me to take full advantage of these creatives and scale them properly.

Would love to see you campaign structures for Google Ads in 2026
  14. @meuplanob9601: What if, instead of concept sets, we used just one set?
And what about flexible creatives, where each flexible set would represent a concept, thus centralizing the entire budget into a single set?
Would the champions be migrated to the champions set, and would we always maintain two sets, one flexible test set and another champions set?
  15. @meuplanob9601: Por que não usar anúncios flexíveis?

Vejo que você sempre usa anúncios individuais.
  16. @JacoPlayz: what happened to the scaling campaign? no more?
  17. @chinovantagemedia: Hi Sam! I am on the fence about joining the Skool Group. Is the system applicable to a service-based company (an Event Video Production company) like mine? I know your examples are mostly in the e-commerce niche.

Thank you for all the value you give to the community! You're the GOAT.
  18. @Nykaido: good stuff
  19. @kanisshka5509: retargeting is not working for me , i tried and it spent much but no 1x roas
  20. @hamaadshafiq57: In the Ad sets, you included an ad with multiple different 'angles'. By angles, do you mean hooks?? What is the difference between each angle?

- NEW Facebook Ads Retargeting Strategy for 2026: Kind: captions Language: en Facebook ads have changed so much over the past few years that we've had to create new best practices for just about everything new campaign types mean that we now have to use very different retargeting strategies than the ones we used to use now fortunately we spent more than $70 million on Facebook ads last year alone so we've had plenty of opportunity to test and work out what's working best right now in this video I'm going to show you my new Facebook ad retargeting strategies so in this video I'm going to cover two different retargeting strategies depending on which campaign type you using so the first one assumes that using a manual campaign with Advantage Plus audience I quickly walk you through the example of how we would therefore set things up from a retargeting standpoint if you are using that setup so I'm in an example Facebook ad account going to go ahead and click on Create and then select um sales from down here click continue and then instead of using Advantage Plus shopping like I said the first one I'm going to show you assumes you're using manual sales campaign so I'm going to go ahead click on manual sales campaigns and click continue I should quickly mention by the way that that screen I just showed you where you have to choose between um ASC advis shopping campaigns and manual campaigns that is all going to change over the next 6 months in terms of the strategies I'm recommending in this video you can absolutely both use both of them still even with the the new setup that's coming it's just that the interface is going to look a little bit different you won't have that option early on you'll instead be able to switch over to manual type setup um at the adset level so just wanted to clarify that in case you're watching this in six months time or a year's time and thinking hang on this looks different to to what I'm seeing here but you can still follow along and do what it is that that I'm about to to demonstrate Okay so we've gone and created the manual campaign I'm not going to worry about all the other settings I'm just going to go ahead and uh skip on over to the adset level and then scroll down um to the targeting sections obviously we've got this audience control section this Advantage Plus audience um now I've created videos talking about targeting and how these work and the differences between them and all that sort of thing but what I want to talk about here is specifically retargeting so in audience controls which are hard constraints you still want to go in and select um the areas in which you can deliver your product service you want to advertise to mattera here is defaulted to the United Kingdom you we could make that narrower if we're a local business and can only serve people locally we could add in other countries if we're an international business etc etc there are some more options where you can set a minimum age range um for example if you're only able to advertise your products services to people over the age of 21 for example in a certain country you can accept that um but you have fairly limited targeting controls here in the audience control section what you do have in terms of more options is this Advantage Plus audience section here but the targeting inputs that you put into this section are suggestions they're not hard constraints so if you say to meta look I only want to advertise in the UK they're not going to start putting ads in lots of different countries but if you add things down here as audience suggestions so let's say look I only want to advertise to people aged uh let's give an example I know to advertise people age 25 to 35 met is going to use that information to direct their advertising initially so they'll start with that age range but if meta believes based on all the data and and and the things that they see that they'll be able to get you good results by advertising to some people that are outside of that age range then they will because this is a suggestion it's not a hard constraint okay so I'm going to go ahead and put this back to just 18 plus now what we do in here because of that is we like to create effectively a hybrid adset that both retargets so targets your warm audiences and also targets your Cod audiences how do you do that you come in here and under this Advantage Plus audience section you add in your custom audiences in here so let's say for example you wanted to retarget your website visitors so if I go ahead and pop in uh website visitors we've got 180-day website visitors in there right now you want to make sure that you add in all your customer audiences so there's the 180-day website visitors but you also want to add in uh Facebook page engagers people who have engaged with your Instagram account video viewers if you're using instant forms lead forms people who engage with those uh your email list so both meta sources and non- metas sources add in all your custom audiences and then you want to leave the rest of this open so leave age gender detail targeting open now this looks like a warm audience adset but it's not it's a hybrid adset it's a mixture of warm audiences and cold audiences cuz remember the targeting inputs we're putting in here are suggestions So Meta is going to start with the people in our warm audiences but they're also going to go outside of that if there are other prospects that they believe can get great results so you're going to end up advertising to a mixture of warm and cold audiences and meta is going to sort of balance that and put ads in front of who they um think will get you the best results possible um doing that sort of setup so often we have a very simplified campaign setup for businesses that are using manual say sales campaigns the same could be applied to to manual leads campaign where you've got very simplified campaign structure and one ad set that has a combination of both warm and cold audiences so so there is a potential issue with this retargeting strategy and they're going to cover in a minute and show you how to solve it before I do just want to quickly let you know about our done for you Facebook and Instagram advertising services so my company can create manage and optimize your meta ad campaigns for you we can take all that workload off your hands almost certainly get you significantly better results by having us manage it because we spend tens of millions every year we've worked with thousands of clients and we do this all day every day um if that sounds interesting there is a link in the video description below you can click on that come through to a page on our website and book in a free obligation call with one of our team members to find out exactly how we're able to help you so if that sounds interesting go ahead and do that and hopefully we get a chance to work together so I mentioned a second ago that there's a potential issue with that strategy that I just showed you and that's that you can't customize your creative in your messaging your copy between warm and cold audiences if you've got a hybrid ad set like I demonstrated well the same ads are going to be put in front of both warm and cold audiences so you have to create both creative and AD copy that sort of make sense for both of them if you wanted to create customized ads for warm audiences only perhaps they get a special discount perhaps using different language because you know people have interacted um with you previously then you're going to need to mix up um the setup somewhat you're going to have to separate out those warm and cold audiances into different adsets so let me show you how we would go about um doing something like that okay so instead of having all the custom audiences in an Advantage Plus audience ad set we would instead want to create a warm audience adset that uses original audience options so you see this button down here that says switch to original audience options if I go ahead and click on that met is not going to want you to to do that cuz typically it doesn't produce as good results but there are specific use cases like what we've talked about here and then what we can do is we can go ahead and add in all our custom audiences like we did previously into this um custom audience section we can deselect Advantage custom audience because if you leave that selected you'll see that that will mean that met will put your ads in front of people that aren't in your custom audience so make sure you go ahead and deselect that and what this is now going to do is this this ad set is set up to only adverti to people within your customer audiences that also meet your other criteria like location age etc etc so you generally want to leave these um bits down here as open like you would with all retargeting adsets um but it does operate differently in that these are now hard constraints because we've switched to basically how meta used to operate with the original um audience setups so that would then be our warm audience that wouldn't be targeting cold audiences then if I go ahead and duplicate this ad set this is now our warm audience ad set so if I go ahead and cck uh click duplicate um into the original campaign is fine and then we need to create a separate adset for our cold audience adset I'm just going to quickly rename these so we can keep track and and it will make sense so if I just call this one Cod adset and then this one up here was the war adet okay so the way we would only target cold audiences and exclude warm audiences would be to come down we don't need to use original audiences here we can switch back this is an original audience cuz we duplicated from original audience but we can switch back here to using Advantage Plus audience which is typically what I would uh recommend and then in this audience control section we can click on show more options and we can exclude custom audiences so here we'd want to make sure that we are excluding our you know website visitors and all the other custom audiences that we are targeting in the warm audience adset right obviously make sure that you're not specifically targeting these people down this Advantage Plus audience section so take that out of there and then you can set up the Advantage Plus audience section with your suggestion so whatever you think your age range is if your product service people are mostly male or mostly female that are interested you can go ahead and select gender targeting and then you can add in detailed targeting with interest and things like that remember these are suggestions so adding stuff in here um is often a good idea and really doesn't hurt your your campaign and then this will operate as a cold audience adset that is excluding your warm audiences and remember this exclusion of the warm audien is happening up in audience controls which means they are hard constraints So Meta won't sort of go beyond those uh won't break the rule of not targeting those people because it's up in that audience control section and it allows you to to make sure that your War audiences aren't um seeing the ads from within this Adent and that would allow you to customize messaging to customize ad creative so you could have separate ads in the cold audience adset uh versus the warm audience adset and you could um yeah like I said have different messaging different creative for some businesses that's really important okay so that's the first Facebook ads retargeting strategy that I wanted to cover I'll cover the second in a second um but no matter which retargeting strategy you're using it is absolutely essential that the data coming into your Facebook ad account is really really accurate because you need that as an Advertiser to be able to optimize a campaigns to see what's going on meta also needs that data to really optimize your campaigns work out who to put your ads in front of how often all that sort of stuff the importance of that should not be underestimated and unfortunately because of all the Privacy regulations that have come in over the past few years the accuracy of the data we get from the metapixelatron is the best tracking and attribution software for Facebook and Instagram ads it's a software that all the big players including myself use I use it to track the results I generate from my own ad I also use it for all my organic content as well which is really useful so someone comes through and books a call for our done for you services for example I can see exactly where they came from with a lot of accuracy and that allows me to make decisions in my business which is really really helpful and let me quickly show you how important this is so I'm in my hos dashboard um I've isolated one of our meta ad campaigns and I created a report for it so we can see the data and you can take a look at this so this campaign spent just under £22,000 generated £15,000 in Revenue but here's the really important bit reported versus revenue and in this column we can see £12,000 now what that means is that out of the £15,000 that this campaign has actually generated hyos has been able to report on the full 15,000 £12,000 of which meta was not originally able to see so if we're just looking within our metad account not using hyos we would have seen that £3,000 of Revenue was generated from this campaign and that is not true at all that is a much much lower roas number than the actual £15,000 of Revenue that was gener generated for a number of years now meta's ad tracking capabilities have not been as accurate as they once were because all sorts of privacy regulations have come into effect and it's only heading that way it's only becoming more and more difficult to get accurate data and uh and track our results as we need to be able to do this is a relatively extreme case and the reason why is because meta has a 7day maximum attribution window and this is an ad campaign that's retargeting for one of our services that people usually take a lot longer than 7 days to make a decision on so someone clicks on an ad they often won't convert within 7 Days meta simply not able to see that data and that's where hyos comes in the important thing is that you need accurate data and hyos takes care of that so if you want to get better results from your Facebook ads without actually having to touch your ads go ahead and sign up to hyos there is a link in the video description so let's go through the second Facebook ads retargeting strategy that I want to uh to show you and discuss so I'm back in the example uh Facebook ad account to demonstrate this I'm going to go ahead and click on Create and select sales again like I said previous strategy I talked about can also work with uh with leads campaigns too but if I go ahead and click on sales and then this time I do go with an Advantage Plus um shopping campaign what is um soon to be renamed in most ad accounts as Advantage Plus sales campaign just so you're you're aware um effectively if we are retargeting with this campaign type asc's the retargeting is handled for us meta automatically works out how much to spend on cold audiences how much to spend on engaged audiences so people who have perhaps consumed your content seeing your ads visit your website things like that for having yet purchased and then also how much should be spent on um existing customers um meta does a really good job of this within ASC and we can see that the reason why I've gone down to this section here is this reporting section right so this is an example ad account I haven't defined the gauge audience and the existing uh customers but you can go ahead and create those custom audiences and say to matter this is my engaged audience people who have consumed content let's say interacted before but not purchased and then this is a customer list actually people who are who have bought from me previously and are are existing customers and it's in the reporting section um so it where the inputs you select here don't affect who your ads are put in front of but it does affect what you can see from a reporting standpoint you can see exactly how much is being spent on Cold versus engaged versus um existing customers and we can see that meta does a pretty good job and they're pretty consistent in terms of how much you spent depending on obviously the size of your engaged audiences um and your existing customers now again with this setup you do run into that same issue of you're not able to custom ize ads so creative and and copy between warm and cold audiences you're going to end up with the same ads or the same stuff being put in front of both warm and cold audiences so potential solutions to that either ditch asc's and go ahead and use manual campaigns and then set it up as I showed you previously with a previous retargeting campaign but we often won't do that honestly because a lot of the time we are going to see that with asc's that produces consistently the best results for our clients for a lot of businesses now particularly as this campaign typee is becoming more powerful more sophisticated With The Changes coming up um I think it's going to be even more so we are using this more and more for clients and therefore the alternative to changing it up customizing the creative between the warm and cold ores is just to not worry about it it's just to go actually let's just put our best ads in front of everyone not worry about this like real distinction that's becoming more and more of an old school way of doing things from a digital marketing standpoint anyway um over the last 5 10 years we've all realized the importance of um like brand building and not trying to segment out people go through this step and then they go through this step and and have it be so rigid and have it more be like I'm going to try and put really good stuff in front of as many people as possible um some of which are warm some of which are cold and I know that that's probably going to lead to the most conversions overall so the the ability to customize messaging and ads between warm audiences and cold audiences is much important for some businesses than others so for a lot of e-commerce businesses I would just not worry about it just go ahead sell your products like I said put your best foot forward you likely get the best results it's more important for other types of businesses um particularly say highend service providers who want to and need to warm people up need to put lots of different ads in front of people over an extended time period um to warm them up and get to the point where they want to work with them where they want to pay these high uh prices for say a high teet service for example could apply to products as well but it's normally the things that cost a lot more that are really involved purchases um and then the importance of doing something like that is is greater and you might want to have other campaign types running alongside either an ASC or say a manual sales campaign or a manual leads campaign in order to do a lot of that um warming up and therefore you have a natural distinction between potentially what some people might see who are in your warm audience that say being run exclusively through an awareness campaign or an engagement campaign to warm them up over time we do that with something called an omnipresent content um Campaign which can be really effective but that's then going to be separate from your other more direct offer campaigns that are trying to directly sell your products directly sell your services and if you are in that situation and you would like to know what an only presentes content campaign is how to set it up and all that stuff you can check out this video here I literally walk you through the entire process if you do offer a high-end service even a more expensive product basically if you're going at some point to be asking for more than $1,000 from your customers then go ahead and getting a normally present content campaign set up alongside the other stuff that we've discussed here in your other campaigns is a really good idea so go ahead and give this to watch

  Top Comments:
  1. @BenHeath [1 likes]: Get personal Meta Ads feedback from me (live) for less than $60 per session:
👉 https://www.skool.com/benheath/about
Let my agency run your Meta ads for you:
👉 https://heathmedia.co.uk/done-for-you/
  2. @LuuDinh-u2f: Really clever explanation and no unnecessary verbiage! Respect! + subscription
  3. @Randy-i1w2b: Really clever explanation and no unnecessary verbiage! Respect! + subscription
  4. @Drewe-i2b: Clear and understandable, I wish there was more information like this.
  5. @MerleHill-o5o: Crisp, smart way of explaining, necessary and sufficient information. That was helpful. Thank you.
  6. @Dan-w2k5w: Thank you for creating the video - likes Unequivocally !!!!
  7. @DarrellHyatt-g1z: Everything is clear. Brief and clear. No water. Thank you)
  8. @DellWitting-b6r: Thank you for explaining everything so clearly. Everything is very clear. Like for the explanation.
  9. @TerrellHills-u9x: Clear and understandable, I wish there was more information like this.
  10. @WarrenHintz: Clear and understandable, I wish there was more information like this.
  11. @HymanStroman: Clear and understandable, I wish there was more information like this.
  12. @DevanteDuBuque-t5x: Really clever explanation and no unnecessary verbiage! Respect! + subscription
  13. @KianTrantow: Appreciate the non-fluff straightforward approach. Was a great review for me. Thank you!
  14. @RaymondMills-d7o: Thank you for creating the video - likes Unequivocally !!!!
  15. @TrinaWatkins-q1t: Thank you for explaining everything so clearly. Everything is very clear. Like for the explanation.
  16. @HanonaldChewman: A good lecture that will benefit all who have followed this excellent explanation.
  17. @Brooklynas-w6c: You putting this up for free is actually clutch - praise to you
  18. @Stella-q1e7p: Everything is clear. Brief and clear. No water. Thank you)
  19. @Bellaq-k7r: Really clever explanation and no unnecessary verbiage! Respect! + subscription
  20. @GregorySaarela: You putting this up for free is actually clutch - praise to you

- The NEW Facebook Ads Retargeting Strategy (2026 Edition): Kind: captions Language: en All right. In this video, I'm going to share with you guys something I'm really, really excited about. Right now, I just launched a brand new retargeting ad strategy, and I want to share it with you, show you exactly how to set it up. Now, the intention behind these ads is to start to build more no like, and trust with new followers, new leads, uh, that I'm getting from my existing ads. My past strategy for retargeting was just to retarget people with direct response ads to get them to DM me or to get them to opt back into the funnel. But the problem that I'm experiencing, and I think a lot of other online coaches and consultants are too, is that the trust radar is just going off, right? Like there's so many people making big claims, big guarantees that it's hard to stand out if you're a really good coach and you have a really good offer. So, I'm going to share with you guys in this video what I'm experimenting with right now to cut through the noise and answer essentially overcome all the objections that somebody would have when it comes to working with me. And I'm going to do it in a way that is very very very cheap. I'm telling you, I'm going to the what I'm about to show you right now. I'm putting ads that are very basic ads, uh, like very very basic like Instagram reels, carousels, like organic posts in front of people who have opted into my stuff in the last 30 days. I'm putting enough spin behind this to where every single person who's opted in that Facebook can track is going to see two to four of my pieces of content every day. And all the content I'm putting in front of them is just smashing objections. All right, so I'm going to show you guys how to do this inside of Ads Manager. Before I do, I always want to give credit where credit is due. I got this strategy from Jeremy Haynes. And then I've changed it a little bit with how I set it up in the ads manager to make it a little bit simpler and actually increase the frequency of impressions, which means the number of times someone sees the ad from me. All right, so without further ado, check this out. All right, so I'm in my ad account and you can see it right here. Um, this is called the Hammer Them campaign. Okay, again, this is totally from Jeremy Haynes, the concept behind it. What we're doing here is anybody that's opted into anything the last 30 days, like I said, I'm forcing organic content in front of them. This is a very small audience and I spend about $1,000 a day on ads. So, I'm only using about 5% of my budget. It's very, very small. So, if you were spending, you know, $100 a day, you might do $5, $10 a day max to a campaign like this. But what this thing is set up to do is I have like a bunch of social proof in here. I just filmed another 11 reels that I will be adding to this that are all overcoming objections. So, for me, I I help a lot of coaches with launching Instagram ads. So, common objections or questions are, how long does it take to start seeing results? How much should I spend to start seeing results on Instagram ads? What's the worst case scenario if I spend money on Instagram ads? What if I keep attracting broke leads with Instagram ads? Hey, I've ran ads before in the past and they didn't work. So, I'm essentially creating very simple short form reels that overcome those objections and I'm going to put them all in this ad set and I'm going to put it in front of people who have opted in any of my stuff in the last 30 days and force them to see the content. Okay. Now, Jeremy Haynes, like I said, he came up with this strategy and he typically uses this when people book calls, right? Because when book people book calls, he's trying to improve the show rate and close rate. For my business, the current bottleneck we have is to continue to get high quality leads to book calls. So, because of that, I'm just moving this thing a little bit earlier on in the in the funnel process to where when someone opts in, they're going to see my stuff enough times to where they're going to want to book a call with us. So, I've just kind of manipulated it that way. And I've also adjusted the campaign setup. And I want to walk through that with you right here so you can see exactly how I did this. All right. So, let's just jump in and I'll show you guys how this thing works. Actually, you know what? Before I do this, just check this out. All right, so I launched these about a week ago. Okay, I launched these about a week ago, and you'll see inside of here that the average person, this a frequency means how often someone's seen an ad. The average person has seen 16.8 ads in the last week, and I've spent $380. And the pool of people is not that high. There's only 386 people who've recently opted in with this workflow. And I'll show you guys how to push more people through this. But you got to realize that um Facebook's algorithm can't always track everybody. Like we probably get about a,000 to,500 leads or so a month and Facebook's only being able to put this in front of about 400 of them. So I'm doing some stuff now inside of Go High Level, which I'll show you guys at the end to push more people into this uh campaign to make sure that we can increase that number because if I'm gonna retarget them, I want to make sure everybody's in there. You know what I mean? So, let's jump in. Uh, really excited about this. So, this this is an awareness campaign. All right. So, when you make a new ad, it's an awareness objective. And again, Jeremy Haynes, um, he has an engagement objective, but I wanted to try a awareness objective. And essentially, what that's going to happen here is it's going to have the lowest cost per impression. It's going to try to look and put in front of as many people every single day that's in this audience. So, instead of an engagement campaign where you can optimize for people to uh do a video view, like to essentially watch the full video or watch a certain percentage of it, which is a great strategy. Uh it just required a little bit more setup and for me, I wanted more impressions than I did somebody to watch the video through. Okay, so how I have this set up, it's an awareness campaign. Okay, I have the CBO advantage campaign budget turned on. And again, this is about 5% of my daily spend. The reason I did this, you'll see in a second, is I then have 22 ad sets with one ad in them. Okay, so 22 different ads, and again, I filmed 11 more videos. So, I'm going to put another 11 in here. Uh, and probably keep adding to this. But all these are just going to overcome objections. So, there's going to be like 30 or 40 videos in here. And how I have this thing structured, I'll just jump into one of them, is I have a frequency cap that you could apply here. uh at this objective at this level. So uh my goal is to get the maximum number of reach per ads and what that means is I want to get this in front of as many people as possible like new people as possible. All right, so that's how it's set. And then I have a frequency cap of one impression every 5 days. Okay, so if somebody you know has opted into something 30 days ago, they can see one of these ads upwards of six times. doesn't mean they will, but if they see it one day, essentially what that means, if they see it one day, they're not allowed to see that ad again for another five days. So, it keeps the creatives fresh. And if you keep putting more ads in this audience, it should uh continue to keep that like the times they see an ad a lot lower. Does that make sense? Does that make sense? You can't talk to me. You're on YouTube. You're watching. But you can see how this is just going to force people to see a lot of my ads multiple times instead of asking them to take an action. Because the goal here is I want people to decide to want to work with me on their own. I'm a very marketing driven business. I'm not a very sales u focused business as in like you know we don't do a lot of cold calling or calling our leads and stuff like that. We really do try to have a high close rate where when people come to us they're ready to work with us because they've consumed so much of our content already. So, I have that set up. My targeting for this is just going to be the the big four for me. Um, I don't throw in Australia just because our time zones don't work out as much, but I've got US, Ireland, Canada, and UK. Age range is the avatar that I work with. And then the audience is 30-day leads. So, I'll jump in a second and show you guys how to set that up. And then I did have manual placements for this. I just want these on Instagram. Yeah, that's just where most of my audience is. Now, inside of here, all I did was I used an existing post. So, I po I'm going to post all these things on Instagram. And then once you do that, you can just uh use existing posts instead of make a new ad. And you can just find that post. So, that's all you got to do. So, I did that. And this is a recent post that I made that's just continuing to educate people on how to make Instagram ads because again, that's my my core offer there, right? I don't have a button here. Like, I'm just trying to get people to consume this to get to know, like, and trust me more because of this. It is so cheap to get this thing in front of people. So, that's how I have it set up. And because I have the advantage uh campaign budget, it's going to distribute the spend across the ads in a way that makes a lot of sense for the campaign. So, like for most of these, you can see so far I uploaded this a week ago. The frequency again is how often someone sees your ad. Most people have only seen my ads once so far. The more ads that I add in here, the less that will be. But I'm okay if this frequency that they see per ad gets to four, five, or even six within that 30-day window because I want people to get to know, like, and trust me when they first opt in to a free training or my miniourse. And then over time, they're going to watch all my stuff and be like, "Man, this guy's like, this guy's everywhere, right?" And you can see how how cheap this is to do it, right? I'm not it doesn't cost a lot of money to get in front of these people. I'm excited to see what happens with this and I'll give you guys a report as I do. But that's how I have this thing set up. Now, let's jump into the audiences real quick to show you guys how to set up that audience because you could also do the same exact thing for like people who messaged you in the last 30 days as well. So, I'll go ahead and open this bad boy up. So, how I have this set up, I do have a pixel. This is just retargeting people that have opted into a freebie on my website. Again, my free training or my miniourse. Those are the two. So, anybody that's visited a specific page that contains my thank you page where my video is, anybody that the pixel has uh like captured as a lead, right? Anybody that has completed registration, that's my optimization event for the miniourse. I like it better because it keeps them separate when I optimize for events. Anybody who's visited a specific web page master class, thank you. So, another thing that I do is once a month I'll do a live master class. I optimize for lead for that one. and then anybody who has visited this specific page which is my miniourse thank you page. Right? So all of those are 30 days. Let's make another one. If you want just wanted to do just like Instagram remarketing or retargeting. Let's just do one from scratch so you guys could see it cuz I know a lot of you guys just use Instagram. But you could come over here to Instagram account and then you could say anybody that has like visited my account in the last 30 days or you could do anybody that has sent you a message. Anybody who's messaged in the last 30 days. So this could be IG, you know, DMs 30 days, right? And then I would just create audience. That could be my audience that I put these ads in front of. Again, for me, I'm not doing that. I want just people who are are leads opted into something in my website. So it's a little bit higher quality of a person cuz we message everybody in the DMs. And also, we get, you know, the spam accounts to message us, too. I don't want my ads being pushed in front of them, right? So that's why I have this set up over here. Let me show you one more secret. Okay, if you guys are using GoHigh Level, check this out. So I have this pixel set up again for when the pixel fires and it puts people in this uh audience. But another thing that I did is you can push data back especially from go high level. I love go high level but you can push data back from people that have opted into things in the past. So this is conversions API. If you're not using this you should use this if you are running conversion ads because it'll dramatically improve the quality of leads that you get. So, like inside of here, anytime someone submits an application, they become a lead for a miniourse, they could become a lead for a webinar VSSSL, any of this, it'll then have this this automation where I can't open this up because it'll show you all my pixel stuff, but when they fill out this form, I will then push it back to Facebook and say, "Hey, this is a lead." I'll add them to my email list on a retargeting list, and then I'll also add them to this 30-day leads list. All right? Then I have a wait condition where 30 days goes by, then I remove them from the 30-day leads list. Okay, but you see how powerful this is. So, I did all this, but then, you know, I also wanted because I just launched this on Tuesday. I was like, well, I want to push people through who've opted in the last month. So, I had about 600 optins that I could find in in my uh contacts list. And I just made the same automation to where there's no trigger because I'm going to manually push them through. And I'll I'll show you to do that in a second. But then I said add to leads, right? Add to this this uh audience that I made in Facebook, wait 30 days, and then remove them. So I'm forcing Facebook to add people to this retargeting list so that they can see these ads. Now, as you guys saw, there's about 400 people who are seeing the ads, not the full 600 here, and people who have been on the page. So just know that about a third or a fourth probably of your audience size will see those ads. At least that's what I'm noticing on my end. It kind of stinks. I wish more people saw it, but it could also could be because I set up the targeting to only be a certain age range and uh geographical location. Okay, let me finish this thing out. So, to actually push people through to this retargeting audience, you can do this in your contacts list. All right, so when I go into my contacts list, what I can do is I can filter and then when I go into filter, I can find a a workflow that's finished and then I can pick any of my lead magnet stuff. All right. So, I've got coach VSSL VSSL 2.0. So, that's one of my current follow-up sequences, right? So, if they finished this VSSL sequence and I can say created less than let's do 45 days cuz some of those will be a little bigger. They finished this workflow and the the contact has been created within 45 days. Boom. Now, I've got 195 people just from that one lead magnet that I can then push through that workflow. And to do this, we just select all and then I go to add to automation and then I push proceed. So now I can go back to the API workflow for retargeting manual push. I just called manual push and I can add them that automation. So automatically all these older leads that I already had can be pushed back through API so that um they can be added to that audience. Also another pro tip, I'm I'm really deep into conversion API and like training your pixel right now. If you want to reactively go back and push all qualified calls, if let's say you weren't using conversion API and stuff, you want to push all those qualified calls you've ever had and train your pixel, you can create a workflow that will then push an API conversion event schedule in your ads account from past leads. So, if you're trying to like train your pixel to only find qualified people, you can retroactively go in and and push to Facebook, say, "Hey, here's a bunch of people who scheduled for me." because it helps Facebook understand who are people who are likely to convert and it'll put those ads in front of those people. So, totally different uh sidebar tangent there, but I wanted to share this with you because again, the whole goal, what I'm trying to do with these campaigns is to just get my content, be in front of these people as much as humanly possible outside of just uh making them make the action. Hey, DM me, DM me. I mean, people will do that. Or, hey, go opt in again. People will do that. But again, we're in this time where people have more guard up. They have less trust. So, if I can make something really simple that provides value, overcomes objections, has no link to click, all they can do is consume. And I'm I'm really excited about this. So, I'll let you guys know the updates on this as I do this more. If this does work well, I'm going to roll it out to all my clients. And highly suggest you guys trying it as well. All right. So, if you guys want more help with launching Instagram ads, Facebook ads in your health and fitness coach, go ahead and click the link below. There'll be a miniourse that's linked below that goes through everything from start to finish of how we set up and launch campaigns. So, you don't have to worry about wasting money and you can start signing 5 to 10 clients a month. And that's all I got for today. So, if you like this, smash that subscribe button and I'll talk to you guys soon.

  Top Comments:
  1. @minhhieudang-v4c: Really clever explanation and no unnecessary verbiage! Respect! + subscription
  2. @GiangAnh-s8l: You putting this up for free is actually clutch - praise to you
  3. @JohnHalvorsen-q9d: Really clever explanation and no unnecessary verbiage! Respect! + subscription
  4. @DarleneLene-h7t1l: Really clever explanation and no unnecessary verbiage! Respect! + subscription
  5. @Cody-y4p1t: Clear and understandable, I wish there was more information like this.
  6. @Jorgewe-n4h: Clear and understandable, I wish there was more information like this.
  7. @Kim-i6e3d: You putting this up for free is actually clutch - praise to you
  8. @ElzyBalford: Everything is clear. Brief and clear. No water. Thank you)
  9. @Mathew-y8y: You putting this up for free is actually clutch - praise to you
  10. @Alvaro-b1w2w: Everything is clear. Brief and clear. No water. Thank you)
  11. @MaMa-y5q7f: Appreciate the non-fluff straightforward approach. Was a great review for me. Thank you!
  12. @nickdoherty1580: Great Video Dr. Matt!
  13. @christybrophy: Appreciate the non-fluff straightforward approach. Was a great review for me. Thank you!
  14. @Leo-k8w6c: Crisp, smart way of explaining, necessary and sufficient information. That was helpful. Thank you.
  15. @Erline-h3n: You putting this up for free is actually clutch - praise to you
  16. @VincentCardenas-t7t: Thank you for explaining everything so clearly. Everything is very clear. Like for the explanation.
  17. @Dan-w2k5w: Everything is clear. Brief and clear. No water. Thank you)
  18. @JohnniePurdy: Crisp, smart way of explaining, necessary and sufficient information. That was helpful. Thank you.
  19. @Tiffany-uw2bp: Clear and understandable, I wish there was more information like this.
  20. @MichaelMcConnell-b4i: Clear and understandable, I wish there was more information like this.

- Facebook Ads Retargeting Has Completely Changed: Kind: captions Language: en Facebook ads, retargeting has completely changed. In this video, I'm going to break down what's changed, why old-school retargeting techniques no longer work, and what you should do now instead. Let's get into it. So, to demonstrate one of the major changes when it comes to Facebook and Instagram ads retargeting, I want to show you an example campaign and show you a very interesting piece of data. So, this is a campaign we've run for a client. I'm at the ad set level, and this campaign, this ad set, is set up to be a cold audience targeting campaign in the traditional sense. If I just go ahead and click edit on this, and scroll down to the audience section, you can see that it is basically open, designed to target cold audiences. We're targeting the whole of the US, open age range, open gender, no custom audiences, so no warm audiences added, and one interest targeting option added as a suggestion, right? So, very much a cold audience uh campaign setup in in the traditional sense. But, if we go ahead and take a look at the data, and we go into breakdown, and then use audience segments, something I'd strongly recommend you you check out and take a look at. What this does is it breaks down where the results and spend have been allocated between engaged audience, existing customers, and new audience. So, engaged audience are going to be warm audiences that have interacted with a business before, but haven't actually purchased, they're not a registered customer. So, it could be that they visited the website without purchasing, they're on an email list, um they've consumed content on Facebook or Instagram, they follow you, lots of different ways for someone to be in a warm audience. Existing customers are people who have actually bought from you previously, and then new audience are the people left over that don't fit into either category. Now, even though this campaign, like I just showed you, is set up to be a cold audience targeting campaign, look at the split in spend, right? So, this campaign has spent $80,000 just under, um 47,000, 48,000 of which have been spent on genuinely new audience. So, what's that coming in at? 40% almost being spent on a combination of engaged and existing customers. And because it's less expensive to generate, in this case, purchases from engaged audiences and existing customers, the proportion of website purchases that come from those audience are disproportionately high. You can see that the cost per purchase is significantly lower um from engaged audience and existing customers than it is from new audience. That shouldn't be a surprise to anyone. We know that new uh that warm audiences um convert better. So, out of the 942 purchase generated, more than half have come from engaged audience and existing customers. The traditional way of doing things is where you would have a cold audience campaign, which is clearly what this is set up to be, and then a separate warm audience campaign. Kind of looks a little bit silly when you look at this data and think, "Meta is very much going to retarget. They're going to find my warm audiences and put my ads in front of both existing customers and engaged audiences anyway, whether I set the campaign to do it or not. So, what's the point in having a separate warm audience campaign or warm audience ad set?" And I'd encourage you to check this in your ad account to see your split between um the three audiences. Obviously, it's going to vary depending on the size of your existing customer audience and your engaged audience. If you're just getting started, well, not much money is going to be spent um on those. If you come through here, by the way, and you just see all unknown, and you just don't have any data, that's probably because you haven't set up your audience segments. Definitely something you want to do. Let me quickly show you how to do that. So, I'm just going to jump into a different ad account that doesn't have it set up. Then you want to come over here to advertising settings, and you'll see right up here with the shortcuts, we've got um engaged audience and existing customers e- either of the which are defined, which is what we want to do. So, if I click on this, and this is where we need to select the custom audiences that correspond to our engaged audience. So, this would be something like um website visitors, right? So, I could go with all website visitors 180. You could also look to add in here people who have engaged with your Facebook page, your Instagram account, lead form, watch videos of yours, could be people on an email list, people who have interacted with an app of yours, lots of different types of customer audiences. I've got other videos talking through um custom audiences and retargeting and how to create all of those, something you definitely still want to do. So, I'm just going to add that in to to demonstrate the the process here. And then we've got existing customers, um so this would be normally a customer list. Could be something that you've imported externally, could be data that you're getting from like Shopify, could be people who have triggered the purchase conversion event, different ways to go about doing that. So, if I go ahead and click confirm, we've now got both of these defined, and if you do that, then when you check back um at your data once you've run your ad campaigns, you'll be able to see that breakdown uh like we just described in the uh audience segments, and you'll be able to see the split in spend between engaged, existing, and new audiences. Now, because Meta is going to retarget anyway, you might be thinking, "Well, there are a number of things that I don't need to bother with, like creating custom audiences." And that's wrong, that's bad advice. Um yes, Meta is going to have more visibility over who has taken certain actions that would classify someone as a warm audience, um and they will retarget automatically, but it is still absolutely worth you setting up your custom audiences. Firstly, so that you can define, you create those custom audiences to then be able to define who engaged audiences are, existing customers, like we just did. That's important. Secondly, there may still be instances where you want to directly retarget or have a retargeting focused campaign. I'll talk more about that um and those instances in a minute. Thirdly, there are customer audiences that your that Meta does not have visibility over. So, when you create your custom audiences, depending on the custom audience type, you can only create those so many days into the past. So, if it's someone who has engaged with a lead form, for example, you can only do that within the last 90 days. Um with Facebook page engages, it's going to be 365. With website visitors, it's going to be 180. So, Meta doesn't have visibility over the audiences from people who have taken actions longer ago than those time frames, but you can upload external data, external lists, for example, that include those people. So, that's really important because that's going to help Meta better understand who it is that has bought from you before, is likely to buy again, engaged with your stuff, and help them improve performance. Particularly important for newer ad accounts where you can provide your custom audiences, provide direction to Meta to be like, "We know you don't know who our customers are yet, here's some indication to help you go on your way and and improve performance, okay?" The other thing that you might think is no longer necessary is setting up the Meta pixel. I've heard that come up a number of times recently, and that is absolutely false. Meta still needs that to have visibility over the actions that you will take on your website, and the fact that they reached your website in the first place. Very, very important. Even if you're not specifically retargeting your website visitors in an ad set, it doesn't mean that you don't want to get the pixel set up with all the conversion events and and tracking and and everything like that. Absolutely still very much important to do both those actions. Hyros is the best tracking and attribution software for Meta ads. It's the software all the big players in this industry use, including myself. I use it to track results for my own ads, as well as all my organic results as well. So, if someone books a call for our done-for-you services, for example, I can see exactly where that person came from with a lot of accuracy. That allows me to make better decisions for my marketing and my business. Hyros has been able to track that from our ad spend in this campaign, we've generated 96,000 pounds, but 58,000 pounds of that was not reported by Meta. So, if I was just looking at my data within my Meta ad account, I might come to the conclusion that this campaign is doing okay, but in reality, this campaign is doing a lot, lot better. Now, this is a relatively extreme example because of the nature of our business. So, most of our products, services have a recurring billing element. Meta might be able to see what we make initially from our ad spend or that initial transaction, but not those subsequent payments, and that's why it it shows the importance here of being able to accurately see what did we actually get from our ad spend in order to be able to make better decisions and optimize correctly. So, if you want to improve the performance of your ad campaigns without having to touch your ads, go ahead and sign up to Hyros. There is a link in the video description. So, nowadays, we rarely run separate retargeting campaigns or separate uh retargeting ad sets even. What we'll often run is a hybrid. We will understand that you're not really setting up any ad set as a cold audience ad set or warm audience ad set. Meta is going to do its thing anyway. I mean, I showed you an example that was set up as a traditional cold audience ad set, and Meta went ahead and did a bunch of retargeting within that, but the inverse is also true. If you set up an ad set or a campaign to be retargeting focused, so target my warm audiences, Meta is going to put your ads in front of cold audiences as well. So, often you could run uh a campaign that you think is set up to be retargeting, and a campaign that you think is set up to be cold audience, and the split between how much of the budget is spent between warm and cold audiences is the same across both of them. Basically, they're in effect the same campaign, even if the targeting looks quite different. And that's because the custom audience section is within the suggestion audience part of targeting. Basically, Meta can choose to target your warm audience or choose to ignore it. If I show you what I'm talking about, I'm here in the ad set level, right? In audience, we've got controls, so those are hard boundaries, hard constraints, Meta won't go outside that targeting. It's basically just location and a few other things, but then we've got within the suggestion audience, we've got um show settings, we've got include these custom audiences, and this is where we could look to add in our warm audiences. So, because it's within this suggestion audience section, it gives Meta full flexibility, and like I said, we run many campaigns, many examples where we've got what we think is a warm audience campaign, what we think is a cold audience campaign or ad sets, you can talk about those interchangeably in this instance, um and they just end up targeting the same people, and that obviously causes issues and is not ideal. So, we often, like I said, we'll run a hybrid. We know that our one ad set is going to target both cold and warm, and then we create the rest of the campaign with that in mind. So, we're not going to often produce ad creative that only speaks to warm audiences. Um we want it to apply to both warm and cold. We were also going to take advantage of the fact that hybrid [snorts] ad sets, a mixture of cold and warm audiences, allow for very dynamic budget reallocation, which is great. What do I mean by that? Let's say you start advertising and you have really small warm audiences. Well, over time, those warm audiences are going to grow. More people who have engaged with you, you're probably going to build a larger customer base, and that means that over time the proportion of your budget that is spent retargeting those warm audiences, those existing customers, is going to increase, which is going to help improve your overall results. If you have that in separate ad sets or separate campaigns, you have to manage that manually, that becomes more complicated, less likely to get it right. If it's all within the one ad set, Meta can just do that dynamically as things change over time, you can have budget reallocation to try and get you the best performance. So, separate retargeting campaigns often feel quite pointless at this stage, not just because it's not actually a retargeting campaign or not exclusively a retargeting campaign, Meta's going to target cold audiences within that as well, but also it can create some issues, right? So, why have two ad sets or two campaigns targeting the same people with the same offer when you can have one? Much better to consolidate that data as opposed to having fragmented data. We know that one campaign generating 50 conversions a week is likely to optimize better than two campaigns generating 25 conversions each a week because the extra conversion volume is beneficial. You can also end up with issues with auction overlap. If Meta's targeting the same people with separate campaigns, even if you thought one was retargeting and one was for cold audiences, well, how does Meta plan ad delivery when it comes to impression frequency? So, within one ad set, Meta might be thinking, "Right, we will put an ad in front of this individual four times over the next 48 hours. We think that's most likely to convert." Well, how does that work if that person is also being targeted in another campaign or another ad set? Things get confused, that's effectively what auction overlap is, and and yeah, not ideal. Now, if you do need to create a separate retargeting campaign that is just retargeting, your ads are only being put in front of warm audiences or existing customers, perhaps because you've got a special offer that only they can see, it would cause you issues if true cold audiences saw it, or you really want to customize your messaging and your ad creative. Let's say people have bought something and you really want to ascend them to another thing, and it no one's going to go ahead and buy that high-ticket thing if they haven't bought the the smaller thing in the first place, so you really just want to retarget the people that are in that middle step between buying the small thing and potentially buying the big thing. And you can do that in most ad accounts, not all. It depends whether or not you've got this feature. So, I'm back in the example campaign at the ad set level at the audience section, and it depends whether or not you've got this option here, further limit the reach of your ads, which sounds tremendously like not something you would want to do, but but it will help you do it for this specific instance. If you click on that and then you go ahead and click switch setup, Meta's going to come up with all sorts of warnings to try and convince you not to do this, by the way. Then what we've got now is we can use these targeting options as hard constraints as opposed to a suggestion, which will actually allow you to just target the people within your warm audiences. So, if I go here, for example, into custom audiences, click on this, and let's say we just wanted to advertise to our existing customers, so we've got example customer list, and you could do this with other warm audiences, add that in there, and then you also, very important, want to make sure that you don't have use as suggestion ticked. If you do, then it's just going to function as the previous setup, it's not going to work in terms of only targeting your warm audiences, but if you have that unselected, use as suggestion, add in your warm audiences here, and then Meta is going to put ads in front of these people and these people only. Targeting is never 100% accurate, there will be some people outside of your warm audiences that see your ads, but that is what this is now designed to do. Not everyone has this, not everyone has the the further limit the reach of your ads option, which basically puts you back into an older style of of targeting when it comes to Meta ads, but that is an option. It wouldn't be my recommended default to use this. I think it's much better in most instances to just go with the hybrid ad set, a mixture of warm and cold audiences for the advantages that I've talked about, the data consolidation and um and not running into auction overlap issues, but there are specific scenarios where you need to do this, and this is how you do it. And speaking of things that have completely changed since the Andromeda update, we've completely changed how we test new Facebook ads. I know this is an issue that a lot of Meta advertisers are struggling with, so I lay it all out in this video. You can still test ad creative post-Andromeda, it is really important that you do, but you have to use a new tool, and you have to do it the right way. I've written it all down right here.

  Top Comments:
  1. @RebekahLouis-i5s [3 likes]: When I go to choose my engaged audience, it doesn't allow me an option to select Instagram audiences. I can only really add website audiences...
  2. @BenHeath [1 likes]: Get personal Meta Ads feedback from me (live) for less than $60 per session:
👉 https://www.skool.com/benheath/about
Let my agency run your Meta ads for you:
👉 https://heathmedia.co.uk/done-for-you/
  3. @PatriciaieEtljudmila [1 likes]: Clear and understandable, I wish there was more information like this.
  4. @AbnormalMarketing [1 likes]: Around 3:50 you were saying that you can add people that have engaged with you FB or IG page to the audience segments for Engaged Audiene but I can't seem to find that option.  Mostly see just website, lists, etc
  5. @chacewins [1 likes]: would website visitors as a custom audience include people that have purchased too?
  6. @digitaltamer: The reason I see to still run a separate retargeting is if you want the creative to be different, i.e. discount to ATC visitors
  7. @NiaJenkins-d4m: Really clever explanation and no unnecessary verbiage! Respect! + subscription
  8. @BradfordStahl-x6i: Really clever explanation and no unnecessary verbiage! Respect! + subscription
  9. @shopadonisking: great video!
  10. @jnpilot: Do exclusion audiences not work anymore? I usually exclude my warm audience from my cold audience to prevent overlap.
  11. @muratbudun8486: I would like a Turkish audio track, please.
  12. @RafaelBelor: is meta not able to avoid auction overlap? and with auto campaign budget, it should be more or less the same as having all in one campaign isn't it?
  13. @trackingconsulting: Great video. But honestly, most brands I audit don’t have a retargeting problem; they have a tracking problem. Missing events, low match quality, and data loss are killing performance before retargeting even starts.
  14. @Mrmotucc: Simply exclude audience who have already engaged from youe warm and your cold and warm will work separately, no more than 1..2% overalp.
  15. @ReefanAbayas: Ben, how are you? I hope you are good. Man can you speak about the WhatsApp Pixel
  16. @pierluigibarbaro1376: It is wrong: when you hard re-target custom audiences, Meta spends most of the budget on new customers…. Completely useless
  17. @Mia_archerron: Another great, substantial video, Ben! So basically, go with one campaign, one ad set, and put diversified creatives inside for both cold and warm audiences, right? (This sounds good, especially for micro-budget ad campaigns)
  18. @aeel_yf2498: If i run first ads for e-commerce and lead gen so should i set target and interest audience into a broad or narrow down audi in the initial stage ?
  19. @Zita-Marissa: Hi Ben, I really appreciate all your helpful tips. I do have a quick question—I've enabled the “Further limit the reach of your ads” option, but Meta is still allocating about 90% of my budget to a new audience rather than my engaged audience.

I was under the impression that this setting would restrict delivery to only my selected custom audiences. Am I misunderstanding how this works?
  20. @alaminpro22: always done that

- The ONLY Facebook Ads Retargeting Strategy You Need in 2026: Kind: captions Language: en So, everybody going to be like, why the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] should I even trust Ray? Right here in front of you, as I refresh this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] just just look at that real quick. That's in one [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] day. That's 31,000 in a day. Let's not waste any time. Let's jump straight into this cold ass video. Today, I'm going to be educating you guys on how to do a retargeting campaign on Meta the right [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] way, cuz guess what? I get a lot of DMs where people are like, "Boo, I can't retarget. I don't know how to do it. I suck at it. What do I do?" So, today's video, I'm going to be teaching you exactly how to do a step-by-step. Now, by the way, I did end up doing the PC giveaway, and someone did end up winning. I shouted them out on my Instagram. My next giveaway might be a MacBook. So, I'm going to think about it. Comment down what I should give away next. As you guys know, life's been very good. God's been good. We're in the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] sky right now. Ended up getting a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] penthouse. [music] So, there's that. I'm going to be making some vlogs on that. So, make sure you guys like, comment, sub, >> [music] >> and hold your nuts. Make sure you take notes, and let's make some [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] money together. All right, cool. So, as y'all can see, I'm in one of my ad accounts right now. It's for my homie Casper. If you guys know who who Casper is, you know who he is. Runs a clothing brand called Lone Star Project. And just overall in this ad account, I spent 10.4K to make him 57K in just off two campaigns. I just launched a retargeting campaign. In this video, I'm going to educate you on exactly how to do this the right way. As you can see, if I jump into the actual retargeting campaign, I only had about two ads running. One didn't do too well. I launched a flyer, and this is just retargeting everyone, bringing the sales in. We're slowly going to be launching more since it's on such a low budget. Overall, 220 to make 1,054. 4.78X return, which is fairly well for a low budget retargeting. So, let's jump into how to actually set up retargeting. All right, cool. What you want to end up doing is click the three lines right here on Meta, and click on audiences. Let it load. I already have one made right here, but we're going to redo it. So, all you want to do is click create audience. Go on to custom audience right here. Your source is website. Fairly simple, straight to the point. Now, it'll show your pixel and then events all website visitors. Now, what we want to change for retargeting here is we're going to target everyone that added to cart. Now, it's your choice in terms of, you know, how many days you want to pick. Usually, I like to do 180 to, I don't know, 90. Your choice. So, we'll do 90 and then include more. So, we're going to include add to carts. We're going to include again. Scroll down. Initiate checkout. Another 90 days right here. Include more people. I have to do add payment info and then wait time 90 and then exclude. Now, what you want to exclude is people that purchased. Now, last, let's do, now, 120 days just to be safe. And we'll do full name this 90-day RT. Right here. And then it's create audience. Pretty simple, straight to the point. Once you have your audience made, what you want to end up doing is click create right here. Go on sales, continue. You can name it RT 90. Whatever you want to name it. It's your choice when it comes to naming. Uh turn off Advantage Plus Catalog. I've been doing a lot of CBOs lately, like campaign budgets. So, I mean, honestly, that's been working fairly fine for me. Click next. Now, this is where you edit it. I'll just say RT. Cool. Make sure you have your pixel set up. Scroll down. Now, see the suggested audience? You go on show setting. Or no, was it this? Hold on, chat. Uh show controls. Exclude. Okay, include these custom audiences. Right here on suggested audience, you go on include these custom audiences. Click search. And you click your 90-day RT right there. Pretty simple, straight to the point. Go next. And in this set, one. And then I usually recommend doing around $20 to dollars a day. Run your EPs, run some retargeting campaigns when it comes to live. I mean, retargeting ads when it comes to even offers, you could even dump in manual offer ads or even be like last chance 50% off ends in blah blah blah. Don't miss out. It's going to retarget all those people that were actually interested in your product rather than just [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] retargeting. So, I mean, a lot of people usually not are running that. You just go use existing post right here. Select post, go on Instagram. Go on to feed right here. Click continue and then you publish. Simple, straight to the point. Now, I hope you guys enjoyed this quick little tutorial I had when it came to doing retargeting campaigns. Like I said, [music] some free game for you guys. Do low budget on retargeting. Start off low budget and then if you want to scale it, you can scale it. [music] Campaigns just meant to be running in the background to bring those extra sales in. It's usually very profitable as long as you have a good amount of data. [music] If you don't have data on that account, build up that data then start running it. Now, if you guys did enjoy this video, make sure you guys like, comment, and sub and comment down what you're currently struggling with. Maybe, you know, your personal [music] life, mindset, some ad game, website game, whatever it is, comment down so I know what I could help [music] you with and cater the videos towards you rather than just making something hella advanced and you're sitting here so [music] confused being like, "What the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] does this mean?" So, make sure you go comment and raise out.

  Top Comments:
  1. @jasonchristian4477 [2 likes]: Macbook brotha rlly need that shi
  2. @DorivalAfonsoCardoso: good ! but.. more slower please
  3. @OverlyDeo: 🔥🔥
  4. @wheresishh: Appreciate the game
  5. @ahmedgthedarkk1: Ad Game, Product & Market research & How to actually make systems for my agency 🚀🔥
  6. @ahmedgthedarkk1: Fire ❤
  7. @FADEDBYZAID: 🔥🔥

- TikTok Ads Retargeting Tutorial (Full 2026 Guide): Kind: captions Language: en If you are doing any sort of marketing on Tik Tok, whether it's ads or just posting videos on Tik Tok and not utilizing Tik Tok remarketing, you could be losing out on a ton of traffic, a ton of engagement, and of course, a ton of sales. So, in today's video, I want to walk you through the entire process, and we're going to break it down into three simple steps for you today. The first thing that we're going to be talking about is the the first step, which is to install the Tik Tok pixel onto your website, how to link your Tik Tok account to your Tik Tok ads account. A very critical step if you're wanting to remarket to people who are engaging with your content. And then we're going to move on to step number two and talk about how to build out audiences inside of Tik Tok so that you can remarket those audiences. As you can see here, there are eight different audience types that you can actually build. Some are worth your time and some are not. So, I want to save you some time and talk about the most common remarketing audiences that you can build. The ones that are most effective, the ones that I've seen be the most effective. And then last, of course, we're going to actually talk about how to build out a Tik Tok ads campaign and which Tik Tok ad objective you should be choosing for whatever you're trying to accomplish. So, if that all sounds good, be sure to stay tuned and let's jump right into step number one. Now, the first thing that you will need to do before installing the Tik Tok pixel is make sure that you have a Tik Tok ads account. If you don't already have a Tik Tok ads account, it takes 2 minutes to sign up for one. Check out the link down below, click that link, and then just follow go through the process. After about 2 minutes and setting things up, adding in your your info, you'll be taken to a view that looks something like this. This is the Tik Tok ads manager. And inside of the Tik Tok ads manager is where you have access to your Tik Tok pixel. The pixel is a little piece of code that we placed on our website in order to uh track people who have come to our website and have not purchased or people who are hitting the website and bouncing. So, we're going to come here to our tools and then we're going to come over here to events manager. And if you already have the Tik Tok pixel installed, this is a easy way for you to check if you already have it installed or if you need to install it. If you already have it installed, I'll have timestamps down below that you can skip around if you want to. But I don't recommend skipping around too much because there are little settings inside of here that could if you forget or miss or skip over that it could basically allow you not to do the remarketing and you'll kind of be frustrating wondering why it's not working. But once you get inside of here, as you can see inside of this account, there is a data set overview over here that shows data flowing. If you don't see something like this, I know this is blurred out here, but if you don't see something that shows events flowing, then that means that your pixel is not currently installed and you need to create one and install it on your website. If you already see data here, that means your your Tik Tok pixel is already installed and congratulations. you can move on to building your audiences after you've made sure that your Tik Tok account is linked to your uh Tik Tok ads account. Um now, if you don't already have the pixel set up, what you want to do here is click on connect data sources. From here, most people are going to go with the web data source because you're wanting to put it onto your website. You're going to click on here and then you're going to hit next. It's then going to ask you to plug in your website. So, we're going to plug in our website real quick and I'll show you what it does here. Now, after you plug in your website, it's going to ask you a a method on how to install the Tik Tok pixel. If you're using common website builders like Shopify or Woo Commerce or WordPress or things, there are easy integrations that you can use to install the pixel or you can always manually install it. Basically, you just copy that and put it on your web the header of your website. I'm not going to cover that in this video because there are lots of different website builders. But if you want specific tutorials on Shopify or um uh on WordPress or Squarespace, there are links down below that you can check out here. But basically, just click one of these and follow the directions there and make sure that your your pixel is installed. After your pixel is installed, then make sure that you come back in here to the ads uh the event manager and come in here and then make sure data is flowing into this right here. You can even click on this little pixel right here and it will take you into that view. So that is the step number one is to install the Tik Tok pixel. Now step number 1.2 or two if you will is to also make sure that your Tik Tok account is linked to your Tik Tok ads account. Now, if you don't plan on remarketing to people who have viewed your videos on Tik Tok, then this doesn't really matter, but I've just a general best practice to have this linked up to your ad account either way. So, I do recommend you doing it no matter what. And in order to do that, you're going to come back over here to your Tik Tok ads account, and you're going to hover over here to this these three little lines. And there are two different ways that you can do it. And I'll tell you the way that I recommend doing it. Um, but there's there's a fast way and there's a way that I recommend doing it. The fast way is to come over here and click on this little your little name right here and click on these three little lines. and you come over to user settings. Inside of user settings, you'll see that there is this little thing right here that shows the Tik Tok account. And right here, you can hit edit access or link the account. You see, mine is already linked right here. Um, but this is where you can click on that and link this up. This will allow you, like I said, to remarket to anybody who's watched your videos, engaged with your videos, anything like that. Now, this is the fast way to do it, but this isn't the way that I recommend doing it, especially if you're a big business. The way that I recommend doing it if you are a bis big business is to come over here back over to the dashboard and click hover over the three little lines and come over here to business center. And I know this is like a couple more button clicks but trust me it's going to make your account a lot more scalable. I have lots access to lots of different accounts business center accounts here. So it's going to show a lot more here. But uh select the one that you're wanting to um uh add your account to one of the business centers. So we're going to click on here on one of these business centers. And once you are inside of business center you want to come over here to accounts. Let's come over here to Tik Tok accounts and then from here you want to add account and then here is where you can link an existing account or you can create a new one if you want to but this is where you can link this account and then follow these steps here. You just scan this it will link to your Tik Tok profile and then it is all um added there. Now once it is linked, it is not over yet. What you want to do is you actually want to find the account here. You can see I have access to a couple different accounts but you want to make sure that you click on this little action right here. You want to view the access and then you want to add members here. and then you can assign yourself to this specific Tik Tok account. Now, the reason why this is really helpful is if you have multiple people that you want to give access to your Tik Tok account, this is a way to scale it up. So, if it's just you, you can go with the first method, but if there are multiple people, you want to make sure that you add um them inside of here. So, just something to uh keep in mind. So, now from here, we have our Tik Tok pixel and we have our Tik Tok account linked. It's now time to go and actually build out the audiences inside of here. Now, it's important to note that you won't be able to build all of these audiences unless you've done these two steps right here. So, it's very important to make sure that that your Tik Tok pixel is installed and your account is linked to your Tik Tok ads account. Now, in order to start creating uh audiences, what you want to do is you want to come over here to the tools. And then now we want to move over to this tab right here, audience manager. So, we're going to click inside of here on the audience manager. All right. And once you get into this view, you'll see something that looks like this. Most people probably won't have any of these boxes here. These are audiences that have already been created. Um, but if you have audiences in here, you'll see it will have the name, it will have the type, it will have the total match. So how big the audience is, the availability and then um some other information here. You can see some of the things are blurred out. Uh but what we want to do in order to create an audience is you want to come over here to create audience and we are looking for a custom audience. Once you drop this down, you will see that there are eight different options for you to create these audiences. Now when it comes to creating these, most of them are very pretty much the same process. So I'm going to be going through some of the more popular ones or the ones that are more common. And probably the the most common one that people are going to be using is this one right here for website traffic. So this is remarketing to anybody who has come to your website and done a specific action. So we're going to come over here to website traffic. So I would encourage you to have this little drop down ready here so you can look at all the different things. But if you wanted to target somebody based on who has just uh gone through and looked at a specific page view, you could do that. You could do URL contains anybody who has hit, let's just say I had a website that had backslash. So, I could hit anybody whose URL contains uh products and then I could add that role. So, then if anybody has gone through and looked at my products, I would target them. An easier way though, especially if your pixel is all set up, is you can target them based off of these specific actions, you can have this little dropown uh view here, and you can do any one of these. So, somebody who's viewed content, a page view or uh purchase, for example. Most common for most people, the most common audience that you're going to want to set up here is a page view over the last 30 days for anybody who's gone to your website, basically. And then you can leave all of these pretty much on optional. If you wanted to do more details, you could specify specific URLs. And then what you want to do is come over here and I want to create an audience of anybody who's come to my website but has not purchased. So we want to exclude anybody who has purchased on the website over the last 30 days as well. And then we can come down. We can name this audience right here. And then I like to be really descriptive with the audience name so I know exactly when I'm looking at these what these may be. And you can see I I will name this one web visitors non-purchase 30 days. So, it's anybody who has hit my website, but I'm excluding anybody who has purchased. So, it's only the people that have not purchased from my company that are still familiar with me that I want to run ads to. And I will go through and hit confirm and save that audience. Now, if you wanted to create other audiences here, you can come back over here into the custom and you could look at the website traffic again. And you can create multiple ones inside of here. Now, a couple of settings here that you can add uh that I just want to talk about real quick. Auto refresh, I recommend always keeping that on. It's just going to keep the audience fresh and up to date. Audience enhancement. Tik Tok says recommended here, but I actually don't recommend checking this on. What this is going to do is it's going to increase total match audience size by adding more users identified by our machine learning. So, it's basically going to say, hey, you're going to tell Tik Tok, here's my remarketing audience, and Tik Tok is going to ignore that and then add more people to it regardless. So, I do recommend keeping that off. And then also, you can add a frequency and reach here, but I recommend keeping that off as well when you're creating these audiences. Now, website traffic is probably what most people watching this is going to be building and what I recommend the most. Now, another really common one is going to be engagement. So, this is targeting people who uh a list of people who saw, clicked, or engaged with your content. And what you can do is you can either target based off of ad groups from your ads or videos specifically. You can do public videos or live videos. And then you need to select a Tik Tok account here. So, we're going to select one real quick. We'll just grab my account here. And then from here, you can select each individual video that you want to remarket to people with. So, you can select up to 50 videos here. And then you can select a specific action on what you want to remarket. So, I can react to anybody who's watched any of these videos for 2 seconds, 6 seconds, viewed the video all the way through, or had some sort of engagement, like a like, a click, um, a comment, something like that. And then, so for this one, we're going to do last 2 seconds here. And then we'll do last 7 days. For this one, you can do up to 30 days. And then you can do exclusions as well if you wanted to. I don't really recommend it for this one. And then from here, you can go and give that audience a name as well. So, for majority of people, engagement, website traffic, or business account will probably be the ones that you will target. This is where you can hit anybody who's actually visited your profile. Here, I do want to explain some of these in case you are curious. For a customer file, you can actually upload a customer list here to remarket to or to actually create a lookike audience. All you do is upload the file here. You can learn more about the formatting that they need and you can upload those. But you can see most of these other ones, the format is pretty much the same. You just go through and uh talk about what you what you want to retarget and then hit confirm here. So, I'm not going to walk through how to set up each individual one of these audiences, but depending on what you're wanting to do, you may want to retarget one of these. Now you will notice as you are creating these audiences when you first create them the availability will say unavailable. You need to give it at least 12. My in my experience is around 12 hours before these audiences are available and you have this little green thing here and it has the total match. It drives me crazy that Tik Tok doesn't say hey audience is populating or something like other platforms like Facebook or Google. Um so just if you see this unavailable the availability unavailable just give it a little bit of time and come back in here to see if you can use these audiences because these ones that say unavailable will not show up in your Tik Tok ads manager when you're going to create your audiences. So, I encourage you to spend some time in here. Just create all the different audiences that you are looking for. And if you're wondering like which other audiences should I create, I do have this little sheet you can check out down below in the description. Just uh go through and click this and it will have a bunch of different audience names and the audience type and then the uh the definitions or rules you can go through and build. So, really common ones that I would recommend going through and building if you just want a little bit of inspiration on which audiences you can use. Now, after those audiences are populated, it's time to move on to step three, and that actually is actually to build out your Tik Tok ads campaign. In order to do that, we're going to come back over here. If you're in this view right here, you can hover over this and then go to the ads manager. And once you are back in the ads manager, you're going to want to click on campaigns here, and then it will have some sort of button that says create campaigns or something along those lines. So, then this is going to take you to a view that has all the advertising objectives. Now, a lot of these are kind of self-explanatory, but I'm going to walk through them really quickly. And then if you want a more in-depth tutorial on like what these objectives do, you can check out the link down below in the description. I have a full tutorial on this. Um, but for most people, if you're wanting to get more sales, if you're in e-commerce, you're going to want to choose the sales objective. If you want to get more leads for your business, you're going to choose the lead objective. If you want to get more app installs, choose the app objective. If you want to get more followers on your profile, like say that you uh have you want to remarket to people who watched your videos for 2 seconds or 6 seconds but didn't follow, you can choose the uh community interactions. Or if you just want traffic, then you can choose this traffic one. All the setups for these is going to be very similar, honestly. So, you can choose whatever one. And this will kind of walk you through the process on how to find that audience. For this one, we're just going to choose the traffic objective. We're going to hit okay here. And then we want to make sure that we have the manual set up here, not the smart campaign or the search campaign. The manual is going to give us the best chances uh at success to set up the audiences here. Then you can give this a name. I like to call this something like remarketing or retargeting here. So, we're going to call this remarketing. And then we can hit continue. Leave all of these buttons or all these things off right here. Hit continue. And then we're going to choose where to send the traffic to. For this one, we're going to send them to the website. And then we want the auto placements or you can select specific placements. For me, I like to make sure that I'm only showing up on TikTok, so we're going to exclude that. And then we can scroll down here, and this is where you can actually add your audience. So, when you click on this, you'll have a little drop down here where you have quick select, custom, or lookike. And inside of this custom, this is where you will see the videos, the audiences that you've created. Now, for whatever reason you don't see your audience inside of here, be sure to give this a refresh. If you still don't see them after the refresh, then give it a little bit of time. Like I said, it takes 12 to 24 hours for those audiences to start populating. So, you need to give it a little bit more time before those audiences are in there um uh for you to start seeing them. So, we have this audience inside here. Google or Tik Tok is going to tell me this audience is too narrow. Don't let that worry you. You you need to have at least a thousand people to run an audience to this. Um so, the obviously the larger the audience, the better, but you can see this one's fairly narrow and it still is uh it still can work. Now, with this, we don't want to do any other interest or targeting behavior because we want to make sure that we're only targeting the people who have watched our video for two seconds because we want to remarket to them. From there, you can scroll down. You can give this a budget. Now, one thing to note that the minimum budget that you can do for this is $20 a day. So, we're going to give this a $20 a day budget. And then we can scroll down here. Uh you can have a specific start time on this or a day partying. For most people, you're just want to leave these uh options as they are. And then you can hit continue here and actually go on to creating the ad. All right. Now, from here, you can add videos or images for your Tik Tok remarketing ad. If you click here, there are a couple different options. You can either upload a specific video or you can grab from your Tik Tok post here. So, if you click here, it will have all of your Tik Tok posts. So, you see it will have a view of all your different Tik Tok posts that you can grab one of those and run as a remarketing audience. If you wanted to upload a image and you don't know how to get some Tik Tok ads created, I would would recommend like a tool like creatify that allows that you where you could use AI to quickly create UGC content just like this. As you can see here, that looks super realistic. I'll have a link to that to that down below if you want to check that out and a full tutorial on how to do that. Uh, it's a easy way to get content created. But for this example, we're just going to grab one of these posts right here and then hit confirm. And then you can see it will show you a preview of what this ad will look like. You can go through and add music sharing if you wanted to. And then here you can add specific call to actions. And you can even put the product name here and a product image if you wanted to. Then finally, the last thing is to make sure that you send them to the destination that you want them to go to. And then you can scroll down here and hit publish publish on the bottom here on this screen. And now your ad is ready to go. Now, I know we just went through a lot there, especially in the campaign settings. And there are some different things that you can do to optimize these ads even more. If you want to learn more about Tik Tok ads and how to actually build out these campaigns in more in depth, I have a full free tutorial that you can check out right here, uh, that will go more in depth into some of these settings. Uh, so be sure to check that out if you're interested and we'll see you in the next

  Top Comments:
  1. @AsuquoEzekiel-k7s: This came right on time.
  2. @MAKEBRAND112: I wonder if you can target other pages on TT, I want make ads to my competitors users on TT, if that possible?
  3. @MAKEBRAND112: First comment, thank you so much for video, I love all your new videos.:rocket-red-countdown-liftoff::medal-yellow-first-red::medal-yellow-first-red::medal-yellow-first-red::medal-yellow-first-red:


Sweden/ ODY

- The Best Facebook Ad Creative Strategy for 2026: Kind: captions Language: en In this video, I'll be breaking down the single best creative ad strategy for 2026 [music] so that you can make killer high-erforming ad creatives in Facebook ads. This is the exact creative strategy that we're deploying over our 100 plus brands at the Moonlighters and the same exact creative strategy that I've shared within my school community [music] to nearly 300 brands right now. And this will 100% work no matter what category in. Whether you're in fashion, beauty, wellness, you name it. The old school way of creating ads would be a very simple workflow. You would think of an ad idea or your media buyer would say, "Hey, we need new ads. Maybe here's what's working." Then you would go and create new ads that look similar to the ones you've created before. Or if you had a new concept, something you thought might work well, you would go ahead and create it. Then you'd come into the Facebook ads manager. You'd upload it all as a single image or video. and you'd sit here writing painfully your primary text, your headlines, your descriptions. So, what we want to do instead is creating a system that increases the likelihood of finding winning ads. You can go ahead and pump out a,000 ads in an hour. You can go ahead and make a bunch of fake UGC or hire a bunch of creators or make a bunch of videos for yourself, but in reality, your win rate is going to be very low. The ads we're going to focus on today are going to have very high win rates. So instead of duplicating your best performing ads, we're going to be way more focused on a combination of new concepts, iterations, and variations, which are all very different things in the newest Andromeda updates and gem algorithmic changes to meta. So let's talk through the new way of doing this. So to start our system, what we're going to be building is a creative flywheel. This is going to be a predictable system that pumps out winning ads. So of course, at the top of every single creative machine or creative flywheel are new ads. And to source those new ads, they're going to come from two different places. And we're going to start from the single most important place. And that of course is going to be your competitors. Now, there's a free way to do this and there's a paid way to do this. I'm going to use the paid way. You could use the free way. I'm going to show you both really simply. First, the free way. We go into Facebook ads library. We click all ads and you go ahead and search one by one each of the competitors that are most relevant to your business. So, in this example, I'm just going to pretend that I'm the brand Vori. They're a sportsware kind of athleisure brand. One of their main competitors is Lululemon. So, what I would do if I was Viori is I would type in Lululemon. We're then going to select their page and we're able to see every single ad that Lululemon is currently running. And as you can see right here, they have hundreds of active ads in their account right now. So, I'm trying to think and clock what of these can I use as inspiration. What you really want to do is look at what ads have either been live the longest or spent the most. So, obvious things you could look out for are anything that says low impression count. You could very well and easily know that that is not a high performing ad. Or you could scroll all the way down to the bottom, which might take a minute depending on what brand you're looking at and look for ads that have been spending for the longest period of time. Now, what I like to do is use a program called Magic Brief. This is a paid platform. We're not sponsored by them, but it's the easiest way to show you everything. And we can see Lululemon right here is running 2382 active ads. We can see a quick overview of all the ads that they're running. And I could scroll through everything really easy. And I could download all of this imagery if I want to. Now, you might notice this looked a little bit different than Facebook ads library. And that's because they're running ads from different pages. So on the ad library, you might have to search through a variety of different pages from Lululemon and you might have to change the active status to all available ads because some of their ads might be paused after certain periods of time. And I want to give you a pro tip here. If you're a small brand and you're in the athletic leisure space, do not compare yourself to Lululemon. Don't compare yourself to Nike. Think about brands that are a step or two above you. If you're doing a million dollars in revenue, think of a brand that's doing 10 million. find and strike that balance between brands that are not too big. I'm never going to take inspiration from Nike, but not too small where they're not driving any sales, of course. So, once we find the brand and the creative that we are interested in, what we're looking for are the ads that have run the longest. We're looking for ads that have been most active for this brand. And I'm looking for real concepts here. Now, let's use this ad concept by Lululemon, which has run for 469 days. is they launched this in October of 2024. I am able to now take this ad, this carousel that they've developed here and use this as inspiration. We can recreate this very easily if I was Viori. So now in this example here, I'm just adding inspiration from competitive ads. You should be taking their videos, their statics, their gifts, their carousels, and build a true collection of concepts that you can identify. Each of these three are completely different concepts. You should be able to note and expand that each of these can be heavily expanded on. You should extrapolate out dozens of different iterations of this. You can make this exact ad if I was VRE versus Lululemon for every single product if I know it's a winning concept. But keep in mind, this is just scratching the surface. You can do this for every single one of your competitors. Identify trends and find common threads of creative that generally work in your category. Then take those threads, take those concepts and build them for yourself. Once you've created the concepts from your competitors, you've built them for yourselves. You've then launched your own new ads. What do you do next? This part is going to sound a little too easy. You wait. But it's not just about waiting. You have to make sure things are set up properly with those new ads to be able to have that luxury to actually wait and be patient. Now, we like to launch all of our new ads inside of a prospecting CBO campaign. The idea here is pretty simple. We want competition within our own ad account. And that works in a very simple way. Every time we have new creatives, they get launched into a new ad set. It could be anywhere from two creatives, one creative, 10 creatives, 15 creatives. Generally, four to eight creatives is the sweet spot. But don't over complicate it. Every time new ads get launched, they get launched into a new ad set. When those ads get launched into a new adset, over time, you're going to have a lot of new adets. And as you can see on my lefth hand side here, we're up to Broadpack 76. That means we have over 76 adsets that we've launched and tested for this brand. You're going to wonder, how on earth do any of these new ads get any sort of spend? Because the old ads are going to hog all the spend. I hear this all the time, even for brands that are just starting out. So, what we've done to basically counteract this is when we go into the adset, we go down to the budget and schedule section, and we click ads set spending limits. From here, we click set a minimum or maximum. We change the percent value to dollar value and we enter an average daily minimum equal to 1x the cost per acquisition target. If your cost per acquisition target is 50, you put this to 50. It is literally as simple as that. There's one point of tracking that you need to do on your side. Set a calendar invite. Set an alarm. I don't care what you have to do. Just make sure you get back to this in seven days. These never stay on for more than seven days at a time. Now, you might ask, why do we even do this? The problem is most ads just take too much time to get the adequate levels of spend and be tested. This keeps you in a non-stop waiting cycle where your ad account doesn't grow fast enough. Instead of waiting all of this time, this giant section here, and then eventually the ad scales or the ad dies because it's not good, we want to shortline this. And the way that we shortline this is we set that ad set budget minimum equal to 1x the cost per acquisition, which instead only forces the spend for a few days. And then if the ad's a winner, it scales quicker. If it's a loser, it stays at that set spend. Now, the beauty of this is you're going to look back within that 7-day window and decide, am I willing to spend more on this ad, or should we just remove the adset minimum? If you remove the minimum, the ad's going to spend less. If you keep the minimum, it will continue to spend at the same, which is most likely what you do not want to do. And in most cases, if it's above, it's a winning ad. If you remove the minimum, it's still going to spend above the threshold. So, it's a win-win scenario. Okay. So, we've developed new ads. We set ads set minimum budgets. We've waited. We've removed those adset minimum budgets. And now, it's time to take some more action. Now, this is where the flywheel really begins. It is in the analysis. So, what we want to do is go back into our ad account, make sure we're in our prospecting campaign. We're going to go to our column set, compare attribution settings, and select incremental attribution. Then, sort your entire ad account by highest spending to lowest spending. In most cases, I like to look at all my ads at once, but it's also important to break things down into different groupings depending on products, categories, whatever else is going on within your business. Know that there are nuances to everything I am talking about. Looking through all of our ads to keep this as fundamentally simple as possible. In this case, last 14 days, we spent $97,000 at a 1.42 return on ad spend. Our incremental return on ad spend is 1.23. What I am looking for here are highspending ads, outsized results on high-spending ads and above our threshold for return on ad spend. And we can see we have one very clear standout, followed by a few others that I'm very interested in. Now, the incremental return on ad spend for new customers that this brand cares about is around a 1.1 return on ad spend, which I know sounds crazy to many people, but that is just what this brand functions at. For these guys, we need to be above that 1.1. And we can see in this case we're well above at scale $26,000 in spend which represents over 25% of the total spend in this campaign at a 1.46 way above our threshold. We can also see there's a few that are just at the threshold 1.13 1.16. We're not going to touch those for now. And then we have a few more that are actually high spending, well above the threshold here, a 1.5, 1.38, and a 1.43. Our duty now is to take the best performing ads that have high spend and are above our threshold and recreate and iterate off of these ads. And this is where the flywheel makes its way full circle. The analysis that we just did is going to provide and yield clear concepts. These concepts are going to be winning ads. We then are taking these winning ads just like we did for our competitors and we are creating duplicates, variants, iterations of these winning ads. Eventually, what this does for us is it solidifies core concepts in our ad account. Now, you can see you literally just do the same thing over and over and over and over and over again. But don't forget, as you're creating these new concepts, as your ad account is growing, you need to make sure you're upping your spend along the way. It doesn't mean you have to increase your spend. It just means that you should not be afraid of things like the learning phase or increasing spend in general. The goal here is to grow accounts. This is not a system for maintaining your account. This is a system for growth. So when you run this flywheel for weeks and weeks and months and you're consistent, this is an example of the result that you will get. You will find winning concepts. Those concepts will be matched to audiences and each of these concepts is going to perform at a different rate. For example, let's say your target is 2x return on ad spend. Concept number one might return at that 2x and might spend 10k. Concept number two might return at a 3x but only be able to spend 3K. Concept number four might return at a ridiculous 10x but guess what? It could only spend 500 bucks. And then finally, concept number four might spend at a 2.2, but it does so at 50k spend. Old school Facebook would want you to only run the 10x, right? Just keep smashing the 10x. New school Facebook, Andromeda Facebook wants you to focus on all of these concepts. All of these add profit to your business. Now, you should care way more about your bank account, your actual profit. And that is exactly what we want to be doing in the sense of creating concepts and matching those concepts to audiences. And don't care as much about an ad that runs a 5x versus a 2x. As long as 2x is profitable, we want to run both. So, this flywheel usually starts to produce winning clear concepts. And you can see here, this is a concept from the brand Talentless that they can continue to build out. They can make variants around the same exact thing and they already have. We have another talentless example here. Now, they've been using this exact concept for literally a year. They take different products, different model shots, and they group it together with these semi in between shots, like these trio shots almost with just a very simple headline. We then have another concept that they've merged. So, they started with concept A and concept B and then they duped in. So they merged two concepts which are concept up here, concept number two and concept number one to create concept number three. We then have another concept by them and you can see they've created variants of this for all of their collections. You will stack concepts if you do this over and over and over again. And that right there is how you create a creative machine. One of the most important things when you're running Facebook ads is having that creative machine to fuel your account and scale. Now, if this has been helpful and you like this style of content and you want to access my entire system, tutorials, SOPs, literally the internal trainings that we use at the Moonlighters to service over a 100 brands as well as live Q&As, then click the link down in the description or go to school.com/fas where we have a massive community, the fastest growing Facebook ads community on school right now with literally nothing held back. That's all for today's video. I hope you got a ton of value out of this and I will see you in the next

  Top Comments:
  1. @isshanth_karthic [1 likes]: w value
  2. @shopadonisking [1 likes]: great video
  3. @LuxemShop [1 likes]: Hello i m watching you from Tunisia , i like you concept , thank you
  4. @Samu-pl1jh [1 likes]: I'm hearing that many performance marketeers are moving to a '1 campaign,1 ad set, +/- 20 creatives' campaign structure, what are your thoughts on that? Im seeing you're using it differently. Since the andromeda does the seperation between prospecting vs. retargeting still make sense?
  5. @viniciuspinho7862 [1 likes]: thanks
  6. @joaodantas1705 [1 likes]: good!
  7. @SamPiliero: 👉 Work with me and my team: go.themoonlighters.com/apply-l137
👉 Join my coaching program: go.themoonlighters.com/skool-l137
  8. @screenboiler: Does this technique work with local service based businesses? Like bathroom and kitchen remodelers?
  9. @screenboiler: Does this strategy work for local home service companies?
  10. @SeanMeyerhofer: Great video, one question: you mention cutting the minimum spend per day after 7 days, and mention it should be 1x your CPA target, however, you don't mention the equivalent ratio of spend at the campaign level. My question is how much should we set the CBO budget for relative to how much we'll be spending each day on minimum spend for those ads? Maybe a ratio number or smth would help, obv it must be more or equal to what you plan to spend in total per ad set....thanks in advance!
  11. @AmyNeville: So you create an adset with new creatives and when you know the winner do you just keep that adset or duplicate to another adset with winners already in it.. this is the part that confuses me. I have 4 completely different audiences we sell things to Seniors, Lone Workers, Personal Safety and Disabled people so we have ads for each of these areas dont want to put in same bucket but not sure best structure..
  12. @moritzasche3060: How to decide wich budget the campaign should have?
  13. @elitefitnesschios: Amazing content. Just a quick question is this applicable to lead form ads or we need different strategy? Also is your skool good fit for a service/ physical business like a gym?
  14. @crescitaly: The 1x CPA minimum spend trick on new ad sets is genuinely the highest-leverage change I made this year. Before, winning concepts would sit with $3 spend for days because old ads were hogging everything. Pushed minimum to $45 (our CPA) for 7 days, removed it after, and win-rate on tested concepts jumped from ~8% to 31%. Also the Andromeda insight on running 2x AND 10x ROAS concepts side by side instead of cutting the lower one — total profit went up $9,200 in 3 weeks because we stopped strangling the volume plays.
  15. @socioleadz: Great video, can you tell me if we should run 4-5 or more ads simultaneously for a completely new ad account and with a lower ad budget for ad spend (less than $1k) and how to figure out how many adsets and ads we should run in any certain ad spend?
  16. @davidpu3104: Dude i just watched this video and is pure gold, I mean, I do a similar strategy BUT doing what youre saying make my strategy better! WAY BETTER.
  17. @andrewnevermind4902: 1. Get chat gpt.
2. Use AI to improve your SEO.
3. Use AI to improve alt text on images.
4. Ask AI to help implement changes ready for Shopify integration.
5. Stop paying facebook for old rope.
  18. @ZeinabHassan79: please can you dub your videos with arabic egypt please I like your channel
  19. @ricottacheese245: thank you!!!
  20. @bruidbarrett: One of the best videos on the topic thank you

- 4 Best Facebook Ad Formats in 2026: Kind: captions Language: en All right, welcome back to the channel. My name is Austin Anglehart. I spent over $200 million on meta ads. If I didn't personally spend it, we make ad creatives for direct consumer brands so that they can spend on meta and scale their ads or maintain their scale. Today, I'm going to go through four ad styles that are absolutely crushing right now for all of our brands. If you need ad creatives, click the link below, makewinning ads.com. We'll make the ad creatives for you. If you're spending over $100,000 a month, we can definitely help you scale. So the first one is what we're specializing in very heavily right now is street interviews. We were focusing on this because this is really working very well across the board. You have teams in New York City and LA and it's just great because it captures attention once you're once the consumer is scrolling. It's very unscripted, right? Of course, the questions are scripted. You might have somebody in there that might, you know, give you a better reaction than the others, but it's basically instant social proof. It's real reactions. People want to see what the, you know, the person in the interview, the per the interviewee is going to say. Is it going to be crazy? Going to be a viral moment? Are they going to say something, you know, unhinged and a bit wild? It's also very short form of the answers and of course going to explain the product. So, one could be a taste test. Another one could be a crazy reaction. How much money do you spend in a month? You know, what do you spend on skincare? It could be a bunch of different questions that can, you know, lead into an amazing interview. And those interviews have to be catchy. So, you can't just ask somebody a question. it's boring and you know you move on. It has to be very catchy and engaging for someone to actually want to watch. The question leads these people into their answers. You need good answers and of course it starts with the question. So street interviews are crushing right now and it's just extremely catchy. People are eager to watch what people are going to say. What's the reaction? How does the thing taste? You know, what's a crazy, you know, outlandish answer that they're going to say? Highly suggest testing this style. If you don't want to make it yourself, we have a team that can do it for you. We have a team that can make all these for you. But I'm just explaining, you know, the top styles here that you should definitely test. Number two is the unboxing with voice over. Of course, everything shifted to UGC, but now it's like kind of coming back where an organic, you know, Tik Tok style format is performing very well. So, a simple unboxing with a voice over is working very well right now. No matter what the product is, if it's, you know, a mushroom coffee product, if it's, you know, a supplement, if it's, you know, a piece of clothing that works the best. I've seen pants uh pants products or you know clothing products work very well with unboxing, putting it on, quick cuts works very well with a simple voice over. It works even better if your voiceover has something engaging with it. Oh, I use I wear these pants on every date that I go on or this made me like the Tinder King or something like that to drive people to the comments. This works even better when you're driving comments and engagement. But it does work very well no matter what. like just if it's a simple unboxing, if it's clean, if it's not clean with a, you know, an iPhone with filmed an iPhone, it will still work. It it it, you know, kind of causes the curiosity. So, what what are the unboxing? What does this look like? How is the experience? Shows the product very clearly. It shows exactly what the consumer is going to get, whether it's middleunnel or top of funnel here. It could be bottom of funnel, but you know, if you have an offer on it, it probably will go more towards that. We're going more towards top of funnel. So, people that haven't seen the brand, you're going for, you know, one click, you know, one day click purchase. And, um, they're very easy to make, right? So you can you know shot o overhead shot of the product unbox hands you use metaglasses that works very well and then of course explaining the benefits very clearly to the audience. The third is the reply to comment. Everyone's familiar with this because of Tik Tok. You just see like they point whoops they point to the question you know oh does it really work in every state or you know does it work when I don't have service or does it work whatever the question is. This style works very well. It's very, you know, native to the feed. It's It just feels organic. It feels familiar to the consumer. They're going to stop. Even if no one's ever heard of your brand before. This isn't, excuse me. This isn't just for retargeting. This is for everything, including prospecting. Mainly for prospecting. If you assume if you assume somebody knows your product, you have a higher chance of converting them. It's like it's like when you, you know, meet someone like, "Oh, you just pretend you're best friends." Like you're just the rapport is just like you're you know, you know them. It's just such a smooth enjoyable interaction. The same type of thing with the ads. If you just assume they know a little bit about you. I mean, how how different can your product be, right? Mushroom coffee, there's a bunch of them. You know, you know, a pair of shorts, there's tons of shorts, you know, shampoo. Everyone knows what shampoo. So, just like assume someone knows what it is and then ask a question that maybe separates you from all the competitors, all the other brands in the category. It just starts with some context. It's very relevant immediately and it even just works better when the talent points to it. They explain I keep getting this question and then they explain exactly what they're about to start talking about. And of course you can bury it down multiple different ways. Number four is the three myths about blank. So three myths about skincare, three myths about you know credit cards, three myths about what what pens, notebooks, anything. This applies to anything. You can just Google or type in chat what are three myths three common myths about you know whatever you're selling whatever category three common myths about shampoo oh it dries your hair out oh you need to use this amount of water oh you can't store in the sun whatever and then the the the last myth will be like that's why I switch to you then insert your product this works very well and as explainer shocking educational which is why we do it because it builds a little bit of a you know authority I wrote this in it builds a bit of an authority right so for educating the consumer about why your product, you know, basically butts all these myths or it's, you know, goes against all these myths or that these myths might not even be true at all. Right? So, um, did I just say the same thing? Same thing three different ways. Basically, you're explaining the common misconceptions of your product. So, it's the myth, then you're into the truth. You can also do three truths, you know, three truths about shampoo. It is true that this has happened. It is common misconception that this happens. So don't over explain quick to the point and then go into explainer about your product. This is just you know educational very you know easy for people to understand. But yeah these are four formats that are working very well right now. If you need help making ad creatives for your brand click the link below makewinning ads.com. We'll hop on a call. See if we can improve your ads. I'm sure we can. Uh yeah typically brands spending over $100,000 a month. We can help them scale very quickly. we're delivering on a weekly basis. Every week we deliver you a new round of ad creatives and that's typically what is needed to maintain scale and especially scale. Um, if you have any questions about these ad styles, feel free to comment down below. Ask any, you know, details about these and I'm happy to respond. Thank you so much for watching. I appreciate it.

- 7 Most Profitable Facebook Ad Formats You Should Run In 2026: Kind: captions Language: en Over the last three years, I've been scaling seven to nine figure e-commerce brands with performances like these, these, and these. And while doing this, I've experimented with many, many different ad formats. In this video, I will show you what kind of ad formats are currently performing best, how to execute them, what to pay attention to, and why they are performing. So, number one that I've seen performing for a lot of brands recently are AI mashup videos. This is how it looks like. Essentially, the whole idea is to have some AI clips and mainly a mashup of many different clips. Some are filmed. But the point is that we have an AI voice that's being the narrator. So like not a UGC ad, not a testimonial, but just kind of educational, an explanation ad with an authoritarian AI voice. And then a lot of like these kind of graphics which you can either do with video editing or generate with AI that kind of not only explain the problem but also show the problem visually. And this is also the secret why it works. It is very convincing because it really educates on how the problem works and how the your product can resolve the problem. And in general, an important rule for your ads to be working well is do not tell but always show. And these ads show perfectly. So yeah, this is an ad format that is performing really well. If you have anything that you can explain or need to educate your audience on, this kind of ad format is really perfect to do that. Just quickly for reference so you can also listen how it's supposed to sound, right? So this is like how the AI mashup voice usually sounds. >> You don't have back pain. Your spine's just begging for space. If you've lived [music] with back pain long enough, you >> So yeah, you can generate this kind of voice over with 11 laps or tapd. There are many platforms for that. But basically, you want to generate that and create some AI images plus like use your existing clips to do some mashups. And this is how you can make such an ad. usually [music] works really really well if you have something to explain or something to educate on. Now, format number two, and this has been kind of overused recently, but it still works if you get the fundamentals right. So, number two is basically the classic UGC ad. The way it works is you have just someone using your product, talking about it, filming A- rolls, filming B- rolls, and in the meantime really talking about it. In comparison to the first ad format, the advantage of this one is of course that you have the human touch. You have someone who's actually showing that it works. Now again here also a general rule is you have to show people not just tell because a few years ago UGC appeared and it like became this new trendy ad format and everyone started running it and then it kind of got saturated with people making crazy claims with saying it solve this and that for them. So with UGC it still works. Some people said UGC is dead. It's definitely not. This has been always performing well for us. The only important thing is that you really make it like not not like acting, not like cringey, not exaggerate emotions or like fake acting, but really authentic the way people would react. Not overexaggerated and also not just tell about the benefits, but actually show. So, for example, this girl here is talking about the makeup, but she's also showing it. And and this is really the main thing. She's showing how she's using the products and basically the end result of it. This is the important thing because in the end, yeah, people know it's an ad, people know she's getting paid for this, but at the same time, they see, okay, like if they just compare the before and after and they see the process and there are not even many cuts in between, right? They know it's it's working. So, this is one way to do UGC, you really want to show the transformation and as long as you can kind of prove it with the video material, not just talk about it, it will perform most likely quite well for you if the [music] script is on point. Now the next winning ad format that we have is very similar to this one or kind of originated from the UGC one because over time people would notice okay the UGC ads they are super inauthentic people are just acting the product isn't even that great they just use maybe even some additional products to achieve whatever transformation is uh requested or desired right to just get their brief done so out of that a certain thing resulted in that is kind of the inauthentic UGC fatigue that like super fake UGC would just not perform but at the same time it created like this new kind of ad format which goes to the other extreme not super inauthentic but super authentic and that is the no cut organic testimonial. Let's quickly play it. >> I'm getting older that I'm really fixating on is like my neck and chest aging the same as my face. Um and I feel like so many people worry about all of their serums, creams, and whatnot on their face and then skip out on their neck and their chest. But last January, I actually got my entire neck. And >> so this is the thing. The whole ad goes like this. And you can see there are not even captions. There is not a single cut. This is just a person talking in their wardrobe. Couldn't get more organic, right? So it's a super authentic testimonial of someone just talking. And this usually performs really well, especially if you've seen your UGC's maybe being a bit inauthentic or maybe people not really converting from it or not believing it or some negative comments below your UGC ads because this kind of ad takes it to the next level and makes it even more organic, even more believable, they're not even cut. So if you're even showing something while talking, not just talking, like people know you you can't fake it. It's just true. And this is why this kind of ad format performs really well. Plus, it blends in well into organic content into the organic feed while someone is scrolling on t Instagram or Tik Tok or Facebook and they will probably only like a few seconds in notice that this is not an organic video but an ad. But by that time you had enough time to hook them in to call out the problem. For example, now this girl actually calls out the problem immediately so that people are interested even though like after a few seconds they might notice it's an ad. One of the things as I'm getting older that I'm really fixating on is like my neck and chest. >> So here she just calls out the problem and if someone is resonating with that they will be interested to watch it even if they understand on the way that this is actually an ad. Now ad form number three and this is really really successful with ads that go into identity marketing or brands that sell fashion. So here we have literally just a product image. Here we kind of have well almost the full cycle because in the beginning of Facebook guides people would just run images and it would be profitable just because of the product and now we are kind of partially cycling back to that. So here we have just a lifestyle image and the product and the product sells itself. This again is super organic and works especially well for fashion brands because even in organic posts some people would comment hey where did you get this dress from? Where did you get this hoodie from? Where did you get whatever from? And this plays into that pattern. It just puts the product out and if they like it, they like it. There's not much explanation to do. It's very organic. Again, blends really well into the organic feed. So, people don't feel like it, you know, they they're getting sold. If there would be like a big sales headline and then like 15 words on this, it might be just so overcrowded and people are kind of exhausted from it already that they would just skip it. But like this, they actually take a look at it. Now, this was an extreme example. Actually, you don't have to go that extreme. Usually, what works better is still having some copy on it. Um, and I think this is a good example for it. [music] So, here again we have a lifestyle shot but some copy on it and that is fine too. So, here we have this coffee uh we have a testimonial, we have the logo and a call to action. Still very simple, very organic lifestyle shot plus copy that really resonates and this is the way you can sell. So, basically anything that does not need too much explanation. If your product is kind of self-explanatory from an image or [music] because you are just selling the identity, just have a lifestyle shot and a short testimonial or a short headline like this. And as long as it resonates, as long as the background resonates, well, basically the the whole visual and the headline resonates, that can be one of your best ads. It's really as simple as that. So the only thing to focus on is of course to have this lifestyle shot in an environment that really resonates with people and to have a headline that really resonates or testimonial and that way you can make this kind of ad format really successful for you. Now ad format number four is actually something many people don't like to do but this is exactly why it performs so well. There are not that many founders that are actually comfortable to get on camera and talk publicly and be known for their brand. But this is exactly why the competition of this type of ads is really low. And if you have a legit brand, not just drop shipping, but really selling your own product, branding it, standing for something, then this is really the type of ad you will all you will always want to run. And so far, I'm really yet to see it not performing. So far, it only has been performing. So, here's an example of one. Today we're seeking $750,000 in exchange for 5% of the company. >> I'll give you $750. I want 50 cents in royalties off every unit till I recoup a million dollars. And I want the 5% equity now. >> I I don't think we could take your deal. Kevin, >> we're in our 10th year now and Neurogum has become bigger than Kent and Knight could have ever imagined. We're [music] one of the biggest brands on Tik Tok shop last year. We're one of the top brands on Amazon in our category and we're so proud of this team that we've built. So here you can see we have the founders actually talking. But then also they even combine it with kind of a viral clip because they've been on this show. And after that they built in a lot of credible B-rolls. They're in the warehouse. They are on some kind of presentation. They show their ads in real life, not just on the phone. So they really play here with authority. But there are many different ways of how you can actually do this. You don't need to go live on TV to be able to run this ad. You can literally whatever you do, whatever kind of events you have with your brand, whatever even like your factory is, you can just literally walk through the factory, you can walk through the office, you can talk about it, and then just mix in some B- rolls and kind of make it a brand/founder story. And this really performs super super well, especially if you're someone who has a story to tell. So, this will be something for the eight and nine figure brands. But if you have something that has already a name or if you have a story, just tell it and it will usually perform super well. The hit rate on those ads is super high because there are not many people that actually can run this type of ads. Most people are just drop shippers. So, next up, number five, we have absurd AI ads. And the important part here is absurd because there are a lot of new AI tools out [music] and people are generating static images. They are generating videos. They are generating lots of different things even like UGC ads which I by the way really don't recommend. Don't generate UGC ads. If you have someone talking about how this cream like fixed their acne or their skin and people see it's an AI avatar, they will be like, "What's going on? This is obviously so fake." they will hate it because that is kind of misusing AI. For the UGC videos, it's really important that you have a real person talking about real experience and people know it's real. You can't really fake it. AI isn't really that good yet. Maybe at some point, but even then, it's better to use a real person because kind of the energy and the emotion just convey through the video. But what you can do with AI is making it obvious that it's AI. [music] So, here's an example of this. >> Oh, yeah. >> Hear me out. >> Okay. >> Bully bunches, right? [music] Yeah, >> classic size. >> Got the mega jumbo. >> But [music] like if you don't chew the monster, bro, like do you do you even chew, bro? >> Totally, bro. >> So, you can see it's a podcast with dogs and obviously this is AI generated, but it performs really well because well, people have never seen before a podcast where dogs talk to each other. And that is kind of the point. AI is very strong not because it enables you to fake authentic content, but because you can create with it things that usually were not ever created. People are not used to see this. They are being entertained watching this. Even if you know it's an ad, you would just watch it and think, okay, what kind of thing is that? And then towards the end, they've already heard all the copy and all the things they needed to hear to convert and to buy from you. So this is why it works just so well. By the way, you can do also the same with static images. So basically generating some absurd static image where people can tell it is AI but it's so absurd and entertaining that people are still curious to click and see who actually the advertiser is and what they're actually selling. Now the next ad format is something that got mainly replaced by the UGC videos but now the trend is that UGC videos are again like getting less effective unless they're really authentic and really believable. And now the trend is going back more to videos with text overlay without any voice. Here's one example. So here we have just the product, some copy and of course again in relatable relevant environments. This is really strong for identity marketing. But basically here we just have the product and the offer. Short video with some text overlay. Here's an ad from Tinder that's actually working for like a few months now. Here also the same thing. We have just some short clip together with a headline and that's it. [music] And then we have just some trendy music overlay. So this is how this kind of ad works. And here another one of these that is more in the testimonial style but still just B- rolls with text over. [music and singing] I switch to town. But what do I know? Spend a nice [music] hiking. Where will I go? I could fly home with my eyes closed. But >> so this works also really well because again, social media got flooded for a while with inauthentic UGC videos. And now people are just tiring of being talked to by some noisy person whenever they scroll. And now they appreciate just music with some text overlay. Here's another example that kind of goes into the extreme and just shows [music] times. Now, if you've watched to this point, I'll add on another bonus ad format that performs really, really well, just needs some skill in copyrightiting. So, that is the long form WSL. You can see this video is around 3 and 1/2 minutes, but this also takes like the AI mashup education approach just conveyed by a human. Usually works better on an older audience. >> Many women think heavy legs and swelling are only normal aging. But this is not just genetics or only getting old. It is what I call bad electrical circulation. in hospital many vascular surgeons will say >> so you see the point we won't watch the whole thing but essentially it really starts problem aware or maybe even unaware and then it slowly leads up to what the problem is and what an alternative solution is so in the end they are selling grounding mats but you can see they can't just start immediately talking about grounding mats but this is like a guy who tells you that he has studied medicine at Beijing University and they have this traditional Chinese medicine and it works so well because of this and that and explains everything and then at the end they pitch the product. So this is how you can lead someone from oh they're only product bloom aware and don't even really know what's going on or maybe even unaware and lead that to someone who will actually buy from you. Now these are the adforms that I see a lot of success with recently. If you want someone to help you with your creative strategy and help you actually create these kind of ads and scale your brand click the first link in the description because this is exactly what I do. else. Check out also this video where I don't talk about ad creative but actually talk about how you can take these and how you can run it to get it delivered to the right people and how you can manage your ad account to scale. Keep scaling. Bye.

- Copy this lazy ad format that PRINTS (Facebook Ads 2026 Post Andromeda): Kind: captions Language: en What is the lazy ad format that prints, if you can get it right? That is the order packing video. The order packing video is generally speaking a more raw, authentic style of ad format with more minimal editing. It's not usually as professionally edited. It's more raw, authentic. It feels more personable. And if executed correctly, it can be very powerful. So, the key with these ads is you almost want to camouflage these ads as a piece of content. You may have seen brands like Elijah's Hot Sauce, for example, who run these order packing videos. And they can be very effective in both ways. So, if you have a shop, you got a warehouse, and you're able to make order packing videos, it doesn't matter if you have an iPhone camera. You don't need a fancy setup to try this ad format. You don't need to go hire a bunch of content creators. You can do it in-house. And if you get it right, it can work very well. So, step one really is you have to nail the hook. So, the key with the hook of a good order packing video from what I've seen is you want to frame the hook correctly. If you can frame the hook as if it is their order, and you were packing that specific customer's order, that subconsciously in their mind makes them view that order that they are seeing as if it is their own. How do you frame a hook as if it is their order? Let's pack your order today, my friend. You see what I did there? Let's pack your order today, my friend. Not let's pack this order. Let's pack your order today, my friend. Or you could say my man, or my my lady, my you know, whatever you want to say. Pick some term at the end that feels personable to your target customer, who you're trying to target. If it was women, it could be something like girly. Something that feels personable. It feels authentic to that type of customer. So, from there, what are we doing? So, in this opening hook, the key to to nailing the hook is you have to nail the script, and you also have to nail the visual that's being used. Different things you can test for the visual could be showing the product in your hand, filming, you know, taking your phone and doing it as in selfie mode. And maybe you're showing the problem visually. So, let's say for example, the problem may be some brand of soap that's nasty and it smells bad, or whatever the case is. If you could somehow visually show this nasty soap in your hand, being thrown into the garbage, for example. What it What that's doing there, once again, is subconscious, right? You're subconsciously taking the thing that is the problem, and you're throwing it away, right? As if in their mind, you're about to pack their order, right? But you're taking the problem, and you're getting rid of the problem simultaneously. So, then from there, what I typically do is I show the product next. So, once again, we are not selling yet. We are starting with a hook where we are telling them that we're going to pack their order. We're showing a visual that would resonate with the type of person we want to attract. And then we're talking about the product. And typically, the product would be the product that they would typically order. Maybe you have, for example, a hunting brand, and you're selling a hunting product. And maybe the camo version of this is the most popular. So, maybe for instance, you show the camo version in that hook where there's you're starting to pack this order, and there's camo right in the center. That could be something you test. And from there, maybe there's an add-on that goes with this hunting product. So, maybe you sell some kind of vest, or whatever, to go with this hunting product, and you throw that in for free, or you mention that they also ordered that as well. So, once again, subconsciously, you're trying to condition them to get that add-on as well, if that is the goal. So, if you have three different options, for example, for an add-on. Let's say you've got um one that's $20, one that's $50, and one that's $100. Maybe you pick the 50 or $100 one if you want them to have a higher average order value, for example, and take that add-on. So, that could be another thing. And then from there, what are you doing next? This then, at this point, after you have shown them a hook that doesn't feel like an ad in an engaging way, you know, this whole ad should be raw, authentic, personable. It should feel almost like a TikTok. And we're starting off with a hook that feels raw, authentic, and personable. We're showing a visual of some kind that would resonate with that customer and try to filter out the type of customers who wouldn't buy, almost. Then from there, we're showing the product. Then from there, we're starting to kind of gradually sell the product, but not too much. We want to sell the product a little bit, but not not too much at the same time. So, we're starting to introduce some of the upgrades this product can improve your life. So, with this specific type of ad, what I typically have found to work really well is we're focusing more on the improvements, the lifestyle upgrades, the ways that this product makes your life better, right? They They finally got rid of whatever this is, whatever this problem is. They're finally getting rid of it, and now their life is so much better. But you do it in a way that's also not too salesy, okay? So, we don't want it to feel like an ad. You want it to feel like a piece of content that's almost disguised. It's It's a camouflage piece of content. It's starting off as a piece of content that would resonate with that target customer. And then from there, you're slowly and gradually introducing the product. You're starting to gradually introduce the main selling points. And then from there, you're starting to introduce why they should trust you. So, maybe that's why 100,000 customers have trusted us, or whatever the case is. 50,000 customers, 100,000. And you're showing them visuals, also, of the customers using the product, enjoying the product, whatever the case is. Then from there, also, at the end, we want to include, ideally, some kind of risk reversal. So, if you don't like it, for example, you get your money back. Uh 90-day money-back guarantee. That means if it, you know, messes up, if it breaks, if it if the product doesn't work as as expected and as advertised, we'll send you your money back. Only say that, of course, if it's true. You don't want to get yourself shut down. So, you don't want to include a risk reversal that is not true, okay? Just stating that out there. Seems pretty obvious, but want to make sure you guys don't uh get in trouble with the FTC or anything like that. So, if you found this video helpful, go try the order packing video. Give it a few tries. See if you can get the script right, because if you can, it can be a very powerful ad. Now, as far as editing goes, do you have to hire an editor to do this ad? You can. And if you do, what I recommend is you make sure you tell them that it shouldn't feel polished. It should feel raw and authentic, almost like a TikTok, right? It should feel faster with the pacing, more engaging. And any cut should be intentional. So, if you're cutting away from the actual warehouse, or whatever it may be, that you're showing, the cut should be intentional. It should be adding value, if that makes sense. So, but do you have to? Do you have to go hire an editor? No, not necessarily. You can edit these on your iPhone, if you wanted. If this video was helpful at all, leave a like. Comment below what you want to see next, what you want me to talk about. And if you were running ads, comment your brand down below. And let me review your ads. So, that's all I've got for this one.

- Meta Ads 2026: My Andromeda Blueprint To Crushing It.: Kind: captions Language: en Meta just changed the way you advertise. And if you're planning on running meta ads in 2026, this is how you should be doing them. In this video, I'm going to show you exactly what changed and what you need to do differently now to start crushing it on Meta again. For those who do not know me, I am Rahin Aar, a PPC expert with over 10,000 hours spent running ads and millions of dollars in ad spend. I'm going to show you how the new system thinks, how it delivers your ads, and then give you a simple checklist of what you need to change inside your account so you can start seeing results again, preferably before anybody else figures it out. Before Andromeda, Meta took its first big punch with iOS 14. Overnight, Meta lost a massive chunk of the data it depended on. Performance dropped, costs went up, and that golden era of laser targeting disappeared. Meanwhile, Google survived because people literally tell Google what they want. Meta relies on behavior and tracking to guess what you're into. When that tracking got cut, the system became halfblind. And while Meta was dealing with that, a second wave hit, generative AI. Google's like chat GPT and Midjourney suddenly made it ridiculously easy to pump out ads. And most of them look the same. Cheap, loweffort AI slop flooding the platforms. millions of ads competing for the same attention. The old delivery engine simply couldn't keep up with the level of noise. The Andromeda update is Meta's answer to all of this. They rebuilt the entire way the system thinks, how it decides which ad to show, when to show it, and where to show it. It became more about Meta's ability to read context and predict what the user is likely to respond to today, which format, which placement, which style, all in real time. Now that we know what triggered this change, let me show you what you need to be doing to win with Meta in 2026 using a 10-step checklist. I will go over them quickly, and if you need to know more, you can simply leave your question in the comments. So, what do you need to do to win with Meta Ads in 2026? Here are 10 best practices. One, keep it simple. One clear goal per campaign. Start with one campaign per objective, sales, leads, or messages. Always use campaign budget optimization unless you have a very strong reason not to. And please do not create five versions of the same campaign or same adset. Two, go broad and stop oversegmenting. The instinct when performance drops is to target tighter. That used to work in the old days. Today, too much segmentation just stars the algorithm. In 2026, the power is no longer in adding 15 interests to your adset. It is in robust tracking and most importantly your creative. Which lead us to the third point. Feed the machine with a creative variety. Andromea performs best when it has a lot of creative options to test. Different hooks, different angles, different visuals, different formats because it matches the message in the creative to your audience preference. Don't just give it one ad and expect miracles. The more quality creative options you give it, the faster it will find winners. Point number four, keep your content fresh and rotating. Keeping your content fresh is important. Don't treat ads like billboards that sit there for a month. Every week or two, add new creative, especially when you see performance dipping or when your frequency creeps up. Have solid tracking. I know most advertisers hate setting this up, let alone business owners who want to do it themselves, but it is very important. The system thrives on good data. Make sure your pixel and your conversion API are correctly installed. And if you can connect your CRM, then you are golden. That tells Andromeda which leads or customers are actually valuable. And that's the best possible feedback signal you can give to the system. Point number six, stick to one main conversion event per campaign. If you ask meta for purchases, add to carts, and leads in the same campaign, you're basically sending mixed signals. It will confuse the algorithm and won't know which behavior to optimize for. Once you have this working for you, then you can create another campaign for a different stage of the awareness funnel. Point number seven, give your campaigns enough time and budget to learn. Don't assume because it is AI and is fast that two days are enough to gauge the performance. Give your new campaigns a reasonable budget and enough time to exit the learning phase. Look at performance over the last week, not the weekend. The system needs data points. Sometimes it's holding your ad for the right person and hasn't found the right match yet. If you switch it off too early, then it never gets the chance. And your budget should match your audience. If you are targeting a tiny area of a small population, then you do not need a massive budget or 100 creatives. But the bigger your audience, the more budget you will need. Simple logic because Andromeda needs enough clicks and signals to understand who your winning users actually are. Point number eight, look at performance as a system, not isolated ads. This is what's working now and will probably continue to work in 2026. Some ads work as hooks. Some work as closers. A video might bring in cheap clicks while a simple static ad in retargeting style does most of the conversions. So when you check the results, zoom out. Look at the campaign and the overall funnel, not just one ad. This is why you shouldn't switch off anything too quickly. Give your ads at least 72 hours, ideally three to four days before making any decisions. Point number nine, scale smart and don't smash the budget. When a campaign works, don't go crazy with the budget because that breaks the performance and resets the rhythm. Nothing new here. This has always been the case. Even more important now increase gradually 10% at a time maybe 20% and give it a couple of days between jumps. This keeps learning stable and avoid shocking the algorithm. Point number 10 keep creating and avoid lazy AI slop. Creative is the main lever now the main decider of who get to see what ad. The system can find the right people, but it cannot fix a boring offer or a lazy ad. Use AI to speed things up. Even Meta's built-in AI tools are solid, but don't rely on generic content that looks like everyone else's. Talk in your audience's language. Show real benefits. Test different hooks, different angles, different messages. This has always been important, and in 2026, it's even more critical. Simple formats like text on a natural background can still work if the messaging is strong and relevant. So before Andromeda, it was all about knobs, more manual control, more audiences, more switches. After Andromeda, the winning mindset is fewer campaigns, broader targeting, and cleaner tracking, and a lot more creative testing. There's no magic hack here, no perfect universal campaign setup. The patterns I shared are what consistently work for me and for a lot of advertisers that we have researched. Creative and data are your two biggest allies now. And Romana is smart, but it still needs you to give it something worth showing. And the best way to do that is to understand your audience properly. That doesn't just help Meta, it helps every platform you're going to advertise on. Which is why the next video is all about how to do audience research in 2026 using the same AI tools agencies use for a fast, effective, and accurate research to build your next campaign with confidence and to scale your business. And of course, don't forget to like, share, and subscribe. and hit that notification bell if you want more of this content.

- Why Facebook Ads ROAS Is Wrong: Fix Your Pixel Data Loss: Kind: captions Language: en Right now, your ad platform is showing you the wrong numbers. Not a little wrong, but potentially 20% or more wrong. And it's not a Facebook bug. It's not a Google glitch. It's a tracking problem that almost every advertiser has, but almost nobody talks about. Now, let me show you exactly what's happening. Here is the key thing to understand. When someone clicks your ad and buys something or fills out a form or signs up for a trial, that conversion needs to be reported back to the ad platform so it knows that worked. That reporting happens through a piece of code that is called a tracking pixel. The problem that pixel is now broken for significant portion of your visitors. So, ad blockers block it, iOS privacy settings limit it, and then cookies shorten its memory. The result is that your ad platform thinks you got fewer conversions than you actually did. Your return on ad spend looks worse than it really is, and you end up making budget decision based on incomplete data. Now, let me walk you through exactly how this happens and what you can do about it. First, let me quickly show you how tracking is supposed to work. It's simpler than you think. When someone visits your website, a small piece of JavaScript code runs in their browser. This is your tracking pixel. When that visitor does something valuable new product, adds to cart, makes a purchase, fills out a lead form, books an appointment, that pixel fires and sends the data to your ad platform. Facebook gets message saying, "This person who clicked your ad just bought something." Google gets the same kind of signal, and TikTok gets the same kind of signal. This is called client-side tracking because it happens in the client, the browser. For years, this worked perfectly fine, but then three things broke it. Let me now walk you through the three reasons your tracking is broken right now. Number one, ad blockers. Your tracking pixel is a JavaScript file. For Facebook, it's called fbevents.js, and for Google, it's gtag.js. And ad blockers maintain lists of known tracking scripts, and these files are on every single list. When someone has an ad blocker installed, your pixel literally cannot fire. The purchase happens, the lead form gets filled out, but that platform never finds out. Now, how many people use ad blockers? About 37% of desktop users and about 27% of mobile, and amongst tech-savvy audiences, it can be significantly higher. Now, bear in mind that this number is only going to grow because more and more people are installing ad blockers. That might not sound like a a lot, but think about it. If over 30% of your conversion um converting visitors are invisible to your ad platform, that's 30% of your revenue that doesn't show up in your return on ad spend. Now, number two is iOS privacy. Starting with iOS 14.5, Apple shows users a pop-up that asks, "Allow this app to track your activity across other companies' apps and websites." And guess what? Between 75% to 85% of people tap "Ask app not to track." When they opt out, your pixel gets restricted. Facebook receives limited, delayed, and aggregated data instead of the real-time granular data it used to get. They've tried to compensate with modeled conversions, like basically guessing what happens, but advertisers consistently reported these estimates still undercount. Now, number three is cookies restrictions. Your pixel uses cookies to connect the ad click to the eventual conversion. Someone clicks your ad today, comes back next week, and buys, the cookie is what ties those two events together. But Safari now limits third-party cookies to 7 days. Firefox and Brave blocks tracking cookies entirely. Even first-party cookies from tracking scripts get limited in some browsers. So, if someone clicks your ad on Monday and buys the following Monday, the cookie may have expired. The conversion gets attributed to direct traffic instead of your ad campaign. Now, add these three together, a chunk of your visitors are blocked by ad blockers, a significant portion are limited by iOS privacies, and some conversions are lost to cookie expiration. The total impact varies by business and audience, but it's common to see 20 to 30% of conversions completely missing from your ad platform's report. This is not a rounding error. That significant chunk of data that should be informing your budget decisions, but isn't. Now, let me show you what this actually looks like in your ad account. Say you're running a campaign. You spent $2,000 this week. Your ad platform reports 25 conversions. That's $80 per conversion. Maybe that's above your target CPA. Maybe you're thinking about pausing this campaign or shifting budget somewhere else. But, here is the reality behind the scenes. Because of ad blockers and iOS and cookies restrictions, there were actually 32 conversions. Your real cost per per conversion is closer to 63. The campaign that looked marginal, it's actually your most efficient campaign. And this isn't just about one campaign. This is happening across your entire ad account. Every campaign, every ad set, and every ad. Your profitable campaigns look less profitable. Your scaling decisions are based on wrong numbers. You might be cutting winners and keeping losers because the data is telling you the wrong story. This is what I call the tracking gap. And every single advertiser running paid ads is dealing with it right now. Now, if you're watching this and thinking this explains so much, I get it. This was an eye-opener for me, too, when I first dug into the data. I've put together a complete breakdown of how to fix this. It's the next video in the series, and I'll link it at the end, and also in the description. I've also built a tool called Signal Bridge that solves this problem automatically. Link is in the description if you want to check it out. But first, let me show you how to check whether you're affected. Here's exactly what I want you to do after watching this video. Step one, check your event match quality score. Open Facebook Events Manager, click on your pixel, look at your event match quality score, and if it's below seven out of 10, you're definitely losing significant conversion data. Facebook is telling you directly that it can't match your events to real people accurately enough. Step number two, compare your platforms. Look at your total conversions in Facebook Ads Manager, then look at your total conversions in Google Analytics or your e-commerce platform. If there's a gap, and there's almost always is, the gap represents the data your pixel is missing. And finally, step three, check your attribution window. Look at conversions with one-day click window versus a seven-day click window. If the seven-day number is significantly higher, cookies are expiring and you're losing delayed conversions. These three checks take about 10 minutes, [clears throat] and they will tell you exactly how much data you're missing. So, what's the solution? In short, server-side tracking. Instead of relying on the pixel in the browser that can be blocked, restricted, or limited, you send conversion data directly from your server to the ad platforms API. Ad blockers, they can't block server requests. iOS restrictions, minimal impact on server events. Cookie limits, you use first-party cookies from your own domain that are last much longer. So, every major ad platform now supports this. Facebook calls their the conversion API. Google calls it um enhanced conversions, and TikTok calls it the events API. And their own data shows that advertisers using server-side tracking see 8 to 19% more attributed conversions and up to 12% lower cost per acquisition. This isn't a hack or a workaround. This is the new standard. Your ads probably aren't as broken as you think. Your tracking is what's broken. And once you fix the tracking, everything else gets clearer. Which campaign to scale, which to cut, and where to invest your next dollar. I made a detailed video that breaks down exactly how server-side tracking works, the different ways you can set it up, and what results to expect. It's the complete roadmap. Watch it next. I'll link it right here. Ah, and if you're not subscribed yet, hit that subscribe button. I post new video every Tuesday about making your ad data actually reliable. See you in the next one.

  Top Comments:
  1. @SignalBridgeTracking: 3 things to do right now:
1. Check your Event Match Quality score in Facebook Events Manager
2. Compare Facebook conversions to your actual platform sales
3. Watch the complete fix: https://youtu.be/EDj6F78y0jU

🔗 Free trial of SignalBridge (14 days, no credit card): https://signalbridgedata.com

Drop a comment with your EMQ score - I'm curious what you're seeing!

- 6 Paid Advertising Trends That Will Define 2026: Kind: captions Language: en Paid advertising has completely changed from what it was 12 months ago. We have single accounts spending over $3 million per month on Meta, on Google, and even on Tik Tok. I've seen what's working. I've seen what's dying. And I'm about to show you what is about to explode over the next 12 months. There's six major shifts that are happening. These are going to give you the competitive advantage over everybody else. So whether you're spending $500 per day or $50,000 per day, these are the six trends that are going to impact your campaigns the most this year. So let's dive right in. Number one, and I've talked about this in some other videos, and if you haven't seen this, I highly encourage you to go check out my other videos on Andromeda, but Andromeda has completely changed the game. This is a content first algorithm. Now, previously, what happened is you used to have all these audiences that you had to segment. Now, the creative has done the targeting. Go look at my earliest videos on my channel. I've gotten obviously much better at content, but I talk about the strategies. Content first strategies. We've been big into that. Creative is everything. That's the ad. The ad is the targeting. I actually let go of a client because they kept getting up our ass about the audiences. They're like, "We want you to test these audiences." I'm like, "Dude, like, no, I'm not doing this." The creative is the targeting. Now, like for example, when you call out your audience like, "Hey doctors," do you think somebody that's not a doctor is going to click on that? Like think of your scrolling experience on this platform. If you saw an ad and you're not a doctor, that said, "Hey doctors," are you going to stop and watch that? No. Do you think if I had something that was just a generic ad, but I had a audience targeting with doctors? Like that ad itself is so direct to who it's speaking to, it's going to get directly in front of the person. So, this is what I mean by the creative. Now, that's not the only way. You don't have to always call out that person. Although call outs are highly effective ways to get directly in front of the people that you want to be in front of. But Meta completely shifted it. So Andromeda, it moved it to a content first strategy, which is what we were talking about before Andromeda came out. We were predicting it. We were on top of it. It's very important that you are creating content that satisfies Andromeda. So, what we've seen is custom audiences and lookalike audiences are performing less and less than ever. They're less effective than they've ever been. Broad targeting is the best. Now, I'm not saying don't test other audiences. We always like to see what they do, but broad targeting with the right creative, with the right messaging is always outperforming. And by broad, that means just letting the algorithm decide who it places in front of. So the real lever that you're going to pull as an advertiser is going to be improving your creative. You want to hire somebody like me or hire strategist or somebody who really understands this who can help you develop the right creatives. Number two is AIdriven creative optimization. So, if you are an advertiser or if you've launched your own ads, you've probably seen a lot of these switches when you go into the ads level and you add the ad and then you have to se click on like, you know, the formatting for the different placements. And then it'll generally give you like options of what generative AI you want to add on. Do you want to add on links? Do you want to add on headlines? It's going to give you all these variations and it tests them against different audiences. Previously, how this used to work is you used to have to create five ads, five headlines, five copy and you would do one ad at a time. You would test it versus the five headlines and then you would determine the winner and then you would take that headline with the next ad and you would test that and you would test it and so you would do all these tests and that's really what a media buyer used to do. Now the media buying isn't that important. Like media buyers really it's just turn this on. That's all it is is turn on the campaign and now the real strategy is the creative. What's the creative that we need? What's the angle? What's the copy that we need to really get in front of the right audiences? I know I'll give you an example of what this looks like from like an e-commerce perspective. One of my good friends, he spends millions of dollars per month. Uh he's worked with some of the biggest clothing brands. Actually, Cuts, they're direct competitors with Cuts. I'm not going to say the brand, but they don't even do any audiences anymore. Again, they're spending millions per month. What they do, they put in different colored shirts. So, I'm wearing like a I think this is like a maroon color. I'm not too good with my colors, but this looks like maroon to me. Ladies, you might call it some other color, but we'll call it maroon. They put in their creatives, they segment their campaigns by the color of the shirt because they found that people who buy maroon shirts are more likely to buy maroon shirts. People who buy black shirts are more likely to buy black shirts. So that's what we mean by the creative is the messaging now. So you put that one creative in. Now the AI is going to start optimizing. It's going to split test headlines. It's going to learn which combination sequences and it's going to adapt based off of what's trending and what the audiences are responding to. So it's analyzing like all of these responses. Number three is the privacy apocalypse which is iOS 26. Google has also eliminated thirdparty cookies. I talked about this a lot last year. We've talked about privacy issues. We work in the most regulated space which is tellahalth because these are like HIPPA compliant. So they're extremely aggressive on what you can and can't do as an advertiser and you have to have the right creative. The creative is now the messaging. All these privacy restrictions are making it harder than ever. They've eliminated click IDs, right? So Apple's iOS 26 has eliminated click IDs. A lot of third-party attribution tools are starting to tank due to these privacy changes. Additionally, email and SMS is broken for a lot of Apple users. And what you need to rely on now is firstparty data. It's non-negotiable. So, what does this look like? You're going to need to make sure that you set up Cappy and that you're sending back all of the data to the data sets and to the pixel. So this is going to be your customer lists, your emails, your phone numbers. This is firstparty data. This is data that you got. This isn't thirdparty data from a pixel or from thirdparty platform. This is data that you have gotten and owned. And you need to send that data back to the ads manager and confirm that that's who you got. Now is the AI is going to learn based off of that. Now it sees this data come back in and it's going to adjust and it's going to really dial in the campaigns as it gets more of this firstparty data. Number four is campaigns are starting to stall. And this is what I'm referring to is even when everything appears to be fine and looks normal. Now, the number one reason that I'm seeing campaign stall, so these are campaigns that previously used to work or campaigns again where everything is is fine, is they're oversegmenting their campaigns. So, they'll have like six to 10 campaigns and like all of these campaigns are going after the same person. Generally, most businesses I work with, they might have like two to three types of customers. Like the way that the AI sees it, like for example, I work with a lot of weight loss clinics. It's like you don't even need to segment the male and female. Like you could literally put them all in because these are all people that are looking to lose weight. The AI is going to know that. It's going to learn it based off of your landing pages, your creatives, how people engage with the ads, and then it's going to place it directly in front of those people. Now, you might offer some other performance peptides. Well, that's a different campaign that you want to have segmented and separated. But like, you don't need 12 different campaigns for one weight loss offer that you're selling. That's just competing. So, these are the things that I'm seeing. They need more volume. We like to have no less than 15 to 25 creatives to launch. And then our goal is we want to get to 65 plus creatives, high performing creatives, so we can like really hit the throttle and scale aggressively. Additionally, with the campaigns, what people are doing is they're making decisions too fast. We're seeing that the AI is just taking more time to learn. I mean, and you also have to do the math, too. For example, if your cost of acquisition is 300 bucks and you have, let's just say, 10 creatives, and let's assume that for whatever reason, Meta equally distributed the spend, which as you know, if you've ever launched ads, that's never going to happen. But let's assume that it did. You would have to spend $3,000 on 10 ads to get 10 conversions. So, $300 conversions times 10 ads is going to be $3,000 that you have to spend to get all of those ads to get one sale. So when you have factor in that now the algorithm is asking for 15 to 25 creatives. So you can quickly do the math that all of those have to get some spend before it really dials in. So this is again what you need to be doing and why it takes longer time. Now budgets are smaller. There's other strategies in place that are going to work for smaller budgets if you don't have that time and ability to spend through that. But that's why like for me personally, I don't like taking on accounts where we can't spend through some of those learning curves and immediately get to the data that we need. Number five, authenticity wins. Everything right now is super polished, perfected with AI. So you want to be different than what everybody is. Different is better than better. That's one of the things you need to know in marketing is being different is better than being better. So when everybody's doing this perfect AIdriven content, these perfect influencers with the perfect edits, sometimes all you got to do is just pull out your phone and be a real human. Cuz guess what? People buy from people. So you want to be authentic. We're seeing actually, you know, we've I've literally created tens of thousands of UGC videos. I spend thousands of dollars every single month just on video edits alone. like literally some months upwards of like 7 to $8,000 a month just on video editing. And this isn't like US-based editors. This is like cheap Indians, cheap talent worldwide. So, we're spending we're doing a very high volume of creatives every single month. Then on top of it, we're directing our clients to do all these edits, too. A lot of them have their own in-house editing team. So, we see creative at scale. We used to script a lot more. Now, we're just telling them, "Hey, I need you to talk about these bullet points." So, if we give a creator content and we need them to film an ad, we used to script it super heavy. Same thing with mine. My ads, like I've I've even tested this myself. I've have scripted ads, teleprompter and then I'll just go and like raw dog it and just straight let an ad rip. And some of those are my best performing ads where I'm just talking. That's what we're seeing is working the best. The authenticity is what wins because people can tell it's polished and they want to skip past it. But when they see something real and raw, that's what social media is. It's meant to be real. It's meant to be authentic. So, make sure you're keeping your content authentic. You can do polished content, but really put an effort to getting the authentic stuff. If you're working with UGC creators, just give them talking points. Let them run it. Test it and see how it works. You know, I'm not here to be right. I'm here to make the most money. So, always test what you're doing versus something new because that's how you're going to make more money. So, when you're seeing diminishing returns and campaigns are throttling or things aren't doing what they used to do, you have to stop and and ask, well, what am I doing? what can I change? And then look at the data and make datadriven decisions around those changes that you made. And then number six trend that I'm seeing is AI UGC. Now, I know I just talked about being authentic and having authenticity, but AIGC is a secret weapon. Why? Because you can test concepts at scale. So, for example, I might need to hire a creator. I might pay 4 or 500 bucks to a content creator and say, "Film this ad for me." Well, if I have 10 ad concepts, that's four to $5,000 to a creator and I don't know which one's going to win. Well, guess what? I can go on a thing like Arcads or Hey Jen, and I can spin those 10 concepts up for $10 a video. I can then run those 10 ads and put some ad spend behind all of them, drive successful conversions, and I'll see these two ads are actually the ones that performed. The other eight didn't do well. So, guess what? I'm now going to take those two winning ads and I'm going to hand those off to that authentic creator and say, "Hey, I want you to be authentic. Here's the frameworks that I want you to follow. Here's the winning angle that I want you to take." You can test things much faster with AI. So, AI UGC has gotten way better. I like Hey Gen or Arcads, but you're still going to want to implement some best practices. You want to clip in some B-roll with these. You might even want to pay creators for their B-roll. You can get cheap creators for like 50 bucks to film B-roll footage of them working out, of them doing, you know, day in the live, get ready with me. That type of content is really going to help. And then you get the AI creator and you blend the two. Your creator, your editor will do this. And you can now get content scaled very rapidly cuz a good creator, you know, they're busy, they're filming content, they're 2 days, 3 days, sometimes like four to 5 days out. If they're really busy, I mean, they might be like 5 to 7 days out. So, I have a trend right now. There's something that just hit the internet that I can immediately capitalize on. And guess what? Trending content always outperforms. It gets pushed because they lower your CPMs. It's giving a better user experience. Remember, the user experience is everything. So, think about this. And in 2026, I want you to really analyze like content creators that you like, pages that you like. Look at how many different types of content they're doing. They're doing B-roll ads where it'll be like them working out. They're not saying anything. It's just words on the screen and some music. So, like incorporate those types of ads, create diversification, go watch my videos, learn more about what's working right now. And now that you know the six paid advertising trends that are dominating in 2026, you need to learn the actual system that allows you to implement them and scale. And there's an exact step-by-step framework that I use with all of my clients. It combines all of these trends to consistently hit six and seven figure months. So, what I want you to do is check out this video. It breaks down the complete paid ads guide.

  Top Comments:
  1. @danielwalton: Want me to coach you?👉 Want me to coach you?👉 https://fireyouragency.io/step-1-882086/?utm_source=youtube&utm_medium=organic&utm_content=6_paid_advertising_trends_that_will_define

- Why Need Server Side Tracking & Offline Conversion for Lead | Niamul Conversion Tracking Specialist: Kind: captions Language: en Assalamu aalaykum. You run Google ads to get leads, but your CRM shows junk. Why? Because the algorithm optimizes for cheap form fills, not real revenue. You are wasting your ad budget on junk leads. Because Google doesn't know what happens offline. It's time to track the true value of your clicks. Alhamdulillah, since 2022, I have helped clients generate over 11 million USD in revenue. across 850 plus projects by fixing their tracking and scaling performance globally. I am MD Niml, a conversion tracking specialist delivering precise Google ads and web analytics solutions to businesses worldwide. Standard browser tracking is dying. Between ITP, ad blockers and privacy restrictions, you are losing up to 30% of your conversion data. When data is lost, Google's AI flies blind. It can't tell which keywords actually led to a sale leading to poor optimization and wasted spend. The solution is serverside tracking. By bypassing the browser, we achieve 99% tracking accuracy and recover your missing revenue data. We move the tracking to your own private server. This removes the dependency on the user's browser, ensuring every event is captured perfectly. But accurate data is only the beginning. You need advanced Google Ads offline conversion tracking to optimize for actual sales, not just clicks. Using Google Tag Manager and custom code, I capture the unique Google Click ID from every visitor who lands on your website. This ID is then stored in your CRM. Whether you use HubSpot, Salesforce or Zoho, the link between the ad click and the lead is now preserved. I connect your sales data directly to your ads, ensuring that every offline win is reported back to Google's optimization engine. When your sales team closes a deal, I send that revenue data back. This forces the algorithm to start finding high-paying customers, not just cheap leads. I streamline this entire workflow using powerful marketing automation tools like N8N, Zapier and Make for a completely seamless ecosystem. I also implement multi- channelannel conversion APIs for Facebook, Tik Tok, Pinterest and Snapchat to ensure your entire marketing stack is optimized. We maintain 100% GDPR compliance using Google consent mode, ensuring your tracking is both powerful and legally safe from Shopify to Stripe and PayPal. I specialize in thirdparty checkout tracking to capture every single transaction and attribute it correctly. Finally, I visualize your data deeply using G4, Google Looker Studio and BigQuery SQL so you can see exactly where your profit is coming from. Stop paying for junk leads. Start optimizing for real sales. If you need this expert tracking, visit my website at mdnyamul.com. Contact me today via WhatsApp or book a consultation using the link in the description. Let's scale your business together.

- The Blackbox Data Attribution Conundrum of Marketing (Architecting Clarity From Signal Loss): Kind: captions Language: en In the UK, advertising is projected to surpass over 50 billion pounds. And yes, that's a billion with a letter B. Most that is because of the notion of a lot more brands increasing their spend mostly into video advertising campaigns cuz everyone wants to engage with brands in a more visual manner. Despite the increase in advertising spend, most of us senior marketers still struggle to understand and piece the data that we see. Media performance has said that 60 to 75% of marketers and their current measurement systems still fail to deliver the transparency that they need to essentially justify their spend. Whether that's sustaining their spend or scaling their spend as a perfor I've been there. I've done that. So my sympathies are with you. Attribution itself is an elusive concept and most of us martyrs still struggle to use our sources of truth as a way to indicate and understand what we did right, what we did wrong and more importantly what we should do next. So this video and there is an accompanying article if you prefer to read this in that format which will be linked below is essentially to elaborate on marketing attribution understand what it is how we've gotten to this point find angles and ways to navigate how to approach it in fact 90% of what I do is really educating the teams that I work with whether that's internally or externally into understanding attribution so I think this is quite an important topic and that's been the case whether that's working with a startup, a scaleup or more household brand like BMW or Audible or Microsoft. Attribution and discussing attribution is always going to be a primer. I'll close off the introduction with a real case study. So, I was briefly consulting with a dating app and part of my role was to give an overview of how organic and paid verified signups or approved signups trended over time, month or week on week. And I was reporting to different product managers focus on different funnels of the business, whether that was acquisition, retention, or revenue. Product managers, obviously, they're not marketers. They might not even understand marketing. I wouldn't expect them to understand attribution. The problem is when I was reporting both from inplatform data and the topic in question or the channel in question here was Apple search ads. If you're a mobile app marketer, you know where I'm heading next. Apple search ads UI in platform data and even funneling that down to a Looker Studio dashboard. verified signups will not be pulled on either sources of truth because of Apple's privacy. Right? So any post appl event will not be seen within those platforms. And this specific product manager gave me a certain look like I was lying to him. That's the issue, right? When someone doesn't understand attribution, going back to the point I made earlier, a lot of what you're doing is educating and it's really up to them whether they believe you or not. But with AI now, obviously they can verify what you're teaching them and hopefully they start to understand that you have good intentions. So the doubt from external teams or internal teams about attribution isn't even the problem. It's about the fact that you do have to work with these people and if there's a certain friction of them understanding attribution, it just becomes a lot more difficult for everyone involved. And in this situation, the product manager didn't understand mobile app marketing, use acquisition, scan, didn't understand advertising. Obviously, this is an extreme example, but you may be in this situation as well. So, let's begin. So, attribution as a narrative, not a deterministic truth. To make this video more contextual, I do have an accompanying video which I just released a couple of weeks ago. I'll link it below. It's titled the accountability question CMOs and senior marketers have to justify when marketing. That will complement this video very well. So I highly recommend to check that out. At the very basic level, when we talk about attribution, it's essentially the act of assigning credit or claiming a conversion from a particular cause or in marketing lingo, a particular channel, campaign, ad set, ad group, keyword or ad. So an example would be John Doe sees a YouTube ad about a certain product or service. He then ignores the video, skips the video and then after a couple of days he remembers about that specific product or service. He then goes on Google, searches for that product. He sees a sponsored result or Google search ad, clicks on the ad, converts. YouTube at the initial first touch point isn't going to claim that conversion. It will be claimed by Google search. Again, this depends on your attribution model or the window that you're using. But generally, that's a quick overview of how attribution works and which how platforms claim conversions. The problem with that is the portrayal of your data, in this case, attribution, isn't 100% accurate. It's a lot more complex than that. So, here are variables that can distort your attribution. So the first one is the complexity of the modern-day customer or the complexity of the modern-day customer journey. The reality is from someone going through the discovery phase to the research comparison phase to the intent of buying and then finally buying the product. It is an incredibly complex journey. There are multiple touch points and not all those touch points are something us marketers will be able to view. At least as of 2026 that isn't the case. Not up until we get chips installed in our brains and we can track the certain thoughts that trigger a person to actually decide to buy. For now, that isn't the case yet. Thankfully knowing that fact and then including the fact that there there's an offline conversation as well. There is a decision making process that happens internally in the mind different devices. So all these variables start to distort how your attribution essentially works. Another variable is data discrepancy. If there's one thing data is good at is being inconsistent and biased, especially depending on the person viewing and trying to understand that data. Data discrepancy is simply you seeing a version of the truth or a view of the data and then seeing it in another platform telling a completely different story. And if you scale that across different channels, different analytics tools, you can see how this can become even more of an issue. Data discrepancy is really dictated internally because most marketers and data science teams don't actually have a methodology into understanding their attribution unless it's their specific hub or specific metrics that they own. But generally as a whole when we talk about marketing attribution 95% of the time most brands don't have an approach or framework in how to really get closer to the truth. They just tend to accept what they see in platform or in their business intelligence tool of choice. And then if you combine that with everyone's confirmation bias, if you have someone who works under paid search, they're going to overemphasize paid search. Someone working in affiliate marketing, they'll do the same thing. And then if you have an organic content team, they'll find a way to claim credit, too. The reality is that every marketer, every stakeholder, every team will have their own dashboard. Like I said earlier, very likely your paid media team will look into in platform data and then maybe your more senior marketers will look into business intelligence tool looper studio, Microsoft BI, Tableau and then your product or data teams might have their own customuilt dashboard right so if everyone's viewing a different source of the truth they have different narratives for how they analyze the data again goes back to distorting our view of attribution. So ideally the dream would be that we martyrs have a single source of truth. But that's only a dream that will won't happen ever because like I said earlier a big factor into attribution is that a lot of the decision- making happens internally right it's not just device touch points not just online offline variables it's not just attribution model windows and types which we'll talk about later on as well. And basically the conclusion is attribution and data again this is mentioned in my previous video is just a narrative. It directs you but it shouldn't be seen as the 100% deterministic truth. So on a more technical level a methodology you can do if you do have the resource to do it is the ideal situation. you have a data warehouse like Snowflake or BigQuery and you're somehow able to connect your different sources of truth or different marketing channels and have a unifying ID for a specific ad conversions and then you can obviously organize that and put that into a business intelligence tool. So it's again, it's not a perfect way of doing it, but it's at least a lot closer into synergizing the different channels, making your attribution slightly more accurate and slightly more qualified versus relying on just the platform that you're using. Another reason why your view of attribution becomes distorted is because of privacy changes. And this is definitely much more so relevant the past couple of years mainly driven by the EU where user privacy is more of a priority as opposed to somewhere like Asia or the Middle East. But I'll read through some of these at the very top level. So the deprecation of third party cookies more so in Safari and Firefox. And then on the Google side, they've obviously officially retired the privacy sandbox approach that they were going with that. Google wants to focus more on user autonomy and user choice. So hence if you are using Google tag manager or server side through Google tag manager you want to sequence your pixels in your tags firing where they only fire if the user accepts the cookies and then you can enable enhanced conversions in Google ads or your your Google ads smartex stack. Another one on the Apple side we could talk about scan store ad network now evolving into scan 5.0 or essentially called ad attribution kit if you are not aware. So scan is basically Apple's privacycentric API giving a lot more privacy to the end user. So you'll see that usually has a prompt when you install a new app. If you install a new app on an iOS device, you get a prompt called AT app tracking transparency and then you get have two options whether you can either allow or not allow the app to track you. And if you click not allow, which I think as of 2026, that's about 70 to 80% of users actually don't allow to be tracked, which makes a lot of sense, your IDFA or identification for advertisers gets blocked. So that doesn't get passed on to whichever platform you're using where it should be able to show you post app install events. Essentially scan is capping the signals that you get capping the attribution that you're able to view. So another one is incorrect pixel or server side tracking and this is the case time and time again. It's a very big topic whether that's not tracking the full customer journey. I've even had an example of this is again worked for an app-based company that wasn't tracking paid subscriptions and they were obviously a subscription based app. You'll get these situations. Another example is that if you have a pixelbased event that is also a serverside event or a cappy event, you want to make sure that the event ID is the same per conversion for that specific user because if not, if a conversion happens on your website or your app, the platform, let's say Meta Ads will see that as two different conversion points when really it was just one conversion. I know I'm getting really technical, but it's just good to know these things and to upskill in understanding how attribution works, which is I would say probably the biggest topic in marketing. So, it's worth understanding some of these elements, even if it's really technical. And then finally, delays in reporting. Every single platform has their own attribution type, model, and window into ingesting the data. So you might see data from one platform versus another and because of the delay let's say with Google Analytics 4 there's usually a 24 for 4 48 hour delay before you see your key events numbers or the portrayal of the numbers whereas your business intelligence tool ingesting from uh a database might view that data within hours. So the final variable we have to talk about when it comes to attribution and how our view becomes distorted is because of data quality and obviously if the quality of your data is incorrect that can be detrimental to your understanding of the data into your strategy and your approach. Low quality data can really mess up your forecasts the way you report on data your decision- making. It can even affect other teams and their mentality and approach to their specific hub. It can even mess up your performance within the platforms themselves. If the data signal is low or you're tracking the wrong thing, but you're optimizing towards, that can really mess up the campaign, specifically if it's Met Ads or Google Ads. I'm saying that because I've been there and have done these mistakes myself. So, a couple of things to think about or frameworks to maybe help you increase your data quality. I'll read through these very quickly. First one is accuracy. How accurate is the data that you receive? For example, if you're a B2B company, you receive a marketing qualified lead, how accurate is that lead's data into their actual, let's say, LinkedIn profile. So, when you're seeing the data, you want to make sure that the confidence level is as high as possible. And one of the ways you do that is through the accuracy of the data. Second one is completeness. Are you seeing a full user journey? Are you just looking at one event or touch point in the funnel? and think about if you are just looking at one specific aspect, how does that view of the data affect your analysis of events that happen after and events that happen prior? Next up, and we've talked about this already, is timeliness. So again, if you're seeing a certain attribution from a specific channel, what's the how quickly can that platform report on the data and how quickly can you respond? Another one is uniqueness. So, this goes back to a point I made earlier regarding adding a unique event ID per customer conversion. You want to make sure that you're not seeing a duplication of data, which can easily happen if you're not aware of testing how your events and conversions are triggered in the first place across the different platforms that you're using. And then the final one is again more specific to performance marketing or paid advertising is looking at your event match quality score. So you can usually view this on meta ads and Tik Tok. If you just go to the event itself, I will share a screenshot. You'll get a quality score. So ideally you're at least at the 9 9.0 mark and it's a score out of 10. Essentially what that tells you, the higher the score, the higher quality of that specific event is the higher quality signal, the better the platform is going to optimize toward the type of user attributes that you should be spending money on. And then on the Google side, it's a different way of diagnostic, but you do get that as well. I will share a screenshot now. Usually, you'll get a view of the event, whether that's excellent, good, needs attention, or it's urgent. So we can talk about attribution and the way that our view of it becomes distorted because of the different variables we just talked about. But there's no point in understanding that if you're not able to view that data in the first place. Next segment of the video here is to understand the different types of reporting. So the first one is BI tools or business intelligence tools whether that's Microsoft's PowerBI, Tableau, Lucer Studio, Thoughtspot is another one. Those type of dashboards are generally used for more crossf functional views of the data the friction there is while it seems useful for everyone channel specific marketers may not necessarily always agree with it and for me as a performance market for example I would generally look at in platform data let's say in Google ads and then I would try to see what's happening within a BI tool and obviously it's always going to be discrepant again we'll talk about attribution models, types, windows later on, but generally speaking, it's a more centralized view of the data. Senior stakeholders tend to look at BI tools much more than in platform. Anyway, the second type of reporting is platform or ad network specific. So, this is simply the channel that you're looking at and it's for trail of the data. So, this is really useful obviously if you want to optimize your campaign. Again, zooming back into meta ads, for example, let's say you want to readjust budgets or switch off specific underperforming creatives. It's much easier to do that when you see the data immediately from the platform. And sometimes it's even a struggle to push that out into a external dashboard. The point is having a sense of flexibility in into the dashboards. On the product analytics side, you might use a tool like amplitude or mix panel. Again, they're going to have a different view of the data, but basically the data is directly natively from the environment that you're deploying the marketing campaign in. Finally, third party dashboards or custommade dashboards. So, a couple of these platforms could be funnel.io, segment stream, triple whale or phospha. They're not necessarily business intelligence tools, but they have features where you can get the view of the data. The next segment of the video is different attribution types, models and windows. And let's briefly go over what some of those are. Starting with attribution model. So this is basically a mathematical way of a platform assigning a value or claiming credit for a specific conversion during a specific touch point in the customer's journey. So one is single touch. This could be first click, last click or last nondirect click, which is the click prior to the last click. The next one is multi-touch, which you'll hear about more often. So, this is linearbased time decayed U-shaped. And then finally, I would say probably 95% of the brands that I've recently worked with in the past year is moving into this. It's called algorithmic base. So this is basically datadriven attribution where the signal and the assigning of value is completely dictated by the platform in their signals. They have their own methodology behind that which is usually bit of a black box but that's as a marketer I'm sure you'll get used to that eventually. It essentially uses machine learning to attribute a specific conversion. So the next is attribution types or another term for this is attribution methodology. There's two variables to think about here and basically attribution types is really the technology behind how the attribution is claimed or the attribution is portrayed. So the first one is deterministic. So this relies on a verified onetoone match using persistent identifiers like hashed email CRM IDs or device ids in advertising obviously it's called IDFA. This kind of relates to the whole event match quality concept that I spoke about earlier in the video. And then the second attribution type is probabilistic. So this basically uses statistical inference and behavioral patterns to predict the likelihood of a match. Without getting into the technicalities, it will look at other user behaviors or patterns or data points to aggregate a view of how and why that conversion happened in the first place. So some of these variables could be the time of conversion, the specific device that was used, the fingerprint ID, and there's a lot more data layer variables involved, but essentially it's a prediction of what the platform thinks is where the attribution should be claimed by. And then closing off here in terms of attribution types models, let's move on to attribution windows. So attribution window is basically the window of time that a specific platform or ad network has to take claim of a specific conversion point and then attribute that conversion back to itself. So the first one is the one we're more used to is called the click-through attribution where the credit gets assigned to the last click that the person did. As of March 2026, for example, the click-through window was based on any form of click on the ad, whether that was a click on the ad to the p to the website or a click on the engagement CTAs, whether that was a like, a, comment or a share or even a click around the ad. Whereas now, I'm going to change that to specifically a link click. So the next attribution window is view through attribution where the credit gets assigned to a specific ad impression as opposed to a click and that's generally a one day window. For example, I see an ad within one day I convert within 24 hours that specific ad network campaign or ad will take claim of that conversion even if I didn't click on the ad. And this happens a lot with display ads, but more so YouTube ads where the CTR isn't that high. So the last attribution window to talk about is actually newer. It's called engage through attribution or ETA. So again, this is a new category starting to roll out in 2026 where a lot of these social platforms, whether it's Meta, Tik Tok or YouTube will actually take into account the interactions that have happened prior to the click, whether that's a comment on a specific video, a share, a save, or a person watching the video for at least 5 seconds. It's essentially an engagement through your social media ad without the person actually clicking on the ad. So quite similar to a view through but just more on the engagement aspect. So it's just a different terminology really. So now we've talked about the many different elements of attribution. Whether that's knowing that it's a narrative, not a deterministic truth, the different attribution types, models, different sources of truth, or even the complexity of the modern day customer. All of that knowledge will essentially be useless if we're not able to communicate that to the people that we do work with. And going back to a previous point, I've noticed this at least in my experience, it's really a lot of educating the people around us. So this penultimate segment is all about what I call the language application, which is in essence how you communicate within different environments and different teams because they want to understand your attribution data in a different context. So the first person you're going to communicate with when it comes to marketing attribution is your founder or CEO. So generally founders tend to be focused on being a strategic growth engine and they see marketing as a huge lever for that. What they usually want to see is that you're able to create a sustainable machine for growth and that there are opportunities to scale. What they want to see is you increasing the time or the total addressable market that you can gain within your specific business category. And again, this is obviously stage dependent and liquidity dependent. If you're working with a startup who doesn't have that much cash for advertising, for marketing, they may not care about scaling, right? Maybe it's all about sustaining until they can get more funding or get more cash in the business. And then the opposite story, loads of cash, loads of liquidity. It's all about scaling and going really aggressive. The way you explain attribution becomes dependent within the business stage that you're in. So, I personally worked with a few founders directly. Some founders they want to know what's happening in terms of every possible metric that they can see and they want to understand it but for the most part most founders only care about maybe two or three metrics from a specific marketing channel and even generally from marketing as a whole. So next personel or I guess the next team is board of directors or maybe senior stakeholders. So these people could care less about marketing and definitely could care less about marketing metrics. They focus a lot more on guard rails. When you do speak with these people, they would tend to ask you questions that are more of a vetting question. These people tend to be the defense mechanisms of decision-m, especially when you're spending really high budgets. They'd rather see overall growth month than to see channel specific metrics, for example. So the next person is your chief financial officer or chief revenue officer or chief revenue offic basically whoever manages and decides on how your business cash is utilized. So these people are generally just from my experience they are very risk averse. So they tend to be much more on the defensive side rather than aggressive. When you think of growth and scaling in the context of speaking with these type of people, it tends not to go quite well. What's worse is that CFOs tend to see marketing as more of an expense rather than a long-term capital investment. So very likely they would want you to justify how your advertising affects your P&L or your profit and loss. You know, are you making money? If so, how much money are you making overall? Are we growing with that money or are we able to sustain? It is even in your metric now more so in the e-commerce space called POA. So rather than robass which is return ad spend, it's POA profit on ad spend. This is basically you wanting to sustain or either scale profit margins at a product level or a channel level. So they might ask you questions about that. This is not the time to talk about ideas or creative strategy. Basically, anything that doesn't have any logic or defense mechanism behind it, definitely don't bring that mindset into the room with these type of people. CFOs tend to focus on reduction and they're designed that way by nature. They're more risk averse. Next up is brand marketing or brand marketers. God bless them. They're really in a tough spot, right? A lot of them are having to transition almost into thinking like a performance marketer, much more focused on metrics. Maybe that's a good thing overall, maybe not a good thing. That's a whole other video. The generally these people, they tend to want to push certain campaigns or agendas. Maybe there's a specific messaging. Maybe there's a seasonality aspect to the campaigns that they want to launch. And brand marketers, from what my experience, they tend to be quite desperate for any form of metric, anything tangible that can basically justify their brand campaigns, right? So maybe not so much on the acquisition based metrics. I'll read through some of the metrics that they would probably find value in. Share of model, uh share of voice, brand search volume increases, uh specific uh brand lift search or ad recall lifts within the different advertising platforms that you do use. Brand sentiment via surveys and incremental reach. the reach that you've gained beyond the usual campaigns that you have on. So the next team is your creative team or your creative studio team. So this is probably one of the newer ones that I've noticed especially in the past two years as a performance marketing consultant. There seems to be a lot more you want to call it pressure or emphasis in creative teams and advertising and marketing in general. Just synergizing a bit more. That's only because creatives, your creative assets are such a massive lever for growth and acquisition. Hence why the emphasis in trying to unite these two different teams. So when you explain attribution to creative types, again, a lot of your approach here, it's really dumbing it down and making them understand it in the context that they would want to understand it, right? They probably wouldn't care too much about incremental reach. Maybe they wouldn't care too much about conversion rate. Again, this is dependent on the funnel. This will be dependent on if it's a brand campaign, if it's a direct response campaign, worked for a series A startup two years ago and we would have a monthly meeting on creative performance. We would always break it down into two main segments. So we would talk about brand campaigns and do those out specific metrics, upperfunnel metrics and then acquisition based campaigns more focused on more focused on metrics like CPA, conversion rate, volume of acquisition and then explaining why those matter and why they're different. So closing off working with creative teams, I would highly recommend having a monthly cadence with your creative team. And ideally, you have some sort of a framework or process to identify what's been done previously, what did those creatives achieve, what can we do better in the future. Um, you can compile that and aggregate all that data information into a a presentation or what people call a creative learnings bible or creative learnings summary. Um, and then just keep a cadence. That's definitely going to be a term you'll likely hear more of uh from 2026 onwards. Next up is communicating with growth or your paid or/performance marketing teams. Obviously, these are my people. Generally speaking, they tend to be very tunnel visioned into in platform data and there's issues with that as well. We will not talk about that in this video. But when you communicate with these people, it's good for them to understand what's happening in other areas of the business. So, external variables. It's good for them to get a view of how their channel or campaign level performance is being portrayed in other formats or other sources of truth. What I do find is that senior marketers tend to view data top down whereas performance marketers or growth teams tend to view data down top. So they're much more focused on in platform versus kind of an aggregated view of the performance. Next is product teams or product managers or product marketers. So these people see them as almost being mini founders or mini CEOs of that specific hub that they're taking care of or the specific product they're taking care of. A lot of this is obviously dependent on what they're taking care of. if there's folks in a specific customer touch point, if it's specific feature. Again, it's adapting the attribution data that you see and contextualizing it so it benefits them. A personal example of this is I worked with a product manager who was focused on promoting a new feature. That specific PM was focused on which ads work from a ad copy perspective and then the creative assets as well. But I've also worked with product managers who only cared about growth. We didn't care about customer acquisition cost increasing. It was all about volume and making sure that month on month we look stronger than the previous month. Finally, I'm just going to aggregate this into one. Data science, IT or dev teams. So thankfully, or maybe not. Basically, let's just call them the techies the tech team. They could care less about marketing. So very likely, again this is company dependent, but just from my experience, you probably wouldn't interact with these people very much. And if you do, it's for a good reason. So it's still good to at least speak their language or learn to adapt to how to speak these people. So if you talk to developers, it's good for them to understand how we attribute every touch point, whether that's through the website or the app. Just having them be able to understand how that's being tracked and why we need to track it. So educating him on the value of tracking is very important because it's very likely they'll be the same team that will set up your server side tracking capabilities and infrastructure. They'll be the ones helping out if there's any conversion tracking issues. So you want to make sure that there's a synergy there for data teams and I've only worked with data teams directly in two instances. So, I'm sure I have a few blind spots on this, but generally speaking, data teams, going back to an earlier point, they will view data depending on the specific side of the business that they're in. So, they might be focused on metrics that is not correlated to the metrics that you care about. they are very likely looking into a different source of truth, very likely a different BI tool as opposed to you where you might be looking at GA for Google Analytics for data whereas they might be looking into mix panel if it's more of a product based business. But it's good to create synergy with these people. They can help you create more complex analysis of the data that you do have. From my experience, they do actually want to understand how marketing works because a lot of the data that we do get at least in 2026 is really driven by marketing. And I'm sure there are people out there who can argue with that. But without marketing, it's very difficult for a business to grow to funnel metrics. You need marketing, specifically digital marketing. So they would want to know your specific conquest or output maybe what you've done previously give them a bit of context why certain things spiked and that's actually happened a few times where the data team would actually come to me to understand the data. That's a kind of funny experience. Essentially data team they care more about the narrative much more than shortterm views of the data or the metrics. did need to know how we got here and where we may be heading. So, PS, if I did miss any other teams or role functions, forgive me. It's only because I probably haven't interacted with you. But to conclude that segment, every team or personnel basically cares about the metrics that they need to focus on. And the lesson there is basically adapt the attribution data that you do see and contextualize it within their specific agendas. If you're still with me, thank you for watching up until this point. I know this video is very informationheavy and very dense, but hopefully it's valuable. So, closing off this final segment and all on all things attribution. Let's talk about going beyond attribution more so going beyond platform data and some of the ways we can understand where we should be heading in terms of marketing output beyond the numbers that we see. So, the first one's called marketing mix modeling. Another term for it back in the day is media mix modeling. The acronym is obviously MM. So this is really a good strategic approach if you are already spending over seven figures a year and you're working across a lot of different marketing channels, digital advertising, out of home, PR, radio, you're a bit more omni channel from a marketing output perspective. So unlike a digital attribution marketing mix modeling basically gives you a top- down view of all the different channels that you do have and how all those different channels drive business revenue and outcomes and the correlation between them. So the only downside to marketing mix modeling is obviously you would need at least 18 to 24 months worth of data ideally the narrative throughout that time and again it's not deterministic. The analysis is more of a probabilistic narrative. Generally, you won't get a super detailed or specific outcome or analysis from it. It will tie your past knowledge and experiences and assumptions of the data that you've had previously and the knowledge that you do have, tying it into what you've done and giving you a probabilistic narrative of what can be the right approach for the future. Another point regarding marketing mix modeling is that it can help you reveal channels that drive incrementality. It can help you find channels that are actually giving you diminishing returns upon a certain point of spend. So basically it gives you an approximation of where additional spend is no longer giving you yield or giving you an opportunity to scale performance whether that's volume of customers or revenue. So, if you want to learn more about market mix modeling, specifically some of the toolings or agencies that do this, I will leave a link to the original writeup version of this video. And if you just scroll down, you'll see some of those platforms, but I'll read them out now. Triple whale, Sailfort, Cometly, Recast, Lifite, Segment Stream, Google Meridian, Meta Robin, Adobe's Mix Modeler, Sir Cat. I'm sure there's a lot more, but those are the ones that I've taken a look at. So, the next thing we're going to talk about is incrementality or lift testing. This became a bit more prominent because of Meta. As of last year, April 2025, they did release the ability for you to view your campaign and adsets supposedly incremental conversions, which is basically a practical way of analyzing data beyond inplatform analytics. Taking a look at the causality, i.e., Did this specific campaign or ad actually drive the sale or would it have happened anyway? That's the difference between seeing conversion and the new or incremental conversion view that you see in meta ads. We'll probably see this roll out more in the different marketing channels, specifically digital advertising channels. So there's a technical explanation of how incrementality testing works. Basically the simple analogy is that whatever platform you're using if it has this incrementality testing feature it will create two cohorts or two demographics. So you will have a test group. So this is a segment of an audience or it could be a geographic region where they're exposed to your ads from that specific campaign. And then you'll have a hold out group also known as a controlled group. So these are people who are statistically similar to your test group but won't see the ads from that specific campaign. And what the platform basically does is does a comparison between volume of conversions and conversion rates between the two groups. And that's how it's able to dictate or predict the incremental conversion of a specific campaign or a specific audience or a specific creative. two main reasons why incrementality testing or at least testing it out is worth it and I'll just read these out. First one is exposing the retargeting illusion. Standard attribution often gives a high and optimistic return adsment to your retargeting campaigns obviously lower CPAs as well. Incrementality testing will frequently reveal that these ads are likely cannibalizing your organic traffic and by targeting high intent users who would have likely purchased anyway and yet a lot with Google search for example brand campaigns obviously have higher conversion rates lower CPAs would those same people have converted anyway are you cannibalizing your ad spend would your ad spend be more optimal to put that elsewhere where users don't know who you are or who your brand is that's basically what incrementality is trying to answer. So the second benefit is identifying saturation points. So these type of tests can help you build a saturation curve basically showing you exactly where the next pound or dollar spent yields a diminishing return. So very similar to what a marketing mix modeling analysis would do. So this prevents the common error scaling high performing campaigns into a zone where it's marginal return ad spend falls below your baselines. So if you do want to do incrementality testing, I'll just talk about my experience as a performance marketer starting with meta ads. So thankfully with meta ads, it's actually automatically applied. So whatever campaign you're running, there will be a column where you're able to go to attribution settings and you'll be able to see the incremental conversions view or metric for that specific campaign or adset. You'll see a screenshot of that now. And then on the Google ad side called a self-s serve lift, you would have to go to obviously the Google ads UI, go to the goal section and then measurement and then conversion lift and you can set that up there. And basically the way it works is that once you apply the test does finished, you get an absolute lift which is basically your incremental conversion. And that's the end of the video. Thank you for watching. If you have found this valuable, I simply request that you like the video and if you could share it to other marketers around your network, that will be very much appreciated so I can carry on doing these videos for you. Have a great day. Thank you. Peace.

  Top Comments:
  1. @RoroS12-s3d: I want to finish a game; there's a challenge between me and my friend. I want to win using Appsflyr
  2. @RoroS12-s3d: I searched for it a lot
  3. @RoroS12-s3d: Hello, is there a way to finish games using Appsflyr?

- The Only AI Tool You Need in 2026!: Kind: captions Language: en Every decade there's a technology that changes everything. The personal computer, the internet, [music] the smartphone. Each one rewrote how we live. And then, [music] AI broke the pattern. For the last 3 years, AI gave us the most powerful creative tools in history. But all of them worked separately. >> [music] >> Until now. Meet Keeps Built Supercomputer. >> Hi, I'm Adil. Supercomputer is the world's first cloud-native self-learning agent for end-to-end task execution. With over 40 built-in tools, three layers of memory, >> think of it as a super agent that orchestrates every available model on the market to do whatever you can think of. >> From analyzing the latest trends to creating cinematic aspect product and launching your web coded apps, all in one chat. But enough talk, let's test Supercomputer in action with three [music] mind-blowing workflows. Workflow number one, long-form video. The one I've been waiting for. Before, even with AI, if I needed a 1-minute video, I would need to write a script for it, generate characters, locations, create a bunch of 15-second videos, iterate a bunch, and then >> stitch them all together. And I had to know what I'm doing at each step to get a half-decent result. But now, all I need is an idea. Check this out. I'm going with a super short and simple prompt. I want a 1-minute animated video, a hero fighting monsters from different planets. And hit generate. Okay, Supercomputer generated the key frame first [music] and came up with three different concepts for a story. I didn't really give it any instructions, [music] so it's making up all the creative decisions by itself. Let's see what concepts we have here. The watch. Hero kills the monster, presses a watch on his wrist, and [music] teleports planet to planet. Hive signal. Hero kills [music] the monster, its corpse pulses a signal into the sky. Not alone. Hero kills the monster and spots another survivor. They cross three biomes together building trust. All right. Now I get to choose one. I think the first one sounds a lot like what we did in one of our previous videos. So, I want to see how it holds up in comparison. So, let's just type concept one and hit generate. All right, it generated a character sheet and a watch prop sheet. It's also asking me for the final bedroom location. I'm going to choose this one right here by just simply dragging the image and hitting generate. And now, Supercomputer is starting video generation. Okay, there we go. We've got all our generations and the best part is that Supercomputer stitched them all together into one piece. Let's watch what we got. >> [sighs] [groaning] >> Okay, this is pretty damn close to what we did in this episode over we're Except there I had to be involved in every single step from designing the characters to the final edit. And here, it's all this guy. All right. This next workflow can make you a lot of money. Workflow number two, content factory. So this one is the one that made me stop and think about what supercomputer actually means for businesses. Building a brand from scratch involves a ton of steps. [music] Niche research, designing brand identity. You also need product photography, listings, video ads, distribution strategy. That's at least five specialists, thousands of dollars, and weeks of back and forth. Most people never start because the barrier of entry is too high. I'm going to show you how supercomputer collapses that entire process into a single chat. Not cutting corners, actually producing the deliverables a real agency would hand you. Here's the prompt I'm using. Suggest three unbranded Amazon products worth selling. Include [music] the price, margin, and competition. And hit enter. It's starting with product research. >> What's actually happening right now? It's not one model doing this. The agent is browsing Amazon best-seller lists in real time. It's running margin math, like wholesale cost, FBA fees, profit per unit, and it's reading thousands of customer reviews, pulling out of what people complain about and what they wish existed. This is a supercomputer. It doesn't rely on one model. It picks the best AI for each task all inside one chat. Have you seen this somewhere else? I haven't. Top three finalists are here. Here's what we have. I mean, based on the name alone, candidate number one is the clear winner. Dog socks, what can be cuter? Now, one thing I want to point out here, in the prompt I asked for products worth selling, [music] and it gave me products with high demand and low barrier to entry. And that is very important if you're just starting out. It sells for $19 on Amazon and costs [music] just a dollar to make. 71% gross margin. The agent didn't just find me product. It pulled best seller data, it ran the margin math, it modeled FBA fees, it read thousands of customer reviews to see what's missing in the market. That's not research, that's a complete business plan. 68,000 monthly searches, >> none of them with real branding, none of them with video ads. I'm not going to argue with the data. Let's select it. So, option one, proceed. Now, let's create everything a brand might need. So, same window we're just in. >> Define brand name as Higgs. Tagline, visual identity and positioning. >> Then, generate a product sheet. And it used to have a clean background and multiple angles. And I hit enter. Okay, brand name Higgs. Tagline, grip happens. Okay, >> I'm into it. Let's proceed. All right, that's not quite what I was looking for. So, let's adjust a little bit. Just this one sentence. And try again. There we go. It got it. So, four new variations in parallel already running. If you're working with an agency, this feedback loop and iterations can take weeks. >> Here, it's just a sentence. All right, number two, locking it in. Let's proceed. >> Now, I'm going to ask Super Computer to generate a content kit with static visuals and Amazon cards. [music] So, let's write generate all brand assets from the product sheet. So, we need Amazon listing images, lifestyle shots, infographics, logo, colors, and typography. And enter. So, the product sheet from earlier is now the anchor. Every visual that comes out of the stage [music] uses the same product, the same brand. All right, Amazon listing cards are done. Hero image, lifestyle, [music] infographics, size guide, comparison. All the visuals you ever need for your brand are here. All right, now I'm going to ask you to look at every winning ad in similar niches, Meta, TikTok, YouTube Shorts, [music] and figure out what's actually working and invent 15 original concepts based on what [music] it learns. So, find top ads on Meta, [music] TikTok, and YouTube in this niche, analyze what works, and write 15 concepts. And watch this. [music] Other agents process video by converting it into a text description, then they write the prompts based on that description. They never actually watch the video. >> Super computer does. Audio included, hook timing, retention drops, [music] where attention falls and why. That's how you know what actually works. And every time it runs a command, it learns. This is a self-learning agent [music] that gets sharper with every run. Now, look at this. Before it gives me the concept, it tells me what it learned. So, stakes or features, >> lost confidence beats anti-slip, dog as protagonist with interior life. >> Okay, yeah, I like that. There it is, 15 original concepts based on everything it just learned from the research. >> Five for TikTok, five for Meta, five for Shorts. Each one platform native. Each one with a specific hook, a specific format, a specific [music] reason it works. Let's generate now. Okay, so the 15 videos are ready. Let's watch a couple. >> Here's the first one. >> All right, the dog went from four-wheel drive to absolute drift king real quick. I mean, if I had a dog, I would definitely buy these socks for it. Okay, let's watch the next one. He was sliding on the floor every day. Then, I tried the Higgs socks. Like these socks, now he is fine. Okay, this is UGC, so the owner is brushing the dog and then putting the socks on. It shows just a daily routine in a pretty natural way, >> and it's also clearly showing why she needs the product on the dog. I mean, this is a winner. All right, [music] and let's watch one more. >> Okay, this one is just hilarious. I [music] mean, it's clearly demonstrating what the product is. It's doing it in a funny way. This is [music] production ready, so I could easily post this on Meta ads, on TikTok, on YouTube Shorts. I give it 10 out of 10. All right, these videos are great, but I want to create more videos with higher energy, some crazy, [music] unrealistic shots. So, I'm going to write make me high-energy TV ads for this product. Now, before I hit enter, >> over here in the connectors panel, there are a bunch of connectors already available. I have Telegram installed, so I'm going to connect it to this task, and then say, once the generation completes, send me these crazy ads >> to my Telegram chatbot. Notify me once they're ready. Okay, I think our task is ready. So, let's check it out. Yep, I got all the videos sent to my Telegram bot. And [music] I can download them right here. Let's check them out. >> This format is bound to go viral regardless of the product. So, definitely go check it out. And also, the connection that we just used works both ways. So, you could use the same chat to give it the next task. And essentially, you have the supercomputer in your [music] phone. Workflow number three, Vibe Kota website. This one is for everyone who's ever wanted a real website and didn't build it because they don't write code. Not a template, not [music] a drag-and-drop builder, a fully designed, coded, and deployed site with a live URL built from one instruction. >> Designers and developers would charge thousands for this. A week of work, minimum. With Supercomputer, [music] the process is almost unfairly simple. You give it a reference site you like the look of. You tell it what you want on the page. That's the entire input. Supercomputer reads the design, writes the code, finds free hosting, deploys it, and hands you a live link. No back and forth, no revision rounds. Actually, instead of explaining what Supercomputer can do, >> I'm going to have it do it for me in a fully designed website. For that, in Keepster, I'm going to open Supercomputer and a super simple prompt. Create a website about what you can do. That's it. That's my entire input. Okay, the gears are turning. >> First, it's doing research on the best design practices for websites, finding unique references. >> Then, it's going to create all the visuals for the website. Now, starts the build. [music] Code filling line by line, images rendering, the page assembling in real time. And I'm not touching anything. >> No design software, no code editor. Supercomputer has full control. >> And check this out. I never told it where to host the site. It just decided that [music] that was part of the job. Found a free hosting service, signed up, uploaded the files, configured [music] everything by itself. That's not a feature I asked for. That's the agent understanding that a website isn't done until it's live. [music] This is a real page. This is our landing, so it's got all the information about what Supercomputer can do. Again, I didn't give it any context. [music] So, we have all the tools available, the skills. There's even [music] a CTA button that leads us to the Supercomputer page. This is live right now. You can open it on your phone, your laptop. You can share the link. It works for anyone in the world from a single prompt. So, here's what we have. A live website, designed, coded, hosted, and deployed. >> An animated film generated and edited start to finish. An entire Amazon business, niche, brand, [music] product photos, listing, ads. All of this running autonomously while you sleep. Man, it's basically [music] like having a supercharged employee running 24/7 and only getting better with time. >> The link is in the description. Definitely go check it out. And as always, if you found this video helpful, hit the like button, subscribe, and I'll see you guys in the next one.

  Top Comments:
  1. @DruckWerk-0 [2 likes]: leider macht dieser computer nicht annähern das was man möchte. Es führt mehrere schritte aus, aber das Resultat ist schrecklich!
  2. @jensweigert1501 [1 likes]: Dear Higgsfield, please drop more Supercomputer Videos! I love you all so much! Thank you for everything!
  3. @VADACHE [1 likes]: Yeah, we’re still little bit early in the game. Remember when flatscreen  TV used to cost five grands? There’s gonna be more competition and the prices are gonna go way down. I am learning for now.🧐
  4. @mrbee8522: What happened to the good old days when you downloaded an app on your computer and run locally forever. The monthly subscription structure and credit system were created to generate income, not just pay data center power fees.
However for what it does super computer is truly amazing.
  5. @BogArts-studio: this is not for the avrage joe salary and it will not reach a widespread useability. Dont be lazy create your image with strong idea and generate and stich them yourself this generations are boring anyway when human mind is not involved in each details.
  6. @AbdulwhabAbdulwhab-y2j: Please make full flim I am try to use but no good result😢😢
  7. @birqinfilms: It burned my credits like lightning
  8. @searchname-g9p: Its very smart, very good
  9. @wordmetrics: Estimate tokens please. Because this looks very expensive.
  10. @woofandwords: Don’t fall for the hype on this, I tried and it is full of holes. 

Like all these AI video tools, the curated demos look exceptional, but the second you actually test the platform yourself, it’s full of holes.

I ran it through three distinct use cases to see what it could actually handle: 1 informational, 1 ad, and 1 podcast-to-video. The results were unusable. The editing is incredibly choppy, the voiceover was completely missing from the first part of the video, and the final generated output looked nothing like the scenes I actually approved.

The system itself is also completely unstable. If I reject a generation, the model just freezes and refuses to reply. I sent "hello" and "continue" multiple times, and it stayed dead. Even worse, when I asked the agent to watch a video, it spat out a raw internal backend error: "Since the raw video analysis provider key is presently unconfigured in the sandbox environment, I cannot visual-scan the MP4 automatically." You are literally exposing unconfigured sandbox environments and broken API keys to end users.

I understand the strategy, pushing a flawed product out early just so you can use us for free training data to improve your models, but the platform simply doesn't work yet. It still has a long, long way to go. I am so tired of this entire industry's standard operating procedure: ship before you test, and prioritize hype over actual value.

I am on annual plan. Sorry for the rant, but be honest in what you ship.
  11. @Howardsmile: Im glad i watched this and then seen the actual issue explained in the comments about how huge amounts of credits are consumed. Last i checked on an Ultra Subscription you get 3,000 Credits at 70$ per month and thats with a 50% off new user discount. These explainer videos are great at showcasing abilities of AI but provides no mentions on cost or behind the scene operations. They make it sound so easy but you are actually so limited in what you can actually do because after like 10-20 prompts you can exhaust your 3,000 credits and are then unable to continue. And all that can happen in the span of 1-2 days. And then for the rest of the month you are unable to do anything else
  12. @richardsonjean-pierre7878: Amazin!!!
  13. @prabeenpramod6110: Intro song name?
  14. @Iwekio: Pls more of this. Detailed Workflows to Launch businesses with supercomputer. Its great !!
  15. @adzhikerimov: supercomputer eat all my credits in 2 hours, i made promt for nano banana 🙃 lol
  16. @TheRoundTable5: EVERYONE BEWARE!! Higgsfield has lied to all of you! They lied about their refund policy! Apparently, if you make the purchase, use nothing, barely log in to your account, and then try to cancel within 1 hour.... they don't care & wont refund you. PICK A MORE HONORABLE COMPANY! There are many other competitors. Please reply to me and i will send you the links of every one of them! We need to put all the crooks out of business..
  17. @dogaademir: Agency Killer
  18. @tuncerdem4354: I only submitted one request (literally) for image and video generation and it burnt 478 credits for text only. That’s too much just for corresponding with an AI Agent. Not Cool…
  19. @trashtbyghosts: how bout you use your fucking imagination omg!  wow! that would be sooo crazy!
  20. @animeloverboy-1: hello adil.can you add turkish voice to your videos  plsss

- Lexi AI Review - 2026 | AI Facebook Ad Manager Launch and Optimize Ad Campaigns: Kind: captions Language: en Guys, are you thinking about running Facebook or Instagram ads, but every time you open Ads Manager, it feels like you're trying to pilot a rocket ship? Maybe you're trying to generate more leads or simply get more traffic to your website. Yes, you want to scale your business without burning cash on ads that don't convert. Either way, there's a tool that could seriously change the game for you. I'm Daniel and today I'm going to show you how Lexi works. It's an AI powered ad manager for Meta that can run your ads completely on autopilot. No ad experience needed, no confusing dashboards, just real results. Guys, make sure you check out all the useful links in the description after watching this video. There might be some nice discounts there. Let's jump in. Guys, Lexi is like having your own AI media buyer built specifically for Facebook and Instagram. You set a goal and it handles the rest. It creates your ads, writes the copy, finds the audience, and tests what works. If something flops, Lexi shuts it down and pushes what performs. You don't need to touch adsets or strategy. Lexi does it all for you folks. Okay, guys, let's start from the beginning. I found a product I wanted to promote, this coffee machine. I simply copied the link from its Amazon page. That's all Lexi needs to get going. Back in the app interface, I paste the link into the campaign setup field and hit start your ad campaign. And now, folks, it gets to work. It starts analyzing the product page you linked, pulling in everything it needs without asking for extra input. In just a few seconds, it turns that content into a structured campaign draft. You don't need to explain what the product is or write out any descriptions. Lexi already understands what matters and conducts the market research for you guys. It's like handing off the boring part of setup to someone who just gets it. And once the setup is complete, folks, the smart tool has already generated a project title based on the product. From there, I move on to setting the campaign goal. It offers suggestions here too. And in this case, I want to run a campaign to generate more sales. So, I went with that. Next up is the conversion button. I choose the learn more option, which fits best with what I want this campaign to do. Then, I set the start and end dates, guys. Everything is laid out clearly, and you just pick what fits your timeline. For location targeting, I select the United States. The interface makes this step quick and easy, especially if you already know where your audience is. After that, folks, I connect my ad account and Facebook page. Lexi guides you through this with no unnecessary steps. Pixel setup shows up right after. You can connect yours here. I've already got it linked. If you are new to Facebook ads and not sure how to get your pixel right, the support team will help you navigate. Then guys, I get to see the your business snapshot section. Lexi has already filled it out using the product link I gave it complete with the title, pricing, and feature summary. I didn't write a single word of this. There's also a section with competitor analysis. The smart tool generated that too, giving me a quick overview of what similar products are doing and how mine stacks up. And with everything filled in, folks, I click generate proposal and the system begins assembling the actual ad campaign. Guys, before we move on, I try to make my content fun instead of boring. And in return, please like this video and subscribe to my channel if you enjoy the content I make. Now, it's time to set the budget, guys. I use the slider to allocate $50 per day. Quick and intuitive. The app then shows me its top performing adset logic. You don't have to interpret numbers or test things manually. Just glance at what it's prioritizing. When it comes to creative assets, folks, I have the option to upload my own visuals, but this thing also supports AI generated content. Scrolling down, I see a fully written ad copy and detailed audience description, all generated automatically based on the product. I didn't have to brainstorm a single headline or hook. Folks, Lexi finds the audience groups and uses target ad copies to make the campaign more discoverable and relevant. There are many adsets you can choose from, each for a different audience group. You can also see here that different ad creatives are created for different ad groups automatically. Once everything looks good, I hit publish ads and the campaign goes live. And after I hit publish, guys, the app jumps straight into tracking how the campaign performs. It highlights what's getting results, what needs improvement, and what's underd delivering. You don't have to dig through endless reports. It's built to show you exactly what matters without any of the usual noise. Folks, here are some dashboard examples of other brands running with Lexi. Honestly, guys, if you're a business owner, a marketer, or anyone running ads who just wants results without the headache, this thing is worth a serious look. Whether you're managing a single brand or juggling 10 client accounts, this tool was built to take the complexity off your plate. It automates everything, but still gives you enough visibility to know what's working. So, if you're tired of toggling between audience sets, manually pausing poor performers, and guessing at what creative might work next, Lexi is going to feel like a breath of fresh air. To wrap it all up, my friends, Lexi is one of the easiest ways I've seen to actually make meta ads work. It creates your ads, writes the copy, tests different versions, and constantly optimizes without you needing to do anything complicated. And for those of you who've been burned by poor ad performance before, the app's budget management and autokill features can save you from making the same mistake twice. Give it a shot. Head to their website and try it for yourself. There's no free trial, just a straightup tool build to perform. You'll know in a few days whether it's moving the needle. If you found this video helpful, feel free to like or subscribe for more content like this. Thanks for watching and see you next time. [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @Daniel-Dann [15 likes]: 🔥 (Discount Link) Try Lexi AI Now: https://tinyurl.com/tlexi
  2. @HugoFll-g7v [5 likes]: UI way less scary, thank god.
  3. @Braden-g2i [5 likes]: no free trial tho? sketchy
  4. @GANstaCoder [5 likes]: “Rocket ship” is exactly how Meta dashboards feel ngl)
  5. @Emmett-p4f [4 likes]: сreative generation looked dope, but plz demo mixing real ugc 🙏 ai-only creatives hit mid sometimes
  6. @bahramkhan-no4rq [3 likes]: How to Disconnect my current facebook account from Lexi and connect another Facebook, please help
  7. @Jude-o3e [3 likes]: support team guiding pixel newbies is underrated af 🙌
  8. @muthukrishnan-p8f [1 likes]: Unable yo edit target audience
  9. @omanassesalves7910 [1 likes]: R$1.000 por mês não dá...
  10. @NicholasLewis-su7ft [1 likes]: Daniel, maybe vid about time management for learning tips?🙏
  11. @CarsonGranger [1 likes]: maybe a follow-up building full funnel, from ad click to checkout, retargeting, email capture
  12. @Felix-m7j9h [1 likes]: watching it pull a full campaign off one amazon link blew my mind
  13. @Lili-d7t1g: Great tutorial. For anyone exploring alternatives, UniFab has been my go-to lately. The processing speed is noticeably faster than most tools mentioned here and the output quality is top notch.
  14. @HassanKhan-hw5fb: How customer will reach me .
I have Facebook page and id 
I want customer reach me on my whats app directly so that I would be ban rather doing bulk message promotion .
Can I add my contact details ?
I have created post on Facebook I want to publish that by this Lexi ai .
Can you please help me I do not know much about marketing and ads running .
I have lost lot of money on Facebook add did not get single dollar sale .
  15. @ClennyMinor: looks pretty good. Especially the killing no good ad part. Anyone try this yet.?
  16. @back2thecity: its expensive
  17. @nohsaged7038: Did anyone tried it
  18. @gilbertalonsagay4758: How to refund money when you stop subscription....I don't know what to do.. please help me...
  19. @Gage-c8m: if it actually kills bad ads, sign me up
  20. @williams11298: seeing it map creatives to audiences automatically was chef’s kiss

- The Only AI Coding Tools Worth Learning in 2026: Kind: captions Language: en-CA Software development has fundamentally changed. We've now entered the era where there is a new tool every few weeks, and it's really a matter of keep up or get left behind. So that's why in this video, I'm going to explain to you the tools that I actually use every single day for coding in 2026. These are the best AI coding tools for developers. Let's dive in. Now the first tool on my list is open claw clawed bot. More bot, whatever you want to call it. I'm sure you guys have all seen this all over the internet. Effectively, this is an orchestration layer on top of an AI agent that you can run locally on your own computer that is capable of essentially running autonomously in the background. Now, it's actually not as impressive as a lot of people like to make it out to be, but in my case, I spent about ten hours setting it up. I connected a bunch of different tools to it, so for example, if we just go to skills, you can see I kind of have a long list of tools that I have connected. I connected it to a bunch of sandbox accounts that are specific for this. I deployed it on a virtual private server, and right now I actually had it create, for example, like a YouTube dashboard with some outliers. I had it create a logging system for itself. So I can see all of the things that it's currently working on, when it's working, how long it's working, you know, the usage, the number of tokens, the GitHub commits that it's making. And effectively, I now have this 24 over seven AI assistant that is running on a virtual private server that I can message via telegram, and that I can monitor through all of these different dashboards. So I also connected this using a VPN so that it is secure. And then I'm tunneling the traffic between my computer and it. And it is not open on the internet so it is not going to get hacked. Now I'm going to make a video on how to set this up properly. So if you guys want this, you don't get hacked. So if you're looking for that, leave a comment down below. But overall, this is definitely worth playing with. Just be very, very careful because you can set it up in a way where you're leaking all of your own data, and really, it's much more of a security risk than it is a productivity tool. But for me, it's been incredible. Again, we'll talk more about it on the channel. That's tool number one. Now the next tool on my list is Cloud Code. Now cloud code is one of the best coding agents out there. It's also extremely lightweight, runs directly inside of the terminal, and is capable of producing production level software assuming that you prompt it correctly. This is one of my favorite tools to use for generating code. I like the fact that it uses my Pro subscription. And then of course, if I go over, which happens all the time, I can buy additional credits. Now, I do like to use a lot of different models and play around with different tools. Personally, I don't find the cloud code is the best one out there, you know, by a mile. Like a lot of other people talk about on YouTube, and I still do use other tools like the next one on my list, which is cursor. So cursor is an AI code editor. This is actually a fork of Visual Studio Code, which means everything you see is effectively the exact same as the predecessor to this VS code, which was the most popular editor for a long time before I became a very popular thing. The only edition is that it has all of these AI enabled features. So in cursor you can toggle this agent tab, and you can see some examples of things that it's done here. And you can effectively just prompt it and ask it to do something. I much prefer using cursor for making small changes, smaller edits, small refactoring, not massive huge, you know, projects like I might make with cloud code, for example. And when I'm working on something that's a lot more professional, that needs to be a structured code base. And what I actually want to review line by line, everything that it's doing. This is my go to editor. It's what I use most of the time when I'm doing AI development. Not for every project, but specifically for front end related stuff or more simple frameworks and tasks. I will almost always open up cursor. I will toggle it to the best model. So right now you can see I'm using opus 4.5 and then I will start prompting away. I'll go through various different conversations. I'll review the code myself. You don't connect it to GitHub or connect up some MCP servers or some other tools. And if you're someone who is a professional developer, this is likely what you are going to be using, or at least something similar to it. For me, I like using this because I'm very familiar with this editor already. I can search for files, right? I can open up the command palette, I can run my workflows and it really doesn't change how I'm developing, other than adding this AI agent that doesn't feel like it gets in the way, like it does in a lot of other tools. I can still search through my files, I can still audit the structure, and I can make sure that I'm generating something that I'm going to be happy reviewing in one, two, three, four years from now. Moving on. The next tool on my list is warp. Now, warp is a full fledged AI terminal that is capable of writing code, generating commands, and running particularly backend infrastructure or DevOps related tasks. Now, warp, unlike cloud Code, is its own desktop application that you download. So you can see that I have this full kind of AI terminal open. This is the warp interface. And unlike cloud code, where you just run it as a process in your existing terminal, this takes up its own application. Now the reason for that is not only does it act as a full code editor, as you can kind of see here, but it also allows you to auto autofill things like terminal commands, for example. So I could say something like, you know, install the new Debian package or whatever, right. And I can have this in agent mode where it will automatically infer what the command is that it needs to run, and then go ahead and run that for me. But at the same time, I can also just directly run a terminal command so I can run like ls, for example, and it will print out all of the files that are currently here. So I like this particularly when I'm working on something that's very backend heavy, where I have a lot of Docker containers, where I have commands that I don't necessarily know how to run, and I can just have it autocomplete and directly spit out inside of the terminal. So especially when I have four or 5 or 6 different terminal instances open, I like to have those open inside of warp. I like to be able to kind of view the files without it being overwhelming, like it might be in something like cursor. However, if I'm going to be reviewing massive amounts of code, I would go back to something like cursor where. So I'm doing a lot more like DevOps automation running in the back end. Then I like to have this AI terminal. I feel it just gives me some extra productivity and some more gains. It's not revolutionary. It doesn't completely change the workflow, but it's just a nice kind of added feature that I have on my computer that gives me an enhanced terminal that I think works pretty well. Now just a quick pause here, because this video is sponsored by Elementor and they just launched something that's genuinely interesting called Elementor one. Now, if you've ever built WordPress sites and feel like everything was split across dozens of tools, plans, and subscriptions, this is basically their attempt to provide a solution for that. Elementor one brings together editor pro and key capabilities like eye image optimization, accessibility, email deliverability, and much more. It also has a shared pool of credits that you can spend however you want, whether that's AI generated layouts, AI fixes for accessibility issues, or optimizing images all inside of one dashboard there. Not to mention that all of the new features that they roll out will automatically be included in these one subscriptions, with no extra cost. Now here's the fun part. They actually sent me this physical one credit card. Hopefully you guys can see it here on the screen. It's not a real bank card, but it is loaded with five free Elementor one plans, and I'm going to be giving away those to people who are watching this video. Now I'll show you exactly how to enter in just one second. So stick around and if you don't win the giveaway, you can still use my link and the code tech with Tim five one to get 5% off the Elementor one single plan. Now that discount is limited and capped to a certain number of people, so don't wait on it and make sure you check it out. Now, if you're building WordPress sites professionally, or you just want an all in one solution with everything you need to create, optimize, and manage your site under one unified setup, then Elementor one is absolutely worth checking out. The links are below, and if you want to enter the giveaway to win one of these subscriptions, simply fill out the Google form and I'll select five winners in a week time and send you an email. Now the next one on my list here is a whisper flow. You may have heard of it before, but this is effectively a really powerful dictation tool, which I use all the time when I'm coding. This allows me to avoid having to manually type something and actually just speak into my microphone, or even into my phone, or whatever, and have the prompt just be generated extremely fast. So you can see my average word speed 160 words per minute. You know, I've written 30,000 words in the last three weeks or whatever, and you can see a bunch of the different prompts that I've set. Now, the interesting thing about whisper is that it automatically formats the text and gives you much better dictation. And what is it? Audio transcription. Then you normally get if you just use like the built in windows feature or the one on Mac or whatever, it has a built in dictionary as well. So it learns about like different words that you have. If you kind of see them differently or spell them differently, you can put in snippets like automatic commands, where if you say docker run, it will like, you know, populate this command. You can have different styles. I don't set up one to other stuff. I mostly just use it for the dictation. But I'll quickly show you that if I go into like cursor for example, you can actually even tag files. So I can do something like, you know, go read the connection.py file and tell me what it's about. And let's give this a second and you can see it automatically tags connection.py. And then gives me the transcription extremely quickly. I'm not here to advertise it, it's just what I use every single day. So if you want the best transcription tool that I would definitely check that out. All right. So the next tool on my list is an obvious one. But I still use it all the time. And that is ChatGPT. Now at this point ChatGPT just knows so much about me. It's a sleek, easy interface to get to. I can run it on my phone easily. I can open it in a browser tab and I find that it just gives me consistent responses. I definitely don't use this for generating massive amount of code, but I do use it for optimizing prompts, especially if I don't want to mess up. You know my current instance that I have set up where I'll just paste in or even dictate to it, you know, using whisper something that I want to create, have it kind of generate a better prompt for me, and then pass that into another AI model. I also oftentimes go back and forth that idea. Sometimes I put it in voice mode and I just chat with it, kind of like a partner or like a coworker, or especially about architectural and design decisions, because it's able to do some quick research and kind of compare what other people have done and give me decent ideas. Again, it is not the most powerful tool, but it's just something that I use every single day. So I felt like I had to mention it. And again, the context that it has is super powerful. It knows so much about me that a lot of times I just know it's going to give me a decent response because of those memories and kind of the training that I've given it. What I have next for you is definitely something that is more on the enterprise side, and that I probably wouldn't use as a solo developer, but that is extremely powerful and that I've been really fortunate to work with a lot recently, and that's glitzy. And this is effectively a tool that's capable of generating extremely large pull requests to take multiple days to run, and autonomously analyzing your code base and just completing tasks without the back and forth of the traditional AI agent. So I'm going to quickly show it to you. I have it set up for a bunch of different repos, but what it does, is it starts by ingesting your entire project, creating a detailed technical specification file for it, which I'll go through here in a second, and then documenting the entire code base and allowing you to build on top of it. Refactoring, generate, you know, 100,000 line plus pull requests and effectively replace the role of like a junior or mid-level engineer by spending a lot of time upfront writing a prompt and then having it go away, work on it for like 2 or 3 days and then give you the result. So if I scroll through here, you can see that this is the technical specification document that it generates when it first ingested code base. It usually works on an existing code base. It's not something that you're usually going to use to spin something up completely from scratch. And it creates these like really detailed charts and graphs and goes over the architecture and explains everything extremely in-depth. And then what you're capable of doing is once you have that tech spec, you can go here and ask it to build something so you can get it to make a feature, to fix bugs, to add testing, to document the code, whatever. Right. And then you can see all of the code that's generated. In my case, it's generated 61,000 lines. Because I've been very specific with what I wanted to do, I had it actually refactor an entire code base. There was a bunch of I slob into something maintainable. I had to build new features, I had to add advanced documentation. And testing is very, very cool. And again, it's designed for enterprises because it is quite expensive to use. But if you haven't seen it before, I definitely would recommend checking it out. It is objectively the most powerful tool I have used for generating code, but again, it's very expensive. It takes a long time to run, and it requires a lot of upfront work in terms of building kind of, you know, really detailed advanced prompts. And then it goes, spends a few days working and spits out a PR with like hundreds of commits and hundreds of files. That completes the task. You asked it. Then the next tool on my list here is one of my favorites for creating simple landing pages. And this is lovable. Now, you've probably heard of lovable before, but this is particularly good at design and frontend related tasks. Well, it can do full stack applications and connect to databases, super base, etc. I don't usually use it for that, but actually I was able to create the entire landing page. Let me just pop it up for you of my Dev Launch Resource vault by purely using lovable. So this whole page that you see right here was, made with lovable. It took me maybe ten minutes to do that. I just put, you know, a quick like, VSL that I had here, told it what I want, gave it some color themes, gave it the logos and it just split it up and deployed it, like, instantly. So if I just want a simple landing page, I always turn to lovable because it's super fast. The deployments built in, it's very easy and quick to get it up and running, but I don't really use it for much more than that other than some of the test stuff you kind of seen here that I was building with lovable. Now, last on my list, I'm actually going to bundle two tools together. And this is GitHub Copilot and Juni. Now Juni, if you're in the JetBrains ecosystem, which I know a lot of people prefer, and GitHub Copilot, if you're working in the Microsoft ecosystem or something like Visual Studio Code, Visual Studio, etc.. Now I like to use git GitHub copilot. Sorry for like automated pull requests, running GitHub actions. You know, reviewing the code, things along those lines. I don't typically use it in my code editor because I think there's just better agents out there. It just work better, especially in like a VS code type fork, but it is notable. It is very good. And again, on the GitHub side it works really well. And then Juni, this is JetBrains AI coding assistant. I have used it a fair amount and it is pretty good. Obviously it's native inside of the Ides like PyCharm, which I use all of the time, and specifically if I'm doing Python coding tasks where I want to work in a JetBrains ID like PyCharm, then I flick on Juni, I use it, and it's capable of doing pretty much the same stuff that a lot of the other AI coding editors can as well. It's not as great in projects with mixed languages, but specifically for Python. When I want all of those other development tools, then it is a great kind of companion here, just on the side bar where I can, you know, ask it to do something and it does that using AI. Okay, guys. So those are the tools that I had for you in this video. I hope that you found at least one new one that you haven't used before. Let me know what AI coding tools you are using right now, and I look forward to seeing you in another video.

  Top Comments:
  1. @RadioAwareness-PeterGy: YES! I loved your Python tuts 🤩
  2. @AIRuinedMe: Openclaw❤
  3. @PedroLucas-np3fg: There's someone using Kiro?
  4. @PriyaNandan-u8k: This video really opened my eyes! I hadn’t thought about how important it is to choose the right AI tools for coding. The part about AI helping with debugging was super relatable; I remember struggling with a bug for hours last week! It’s wild to think that there are tools coming out that can tackle that for you. Also, it makes me curious if something like Grootmade Connect could fit into a workflow like this. Imagine getting instant feedback on code! Anyway, I'm excited to see what the future holds for these tools. Thanks for the insights!
  5. @rezaaliyari2889: Hi looking forward to that how to set openclaw up securely video!!!
  6. @rohitsaxena1992: link for video with complete step by step
  7. @tiagorodrigues4445: Saying that visual studio code is not the most popular editor is wild
  8. @danielmoller3258: Surely you don’t use every one of these “all the time”?😂
  9. @AIOptimizer: The 'only worth learning' framing is exactly right for AI coding tools — tool sprawl is real and context-switching costs are high. The ones that actually stick are the ones that fit inside your existing editor loop, not the ones that require a new tab. Do you find the IDE-native tools outperform standalone coding assistants when you're in a debugging session vs. greenfield builds?
  10. @QueenVenmirz: Openclaw setup please
  11. @blaisemennia9910: Next pls review Googles Antigravity and OpenAIs Codex
  12. @snehotoshbanerjee1938: Awesome!!
  13. @deepsleepstudynoise: I thought Claude was much better than gpt and gemini but when it started getting to about 1000 lines of code it started being difficult
  14. @CretaMusicsoftware: CREDITS CREDITS 😂😂😂 sadly where software engineering is heading..... American companies suck, learn Chinese everything is free and open source 😂😂😂
  15. @dslogicsim7844: do i need an expansive gpu to run these locally ?
  16. @kukasr: Cursor is too expensive.
  17. @sylar7780: 我们领导过年发了祝福和通知，年后会裁掉所有Java技术栈的架构师、高级研发、中级研发，留下初级研发、然后公司给每个初级研发购买一个glm5的账号，配合opencode使用。
  18. @eldarion933: So youre using cursor and then use the claude model??
  19. @Aswathi-j6n: Which of the tools is best with less bugs and free
  20. @rverm1000: one thing you can do if you want to is create a tutorial on ollama. 1. fine tuning models 2. using there api to call?

- Best AI Video Editing Tools in 2026 (Don't Choose Wrong): Kind: captions Language: en editing videos the old way is dead. If you're still spending hours in After Effects or Premiere, you're already behind because right now content is everything. Doesn't matter if you're a solo creator trying to grow an audience or a business owner who knows content brings in customers. You need it fast. But the problem, you've only got two options. Either do it yourself and waste weeks stuck in editing instead of growing your brand or outsource it and get videos that are either cheap and bad or expensive and slow. And that's why so many creators and business owners hit this bottleneck. Editing doesn't just cost money. It costs time and opportunities. But right now, the entire world is changing thanks to AI. And editing is no exception because a new wave of tools has completely changed how fast and how good your edits can be. And the people who are using them are producing way more content, reaching way more people, and passing everyone else who's still stuck in the old ways. And the best part is these tools aren't the same complicated software you need weeks to learn. They're AI editors. They handle the hard stuff of editing for you, leaving a simple workspace with shockingly good results. So, I've personally gone through dozens of different AI video editors. And for this video, I picked out the four best tools out there. I'll put them head-to-head, show you what each one gets right and wrong, and by the end, you'll know which tool is best for you. So, for the actual categories, here's how I'm going to break it down. First, we're going to test how easy each tool is to use and what features it offers. Second, we'll look at repurposing content. Third, we'll cover editing itself. And finally, we'll talk about price, whether the tool is really worth it or not. All the tools in our rating card will receive a score from one to five stars. First up is Captions.ai. When you log in, you'll see a clean setup where you can describe your topic or upload your video. Then on the left, you have all the features. The ones at the top are Mirage Studio and AI Creator for making avatars. We are not focusing on that today, so we'll skip past them. And then there is the AI editing tool. Here you can upload videos and the AI will edit them for you. We'll come back to that later. The next [music] feature is AI shorts and this one is pretty cool. Here you upload a video or drop in a link and it automatically creates short clips and we'll come back to this one as well. Overall, [music] captions has a very simple and easy to navigate tool. It is pretty limited though, but for ease of use specifically, I'll give it five out of five just because of how intuitive it is. When you first log on the left side, you have your templates, your brand kits, and your asset libraries. Then in the middle, you've got this workflow with different AI apps. Now, the AI auto editor is also pretty straightforward. You just give it some quick information about the video you wanted to autoedit, and then it takes that information and automatically edits your video. When it comes down to the AI clips, this one is a little bit different. This one actually lets you customize a bit more of the short form clips themselves. That's also something we'll be taking a closer look at later. So, yeah, Vit is definitely a more complicated tool than captions because it just has more things inside of it. But when it comes down to editing and clipping, it's still a pretty straightforward tool to use. So for Vit, I give this one a four out of five because while it's not as smooth as some other tools in today's lineup, it's still very usable and has a lot more depth than captions. Then there's Submagic. It's built mainly for clipping and repurposing content. So when you log in here, you'll see that you can generate captions, create multiple short clips, or use magic clips that allows you to automatically pull shorts from longer videos. It also lets you generate B-roll, fix eye contact, clean audio, and even translate captions, which are the main editing tools here. And that's it for Submagic's interface. Pretty easy to figure out. And so that's why it gets a full score of five out of five. And for our final tool, we've got Opus Clip. Right when you log in, you're met with this nice minimalistic window. You've got shortcuts you can click on right away. AI captions, video editing, speech enhancement, reframing, B-roll, and AI hook, which is a pretty cool feature that we'll be looking at later. And then in the middle, you can drop in a link for your video. What's great here is that Opus Clip actually supports a lot of different links, YouTube, Rumble, Twitch, and even Zoom. On the left side, you've got your brand templates, just like the other tools, and your asset library where all your fonts and images and videos live. But here's where Opus really stands out. You've got analytics, so you can actually connect your accounts and see how your clips are performing. That means you're not just making content blindly. You can check what's working and adjust. And then you've got the calendar. You can just upload a clip you made with Opus, [music] pick a date, and it'll automatically post it for you. That's a big time saver, especially if you're posting across multiple platforms. So yeah, it's incredibly easy to understand, and it's got some standout features that really put it on top. For Opus Clip, I'm giving this one a four out of five for ease of use, just because it has a lot more features, which can make it a bit harder to figure out. That will definitely make it much more powerful when you know how to use them. Looking back at our report card, we can see that both Submagic and Captions are the winners for this category just because they are a bit simpler and therefore easier to navigate, which can be a plus when you're first learning them, but can easily turn into a problem if you do want to do something a little bit more advanced. Now, let's move to the actual editing capabilities. each tool has starting with captions. To access the editing feature, I'll head over to the AI edit tool. Here, I'll be able to upload a video. Now, mind you, this only accepts vertical style videos. So, if you have a horizontal one, you'll need to use one of the other tools in today's lineup. But once you've done that, you have the ability to choose between various different templates. I'll just go with this one right here. Select a custom color. I'll go with green. And then I'll create the project. Once it's done generating, to access the other editing capabilities, you need to click on this button right here. And as you can see, it drops you into the editor. Now, for the AI side of things, you only have the possibility to either generate sounds, music, or images by prompting. As you can see right here, you can also add a voice over with AI. Now, on the left side under the automatic tools, you can remove the noise from the audio and correct the eye contact. But besides that, the only kind of editing you can really do is to cut or change out the captions. So instead of thinking of this like a tool that edits your videos with AI, you should rather think of it as a tool that templatizes your videos and then lets you tailor them according to what you like. So I'll just export my video and let's take a look at how it was edited. Every week there's a new AI tool making headlines. And right now there are more AI video generators than ever, but most of them don't work as well as you'd expect. Some generate great videos, but only if you stay within their style limits. If you try to get more creative like detailed anime or wild fantasy worlds, they often mess up and most of the time they're too expensive or just confusing to use. And I do really have to say it doesn't come out looking bad at all. Even though you don't really have a lot of editing access, I'd still say this is all around an okay result for what it is. So just because of how limited the editing aspect of captions is, I'd have to go with a two stars out of five for this one. With that being said, let's check out our next tool. Now, Vit offers you a lot more capabilities with editing. Here, you access editing by clicking on the edit icon and creating a new project. Here, you'll be able to upload your files for the video. Vit accepts both vertical and horizontal style videos. And from now on, you can basically edit it however you like. To access the AI editing tools, you want to click on magic tools right here, where you can clean up the audio, remove filler words, remove silences, and add magic B-rolls. This lets you automatically add images related to your spoken topics, creating some nice visual assets for your video. You can also touch up face appearance if needed. Use the eye contact feature, remove the background, add a green screen, or magic cut it, which automatically removes your ums, o's, and bad takes. Okay, now let's edit. First, I'll add some magic B-roll. So, I'll just click on magic b-roll in the magic tool section. And as you can see, it adds super tailored images to your video. I'll also clean up the audio and make sure my eye contact is on the camera. Then I'll head over to the subtitle settings and turn on my auto subtitles. And as you can see, our video is already starting to look great. I'm pretty happy with it as it is right now. So, I'll just export it. And let's take a look at the final result. After watching [snorts] this video, you'll probably never edit a photo manually again. Because after spending days looking for the right AI editing tool, I finally found one that removes the entire manual editing process completely. And in this video, I'll show you exactly how to edit your photos using nothing but a couple of sentences and how to instantly turn them into anything you want from Pixar style posters to clean professional edits without knowing a single thing about photo editing. So, for this video, we're going to be using a tool called and it definitely came out looking quite decent. All in all, I'd say Vit is a very solid way to edit your videos. So, for this result, I definitely rate it a four out of five simply because even though the tools that are already included are pretty good. There's definitely room for more and better features, which some of the other tools we'll look at today will cover better. Next up is Submagic, and this one also allows you to import horizontal style videos. So, I'll just click on create a new project. And as you can see, it adds my video right here. On the left side, we have the transcription that the tool automatically generates. Here, you can already access some of the AI features. You can remove silences and remove bad takes if you have any. I don't have any in this one, so for me, I'll just leave it as it is. Then, if you switch over to brand, you can add images and text, but text is already included in the caption settings. So, let's head over there. Here, you can choose the style of your caption. I'm going to go with Horoszi, and I'm pretty happy with the default settings, so I won't change the positioning or colors at the bottom, but you can if you want to. Next up is B-roll. And this is probably the coolest feature among all the AI features Submagic offers. Here you can add magic B-rolls and magic zooms. Now magic B-rolls are just normal secondary B-roll, both images or videos, while magic zooms are those dynamic zoom in effects. So I'll add both of them, wait for everything to reload, and then I'll fine-tune it with some final AI settings by clicking the AI button right here. I'll again correct the eye contact, clean up the audio, and that's pretty much it. So I'll just export my video, and let's take a look at this one as well. After watching [snorts] this video, you'll probably never edit a photo manually again. Because after spending days looking for the right AI editing tool, I finally found one that removes the entire manual editing process completely. And in this video, I'll show you exactly how to edit your photos using nothing but a couple of sentences and how to instantly turn them into anything you want from Pixar style going to be using a tool called Foder. And man, it really cleaned it up. The video came out looking much better than the original one I started with. It has all the most important things you need with no weird silences, some nice visual effects in the video, and of course, the subtitles. All in all, I'd say this one is pretty good. The only thing I'd say I'm having an issue with is that the interface feels a bit weirdly formatted. It's just not as intuitive in the editing workflow compared to V. So, for this one, I'll give it a three and a half stars out of five. And with that being said, let's move over to OpusClip. To edit your videos inside Opus Clip, you'll want to click on this scissors button right here. You'll be prompted to either upload your video via a link or just upload it directly from your computer. I already have mine downloaded, so I'll just upload it as a normal video. As you can see, it opens up this workflow right here. On the left side, you have your transcribe text, which you can change up however you want. Then you can turn on or off the tracker, which is a really cool feature that tracks your face and makes sure that even if you move outside the frame in a horizontal video, it still keeps you centered on screen. Now, for the AI settings under the AI enhancement section, you've got a lot of options to choose from. You can remove filler words, remove pauses, and even add sensoring if you're someone who swears a lot. Then there's speech enhancement, which improves the vocal clarity and just makes your overall sound richer and more professional. Now, we've got two settings that are probably the coolest ones here. These are autogenerate stock broll and autogenerate AI B-roll. The difference between them is that the first one gives you AI generated B-roll while the second one uses clips from their stock library. For this test, I'm going to go with the AI B-roll since it's going to give us a more accurate and personalized result. Then you can also autogenerate AI hooks, which adds a natural voice over in whatever language you prefer at the beginning of your video. That's a super useful feature if your clip doesn't already have a catchy hook. This way, you can easily add one. You can also add auto emojis, which add a little extra visual appeal. And then there are auto transitions and speaker colors. Speaker colors basically highlight whoever's talking if you have multiple people in the video. I don't have that here, so I'll just move on to the next setting, captions. Here you can choose between a bunch of different caption styles. I'm going to go with this style right here. And as you can see, it automatically adds all the captions to the video. You can select different fonts, add effects, or even change the position of the captions, but I'm going to leave everything as it is. Then if you have any transitions in your video, you can very easily swap them out or add your own. If you don't like the ones AI picks, you can choose from things like crossfade, cross zoom, or zoom in. I'm going to select the fade in one right here, and you can preview it instantly, which is super handy. Finally, you can add music. Once you're done, you just click export here. You can actually export it as an XML file if you want to continue editing it in a professional editor, but I'll just export mine as a normal HD video. And let's take a look at the result. There are [snorts] three things you want to know about prompting in photo. First, you [music] have to be specific with your edits. That means telling the AI exactly what you want change. So, instead of just writing, make me smile, write something like change the facial expression to a soft closed smile with no teeth. That this came out looking really, really good. I love how the subtitles turned out. It looks like a professionally edited video you'd see on YouTube. The AI B-roll fits in really well, too. I think Opus Clip's AI did a great job finding the right clips, and those transitions really elevate the overall look of the video, making it look super clean. Combining how easy Opus Clip is to use with just how many cool and useful AI features it offers, like transitions, B-roll, speech enhancement, I'd have to give it a four and a half stars out of five for editing. Now, let's take a look at our report card so far. You can see that Opus Clip just takes the victory over Vit with half a star more, mainly for its more advanced editing features. But now let's move over to the next category. One that's really important, especially today with how popular short form content and repurposing content has become. Before we jump in, I quickly want to mention that every tool allows you to edit the short form clips that you generate and it works the same as the way we edit it right now. So we will only be taking a look at the base results each tool gives us. Starting off with captions. Now in captions, you have the option to repurpose your long- form video into short form by clicking on AI shorts. You can either upload your video or paste in a link directly from YouTube. Captions only supports YouTube. So if you've got anything other than that, you'd have to either use something else or download the video first. Once you upload your video, you can select your original language, which for me is English. And then you can pick your template with the colors. You'll see different options here. I'm just going to go with the million option since I think it fits my brand the best. You can also select the maximum length. I'm going for 30 seconds here since I want something super short form. Then it starts generating. And now that our video is done generating, let's take a look. Real quick before that, I just want you to note that captions takes quite a bit of time to generate these videos. Definitely something worth keeping in mind. So captions generated five different clips. All about 30 seconds each. Let's check them out. At this point, one thing should be clear. There isn't a single AI video tool that outshines the others. They all are great at what they do. But the biggest problem we still haven't solved is the large amount of AI. something that looks like a real person that is moving naturally without needing motion capture or a studio setup. That's where cling comes in. If you're building talking head content, personalled video, if you want to take that realism to a full cinematic level where the lighting, camera movement, and scene composition feel like a movie, this is where Google VO really shows its strength. But this comes at a cost. The first thing I'm noticing is that the font is pretty decent. It's not bad, but besides the first clip, I don't really see a lot of strong hooks that the AI filtered out. And I also don't see a way to easily sort between these videos, which as we'll see later, other tools in today's lineup are actually really good at. Now, you do have the option to quickly edit them by clicking on this button right here, but the editor is something we'll look at more in depth later on. So, with that, I'm going to give captions a three out of five for the videos. They came out looking okay. Not amazing, but usable enough that I could probably pick a couple and move on. To create a clip with V, you'd want to click on AI clips. Right here, you can paste in your video. So, I'm going to drop in a video I have ready. The next thing you want to do is select the goal of the video. For us, it's going to be viral short. Then, you've got the size in the original language, which for me is already correct, so I'll leave it. Then, you can select the maximum length of the clip. I'm going to go for 15 seconds this time. Finally, you can pick between various fonts. A lot of them aren't really that good or practical to actually use. Some I just don't see any point in, but still, it's a pretty nice selection overall. Then, you click continue, and V starts generating your clips. And in just a couple of seconds, they're done. Now, Vit also gives you this little section where it rates your clips for flow, hook, interest, and engagement, and it lists them accordingly, which is exactly what I mentioned was missing from captions. So, let's take a look at some of the clips. That is so much better than I expected, especially for just $15. As you can see, this video is getting recommended on this video right here. As you can see, it's in the next up section on this video right here. Let me tell you, one video is actually doing very well right now organically. Starting off with the cheapest promotion. This one is actually performing really well. The most horrible graph I've seen in my [music] life, and I've been doing YouTube for 3 years. I have many successful channels. This doesn't happen. As you can see, the audience retention is basically just zero. And all in all, I'd say the selection is okay. I wouldn't say I agree with how they rated them, though. Honestly, I wouldn't give some of these clips as high a score as they did. So, to close up V, I'm also going to give it a three out of five. The only real difference from captions is that extra rating section, which in my opinion isn't super accurate. It makes you feel like some clips are really strong, but I just don't buy enough to bump it higher. And now, let's move over to Submagic to generate your clips in Submagic. You click on get magic clips, and then you can insert your video or paste in a link. I'm going to paste in a link from one of my videos. Then, as you can see, we're prompted to select the language, the clip duration, and the caption theme. You've got a bunch of different ones here. I'm going with the first Hormosi style option. After that, you click generate and Submagic gives you a bunch of different clips. Let's take a look at some of them. I've tested every major tool that's come out recently and I've seen where they shine and where they completely fall apart. So, in this video, I'm going to show you the AI video tools that actually deliver. I get that for a beginner this can be challenging. So, I've come up with a simple solution to help you out. To create a very in-depth prompt, I head to chat gpt and paste in this prompt. Create point. One thing should be clear. amount of and as you can see, some of them are pretty decent, but if you scroll through, you'll notice a lot of clips are basically the same thing, just slightly trimmed differently. That kind of kills the whole point of generating a lot of different options. On the plus side though, I actually find Submagic's rating system to be more accurate than VITs. It feels more real in terms of how it judges the clips. So yeah, I put Sub Magic at a four out of five. It's better than the others in terms of accuracy and clip variety, but it's still a bit too simple and repetitive at times. And finally, let's take a look at Opus. If you want to generate a clip with Opus, it's really simple. On the homepage, you've already got a space to paste your YouTube link, and you don't even need to click anything. It just automatically starts generating. Once the video is done, it shows up down here. And what's great is that Opus doesn't just spit out a ton of clips randomly. It actually checks how many good clips it can realistically pull from your video without filling it with duplicates. That's a big plus. Once you've got your clips, you can enter your workflow and easily switch between them. And then there's the viral score. This isn't just a random metric. It's based on actual performance data from other videos through their analytics tool. So, it's way more trustworthy than what we saw on Vit. Now, let's take a look at some of the top rated clips. First, [snorts] number two, I will do professional video promotion in the USA. So, where the other one was supposed to be worldwide, we'll find out soon. This one is just based in the US. This one is All right. Now, it's time to spend some more money. So, this one right there is going to cost us €9. I will do super fast organic YouTube promotion to go viral. Last time I swipe my credit card on Fiverr, this happened. So, this time I'm thinking of buying some promotions on Fiverr to go YouTube viral and get rich. I'm going to take the videos that I received last time, upload them to my and yeah, even just in terms of hooks, Opus is a lot better at grabbing those quick moments that can actually go viral. Another bonus is that you can instantly download and edit your clips or even post them automatically to your platform of choice. You can also schedule posts with one click, which is huge. So, when it comes down to Opus, simply because of the extra features like the trending topics and the more accurate scoring and just because the clips themselves came out way better, I've got to give this one a five out of five. So, to summarize, we have captions scoring a three. V also got a three, Submagic came in at four, and Opus clip is at five. And once again, as you can see, Opus Clip is taking this category because it's just better overall in terms of clip quality, in terms of the little extra features, and in terms of the overall user experience. Finally, let's talk about the price of each tool. Starting [snorts] off with Captions. Now, Captions does offer a cheap subscription at first. The lowest option is $10 a month, but honestly, you don't really get much with it. Pretty much the only thing you get is access to viral caption styles, and I don't think that's worth paying just for that. So, realistically, you almost have to jump up to their Mac subscription at $25 a month. But, as we saw, this tool isn't really built around editing in the first place. So, the pricing feels off compared to what you're actually getting. So, for the price, I'd give captions a 2 out of five. It's just asking too much for features that don't really deliver or that we are after. Next up is V. Here you've basically got two subscriptions. The light plan is $20 a month with no extra credits. You do get rid of the watermark and get more flexibility with upload size, which is almost required if you actually want to use the tool properly, but honestly, for most people, you'd end up needing to upgrade to the pro plan anyway. That's around $50 a month and that's where you get better export resolution, more languages for captions and access to the AI clips feature. So yeah, it does give you more, but you're paying quite a lot for it. For me, Vit also comes in at a 2 out of five on pricing. It's just a little too steep for what you actually need to make the most out of it. Now, Submagic is a little bit better with pricing. Their starter plan is $19, and with that, you get no watermark, API integrations, trimming, and the magic clips we tested. But here's the catch. The Magic Clips add-on is another $19 on top. So once you include that, you're looking at about $38 a month. Because Submagic gave us better quality clips than the other two tools and a pretty decent AI editing, I'd say it's closer to being worth it, but it's still a bit pricey for what you're getting overall. So I give Submagic a 3 and 1 half out of five on pricing. And finally, let's look at Opus. This one actually surprised me with the price. The starter plan at $15 is already solid, and I think for most people that would be more than enough. But if you do want to upgrade, the pro plan is $29, which is basically the same price that most of these other tools charge for their starter plan. With Pro, you get about 300 minutes of video each month, which is plenty. And if you need more, you can just double the plan with extra credits. So, it's flexible and you're not forced into overpaying for features you don't use. So, for pricing, Opus Clip is easily one of the best options. Not only does it give you the best results, but it also gives you the best deal. For me, that's a four and a half out of five. So now let's actually take a look at the results. And when you put all of this side by side, it's pretty clear that Opus just comes out on top. No matter what we tested, it didn't just win by a little. It clearly came out on top. And the reason knowing what tool to use matters so much is because right now content is everything. And the people who are winning are the ones who can put out more content faster without burning out or getting stuck waiting for an editor to turn things around. Imagine you've got someone editing the old way, manually cutting clips, fixing captions, syncing audio, and they might give you a couple of videos in a week. But with Opus, you could have 20 videos done in minutes. You have 20 pieces of content scheduled and ready to hit different platforms, filtered by what's trending and sorted by quality, while that other guy is still waiting for his editor to export the first draft. That's the difference between missing out on more views and revenue and actually keeping up with the pace of how fast things move online right now. And that's why Opus isn't just another editor. It's not just about saving time. With Opus, you can post way more content a lot faster without paying editors or spending hours stuck in software. That means more videos, more reach, and quicker growth. So, if you're ready to start creating at that level, click the link in the description and get started with Opus Clip today. And with that, I'll see you in the next

  Top Comments:
  1. @KeshavAbhay10 [222 likes]: I suggest you add timestamps. Will be very helpful!
  2. @okfoxtrot [27 likes]: I think the best part is that you don't need to have ideas or enjoy a craft or what you do, you can just have a brand and be a brand. All we are is a commodity and content.
  3. @BibjkZoo [27 likes]: Exactly what I was looking for.
  4. @Cornerstonecontractors [8 likes]: Perfect content. Little long. it could be a bit shorter to arrive at the same conclusions. however i appreciate the info. I am going to give Opus a try for the year. Lets GO!!!
  5. @dulhaie9377 [7 likes]: thank u so much learned lot ogf things ,, i m going to star a channel too. wishme luck..thank u
  6. @THEPHOENIXBOY-v5e [3 likes]: this helped me pick the right one thanks!
  7. @amtaamta3761 [2 likes]: great overview of what to look for
  8. @cryptowave101 [1 likes]: Youri you are the best ❤
  9. @Bigplayerr [1 likes]: W breakdown
  10. @BrokeGenXR [1 likes]: You are a great educator. Thank you
  11. @AvenTriv [1 likes]: Mad love for this, bro!
  12. @WhiskeyMullet: I use and like opus clips and capcuts. i am surprised that you didn't review CapCut. Good video though.
  13. @DavidMelchizedek-c5k: Thank you so much i really love your work but i need your help can you teach us how you edit your videos
  14. @Hayatuullah: I just subscribed opusclip, after watch this video
  15. @KirstieAvilla: Very well thought out.
  16. @Aboulegrandaboulegrand484: whoa that tool looks awesome 🤯
  17. @gogasarkar1082: this vid is super helpful for picking tools
  18. @AchilBZG: wasnt sure which one to get but this helped
  19. @jisika-kj2cc: thanks for breaking it down so well 🙂
  20. @Teamkooke: this is super helpful wow

- The 8 Trends I’m Betting My Entire Marketing Strategy On in 2026: Kind: captions Language: en Your customers aren't finding you the way they used to. 26% of searches now [music] end without a click. Instagram alone sees over 6.5 billion searches every day. And Chad GPT is about to launch ads that behave like Facebook, not Google. So if you're still marketing like 2024, you're already behind. I'm Neil Patel, co-founder of NP Digital. My team works with hundreds of brands across dozens of industries and every day we analyze patterns most marketers never even see. And today I'm going to walk you through the eight digital marketing trends that will shape visibility in 2026 and how to use each one immediately. Because when you [music] understand what's actually happening, you stop reacting and start leading. Let's dive in. Trend number one, stop sending traffic off platform. Capture leads where they are. If you're still sending social media traffic to landing pages, you're losing leads before they ever see your offer. Here's a real reason. Platforms like Instagram, LinkedIn, and Facebook kill your distribution the moment your content tries to move off platform, even if it's just click the link in my bio or visit our site. These platforms want people inside their ecosystem, not bouncing out of it. So, the algorithm immediately throttles your reach and your ad costs go up. And even when people do click out, most mobile users drop off the moment they hit a slow loading form or a page that isn't built for quick conversion. Here's what you need to do. Keep the entire lead capture process inside the platform. Use tools like Manyhat to trigger automated conversations. When someone comments with the keyword, they comment, the software automatically sends them DMs, you capture their information without them ever leaving the platform. This reduces friction, boosts engagement signals to the algorithm, and gives you higher quality leads because you're tracking behavioral intent, not just form fields. Trend two, search moved beyond Google. For years, search meant Google. But now, search is happening everywhere. Instagram, YouTube, Tik Tok, Chad, GBT, Snap, LinkedIn, even [music] your browser. Snap signed a $400 million deal with Perplexity [music] just to power their search. Buyers are jumping across platforms like Stepping Stones and most brands only show up on one of them. Here's what we're seeing in the data. Instagram 6.5 billion searches a day. YouTube over 3 billion. Tik Tok is becoming [music] a new product search engine. Chad GBT emerging as a trusted discovery tool. This isn't random. It's a clear shift in consumer behavior. And once you understand the shift, you can use [music] it to win. This is called search everywhere optimization. creating content that's formatted, structured, and packaged in a way that ranks across all major discovery surfaces, [music] not just traditional search engines. Here's exactly how to do it. Start by weaving [music] your targeted keywords naturally into everything. Your script, your captions, your on-screen text, and your description. That's how platforms understand the true topic of your content. Then build topic clusters. Create multiple posts around the same core theme so platforms start mapping you as the authority. Consistency also builds discoverability. And finally, optimize for conversational search. People now search in full phrases and the algorithms read the layers of your content. Audio captions, transcripts, and visual text to [music] match that intent. When your content aligns with how people actually search, you start showing up everywhere they look. Trend three, the AI slob problem is hurting teams more than helping. AI promise speed, but for most marketing teams, it's creating [music] confusion, rework, and hallucinations. We ran a study comparing free and paid AI tools, and the hallucination rates were almost [music] identical. That means people are trusting answers that look correct, but are completely wrong. And that false confidence is killing campaigns. Here's what's happening. Markers are using AI to write copy, analyze data, and build strategy. But they're not validating the output. They're assuming the AI is right because it sounds confident. But when you dig into the data, you find errors, fake [music] stats, misqued sources, conclusions that don't match the evidence. And here's a surprising twist. A lot of companies are blaming AI for the layoffs. Not because AI actually replaced people, but because [music] it's a cleaner story for the public markets. Simplifying with AI sounds a lot better to shareholders than admitting that they overhired and their divisions aren't [music] growing at the pace they are expecting or aren't as profitable. Meanwhile, inside these teams, the real inefficiency is coming from AI slop, hallucinations, errors, and bad outputs that waste [music] hours. Even Perplexity CEO said on CNBC, he doesn't believe AI is [music] the true reason behind these job losses. >> The results of that are being seen now. So, correlation doesn't imply causation. Like, it's not because of AI that people are losing jobs. In fact, because of AI, we see a lot more empowerment in people. >> So, what do you actually do with all this? You stop using AI the way everyone else is using [music] it and start using it the way top performers do. Top performers aren't using AI blindly. They're using AI intelligently. Here's how. Use AI to generate first drafts, not final drafts. Cross reference any stats or claim [music] that AI gives you. Check the source. Verify the date. Build internal quality checks. [music] If something feels off, dig deeper. Use AI for ideiation, not execution. Let it help you brainstorm, but don't let it make strategic decisions without human [music] oversight. The biggest ROI we're seeing from AI isn't from tools themselves. [music] It's from using AI platforms like Chat GBT as a discovery channel to drive traffic and conversions. When you stop using AI to replace your word and start using it to extend your reach, you produce work that's sharper, faster, and way more accurate. AI doesn't replace your judgment, it multiplies it. Once you understand that, you stop feeling threatened and you start feeling empowered. AI tools aren't just answering questions anymore. They're evolving into full discovery engines. And just like Google, they're starting to prioritize trusted sources. We're seeing clear patterns. Listicles get cited constantly. Structured pages get pulled into answers. Websites [music] with consistent formatting are showing up more often. If you publish top 10 lists across multiple categories, top 10 tools, top 10 agencies, top 10 products, top 10 comparisons, you start training Chat GBT to see you as authority. Here's how the strategy works. Create listicles in very specific niches. Don't just publish top 10 digital marketing agencies. Publish the subcategories, top 10 SAS agencies, top 10 e-commerce agencies, top 10 affordable marketing agencies, top 10 agencies for franchises. The more micro categories you own, the more Chad GBT cites you as a source. And no, you shouldn't be citing yourself. You should be leveraging digital PR to get other trusted sources that are authorities in your field to site you. And you need to make your case on why you are a better fit than the competition. And Chad GBT will eventually build its own authority system to prevent strategies like people just blogging on their own website and saying, "Hey, we're the best." So right now, you shouldn't focus on shortcuts. You should focus on long-term strategies by getting other people in your industry to talk about you. Yes, it involves outreach and more work, but it's worth the effort because then your results will start compounding. And if you don't want to do this yourself and you just want someone to do it for you, my agency, NP Digital, has a massive digital PR team with over a 100 people [music] where we help companies get listed as the main source and pitch journalists on why they should be the best in their industry. Of course, if you have a crappy product or service, it's harder for us to do that. But if you have a good product and a good service, it's much easier and definitely doable. All you have to do is just go to npd digital.com and fill out the form. Now, if you are creating content on your own website, make sure you're formatting it correctly with clear headers, bullet points, tables. This makes it easy for AI to extract and site your content. Keep your content updated. Add last updated dates to your pages and AI engines will favor fresh, current information over old, outdated information. You also want to use schema markup. This tells AA engines exactly what your content is about and makes it easier to site. You also want to site yourself strategically within your own content and mention the products and services you offer, as well as integrate case studies, stats, facts, and data like that to show that you are a credible source. And when you get cited by multiple websites that rank you as one of the top sources in the industry, this builds authority within the AI platforms. This makes them want to site you more than your competition in the long run, who's just focusing on creating articles on their own website, discussing how they're the best source. This is going to be the new SEO. Almost no one is doing it. What they're focusing on is still the old stuff versus digital PR where it's really at and that makes the difference. Sure, you need to still have all the fundamentals, but without digital PR, you're not going to do as well on Chad GPT, Perplexity, or even Gemini. [music] And when you understand that Chad GPT is becoming a ranking system, your content strategy immediately becomes more intentional, more strategic, and far more profitable. Trend five, AI ads will behave like Facebook with Google level intent. When Chad GBT launches ads, they won't work like Google search ads. They will target you based on your full search history, your intent over time, your interests, your patterns, your problems, your goals. This is identity based targeting with search level accuracy. If you search for marketing agencies, Chad GPT could show you an ad for a marketing agency. But if nine of your last 10 searches were about losing weight, Chad GBT might show you a weight loss ad instead because that's what's actually top of mind for you right now. They're not just responding to what you type. They're responding to your deeper intent across everything you've been searching. And look at who Open AI is hiring. Former Facebook and Instagram ad engineers, people who specialize in predictive modeling and behavior-based targeting. Google shows you ads based on what you type. Facebook shows you ads based [music] on who you are. Chat GBT will do both. This means one thing. Brands that define their category early will have the advantage of being the default recommendation inside AI platforms. You no longer are competing for keywords. You're competing for associations. And here's how you position yourself now. Build topical authority. Create content that is consistently addresses specific problems for specific audiences. The more you publish on a topic, the more AI associates your brand with that category. You also want to use firstparty data. Integrate your CRM, purchase history, and customer interactions into your ad platforms. This trains AI systems to understand who your best customers are. You want to create content that teaches AI who you help. Don't just say we're a marketing agency. Say we help SAS companies scale from 1 million to 10 million through performance marketing. The specificity trains the AI. Once you understand that, you stop creating random content and you start creating content that teaches AI exactly who you are and who you help. Trend six, browsers are becoming AI platforms. This is one of the biggest changes [music] coming in 2026 and one of the least discussed. A is moving into browser layer, not just website layer. Chrome's Gemini, Chad GPT's Atlas, Perplexes Comet. Right now, we go to Chad GPT, we go to Google, we go to different platforms, but [music] that's changing. Think of a browser like an app. Once you're inside it, they keep you there and they can monetize you without sending you to [music] websites first. Imagine this. Your customer opens a tab and asks the browser to compare tools. The browser summarizes everything, makes recommendations, and shows [music] AIdriven ads before they even reach a website. This is the future of discovery. Browsers are becoming the new platform instead of forcing people to go to websites. AI inside the browser pulls information directly from your [music] site and shows it to users instantly. And Google is already preparing for this. Their new AI Mac campaigns are designing [music] to show ads across every Google surface, search, YouTube, discover, and soon inside Chrome's AI features. [music] So, in the future, your ads won't just show up on Google's platforms. They'll show up inside the browser itself while people are using AI tools to research, compare, and make decisions. That's why marketers need to prepare now. Start running AMAX campaigns early so you can understand how the system optimizes, and learns. Add structured data to your website, schema markup, clean formatting, and clear sections so browsers can easily extract, summarize, and [music] surface your content. Treat your site as a data source, not just a destination. the browser will pull from it even if users never click through. Trend seven, live content is becoming a competitive advantage. In a world full of AI generated everything, the one thing people trust most is real people. And that's why live video is exploding. YouTube reports that nearly 30% of users watch at least one live every week. And very few brands are going live. People are craving live content, but creators and brands aren't delivering it. When you go live regularly, something powerful happens. Your audience sees you as a human. Your engagement spikes, your organic reach expands, your content multiplies because one live stream can become dozens of clips. And here's one thing that gets really interesting. YouTube now autogenerates both horizontal and vertical clips from your live streams. You can go live once [music] on desktop and the platform creates vertical versions for mobile automatically. You create once and the platform repurposes it for you. Here's how to use this. Go live once a week. It doesn't have to be fancy. Just show up and add value. Teach something, answer questions, break down recent trend, walk through a case study. Let the platform do the work. YouTube handles the formatting, you handle the value. Repurpose strategically. Pull out the best 60-second moments and turn them into shorts, reals, and Tik Toks. Platforms are rewarding authenticity, not polish. And once you lean into that, your brand stops feeling like content and starts feeling like leadership. This is where your audience begins to trust you deeply. For the first time in history, [music] language is no longer a barrier. YouTube and tools like Hey Gen can now autodub your videos into dozens of languages using your own voice. And over time, [music] all platforms will do this. And you won't even need tools like Hey Jen. This means your next video isn't limited to one country. [music] It can reach the entire world instantly. Your reach is no longer just English [music] speakers. It's Hindi speakers, Korean speakers, Spanish speakers, everyone. And here's what we're seeing. Creators are getting 30 to 50% of their views from languages they don't even speak. Brands are expanding into new markets without hiring translators or voice actors. [music] Here's how to activate this. Enable multilanguage audio on YouTube. It's in your video settings. Turn it on for every video you publish. You also want to optimize your website for global traffic. Use [music] HF lang tags. Add language selectors. Make sure your checkout process supports multiple languages. Localize your CTAs. If someone's [music] watching in Spanish, make sure your landing page supports Spanish, too. This shift transforms creators into global brands. [music] And once you experience global distribution, your mindset changes. You stop thinking in terms of views and you start thinking in [music] terms of world reach. This unlocks the biggest psychological driver of all expansion. Not just of your content, but of your ambition. If you want to go deeper into how AI search really works, watch my next video. [music] This will walk you through how to get surfaced, how to get recommended, and how to stay visible inside every major platform.

  Top Comments:
  1. @neilpatel [81 likes]: Appreciate the feedback on the music and totally hear you. We’re adjusting background music levels going forward so the focus stays 100% on the information.

Thanks for sticking with us and for the thoughtful comments 🙏
  2. @abelluizramos2001: man the trends are changing fast
  3. @Aymennurahmed-d6j: this is super relevant for my plans
  4. @musaknowledgendlovu5391: didn't think about it like that before
  5. @aurhanabbasi: when you said brands need to show up inside the ai tools themselves… ok but what’s the first thing to fix on a site? schema? internal linking? i ran myGEOscore once and got overwhelmed.
  6. @AnujGamer-v6s: love how you break it down so easy
  7. @Flim_izletv: these trends are wild, gotta keep up with them
  8. @ahar_Ayush_YT_02: ai slop problem is so real. half the posts i see read like warmed-over prompts. curious if Wisewand actually keeps stuff from sounding like that, or if it’s just better polishing.
  9. @SunnyVarma-y19s: didn't realize how fast things are changing
  10. @kilipul09: gotta start thinking ahead, thanks for the insights
  11. @rashmishah1736: this is super helpful for planning my 2026 stuff
  12. @fukrey_boys-pk: wow this is eye opening for 2026
  13. @NewNigeriaTV-g2z: def gonna shift my strategy after this
  14. @rajrawat1125: Search Everywhere Optimization is the part that hit. I’ve been stuck thinking “rank on Google” forever, but my buyers are literally searching inside eBay. Baypoint AI kinda fits that shift.
  15. @MosesTalkmoreMandizvidza: never thought of marketing like this tbh
  16. @26.umikhabibah64: the ai part blew my mind lol
  17. @beautyofmusic4348: really makes me think about my strategy 👍
  18. @C1_JACK: i’m def gonna start using these tips
  19. @noonapdo6470: who knew 2026 would be so different
  20. @EjazKhan-c5c4f: the “search everywhere optimization” bit finally put words to what’s been happening. google-only reporting feels like it’s missing half the picture, even for SeoLab Agency folks.

- Meta Ads Value Rules Explained (Find Higher‑Value Customers & Improve ROAS): Kind: captions Language: en This video explains Meta's value rules, which is one way that you can tell Meta exactly who your highest value customers are. So, we can go find more of these people. Now, this hidden setting can stop Meta chasing easy to generate but lowquality leads and actually increases your sales because it makes Meta put more emphasis on chasing just your best customers. [music] Now, in this video, I'll cover not just how to set up your value rules, but also and most importantly, the strategy behind using this tactic. This bit is really key because if you use this incorrectly, you can actually increase your cost per lead or sale. But if you use it correctly, like I'm going to show you, you can automatically ensure your meta ads chase your ideal and most valuable customers. So, let's get into it. So, what value rules are in plain English? So, value rules let you tell Meta that some conversions, whether they be leads or sales, are worth more money to you than others. Maybe desktop buyers spend more money with you. Maybe customers in the USA spend more money with you. Maybe 25 to 44 year olds have a higher lifetime customer value for your business. So with value rules, you nudge the system to compete harder for these people instead of just finding the cheapest and easiest conversions. Every lead generation client we ever work with, would be happy to pay double the lead cost for a better quality lead. And often as advertisers, whether you run ads for your own business or as a marketing executive within a company that employs you, we want to chase the lowest cost per lead or sale because it makes us look good to your bosses. Now, however, what your boss really wants is a return on investment and ad spend. Now, value rules help you guide the algorithm so it can better achieve that for you. So, here's a few reasons you might want to use them. Firstly, to cut out cheap but useless leads and prioritize people who actually buy from you. Albeit, there are a wide range of ways that you can do this that I also teach on this channel. Now, you might want to also bias delivery towards the most profitable locations. For example, where shipping is cheaper or where your average order value is highest. For example, you may know that most people who buy from you or register as a lead do so using a desktop cuz you're a B2B service. Now you can exclude mobile targeting within the adset section. However, you might not want to totally exclude mobile users. So instead you can create a value rule that simply weights the algorithm to favor those desktop users. So quite simply when you are in your ads manager here just come and click on advertising settings and then you can see it right there around the value rules. So when you click create a rule set, the first thing it will ask you to do, it will make sure you do is tick the box to say you understand that your overall cost per result may increase when using value rules. And I'll explain why that will probably happen in a moment. But like I said, actually the key is to ensure that you get more sales. So your cost per result might increase, but your overall return on investment if used correctly should increase. So it asks you to define a criteria and you can do that on conversion location. So if people are converting on Facebook, they spend less money with you and if they spend more money on your website on average, then you can set the conversion location to be weighted towards website conversions. You can also do that on age. Customers will say to us, our highest paying customers are between 30 and 40 years old. But then, do you really want to exclude somebody who's 41 or they're 29? Not really. You still need to allow the algorithm to chase those sales, but you can weight it towards people who are between 30 and 40 or whatever age you choose. It might be that men spend more or women spend more and you can weight it towards men and women without necessarily excluding those audiences. You can do it via device or platform. You might find that Apple users spend more money with you than Android users and you can weight it. device or platform. Sorry, that is desktop or mobile. But then you have the operating system which is Android or o iOS. Then you can do locations and placement. You'll see from a lot of your sales, most of them will happen on Instagram. And clients will come to me and they'll say all of our sales pretty much come from Instagram. Only about 20% come from Facebook. So we want to exclude Facebook. And I always tell them that that's a mistake because some sales will be coming through Facebook. And the algorithm will figure this out. But if you wait it in that instance towards Instagram, you're going to get a better result. So you simply select a placement and then you can select that placement. You might say that's the Facebook feed for example. And then you can tell it what you want to increase its bid by. So what does that mean? Everything on the Facebook platform is a bidding process. So if people want to appear on my timeline on my feed with advertising. Now I run a digital marketing agency. So I get lots of adverts for all sorts of B2B services. Lots and like literally post after post after post. Every advert is around B2B services that could or could not be useful to my business. So the competition for placements on my feed is really really high. However, if you're 18, you're not particularly economically active. don't have a great deal of purchasing power, the bid to appear on that person's timeline is going to be a lot lower. It's simple supply and demand. If there's lots of demand to be on someone's particular feed, the cost will rise. And if we increase the bid by 50%, all we're saying to Facebook is you can spend more to achieve those placements. If we're defining our value rule set by age, we're just saying you can bid 50% more to appear on somebody's feed who is between 30 and 40 years old, for example. Quite simply, select next and then it's done. So, always remember when you use value rules, your cost per result can rise and that's fine if your revenue, your return on ad spend or lifetime customer value also goes up. These value rules will also apply across all the ads within your ads manager, not just selected campaigns if you do it within advertising settings, but you can also do this at the ad set level here. When you do it at the adset level, the value rule should only apply to adverts within that adset. So consider where you want to do it. So, if you're running value rules, make sure you discuss it with your boss or your client first so they understand that their cost per acquisition or cost per lead may increase. Instead, monitor your results based on sales value. And to do that, your tracking needs to be exceptional. And I have videos all about establishing your tracking or setting up your conversion API as well as videos about how to track meta ads results within G4 or how you set up URL parameters. So you really do have everything you need to get exceptional tracking on this channel. Now if you're running lead generation, you should also want to link up your CRM, which I explain in this video. So go and watch that. So, you should have everything you need from a team, my team, that actually does this with millions of pounds of spend every single day. So, I hope that helps and we'll see you next time.

  Top Comments:
  1. @ImprimeLOve [2 likes]: Thank you!
  2. @cleanstantmetalpolishing [1 likes]: 1. Upon applying this, there's a bid % value that you want Meta to emphasize. how does that percentage value impact the sales ROI. 
2. Once applied, how long should one wait patiently to see results ?
  3. @asiddiqi123: Didn't know that.. can it be done programmatically Based on situation?

- Facebook's New Update Just KILLED Flexible Ads: Kind: captions Language: en Facebook made a massive algorithm update in April.&nbsp; And I'll tell you what, it has been wrecking havoc&nbsp;&nbsp; with business owners who advertise on Meta,&nbsp; including Facebook and Instagram. And in this&nbsp;&nbsp; video, I'm going to break down exactly what the&nbsp; change was and how to combat this so that you're&nbsp;&nbsp; not left behind. All right, so let's go ahead and&nbsp; get started. I'm going to share my screen real&nbsp;&nbsp; quick. Okay, so the update was that Meta killed&nbsp; the flexible ad. You're already seeing the alert&nbsp;&nbsp; for this inside of your own dashboard. When this&nbsp; update was announced, I reached out to my friends&nbsp;&nbsp; on the meta engineering and product teams and&nbsp; this is the email they sent me. And then they gave&nbsp;&nbsp; me all of the internal training docs that Meta&nbsp; reps will be taught in May. Here they are. And&nbsp;&nbsp; I got to tell you, it's really exciting. The first&nbsp; mistake that people make here, this workflow only&nbsp;&nbsp; appears on new ads. So you can't edit old ads.&nbsp; So you need to create a new ad. to use it. Now,&nbsp;&nbsp; once you're at the ad level, this is where&nbsp; things start to look a little different. Here,&nbsp;&nbsp; you're going to click set up creative. Then&nbsp; you choose image or video. Like flex ads, dco,&nbsp;&nbsp; and dynamic creative beforehand. You can upload&nbsp; multiple images and videos all inside of one&nbsp;&nbsp; ad. Everything now just lives inside of this one&nbsp; system. Now, here's where most people go wrong.&nbsp;&nbsp; They upload random creative packs after pack after&nbsp; pack built around some general idea. Instead,&nbsp;&nbsp; you want to be intentional. You'll notice that&nbsp; you can upload up to 10 creatives here. Don't&nbsp;&nbsp; upload more than three. You'll see image tab and&nbsp; video tab. And while you can toggle between them,&nbsp;&nbsp; these ads should only be of one format. Each ad&nbsp; is a test. Every test should answer a question&nbsp;&nbsp; like which hook is the best, which image&nbsp; format converts best. If you mix formats,&nbsp;&nbsp; you're testing to see if you can get lucky. Luck&nbsp; is not a business model. Mixed ads will fatigue.&nbsp;&nbsp; You want results, not excuses. All right, moving&nbsp; on. You're going to want to check your crops. It's&nbsp;&nbsp; really easy to speedrun through this little&nbsp; one step and waste a ton of money on ads that&nbsp;&nbsp; will never work. So to do it, hover over your&nbsp; media, click crop, and adjust square, vertical,&nbsp;&nbsp; and horizontal. Facebook will auto adjust, but&nbsp; you should always double check. And quick note,&nbsp;&nbsp; because believe it or not, Facebook has your back.&nbsp; You can do this both in the wizard and also within&nbsp;&nbsp; the ad after you publish. Next, we'll get to our&nbsp; text and image generation steps. for the text gen.&nbsp;&nbsp; If you have copy you want to use, just go ahead&nbsp; and ignore this. But if you just want to test an&nbsp;&nbsp; idea and don't really know what your copy should&nbsp; be, I fully recommend taking the text of your&nbsp;&nbsp; landing page and using it as a source and letting&nbsp; the Meta AI write you five new sets of copy to&nbsp;&nbsp; use. I've been doing this for nearly a year&nbsp; now, and it's an incredible way to help brands&nbsp;&nbsp; get their first ads running, or to help test new&nbsp; products or go fishing for new angles that you&nbsp;&nbsp; might want to more fully explore later without&nbsp; dedicating a full workflow and team and a ton of&nbsp;&nbsp; resources to the project. And because the machine&nbsp; knows who likes what, the ability for Andromeda&nbsp;&nbsp; to match the right copy with the right person is&nbsp; staggering. This is also killer for brands with&nbsp;&nbsp; a lot of offers and SKs like print on demand,&nbsp; clothing outfits, supplements, general stores,&nbsp;&nbsp; or even drop shippers and affiliates just hunting&nbsp; for opportunity. And now for the image gen. And&nbsp;&nbsp; I'll be honest, the preview Meta gives don't do&nbsp; the tool any justice. You can use this to create&nbsp;&nbsp; a whole suite of options. I've been testing this&nbsp; with meta support now for over a year and I'm very&nbsp;&nbsp; happy to report that these ads absolutely go&nbsp; head-to-head with any AI image maker I've used&nbsp;&nbsp; and a lot of dedicated shops too. When I have a&nbsp; model in the shop, it'll even give me dozens more&nbsp;&nbsp; to choose from. It has contacts to the vertical&nbsp; and other advertisers. It's a cheat code and&nbsp;&nbsp; it's free. And like text gen because the machine&nbsp; knows who responds to what could be creative. The&nbsp;&nbsp; ability for Andromeda to match the right image&nbsp; to the right person again is staggering. Now,&nbsp;&nbsp; you do have to prune away the things that&nbsp; don't work. Don't just blindly trust artificial&nbsp;&nbsp; intelligence. Okay? And yes, sometimes the text&nbsp; gets weird, but I've absolutely used this with&nbsp;&nbsp; brands that only had product vendors and built&nbsp; out complete campaigns that convert and scale&nbsp;&nbsp; using nothing but AI. And again, it was free and&nbsp; took 5 minutes to create the text and the images&nbsp;&nbsp; and to prune the things and launch it. The last&nbsp; option here is the enhancements. There is a huge&nbsp;&nbsp; list of options that you might see depending on&nbsp; what you're doing and where you are. By the way,&nbsp;&nbsp; if you want me to do a video where I break down&nbsp; each one, let me know in the comments down below.&nbsp;&nbsp; But for now, here's a simple checklist of what to&nbsp; use and what to avoid. Yes to visual touch-ups, to&nbsp;&nbsp; relevant comments, to brightness and contrast, and&nbsp; yes to dynamic descriptions. And I highly highly&nbsp;&nbsp; recommend that you avoid enhanced CTAs, overlays,&nbsp; anything to do with image or background or text,&nbsp;&nbsp; music, and never the site links. Again, in the&nbsp; comments, if you have a question about a specific&nbsp;&nbsp; enhancement, I'll be happy to address it. And in&nbsp; Disruptor Academy, I'm finishing up a full cheat&nbsp;&nbsp; sheet for every single enhancement and their&nbsp; formats, use cases, and risk levels. The link&nbsp;&nbsp; is in the description, and we will be raising the&nbsp; price soon. So, get in now if you want it. Now for&nbsp;&nbsp; the first update that really shivers my timbers.&nbsp; You can customize every combination. Crop,&nbsp;&nbsp; placement, copy, URL. Before all the ads in the&nbsp; Flexer Dynamic Creative shared the same settings.&nbsp;&nbsp; Now you can customize each iteration inside the&nbsp; same ad. They've opened up Pandora's box and&nbsp;&nbsp; you can control everything and the opportunities&nbsp; are endless. This is a massive upgrade. You can&nbsp;&nbsp; now control where each creative shows up. For&nbsp; example, you might want one creative in feeds,&nbsp;&nbsp; but not in reels. You might want a specific&nbsp; variation for Instagram and another in Facebook.&nbsp;&nbsp; You might want one set of copy to show up in one&nbsp; place and another to show up someplace else. You&nbsp;&nbsp; can turn off placement at any level of the asset.&nbsp; And with the destination option, you could support&nbsp;&nbsp; multiple funnels in one ad. Perhaps you have&nbsp; three creators and each has their own landing&nbsp;&nbsp; page and give them all the same script. You could&nbsp; route each creative from each creator to their own&nbsp;&nbsp; dedicated funnel in a way that was never possible&nbsp; before. And for the lead genen and SAS folks, you&nbsp;&nbsp; might notice that Instagram mobile traffic behaves&nbsp; very differently than a Facebook desktop. And you&nbsp;&nbsp; can control platform and placement and then route&nbsp; that traffic to a dedicated user experience.&nbsp;&nbsp; This gives you full control without needing&nbsp; separate ads. We have been begging for this since&nbsp;&nbsp; I don't know at least 2018. And also also no more&nbsp; of those annoying carousels. The second update is&nbsp;&nbsp; a wet dream. Finally, you'll get reporting for&nbsp; each element. We haven't seen this since iOS 14,&nbsp;&nbsp; and now it's standard. Now, this is all super&nbsp; exciting, but with great power comes great&nbsp;&nbsp; responsibility. Before you smash publish, you&nbsp; absolutely need to check your previews. So, use&nbsp;&nbsp; the preview option, turn on the ad preview, and&nbsp; hit advanced preview. Look at how each creative&nbsp;&nbsp; variation appears across all the placements in the&nbsp; way that you want it. Because something that looks&nbsp;&nbsp; good in one place might break in another. The&nbsp; more things that you've changed and customized,&nbsp;&nbsp; the more likely it is something's broken. Now,&nbsp; once everything looks good, you just hit publish.&nbsp;&nbsp; And this is where it gets complicated. And that's&nbsp; when I'm going to show you at the end. It's going&nbsp;&nbsp; to be super cool. By the way, if you want to get&nbsp; your hands on these materials, they're free in&nbsp;&nbsp; my community on school disruptor academy. Link&nbsp; is down below. But I'm going to share with you&nbsp;&nbsp; guys now on my screen, which I'm very excited&nbsp; about the campaign structure of how we're going&nbsp;&nbsp; to be testing this. So, we have three general&nbsp; trends. We have the alpha guru spammer style&nbsp;&nbsp; made famous by guys like Jeremy Haynes where you&nbsp; have one [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] campaign with 50 ads in an ad set&nbsp;&nbsp; and then you isolate the winners and dupe the ad&nbsp; set and you launch three new ads at a time until&nbsp;&nbsp; you end up with hundreds of ads that all fatigue&nbsp; quickly. Performance is rarely stable and you're&nbsp;&nbsp; just hunting for any win hoping it works long&nbsp; enough for you to get your money back. Then we&nbsp;&nbsp; have the Sam Hilliero and Ben Heath style which&nbsp; Sam calls the M3 or M4 method which is basically&nbsp;&nbsp; just my bucket based CBO method from 2018 and Tim&nbsp; Bird borrowed it and rebranded it as cloud CBO a&nbsp;&nbsp; year later. This is where you have a CBO campaign&nbsp; with new ad sets launched weekly or so with five&nbsp;&nbsp; to 20 ads in each and spend minimums on everything&nbsp; where you then copy the winners to interest groups&nbsp;&nbsp; and retargeting and retention campaigns and you&nbsp; scale based on platform rorowaz and hope for the&nbsp;&nbsp; best while generating a ton of noise and giving&nbsp; the machine almost no data to truly stabilize and&nbsp;&nbsp; optimize and deliver consistent quality or volume&nbsp; of traffic. And this style absolutely works if the&nbsp;&nbsp; goal is to make the agency report look good&nbsp; right up until the whole funnel is depleted&nbsp;&nbsp; and the whole business tanks because this style&nbsp; usually bets on scaling mid and lowerfunnel ads&nbsp;&nbsp; that fatigue faster and faster without refilling&nbsp; the bucket. And lastly, we have the one campaign&nbsp;&nbsp; method that I invented like 5 years ago and is&nbsp; championed by everyone from Neil Patel to Spencer,&nbsp;&nbsp; the goat of school. Now, the reason they all&nbsp; love it is because this style requires the fewest&nbsp;&nbsp; amount of ads and takes the least amount of work&nbsp; to manage. Instead of day trading the ad account,&nbsp;&nbsp; people can work on their business and enjoy&nbsp; their life. If you're in an operator capacity,&nbsp;&nbsp; this is the easiest way to make a lot more money.&nbsp; And this is what we're going to use for these ads&nbsp;&nbsp; because the one campaign method, unlike the other&nbsp; two, was built on dynamic creative and flex ads,&nbsp;&nbsp; specifically 322 ads, which historically is the&nbsp; most stable and scalable ad type with the least&nbsp;&nbsp; ad fatigue. And this new workflow was built to&nbsp; replace that one best tool. In the modern version&nbsp;&nbsp; of this that we now call Andromeda 1, which is&nbsp; a CBO campaign, we have one ad set with our most&nbsp;&nbsp; consistent ads, no less than four and no more than&nbsp; eight at a time. And using a simple 4PI analysis,&nbsp;&nbsp; we can see which ads are good at their job and&nbsp; which ones aren't. Based on things like daily&nbsp;&nbsp; frequency, spend share, and CPM while optimizing&nbsp; for gross profit per transaction instead of&nbsp;&nbsp; rorowaz. Remember, rorowaz isn't money. You can't&nbsp; pay bills with ratio. You can't buy whiskey with&nbsp;&nbsp; fractions. You need currency. In this build, we&nbsp; have a control ad set of like four to eight ads&nbsp;&nbsp; and then a test ad set using multimedia creative&nbsp; workflow ads. And when we launch new ads in this&nbsp;&nbsp; test ad set within our CBO, we look to see if&nbsp; they earn spend. And if they do, what ads from&nbsp;&nbsp; the control ads set get less spend? And did the&nbsp; overall performance across the entire business get&nbsp;&nbsp; better or worse because of it. This way, we set&nbsp; a baseline. We introduce a change and we measure&nbsp;&nbsp; the impact. It's a simple scientific method. The&nbsp; only real change with this new multimedia creative&nbsp;&nbsp; workflow is that if we wanted to be more granular,&nbsp; we can. And if we don't have any idea what will&nbsp;&nbsp; work and we don't have four to eight good ads&nbsp; yet, we can use the test and image gen tools or&nbsp;&nbsp; the heavy customization options to truly constrain&nbsp; or massively widen the set of options that we are&nbsp;&nbsp; letting the machine make for us. If we know what&nbsp; works, take more control. If we don't, we let the&nbsp;&nbsp; machine do the work. Now that you know how to&nbsp; use the most powerful tool that Facebook has&nbsp;&nbsp; ever built, in this next video, I'm going to show&nbsp; you how to build the best ads you've ever run.

  Top Comments:
  1. @screenboiler [2 likes]: Do you recommend CBO & "flexible ads' method even for Local high ticket service based businesses running FB lead ads?   PS: Just found your channel this week and am loving your vibes and content.
  2. @CTtheDisrupter [1 likes]: Join the MBA waitlist here: https://www.disrupterschool.com/metaMBA
Join my Skool community  - https://www.disrupterschool.com/DA-YT?video=VrOezwkJT14
Disrupter Tools to Scale & Optimize - https://tools.disrupterschool.com/?video=VrOezwkJT14
Free Proven Meta Ad Tactics - https://www.disrupterschool.com/DisrupterDispatch?video=VrOezwkJT14
  3. @robjones7670 [1 likes]: Mine will not let me select multiple creatives. Only 1 video or image.
  4. @chordkeys [1 likes]: Why did you say we should use 3 asset per ad. why not like 5?
  5. @screenboiler [1 likes]: Up to how many ads do you recommend we put in our Test Ad set?
  6. @wealthworxmarshall [1 likes]: Do you use Dynamic Creative ad set?  Seems that would make it easier or no?
  7. @3790mt [1 likes]: Yeah I just found out the hard way lol
  8. @szymonszpara7590 [1 likes]: Great video! Quick question about Andromeda One with tripwire funnels: if I'm running two separate tripwire funnels — one targeting men and one targeting women — each with 2 different products, should I run 4 separate Andromeda One campaigns (one per product) or 2 campaigns (one per gender with both products inside the control ad set)? And since tripwire GPT is often near zero or negative on the front end, should I be measuring GPT across the full funnel including upsells, or just the tripwire transaction? Thanks!
  9. @AllanSmith-h4j [1 likes]: is there no way to change format sizes for each placement?
  10. @永久-r2l [1 likes]: My question may be stupid, but how can I now adapt one creative to multiple formats? I see the option to crop the creative for different formats (stories, posts, etc.), but can I upload a different image for a different format?
  11. @treavorcooper2449 [1 likes]: I've been running meta ads for the past 2 years. i just run 1 ad with no extra creatives and its worked very well up until a couple months ago. my CPP has doubled over that time span so im getting pretty fed up. i don't have time to constantly keep up with the new way meta changes everything every few months. do you have as team that can help me set up a collection ad? of course ill pay. i cant seem to figure out how to set one up even after speaking to the meta team multiple times.
  12. @edenabdou4406 [1 likes]: So if am going to test " products" I wont go with 3-2-2 flex today ! And better use the last strategy using this new update with one compagine and 4-8 creative, and each creative I put the copy for it by me or using Ai  ?
  13. @liftplus [1 likes]: Finally hit my account! But now on the ad set level i'm getting a brand new setting option "Enable Dynamic Creative" but even with this turned off, I can still add up to 10 images/videos into a regular ad
  14. @euicaroalmeida [1 likes]: Hi Charley, First of all, congratulations on the video! I have a few questions and was hoping you could help me. I’m starting a consultative sales campaign for a real estate company. They already have an ad account for their lead agent, and they’ve given me the company’s ad account. However, I don’t have any approved ads yet. 

I’m running a CBO campaign with a broad audience and have uploaded 10 creatives with different angles and formats.
After validating these creatives within the same CBO, do I create a new ad set and include only the “winning” creatives? 

Unfortunately, I can’t optimize based on cost per lead, because the SDR is the one who qualifies the leads.

What would you recommend?
  15. @davidemoretti5888 [1 likes]: So if I want to upload 1 static image how do I put the 1:1 version and the 9:16 version in their respective placements?
  16. @tuckertheremedy [1 likes]: Hi Charlie, would you recommend always separating Catalog ads into their own campaign, isolated from manually created ads, even at low budgets of $50/day, for example? Thank you
  17. @postaguilera [1 likes]: Hey Charley, great video! Do you have any idea if this has been completely rolled out already? I'm based in the Netherlands and I'm setting up a new ad, but I neither see the Flexible ad format anymore, nor do I get the option to select multiple creatives. There is a new section called 'Creative testing' however (below the 'Ad creative' section). Any chance they changed the workflow for this?
  18. @theceoguy1 [1 likes]: i want to upload 1 creative in vertical, 9:16 and right coloum, with this stupid update its not even possible i tried it all and it wont allow me simply put 3 images of the same only format changing i get stucked here how sad.
  19. @riderdiver1: Everyone hates ads on FB, they took away the block feature so what are we left with? Report as spam ? Harassment or bullying?
  20. @svcnsi545: Hey Charley, been watching and applying since 2023!! You've done everything for me you're awesome. Had great success with dynamic creatives.

Since switching over to the new framework of testing angles for each ad sets, I've been struggling to get conversions, even though every single metric is doing very well (CTR 4%, Cost Per Link Click .75, Freq 1.09, CPM $28. 

Average watch time is only 3 seconds out of 15, and hook rate is 20% Hold is 10%

It was performing very well initially, with $15 per purchase for a $150 pair of pants and $250 bundle of 2 for 10 purchases, but now struggling heavily. $30 a day
I have not left a comment like this since watching, but am at the point of desperation haha, I also made a new ad, put 4 new scripts and angles, but with that ad, the metrics are terrible and the cost per purchase is even worse. Worth noting that we shifted to a pre order but im not sure if this impacted or not. 

Broad adset, turned all of the enhancements and bad stuff off etc.

- The BEST Facebook Ad Sizes for 2026 (Stop Using 1:1!): Kind: captions Language: en If you're still running ads in one by one format, you're honestly behind as Facebook recently updated the uh recommended formats for images and also for videos as well to always be 4x5 or 9x6. Now, previously it was always the case that Facebook already recommended for videos to be on 4x5 and 9x6, but you have to make sure to optimize these formats for images as well. and they recently updated it that images on Facebook feed can also use the 4x5 placement. And in this video, I want to make sure that you understand the right format for each placement, but also ad type as well. So, let's get into it. Now, what are the main benefits now for running the right ad format on different placements? As I mentioned, you have to have the 4x5 format for all feed placements and also 9x6 for story placements. And the reason you want to have 4x5 four feet blames and not one by one because you're able to capture more screen real estate. And in today's age, like you need to grab the attention better. And if you're able to even have this much more screen real estate, obviously your ads will stand out a lot more and you're covering more of the newsfeed while people are scrolling super fast. And if you can capture a bit more of that screen real estate, you will obviously see more improvements in your ads performance. Now here you can actually see the recommended uh meta placements where you can see it's 1x one 4x5 for Facebook feed but vertical is recommended for single images to be delivered to ad placements on Facebook feed which actually changed because previously it was one by one and you couldn't even run 4x5 and now they're actually allowing you on the Facebook feed to also run 4x5 which was previously only available for the Instagram placement. Now I'll put on the screen different dimensions for each placement where you have your Facebook feed which is 4x5 which is 1080x350 which also for the Instagram feed as well but usually you'll run all of your feeds all at once and you can run 4x5 for all of your placements. Now for story it's 9x6 which is 1080 by 1920 which is the more vertical layout as well. Now, as for videos, that's obviously the same. 4x5 and also 9x6 to make sure that you're covering the right real estate space on your Facebook ads. Now, so right here, I actually have an example of an ad that is by is 4x5 where you can see it's much bigger. It's not a square. It's much like more like vertically laid out. And you can see the difference between this one and this one. Like it captures more screen real estate. And you can see the differences as well. And here you can see the 9x6 which is 1080 by 1920 where it's even like fully screen filling of course for the story format. And obviously you want to make sure to optimize for that as well. Now I'll show you the dimensions again on the screen so you can make sure that you respect those safe zones. Usually for videos as well we'll uh do like a 9x6 um video and not really specifically a 4x5 unless we have like these bars at the top for example if you want to call something out. And you want to make sure if you're making only 9x6 and you want to cover all placement that you are respecting the 4x5 safe zones in your 9x6 video if that makes sense. I'll put it on the screen so you can exactly see these safe zones. So you are actually making sure that you are not cutting out any text because obviously you don't want text to be cut out on your videos and you want to make sure that people can read everything of course like from your captions towards like people's faces uh being cut half off. Like that's obviously not what you want to have in your videos. Now, to summarize, for images and videos, uh, all of the aspects are now the same. The playing field has been leveled, and you can just run the same aspect ratios for all of your different formats, different placements for both images and videos to make sure that you're capturing most screen real estate on your Facebook ads. Now, for Tik Tok, obviously, you have different UIs, and I want also to cover the reals format and also the Tik Tok UIs as well. I'll put it on the display right here because there you're only running 9 by 16. And you want to make sure that you're not having any text being covered by the Tik Tok and also the meta reals UI as well because those are important as well. And sometimes when I'm scrolling on my phone and I see some ads, usually they are covered and you cannot read anything what they are saying. So extremely important as well to make sure that you are optimizing for all different placements so you're not missing out on any reals ads or your Tik Tok ads having a different uh UI that might be covering any of your important parts of your video or the text of your video. So that's uh something that I want to close off this video with. And with that being said, this is the end of the video and I hope you like this video and I hope it brought a lot of value because I see so many brands when I'm scrolling on my on my phone on and seeing ads like get it wrong and not respecting these right safe zones and obviously it can make or break your ad. Now obviously if you're respecting these safe zones and all of these different dimensions, you will see a bump in performance. I'm 100% sure of that and obviously these are the basic thing that you need to be covering. So that's it for today's video. I hope you liked it and I hope it was informative to you. Save this video for later because obviously you might need it. Below I'll add like a small cheat sheet where you can see the different dimensions and aspect ratios for your Facebook for all different placements and also your Tik Tok ads to make sure that you're respecting all of these safe zones. So be sure to get that below. And with that being said, I'm looking forward to see you in the next

  Top Comments:
  1. @masm1236 [6 likes]: Can we upload both 4:5 & 9:16 versions for the same video creative?
  2. @bootsandgear [3 likes]: Huh they still say 1080x1080
  3. @SillyKamPicklesBoss [2 likes]: Thanks, I say the same thing. I now use a 4:5 aspect ratio for all FEED placements instead of 1:1, but I ensure the content on 4:5 fits within a safe zone of 1:1 (basically), so auto-cropping in Meta's system doesn't make the creative look cut off/stretched/having a lot of white space above and below the 1:1 (on Feed video-based ad placements such as "Feed in-stream reels/stories [fullscreen mobile view]").
  4. @Martin-zq4fq [2 likes]: so you can not run 1080x1080 anymore?
  5. @SjorsHoukes [1 likes]: Doesn't seem to be entirely true. I just ran an ad on Insta and Facebook, and the format I submitted was 4:5. Unfortunately, Meta still cropped my ad to 1:1, making some text be cut off.
  6. @ganesh-td6jr [1 likes]: no cheat sheet in mail
  7. @HungarianwithSofie [1 likes]: Thank you, very useful! Especially the safe zones and to see the actual size in picture format.
  8. @KevinYTB95 [1 likes]: How about carousel?
  9. @aminesahifi3176 [1 likes]: 👍👍👍
  10. @CharroLambatan: hi It lead me to subscriotion instead of the cheat sheet
  11. @ayoubayoub-b5y: What I can"t understand is, have I to create different ratios images for my ad to suit different formats? Or, there's a general ratio that agrees with all the formats? After searching, I found that 4.5 relates to every format, but Facebook is still cropping !!
  12. @amosngetich2307: Thanks, you really helped me 🙏❤️
  13. @IrshadP-x7n: 👍
  14. @StephencreatefunContent: Your Facebook Ad Safe Zone has an interesting layout for Reels. Why is it not centered? You have a top margin of 220 px and a bottom margin of 450 px. It just seems odd that Facebook ads wouldn't just center the safe zone instead of offsetting at an odd margin ratio. Thanks for the chart though.
  15. @angel_ambersukasuki9910: Thank you ❤
  16. @ganesh-td6jr: cheat sheet not geting delivered
  17. @spencersharp: 4 by 5? or 16 by 9? this ish is too difficult. ur saying 9:16 is only for stories yet ALL SHORTS AND REELS AND TIKTOKS ARE 9:16 SO WHAT ARE U EVEN SAYING? DO U EVEN KNOW WHAT U ARE TALKING ABOUT? WHO EVEN CARES ABOUT 4:5 IN 2025. this is wild u wasted time on this video basically teaching nothing. why even talk about 1:1 if that was used in 1954 on facebook. its 2025. whats with all u weirdos making videos where u gotta waste time talking about dimensions THAT ARENT OPTIMAL OR EVEN USED ANYMORE. WHY EVEN INCLUDE IT IN THE DAMN VIDEO.
  18. @carloscodling5084: Thank you!

- Incrementality Testing: How to Actually Measure Marketing Effectiveness (2026): Kind: captions Language: en Years ago, eBay did something most brands would never consider. [music] They turned off their brand search ads, the ones that show up when you search eBay shoes or eBay electronics. By conventional measurement, these ads looked wildly profitable. So, what happened when eBay turned them off? Well, almost nothing. Traffic and sales stayed flat. The people searching for eBay cameras already wanted to go to eBay. These ads weren't convincing anyone to buy, they were just intercepting the customers eBay already had, and Google was getting paid for it. So, eBay cut the budget on the channel, and that one change saved them millions of dollars per year. Now, [music] here's the uncomfortable question. What would happen if you ran the same test on your best performing channel? Would revenue fall off a cliff because it's truly performing? Or would it stay flat? Most marketers don't actually know the answer, and [music] that's a problem because if you can't answer that question, you might be lighting money on fire and calling it a win. Here's something every marketer has experienced. You're reviewing last quarter's performance, and you pull up your dashboards. Meta says it drove $200,000 in revenue, Google says $400,000, TikTok says $100,000. You add those up, and you get $700,000. That's great. The only problem is that your business only made $450,000 total. The math doesn't work. This isn't a bug, it's just how in-platform attribution works. Ad platforms use what's called deterministic attribution. When someone converts, buys your product, subscribes, downloads your app, whatever, the platform looks backward and asked, "Did this person see or click on one of our ads prior to purchase?" If yes, they count it as a win. But, converted after seeing an ad is not the same thing as converted because of an ad. Even more sophisticated models, like multi-touch attribution, which spread credit across multiple ads instead of giving it all [music] to the last click, still have this same blind spot. They're tracking who saw what, not what actually caused the sale. Some of those people were going to buy anyway. Maybe they heard about you from a friend. Maybe they typed your URL directly into the browser, [music] and your retargeting ad happened to hit them an hour before they checked out. Some of those people were likely driven by multiple different ads, and each ad platform wants to take credit for the whole conversion. In-platform attribution counts all of that as a win for paid ads, but is it? Let's put numbers to this. You spend $10,000 on Meta retargeting ads. The platform reports that people who saw those ads bought $25,000 worth of your product. At a 60% margin, that's $15,000 in gross profit on $10,000 in spend, $5,000 of pure profit. Looks like a no-brainer, we'll do that all day. But, what if half of those people would have bought anyway without ever seeing the Meta retargeting ad? Now, your incremental revenue is $12,500. At a 60% margin, that's 7,500 in gross profit on a $10,000 investment. The platform showed you a winner, but in reality, that campaign just lost you $2,500. This is obviously hypothetical, but it happens constantly. >> [music] >> Ad platforms are incentivized to take credit for as many conversions as possible, and I don't blame them. But, that doesn't mean that those ad platforms [music] actually caused those conversions. This often gets worse over time. When your brand is small and nobody knows who you are, attribution [music] and incrementality are roughly the same thing. You turn on ads, sales spike. It's pretty clear that the ads really are working. But, as the brand scales, everything gets noisier. People hear about your product from friends, you get press coverage, you're running ads on five different channels, word of mouth really starts to kick in. Now, it's no longer obvious what's actually driving purchases, and your attribution dashboards, which looked clean and confident [music] when you were small, start to mislead you. You pour money into channels that look efficient, but aren't really working, while starving the channels that are actually driving growth, but don't get the attribution credit. So, how do you figure out what's real? The answer is incrementality, and it answers a completely different question. Attribution asks, "Did this person convert after seeing my ad?" Incrementality [music] asks, "Would this person have converted anyway, even if they never saw my ad?" That second question is what actually matters because the answer tells you whether your marketing caused the sale or just showed up on the path to conversion. Imagine two parallel universes. In universe A, you ran an ad and the customer bought. In universe B, you didn't run the ad at all. In universe B, did the customer still buy? If they made a purchase in both universes, it means that your ad didn't cause anything, it just happened to be there. If they only bought in universe A, that means that your ad actually drove that incremental impact. The obvious problem is that you can't actually observe both universes at the same time. This is called the counterfactual problem, and it's the fundamental challenge of marketing measurement. Well, how do you solve it? The same way the FDA [music] does. When the FDA, the Food and Drug Administration in the US, tests whether a new drug works or not, they don't just give it to sick people and see who gets better. Some people get better on their own, so that wouldn't prove the drug actually did anything. Instead, they run a controlled experiment. One group gets the drug, another group gets a placebo, same conditions, same time period. The difference in outcomes between those two groups tells us the drug's true causal effect. So, it's a measure of causation, not just correlation. Marketing measurement should work exactly the same [music] way. You need a test group that sees your ads and a control group that doesn't. The difference in outcomes between those groups is your incremental lift, [music] the thing your marketing actually caused. There are a few ways to run these experiments in practice, and they're not all equal. Some ad platforms offer built-in tests. Meta calls theirs conversion lift, and Google has similar tools. [music] These are true randomized control trials. The platform randomly holds back ads from a subset of users and measures the difference. When done correctly, these experiments are scientifically extremely rigorous, but there's obviously a catch. You're trusting the platform to grade its own homework. On the other end of the spectrum, you have go-dark tests. These are very simple. You just turn a channel completely off and see what happens. There doesn't need to be a lot of fancy statistics, just a before and after comparison, but now you're comparing different time periods, not different audiences at the same time. So, seasonality, promotions, and a hundred other variables can contaminate [music] your results. The option in the middle, and the one we think is practical [music] for most brands, is geographic experimentation. Instead of randomizing individual users, you randomize by geography. You increase spend in some regions, you hold other regions constant as your control, and then you compare the outcomes. Your controlled regions tell you what would have happened in your test regions if you hadn't changed anything. That's your counterfactual. That's your universe B. Geographic tests work across most channels. They don't require platform cooperation, and you can run them yourself. The challenge is that your regions won't be perfectly identical. Austin, Texas and Denver, Colorado don't have the same population, the same baseline sales, or the same seasonality patterns. [music] You can't just compare raw numbers between them. The traditional approach to doing this type of measurement in marketing is called matched market testing. The idea is straightforward, you find two cities or two regions that look similar, similar population, similar income levels, similar baseline sales, and you use one as your test market and one as your control. If Austin and Portland have similar demographics and buying patterns, you increase spend [music] in Austin, hold Portland steady, and then compare. It's intuitive, and it's been used in marketing for decades, but in practice, it's really hard to find a clean match. Even cities that look similar on paper have different local competitors, different seasonality patterns, and different cultural dynamics that [music] can affect buying behavior. And any of these differences can show up in your results and make it hard to tell what was caused by your marketing and what was just Austin being different from Portland. You end up needing a better way of constructing that control group. And this is where statistical methods, specifically synthetic controls, can come in [music] and be helpful. In synthetic controls, an algorithm looks at your historical data and creates a weighted blend of your control regions that closely matches the behavior of your test regions before the experiment started. That synthetic blend becomes your counterfactual, >> what would have happened in your test markets if you hadn't changed anything. So, the idea is that there might not be a perfect matched market for New Orleans in the United States. There just really aren't any cities like New Orleans. But, we can create a blend of cities that allow us to create a synthetic New Orleans that is a better [music] match for New Orleans than any other natural city might be. We could imagine that blend could be a combination of Houston, Texas and Charleston, South Carolina and down in Savannah, Georgia, where the blend is a better match than any of those cities individually could be. It sounds complicated, but tools exist to handle all of this for you. You don't need a PhD to run one of these tests anymore. Let me show you what it actually looks like. Let's say you're an e-commerce brand. You're spending [music] $50,000 a month on Meta prospecting campaigns, the platform says you're generating a 4.7x return on ad spend, and your marketing team is patting themselves [music] on the back. But, your CFO keeps asking the same question, "Would we have gotten these sales anyway?" Your organic traffic is strong, your brand awareness is growing, [music] and you've got a nagging feeling that Meta is taking credit for customers who were already coming to you. [music] So, you decide to test it. Here's exactly what that looks like. First, you need historical data, revenue by geography and by day, at least 90 days, ideally a full year. Most companies have this sitting in their marketing data warehouse or analytics platform. If you can pull report from Shopify or Google Analytics 4 [music] that shows daily revenue by state or DMA, you have what you need. Then, you upload that data into an experimentation tool, in this case, GeoLift by Recast. [music] The tool charts your data by geography so you can do a quick sanity check. Are there any obvious anomalies, missing data? If it looks [music] clean, you move on. Now, you design the experiment. You tell the tool a few things, that you're planning to increase spend, that you're measuring revenue, roughly what you think the channel ROI might be, that's incremental ROI, very important, how long you want to run the test, and how much budget you're willing to put behind it. The tool then runs simulations across your geographies. It's looking for regions where historically, when one goes up, the other tends to go up, too, meaning that they're good candidates for comparison. It spits out the candidate test configurations ranked by statistical quality. You can click between rows to see how well the synthetic control matches each set of test markets. The tighter the historical fit, the closer those two lines track before the experiment starts, the more confidence you'll have in the results. The tool might tell you something like, if you increase spend by $15,000 in Austin, Boston, and Denver for 4 weeks, you have an 80% chance of detecting a statistically significant effect, assuming the channel has at least a 3x true incremental ROI. That last part matters. The tool is telling you upfront what this test can and cannot detect. If the true effect is smaller than expected, you might not [music] be able to see it, or the uncertainty ranges just might be too wide to be useful. Next, you pull [music] the trigger. Your media team increases meta prospecting spend in Austin, Boston, and Denver by $15,000 [music] over 4 weeks, while everything else stays the same. No new promotions in those markets, no other spend changes, a clean [music] test. You let 4 weeks pass. Now, we can analyze our results. You're going to upload the post-test data, tell the tool which cities were in the test, and what dates the experiment actually ran for, and then hit the analyze button. Here's what comes back. The tool compares actual revenue in your test cities against what the synthetic control predicted would have happened without the spend increase. It shows you this visually. The gray line is your counterfactual, what would have happened. The green is what actually [music] did happen. The gap between them is your incremental lift. And here's the result that matters. The table tells you the estimated incremental revenue in dollars, the ROI on that incremental spend, a confidence interval, and whether the result is statistically significant. Most people make a mistake here. They look at the point estimate and stop. Oh, we got a 3x ROI, that's great. But that number alone doesn't tell you enough. The confidence interval tells you the range where the true lift likely falls. >> Maybe it's 2 and 1/2 x to 3 and 1/2 x. If the bottom of that range still shows a positive ROI, a positive return for your business, you can feel confident the channel is working. But if the bottom of the range is negative or break even, even if the point estimate looks fine, you should be cautious. That channel might not be pulling [music] its weight. Always plan around the conservative end of the range. That's what separates rigorous measurement from wishful [music] thinking. So, if you've never run an incrementality experiment before, where should you start? The best first test is the channel sitting at the intersection of high spend and high uncertainty. Something that looks great in your attribution dashboards, but you're not totally sure is actually incremental. A few channels tend to live in that quadrant. Retargeting is a classic one. It often shows incredible ROAS with attribution methods because it's great at finding people [music] who are already deep in the purchase funnel, but being good at identifying people who are already going to buy is exactly the situation where over crediting in attribution happens. Branded search is another. [music] You're paying for clicks from people who already searched for your brand by name. eBay demonstrated this 15 years ago, and most [music] brands still haven't tested it for themselves. These are all high spend, high doubt candidates. But there's something important to flag. Incrementality testing doesn't always reveal that a channel is wasting money. Sometimes it reveals the opposite. Upper funnel channels, things like connected TV, YouTube, podcast ads, out-of-home advertising, they tend to get [music] under credited in attribution because they influence purchases that happen days or weeks later through a different channel. Attribution gives the credit to the last click channel, or one of the channels that actually has clicks, but when you run a geo test on an upper funnel channel and see that revenue drops in the markets where you pulled [music] the spend, now you have evidence that the channel is actually more valuable than your dashboards might be suggesting. This finding is equally or more important. Incrementality testing isn't just about identifying waste, it's about getting closer to causal truth. Sometimes the truth is that you should spend more, not less. So, let's bring it back [music] to where we started. Attribution tells you who converted after seeing an ad. Incrementality tells you who converted because of the ad. They are measuring fundamentally different things, and confusing them can cost your business real money. One of the best ways to know whether a channel is actually driving growth is to run an [music] experiment. Geographic-based incrementality tests are the practical option for most brands. They work across almost every channel. They don't require you to trust an ad platform to grade its own homework, and you can run them yourself with tools like GeoLift by Recast. [music] Pick one channel, the one you're most uncertain about, or the one that's most critical for your plan. Get your geo-level data together, and run the test. You might find that your marketing is working exactly as well as you thought. Or you might have an eBay moment, and [music] that moment could save you more money than anything else you do with your marketing program this year.

  Top Comments:
  1. @vaibhav89rungta [5 likes]: Most meaningful and simplified difference between attribution and incremnetality I have come across.
  2. @ConnieBronzovich-b4e [1 likes]: Thanks 4 caring about me and it's extremely important 2 get the right choice 4 getting my account ASAP because it's very important 2 me and it's been awhile since I have been able 2 use my account.
  3. @ConnieBronzovich-b4e: Thanks I will be waiting 2 hear from you about this
  4. @ConnieBronzovich-b4e: I don't know what happened 2 my account 4 Amazon Canada what do I do now I have been trying 4 a few months to get it figured out and I have had no clue what is going on, please help me out with the correct information 🫵 helped me out before and I hope you can get this 1 figured out. Connie B.

- The NEW BEST Facebook Ads Campaign Structure for 2026: Kind: captions Language: en If your Facebook ads used to work at first, driving leads and sales, but now have flatlined, or if you never really felt like they got off the ground to begin with, the problem is usually not your ads, your product, your targeting, or even the algorithm. It's probably your account structure. Most small businesses launch a few campaigns, throw all their ads into one place, and then try to scale. At first, it works, but as you add more creatives, more audiences, and more budget, everything starts interfering with everything else. New ads reset that learning, winning ads lose spend, retargeting overlaps with prospecting, and the algorithm stops performing predictably. And if that sounded a little confusing, let me put it this way. The brands that scale consistently, whether they're spending $100 a day or $10,000 a day, almost always have one thing in common. They run a structured system that separates acquisition, testing, scaling, retargeting, and retention. In this video, I'm going to break down the new best Facebook ads campaign structure for 2026, designed specifically around how Meta's algorithm works right now. We'll walk through five key components. The main campaign, where most of your budget goes, the scaling campaign, where winners get pushed harder, interest testing without confusing the algorithm, retargeting people who showed interest but didn't buy, and retention campaigns that turn customers into repeat buyers, if that makes sense given the nature of your business. So, even if you've never had real success with Facebook ads before, by the end of this video, you will know the exact steps to take to manage, scale, and optimize your ads for leads and sales. And in case you don't know, I'm Brandy with Life Marketing, the digital marketing agency with a mission to help small businesses grow. We've helped small businesses go from zero to thousands in revenue coming in every month from [music] social media. If you just want to see how we could do the same for your business with no strings attached, click the link below to schedule a free strategy call. Otherwise, we're going to jump in with the first of five steps on how to best structure your Facebook ads campaign, starting with step one, set up your main prospecting campaign. The foundation of almost every successful Facebook ad account is a single main prospecting campaign focused entirely on acquiring brand new customers. This campaign should usually receive around 80% of your total ad spend. If you're spending $100 a day, that means roughly $80 should go here. If you're spending $1,000 a day, roughly $800 goes here. The reason is simple. This campaign is responsible for bringing new people into your ecosystem, which fuels everything else in your account. So, if this campaign isn't set up correctly and drawing the right people in, the rest of the steps in this video won't matter. Inside this campaign, you want to keep everything as simple as possible, so you want to use a sales objective if you want sales, or the lead objective if you want leads. Set it on campaign budget optimization, so that it will distribute your budget in real time to the best performing ad sets, meaning you don't have to manually do that yourself all the time. And choose broad targeting. Meta's algorithm is smart enough now to read your ad copy, your creative, your destination URL, and find the right audience based on those things. It no longer needs you to enter in a bunch of detailed targeting options like interests and behaviors to figure out who to show the ad to. If anything, you can enter in age, gender, and location if any of those things truly matter for your business, like if you only service a certain local radius, or if your product is exclusively for women, etc. Otherwise, instead of narrowing audiences with dozens of interests, you're allowing the algorithm to do the work. However, there is one important rule here. For this campaign, you should exclude people who already know your brand. That means creating a custom audience of recent website visitors or social media engagers, add-to-cart users, and existing customers. And then once you've created that audience, exclude that audience in the ad set level. This ensures the campaign focuses only on true new customer acquisition. Now, the key structural element inside this campaign is something called creative packs. Each time you launch a new round of ads, you place them into a separate ad set pack. For example, broad pack one, broad pack two, broad pack three. Each pack contains a different batch of creatives. This system prevents new ads from interfering with older ads that are already performing well. So, instead of constantly resetting Meta's learning phase, each pack, or ad set, gathers its own data independently. And over time, your prospecting campaign becomes a structured testing environment where new creative enters the system without disrupting existing winners. Once you identify ads that perform extremely well, those ads graduate to the next stage, which leads us to step two, set up the scale campaign. Your second campaign exists for one purpose, scaling proven winners. So, this campaign is where you duplicate your best performing ads from the first campaign and allow the algorithm to push more budget behind them. Think of this campaign is your high-performance engine. Inside your prospecting campaign, many ads will run. Some will fail. Some will perform decently. But a few ads will consistently generate strong results. When you find those winners, you duplicate them into your scale campaign. This campaign should only contain ads that have already proven they can generate conversions profitably. The structure here, again, stays simple. One campaign, one broad audience, and only winning ads. The algorithm then pushes budget towards the strongest performers. This setup prevents new experimental creative from interfering with ads that are already working. And again, instead of constantly resetting Meta's learning phase, you allow proven ads to scale efficiently in their own environment. Once your winners are scaling, the next step is learning more about your audience with step three, interest testing. Even though broad targeting performs extremely well today, interest testing can still provide valuable insights. However, most advertisers test interests incorrectly. They test new audiences and new creatives at the same time, which makes it impossible to understand what actually caused the performance change. Instead, the correct approach is to test interests using proven ads only. In other words, the creative is already validated, and it has already shown to work. So, now the audience becomes the variable. For example, if you sell fitness apparel, you might test audiences like CrossFit, Gymshark, or Nike Training Club. Each interest is placed in its own ad set, but all of them use the exact same proven winning ads. This allows you to clearly see whether the audience itself improves performance. Sometimes an interest group reveals a pocket of buyers the algorithm was not prioritizing before. And occasionally, those insights feed back into your broad targeting performance as Meta learns more about the ideal customer profile. Interest testing is not the core driver of performance anymore, but it remains a valuable way to expand reach strategically. Once new prospects enter your ecosystem, the next step is converting those who showed interest but didn't buy. So, step four, set up your retargeting campaign. Not everyone buys the first time they see your product. In fact, most people don't. On average, it takes seven interactions with a brand before a customer will make a purchase. That's why every account needs a dedicated retargeting campaign. This campaign focuses exclusively on people who have already interacted with your brand. So, typical retargeting audiences include website visitors from the last 30 days, people who added products to their cart, and social media engagers. These audiences already know who you are, which means your messaging should look a little different from the first two campaigns. Instead of introducing the brand, retargeting ads should focus on reminding people about products they viewed, showing social proof, addressing objections, and highlighting urgency or offers. The important rule here is that this campaign should only target these audiences. Meta sometimes tries to expand beyond retargeting audiences, which can cause spend to leak back into prospecting. So, to avoid this, make sure audience expansion settings are turned off, so the campaign stays tightly focused. Retargeting campaigns typically run with smaller budgets than prospecting campaigns, but they often produce some of the highest conversion rates in your account, because this is your warmer audience. Once someone finally makes a purchase, the next opportunity begins. So, step five, drive repeat purchases with a retention campaign. Many advertisers make the mistake of treating a customer's first purchase as the end of the buying journey, but in reality, it's just the beginning. Your retention campaign exists to turn customers into repeat buyers. This campaign targets only people who have already purchased from your brand before. However, not all customers are the same. Someone who bought last week behaves very differently from someone who bought a year ago. That's why retention should usually be split into two audiences. First is recent buyers, typically customers from the last 180 days. These people already remember your brand, so your ads can focus on complimentary products, upsells, or new releases. And then the second one, older buyers, customers who purchased further in the past. These audiences may need reminders on your brand overall, seasonal offers, or product updates to bring them back. Retention campaigns are extremely powerful because the cost of acquiring a repeat customer is usually much lower than acquiring a brand new one. When done correctly, they increase customer lifetime value and improve the overall profitability of your ad account. The reason this campaign structure works so well overall is that it separates different marketing objectives into their own environments. Your prospecting campaign focuses entirely on finding new customers. Your scaling campaign pushes winning ads harder. Interest testing allows you to explore new audiences without confusing the algorithm. Retargeting converts people who have already showed interest, and retention campaigns generate repeat purchases from existing customers. So, instead of one messy account where everything overlaps, you now have a system where each campaign has a clear purpose. And that clarity makes optimization easier, protects your best ads, maximizes your dollar, and gives Meta's algorithm cleaner signals to work with. If you implement this structure correctly, your ad account will get far easier to scale because every part of the system is designed to do one job extremely well. And if you want more breakdowns of real strategies that are working right now in Facebook and Instagram ads, make sure to subscribe because the platforms evolve constantly and the small business owners who adapt to their ad systems the fastest are always the ones who continue to profit.

  Top Comments:
  1. @LYFEMarketingAtlanta: Want us to grow your business so you can focus on running it? Get a free, custom quote and proposal here: https://www.lyfemarketing.com/services/social-media-advertising-services/?utm_source=YouTube&utm_medium=fbadstructure&utm_campaign=apr72026
  2. @LenaWoskowski: Everytime I try to test multipe creatives in one adset meta only gives budget to one that it likes the most. I dont understand how I am supposed to find winners without testing them individually. Is that a budget problem?
  3. @FhoodyCast: how many adsets in scaling campaign? and should I make new adset  in scaling campaign for each wining creative from the testing campaign?
  4. @HaleyMcDonald-u1k: Even when I click to further limit the reach of my ads, the interest can only be a suggestion. How are you doing interest targeting?
  5. @antoineholman6978: Great information! Thank you! Does this strategy still work well under the andromeda update?

- Copy This Facebook Ads Strategy, It'll Blow Up Your Business (Post-Andromeda): Kind: captions Language: en In this video, I'm going to show you the exact Facebook ad strategy that doubled one of our clients revenue and grew another from sub $100,000 months to $150,000 months, both within 30 days. First, I'm going to show you exactly how we set up the campaign. Then, I'm going to walk you through how to structure your creatives and give you a proper testing framework. And to be honest, this is where most people mess up, and it's actually the most important part. And then, at the end, I'm going to give you five creative types that I've seen are absolutely killing it. in all of our clients ad accounts right now. And here's the thing, we're well aware of Meta's new Andromeda update. The way we structure all of our clients ad accounts has completely changed. The algorithm now craves so much more volume and creative diversity than ever before. So, the strategy that I'm about to show you is built specifically for Facebook ads in 2025, this Q4. And I know this because my company makes thousands of creatives for brands just like yours every single month. We're not just talking theory here. This is exactly what we do for our clients in the agency. So, let's jump onto my computer and get into it. All right. So, now that we're into my computer, I just want to let you know that this campaign is going to be a prospecting CBO. We're going to be using only broad audiences. And we're going to be excluding all existing customers. And how we're going to be doing this is structuring around creative batches, not individual ads. And the reason for that is because each new batch will go into a new learning phase, not the entire campaign itself. And the goal of this campaign is strictly to find new winners. So what we're going to do is start with the sales campaign. We're going to leave all of this alone and we're going to be doing a campaign budget. Like I said, this is a CBO. The next thing we're going to do is go to the ads set and we want to go here where we have show more controls. And then we're going to click on this right here that says exclude custom audiences. And then here you're going to need to go in and exclude your previous purchasers. And then each ad set is going to be batchbased. So, you can name these however you like, but you could do this maybe batch number one and then the next one batch number two, batch number three. And I know that that wasn't super in-depth, but that's the point, right? It's not supposed to be hard to run your ads. Just remember CBO, under each ad set, go in and exclude your customers. And then underneath each ad set, we're going to be having anywhere from 15 to 30 creatives. So, of those 15 to 30 creatives, we want to break them down like this. We want to have three different angles per customer profile. And of those, we want to have five different creative types. So, let's just say as an example, I run a sleep aid supplement company and my customer profile is people who want to improve their sleep. The first angle I could take is people who have trouble falling asleep. The second angle I could take is people who wake up over and over in the middle of the night. And the third pain point or angle that I could take is people who have poor sleep quality or wake up in the morning still feeling tired from the night before. And then underneath these angles, we could have, you know, founder le VSSL, us versus them creative, social proof and reviewbased creative, etc., etc. And then what we typically find when we structure our campaigns this way and when we structure our adsets this way is of these 15 creatives that we're testing, we have an extreme diversity of angles, but we also have an extreme diversity in the types of the creatives that we're doing. And this is perfect for Meta's new algorithm because let's say that in angle one only creative type one and two work. And in angle two, nothing works. And then in angle three, you only have one creative type that works. Now you know something and you can continue to create a ton of creative volume around these things that you know and understand while simultaneously still going in and testing many new angles just like this. And the reason that we like to test with the CBO and the campaign structure is extremely simple is because the CBO is unforgiving. It doesn't care what ad you think is going to work. You're giving each ad an equal opportunity to get spend in the campaign. So every single week, week over week, you're adding new winners into your ad account. After you launch your campaign, you're going to have 7 days to analyze performance. Essentially, you're just going to do three things. First, you're going to identify above target performers. So, of those 15 creatives that we launched, how many of them are above your target rorowaz or your target CPA or whatever KPI you're optimizing for? And then once you've identified your above target performers, there's really two different routes that you could take. You could graduate your winners into a scale campaign with a very similar setup, or you could just vertically scale your CBO and continue adding volume to this campaign. If you don't spend tons of money, 5, 10, $20,000 a day on Meta. I would say just keep it simple. Consolidate everything into one campaign. You don't need to over complicate things. But, you know, if you want to get fancy and you're a more experienced media buyer, um, you could throw together an ASC campaign and graduate your winners into that and vertically scale that one. And then third, and most important, you need to continue testing new concepts. So, now that you understand exactly how to structure your campaign, how to structure your adsets, and how you should be structuring your creative test, I'm going [music] to give you a few of my favorite types of creatives. And if you start testing with these and those five or six creatives per angle within those ad sets, I promise you are going to find winners. This is going to work like a charm. If you follow these exact creative types, so the first one is going to be problem solution ads. The idea behind this is that you're going to agitate a painoint and then [music] solve it. And this does work for both statics and VSSLs, but I already have a couple VSSLs on here. So, I would recommend doing these as statics if you're going to follow this video to an absolute tea. And the reason why this works is because people are buying solutions, not products. Come on, guys. It's 2025. A white background product shot is not going to cut it anymore. And I like this one as an example. This is actually a creative that we made because obviously if you've ever taken powdered creatine before, you know it's an awful experience. And this simple line of text right here absolutely hits home and nails on that emotion of how bad of an experience taking powdered creatine really is. And then obviously we provide the solution right there. The second creative type and guys I need you to listen to me for this one is founderled VSSLs. This says founder story VSSLs. Just take it as any VSSL with you as the founder. If you can properly speak to your ideal customer, if you are able to communicate with them effectively, you have to be making founder VSSLs, this is by far the best creative type to run. So you can run anything with a personal narrative from you why you built the company. Or you could even just run any creative that you already have some verified messaging from previous VSSLs or UGC scripts and you can absolutely just film that yourself. This is 100% the highest converting format for every new brand that we work with. And because it just comes off extremely authentic, you build tons of authority and connection with your audience. And this creative is probably the number one best creative that you can run because this works for way more than the KPIs that you're going to see in the ad account as well. This is just massive for your [music] brand. The next one, and this is my personal favorite because it's just really easy and it works extremely well, is going to be social proof ads. So, any reviews, any testimonials, any UGC review style content that you have, such lowhanging fruit, so easy to do. You can literally just do exactly what this one does. Take a review off your website, throw it on a picture with a product of yours, and this is just going to kill in the middle of your funnel. Everybody's been scammed on Meta. Nobody trusts any brand anymore. It's super easy to just get over the hump, have your customers trust you, and it's just going to do volumes for you in the middle of your funnel. So, the next one is us versus them ads. And I know guys, this is not rocket science here, but I do want to include it. If you have any problem solution product or if you have any innovative solution in your niche, this is just also super easy, lowhanging fruit. You can really play on people's fear or emotions like we did with this one. Everybody knows energy drinks have tons of fear about them. This is also a client creative. Um, everybody always talks about fake sugar, jitters and crashes, whatever. Super easy. I don't really need to get too into that one, but this is definitely another good type of creative. Another one that I really love, and I will preface this by saying this probably has the highest degree of difficulty, is prospecting VSSLs. want to keep these very story driven and with broad audience appeal. [music] And the goal of this is to take someone who's never heard about your brand and maybe never even heard about your product and turn them into a buyer. So, this is the old like OG format that we used to use. Obviously, I'm not going to say that formats are tried and true anymore when the real meta now is just absolute creative variation and tons of creative diversity. But if you don't already have a creative like this in your ad account, I would 100% recommend you try it. [music] First, start out with a very emotional and thoughtprovoking hook. Then get into storytelling. This is usually going to be, I don't know, 3 to 10 seconds long. This is going to be somewhere like 10 to 30 seconds long. And in the storytelling, again, you want to make it very personal, like a personal experience or something. And you don't need to necessarily reveal your product, but you can go into talking about the problems or things like that. Then you want to get into unique mechanism problem and unique mechanism solution. And I can scroll back up and use this creatine gummy for example again for this. So the unique mechanism problem in the creatine industry is obviously chalk. It tastes like bad. I don't want to say cuss words. Then the unique mechanism solution is obviously the gummy. So that's just an extremely simple, easy way for me to explain what that means. Essentially, it means all the other products in your niche, highlight what's bad about them, and then highlight the key differentiating factor between you and the other products. Then after that, these are super simple, just risk reversal and testimonials. Risk reversal is like, you know, 30-day money back guarantee or, you know, free shipping, free returns, something like that. And then also testimonials. The testimonial section is key and you want to try to address any objections in the testimonial section. So, for example, if people have like a big question about your product, you want to answer that in the testimonial section. Like maybe if you're in apparel or hat brand or whatever, how does the product fit? Things like that. In your testimonial, you could say, "Oh my gosh, it's the perfect fit." Blah blah blah. If you're in, you know, I don't know, some certain supplement company, if there's like a very key thing that a lot of customers have, like a key question that they have, you want to address that in the testimonial section. Because if you've gotten them all the way hooked, they listen to your entire story. They listen through all of this and all this. The last thing that could get them over the hump is speaking to their exact pain point. [music] And there are common pain points that you can find in Reddit threads, Amazon reviews, your own reviews, competitor analysis in their comment section. This is where you address all of those objections. And I said, like I said before, why this works is because it turns completely unaware scrollers into buyers. And again, I do want to preface that this is probably the highest degree of difficulty of all the creatives that I showed here, but when done correctly, one of these can pull six figures in spend, and we've created multiple of them that have done exactly that. The next one is going to be offerbased ads. I know that this is very simple, but also another thing that I want to point out is not just offer-based ads, but something that is removing price objections upfront. So, this is another client of ours. this is a fairly expensive product and an objection that we were having or a trend that we were seeing is as they came and saw the price the conversion rate on the website was really bad even though they'd done a lot of CRO um and the website was good. So what we did is we essentially started addressing price objections in the funnel. Um and these are middle of funnel creatives but what this did was we raised the conversion rate without doing any extra work on the website because people were aware that they could use um buy now pay later layer options on the website. So I hope that was valuable for you. If you made it to the end of the video comment 3D in the comments below. If you have any questions just leave them there. And remember a brief summary guys. We're going to run one CBO. For every ad set, we're going to put 15 to 30 creatives in there. [music] And then of those 15 creatives, we're going to do three angles. And then of those three angles, we're going to do five to six different types of creatives. So, the goal of setting up your campaign that way is again creative diversity because of the new Meta Andromeda update. And again, like I said, we do run a creative agency. So, if you don't want to do all this stuff yourself, just click the link below. There's a link to our website. There's like a 15 to 20 minute video on the website where I explain exactly how we do what we do. And there's also a bunch of case studies and testimonials there as well. So, hope you guys enjoyed it. Don't forget to subscribe and comment 3D in the comment section below.

  Top Comments:
  1. @jaredirobinson [10 likes]: My company helps DTC brands build creative pipelines & a profitable meta sales channel through FULLY DFY creative production & media buying.

If you are interested in learning more about what we do, click here: https://www.donglobalsolutions.com/home
  2. @captainawesomebot1522 [6 likes]: Odin where's your eye patch
  3. @ToneAudio.official [1 likes]: Why do you use fake comments bro? The only reason that i didn’t want to keep watching your video and didn’t trust when i saw those all fake comments!!
  4. @Back2Beautypro: Very detail and appreciated! ❤
  5. @jameskivuva6715: 3D
  6. @Onewayout77: I think there’s a mode now that ai can handle the budget by its self 😭on meta
  7. @jamesdavidmurphy1: 3d
  8. @JairaRoxas-f4i: Ver. 1
Hey ,
Quick question. Are you already working with a video editor right now?
If not, I’d love to help out and see if I can make things easier on your end.

If you want a slightly more casual one, here’s another option:
  9. @ChuckAshley-dw3vu: 3D
  10. @ryancmcleod: 3d
  11. @urushi9370: 3d!
  12. @moritzasche3060: Do I increase the spend of the CBO campaign when launching new Test batches?
  13. @moodychaplin: 3D. Thanks!
  14. @seank2793: Ughhh wish someone makes local ads version, same concept but definitely different
  15. @adriansthill380: 3D
  16. @ChikinCoopMusik: 3D
  17. @Mayank-ai-DS: Honestly, the exact funnel you sketched out is what I’ve been dialing in for several merch clients this year—every ad copy tweak from the lift to the clone stage was built on the same process. I’ve got the tools and data stack fed in, the budget’s already in place, and the only thing I constantly miss is a partner who can’t stop chasing the next creative win. If that feels like you, I'd love to see what we can amplify together. 🚀
  18. @krysttonjhonatan: Very nice video bro, congratulations for content, win +1 registered !
  19. @Leo_Seliger: 3D - absolutely love your content bro. Already learned so much from you🙏🏻🙏🏻
  20. @joinbluesaturn: Great video, very informative and appreciate the way you walkthrough everything! Do you have any recommendations on a similar strategy to use on Instagram?

- 5 Facebook Ads*  AI Tools to solve 90% of Problems 🔥: Kind: captions Language: en It's 2026, and just like Facebook ads have changed after the Android update , there are a lot of new tools for Facebook ads that you can use to make your work much easier. I have already created three videos related to Facebook Ads where I have talked about multiple tools that will help you a lot in strategizing, as well as creating ad creatives, creating ad copies and multiple things. But today I am going to tell you about five new and different tools using which you can understand the persona of your audience. It is also an all-in-one meta aids tool that will help you with multiple things. I'm going to talk about a tool that's exactly inside Meta Ads Manager and will act as your kind of assistant. I do n't waste time at all. Let's get straight into the video and learn about these five tools. Now you guys tell me one thing, at present there are only two biggest problems that people face in Facebook ads. First, they are not able to create creatives properly. Secondly, they are not able to target their audience properly. But what if I told you that I have a tool that can tell you how that ad will perform even before it goes live. It is a very crazy tool. This is an AI tool called Artificial Societies which literally works on just this thing. This tool has been tested on the behavior of more than 1.5 million people and it gives you results accordingly. Now for example, I have to cater to e-commerce owners. So here I can select them as a target audience and completely check how their mindset actually works. And at the end of the day how will this help me. I will be able to understand exactly how to target myself in ads. Which methods should I target and from whom will I get positive reviews and from whom will I get negative reviews. First let us understand the tool and then we will talk further. Now look, let's try a test here. I've come to the AI assistant here and I'm asking it for a topic for an Instagram post. Now as you can see it has given me a topic for the Instagram post and is explaining why this topic will work. Now basically, on the topic that I had given him, he has written an Instagram post and given it to me. And now it will stimulate this particular post. How will it stimulate? As you can see on the screen, it is distributing the same Instagram post to multiple audiences, i.e. virtual audiences, to check how it will perform. Now as you can see, look here the impact score has come that how many out of 100 has this specific post got? How much attention has it received? There is full partial ignore, how many people have ignored, he is telling me all these things properly after testing them in front of the virtual audience. Here I have given you a small example of how you can present any of your things in front of a virtual audience, whether it is an Instagram post or any of your social media content. You have your ads, you have your ad creatives, you have your target audience , you have your Twitter posts. You can check anything by stimulating it in front of a virtual audience. Now for example, suppose I want to create a society. So here first of all I will click on Create Target Society and add my e-commerce founder for example here and as soon as I stimulate it, it will create a complete target society related to my e-commerce owner. Telling me what they like. I just want to stimulate here either my ad or the content or article of the website, I can select anything from here. You can also test emails in front of a virtual audience. And at the end of the day it will tell you how he is performing. So if you are a beginner and are a little confused about which ads should I show to which audience, then this tool is definitely going to help you a lot. Now let's talk about our second tool. It is absolutely free to use. You can use it as many times as you want. Absolutely for free. And if till now you think that graphic aids do not perform in ads then you are completely wrong. If you have n't tried out graphic aids or image aids yet, you definitely should. And what is it that in today's time, making graphic aids has become very easy. You can create it very easily using AI. So I will not talk about that. You can generate your graphic aids using Simply Chat GPT, Gemini Nano Banana etc. But what if you had such an option, for example, you saw a competitor's ad on the ads library and it was getting very good impression count. You understood that yes brother, he is performing well. So what can you do in such a situation ? You can easily copy their winning graphic aids. And by copy I do not mean that you copy the exact same style. You can copy the structure of their winning ad and create exactly the same graphics for yourself with the help of this tool. Now that I am here. So first of all I will search the name of the tool. You will find links to all the tools I am telling you about below. Here we have specifically named this tool zps. Here comes an option that is free ad generator. Now first of all we will go to the AIDS Library. Here, for example, you can search any of your competitors. For example, suppose I searched for this brand. Now I will see which graphic ad is doing well for them. Let us find that first. Like it looks good. So here I just have to click on copy image. Now I go to some website and get something else from there. Like for example this one. Let's go here first. Here you can add whatever you want to your basics. Now we will paste the ad that we had copied from the Ads Library here. Paste from clipboard. If you want, you can also download it directly and upload it. I do n't want my logo added on it. If you want, you can also add your logo here. And I add my product here. Like I have to add this product for example. So I copied the link and pasted it from the clipboard. Here I have uploaded the winning ad of my competition and my product. Click on Remove Logo in Logo Options. Custom Instructions. You can add any custom instructions here. But I don't think it will be needed here. I just want exactly that type of ad. So let it be. Aspect ratio 1 feed only. And here you have to click on the options of Make a Unique and AI Improve. As soon as you click on it, it will create the same type of ad creative for you. But in a very unique way. Now here I do copy this ad for free and it will generate the graphic ad for me right away. Exactly like my competitors' winning ad creative. As you can see, it has replicated this really crazy graphic ad. If you want, you can also add your logo to it and use multiple winning graphic ads in your unique way so that you can scale your ads quickly. Now I move on to my third tool and I think this is a very important tool for every business owner , every freelancer and every marketer. And to access these tools you do not have to go to any external resource. You simply have to go to your own ads manager. And here you see a button on the right or left side which is a blue colored AI button. We call it Meta AI Business Assistant. If you ever face any problem in launching ads, like suppose you are not able to understand which adset is performing well, which ad creative is performing well, then you can ask all the things from this AI assistant and get it analyzed. In today's time, if you want to achieve results successfully in Meta, then one of the most important factor is that you can analyze your results properly and one of the best options for doing that is now available to you directly in Metads Manager. All you have to do is turn on this specific option. Your chat will open. Now for example I ask it a question that why analyze my result of the past 10 days and tell me which adset is performing better. So it will extract all its data and give it to me. So I do n't have to jot down multiple adsets, multiple campaigns. I can directly check which of my ad creative adsets is performing well. And even if you want, it can generate hooks and scripts for multiple ad creatives based on your winning ad creatives. As you can see on the screen. So literally Meta AI Business Assistant is your genuine assistant. It will help you in many things. And if you are a beginner , you are not able to understand, you are not able to understand some features, then you can definitely launch a good campaign by asking all these things from it. So if you haven't tried it yet, you definitely should. Two, all this is not available on Ads Manager right now but will be available very soon. Because it is about to be launched all India. Now let's move on to our next tool, and here you'll find a ton of free tools related to Facebook ads, all in one place. Its name is A mio AI, first of all we sign in here. Now here you have to come to their free tools section. As you can see, free AI, Image Ad Generator, UGC Image Creator, Free Photoshoot, Roast My Ad, Facebook Ads Report, Andromeda Readiness means basically you will get many tools here which will be very useful for you in Facebook Ads. Let's try using two or three of these. First, we try the AI UGC image generator. Here we just have to upload the image of our product. Let's upload the image first. Like for example this address, here you are also getting some styles of UGC. I have also added my product. No additional details have been given. Let's see how it creates it. As you can see, it has generated some very crazy UGC images. And apart from this they have many more options. Like Upload Your Facebook Ad and Get Hilarious Yet Insightful Roles That Will Help You Improve Your Ad Performance. Meaning, they basically roast your ad and tell you what performance you need to improve. Rest of the metas New Andrometa Update Changes Targeting Delivery and Optimization Here you can upload your ad creative and all the things and show it so that it will tell you whether your account is ready for Android update or not. Apart from this, you can also see that you will get more than 10 tools here, can improve your ad strategy. Now I am going to talk about our last number of tools which I guess very few people are using but is one of the most important tools. See, what usually happens is that if you generate sales or leads through your website, then you use pixel on your website. But suppose if a customer has installed an ad blocker or any type of blocker on the browser then the pixel is not able to track that specific data properly due to which your meta algorithm gets incomplete data. So in such situations, the best option is to install CAPI i.e. Conversion API and it is very easy to install it with the help of a tool that is Tapiio. This tool that I am telling you about is definitely not free. But this may be useful to you. Because it helps you a lot in tracking and setup from server side. Like I've come across all the tools. Here you basically have to go to Meta Conversions API Gateway Hosting in Products. Here you can directly integrate your meta's capi from here. And after that, your server, the Facebook ad server of your ad and the server of your website will share data directly with each other and you will not be dependent on any browser. So if you don't have the Convergence API installed, you can definitely try out Studio. These were five tools that you should definitely use and I think you might not have even heard about them yet. Definitely tell me how many of these you have used and if you have any new tools which everyone should use then tell me in the comment section so that it helps everyone and if you liked the video then like the video and subscribe to the channel because such good content on digital marketing is available only here.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Timelesswatches-d6r [12 likes]: Kyaa app meri brand ke liye kam karoge mujhe mere shopify ke liye sell lani hai
  2. @WorldTopInfo1 [1 likes]: Apni web design agency ka liya fb ads run kr skta Hain ? Profit ho ga kuch ?
  3. @AsadWriter-x3e [1 likes]: Main Ek video editor hun kya main aapki video edit kar sakta hun aapke sath kam kar sakta hun
  4. @daminitripathi: Starting from zero? Don’t overthink. Follow a proven path 👇  

👉Start E-commerce step-by-step: 

https://www.ecommerce.marketian.io  

👉 Learn Meta ads that actually convert: 

https://www.marketian.io/courses/Facebook-Ada--Video-Course-675d7f5ab3427a142bcfb60b  

Just implement. That’s it.
  5. @azadthakur.io1: Your are real tutor and creator 🥳🤛👊
  6. @karuntejabokka1559: Super
  7. @farouk9503: Paros wale YouTubers day by day 😎 really appreciated ❤ from 🇵🇰
  8. @Itdaaaaaaaaaaaaa: zuops payment mang rha hai
  9. @rockyvlogs3110: Mam mai apki videos mai roz dekhta hu kuch na kuch zyadatar facebook ads ke bare me 😊
  10. @specialist101: Why not TAGGRS as GTM server-side hosting?
  11. @RishabhSharma-dw5ii: Hello ma'am apke course me reporting related content nahi h kya, jisme client ko performance ki reporting kaise kate h vo btaya gya ho???
  12. @TheAdityavicky: I request you to stop minea ads promotion which is really not indian supportable and this is not to find winning ads but to help only dropshipper so be clear when you ae promoting this cant be a legement way to introduce some thing kind of this. for your reputation
  13. @TheCrossBeat: mam i run spoken english online tution center but i am not getting leads, kindly help me
  14. @jvrrealtors: Any latest fb course in 2026
  15. @jvrrealtors: How to jion your wtup group
  16. @Duggufun01: Mam,
For a ₹3000 handloom saree, how much minimum daily budget should I spend in a CBO campaign with 3 ad creatives?
Also, if I run it as an ABO campaign, how much should be the minimum daily budget?
Please guide me briefly.
  17. @Manishbrandbuilder: Best information, thank you 😊
  18. @Srichaitanyatechnonashik: Hello ma'am 
Please make a video on the New feature of Meta ad which is Manus AI
  19. @RjPawan-m8s: Mem mai Ads lagata hu Active bhi ho jata but money spent hone mai 5 hour ya 12 hour Aise le leta
  20. @vinoddhakre8522: Another gentle correction suggestion - it's not Adam igo but better pronounced as Ad amigo! (Amigo in Espanol means friend) 🙂

- Top 10 tools I use To CRUSH Facebook Ads in 2026: Kind: captions Language: en Look, your Facebook ads are only as good as the tools that you use to make them. Whether that's ad research, copywriting, ad creative creation, or tracking and optimization. The tools you use serve as the foundation to the success that you're going to have in your ad account. So, in this video, I'm going to show you the top 10 tools that I use on a daily basis to crush with my Facebook ads. And look, if you don't know who I am, my name is Blake Bower. I currently run a digital advertising agency called Jet Ads and we managed tens of millions of dollars and have generated close to hund00 million in total revenue for our clients. So, we've tested and tried basically everything in the industry and I filtered it all down to these top 10 tools that you can use today. So, going ahead and jumping in, the first thing that we need to talk about is ad research. This really serves as the foundation for all of your ad creatives and everything that you're going to be doing in the ad account. Your ads are really only going to be as good as the research that you have and knowing what's actually working, right? You don't need to reinvent the wheel here. Try to find proven formats that already work, proven copywriting styles, proven offers, right? And proven creative styles that are going to get you the best results. That's really the best way to start off. And we're going to jump into that first. First is the free method right here. And I've talked about this a lot, but it's a Facebook ad library tool. You should always be using this, especially if you're getting into a new market or have a new offer. You should always be keeping a pulse on your competitors. And this is the free tool. This is the Facebook ad library. And so, it's simple enough to use. I have other videos on the channel on using this. I'm not going to be getting into depth on how to actually use this tool, but it's simple enough. You can look for the actual country that you have, right? You can go all ads right here and you can search a keyword or you can look up specific advertisers to see exactly the ads that they're running. So, you can look up competitors, see what ads that they're running, and you know, typically what ads have they've been running for a long time. Those are their most profitable ads. Those are their most successful ads. And you can go ahead and emulate that. Now, there are other paid tools on the market which are going to essentially be a better version of the Facebook ad library and accelerate that process to research, help you find winning ads and actually pull out all of the scripts for you, download those ad creatives a lot easier and overall just do a lot better research. The one that I recommend most is Adria right here. It's uses AI and it kind of curates a feed for you and you can have so many more filters on this to find the best ads and save those ads and ultimately download them, get the winning scripts and develop ad creatives that are the most highly converting. So, I recommend checking this But I'll have a link in the description if you want to check this out. But again, if you want to just do the free version, Meta Ads Library is totally fine and that's what we use a lot of the time anyways. All right. Now, tool number two is actually going to be Zapier. Now, Zapier is an amazing tool if you've never heard of it. Essentially connects all of your other tools. So, it can connect your Facebook ads, your conversion events to your tracking if you don't have, you know, integrated tracking setup like Shopify has, which is still a recommended way to set up your tracking. But you can also do things like lead connection automatically into your CRM. And so for all of our lead genen clients as well as for ourselves, this tool is vital because we need to be getting those leads imported into our CRM so that we can properly track them and also get them into all of our email automations that we have on Facebook ads. And if you're an e-commerce brand, you can also still apply this. Use instant forms on Facebook ads. It decreases your cost per lead by a significant amount. and you can automatically import all of those leads into your actual email software, whether that's Clavio or Mailchimp. And so it makes it so much easier because this automatically connects those, allows you to tag all those leads, do everything that you would normally do. And this tool is really the connection between everything. So we use this for so many tools. We connect everything to Slack. We connect everything to Google Docs. And yeah, they pretty much have integrations for virtually like every software and tool that you could need. So stuff on your website, stuff on, you know, AI tools. You can also create automations there. I mean, there's really endless things that you can do with Zapier. And this is a vital tool. I would say if you're not already using some type of AI or like automation software like Zapier, you want to get on this number two tool, but honestly, one of the most important. All right, now moving on to tool number three. We're now going to be focusing on the ad creatives for these next few tools. Now, the first one that I recommend right here is Billow. And so Billow is a UGC creator platform that allows you to easily sign up and essentially pay per video for UGC creators. And this is a full library of UGC creators that do this for a living. They know exactly what type of tonality to use, how to actually cut the video up, how to make it engaging, all of those things that honestly AI can make the UGC videos, which I'm going to recommend some AI videos as well because you know you can do that. You can do those really well as well. But this makes it a lot easier and gets you the best quality UGC ads without having to try too much. It's a little bit pricier than some of the AI models, but you're paying for that experience and you're paying for, you know, real actors that actually use your product or service, right? Or or, you know, know what they're talking about. And so, you know, there is a certain level of quality that comes with that. And that's why I recommend, you know, UGC is one of the highest performing ad formats. And this platform is great to find the exact, you know, type of person that looks like your avatar that you want to speak to, the exact setting that you want them to film in. You can do all of those things and you're going to get the most professional videos with this and in all the right formats and everything like that. And this is optimized for, you know, Facebook ads and wherever you're running those ads. So, recommend checking this out. You can, you know, check out, you know, their e-commerce agencies apps. I'm not affiliated with Billow, but we've used them in the past and you can kind of see all the different services there. Pretty easy to get started. Again, it's paid. You know, it is a paid service and it's priced per video and so you can easily kind of get a quote and, you know, see what the pricing would look like to get your first few videos. All right. Now, tool number four, also on the ad creative front, this is one of our favorites. It's Creative OS. This is essentially a templated creative platform where you can create static ads from proven formats from top brands. And so it's another one, a paid solution here, but what you can do is you get proven static ad templates that you can copy over into Canva and easily customize them to fit your brand. And you also get proven email templates as well. So again, for e-commerce, this is super relevant, right? It's going to get you a ton of things set up and running without having to put in any work up front for yourself. Just a little bit of setup, but overall, you're going to get all of this winning formats for a low monthly cost, right? And so you can essentially pick your template, download, edit that, export it, bring it in, and do all of that for, you know, pretty low cost overall. We pay for the pro plan. And I'd recommend doing something like that, right? Even just starting out with one of these and getting the static ads could be super easy. Um, you know, it's only $20 per month now, and you get all the static ad templates. Yeah, you don't get some of the additional features, but honestly, you could probably just start with this if you're just looking to do static ads, and you could upgrade if you need, which is, you know, a little bit more ad templates, a little bit more of the brand library, um, add and the landing page stuff and the email stuff. Um, you know, you get access to that, but honestly, um, really, really good tool. Recommend this, uh, for developing all of your static ad creatives. All right, now tool number five. You knew this was coming up and we're talking about AI UGC ads, AI video ads. This is on the up and up. I've made videos about it. A ton of other creators have made videos about it, but AI UGC ads, it's only getting better and better. And I really love working with Arc Ads in particular because they are purpose-built to create UGC ads. And if you set it up properly and you follow the steps properly, you can get videos that honestly you can't tell at all look like AI besides like, you know, some like the brands, we all use the same kind of actors because they have a library of actors. And so that's really one of the only main ways to tell. But overall, you get really high quality UGC videos, 100% using AI with your entire script that you actually upload. And so, I've been partnered with these guys. I have other videos on the channel about how to use this platform, but essentially, you get a script, you choose some actors and then it will just spit out a ton of UGC that reads off your entire script. And you can take that video and you can actually edit it, you can remove the background, you can add that to a product overlay, you can do a bunch of different things to make it so that it fits with your brand and your actual ad. And for us, for our agency, we actually don't even need to overlay with anything. We don't need to do anything fancy. We can just upload a script and I use this speechtoech feature, which allows me to include my tonality and how I want to say the actual script. And we run that on our ads and we get really great results. Um, and this has another monthly cost, but again, well worth it and a lot cheaper than going through something like Billow, but the quality can vary. So, kind of be aware of that. But yeah, number one tool for AI UGC ads. All right. Now, tool number six is actually Gling. So, this is another AI tool that I like to use. It's specifically for like YouTube videos. However, I've actually used it for ads as well. And what it does is if you've ever, you know, done video editing or you actually make video ads and you have to cut everything out and you have a specific script and you're trying to cut out all the, you know, white noise, the dead noise or you mess up the script, uh, and all that, you know, all that stuff, all the little cuts. This essentially, you just upload your video and it removes all of that for you. Adds captions as well. And so it gives you a fully polished, clean video with your entire script that you can then just download and, you know, do other edits, overlay B-roll, whatever you need to do on the post. But this really speeds up that editing time so much. You can see you just upload your video right here, and you use AI with a click of a button, and it just edits everything for you. Cuts silences, removes bad takes, jumps to certain things, and you just get a fully clean video all just by uploading and pushing a button. So, another huge tool for ad creation that we use all the time. It speeds up our process so much. There is still again work on the post side of things, adding B-roll and all that. And, you know, these tools do have some B-roll overlay that you can add in. Honestly, it's not very good though. Um, the B-roll that they use sometimes is super questionable. So, AI is not quite there yet. But, just for straight video editing of raw footage, this is one of the best tools to save you so much time. And you can honestly do that for free. But, there is a watermark and so you need to pay to remove the watermark. But overall, great tool. Highly recommend to save some time on video editing. All right. Now, number seven. We couldn't talk about creating ads without mentioning Chat GBT or, you know, some type of AI platform. We use ChatGBT so much for ad creation. We do it for all of our copywriting, for all of our research, honestly, about how we should position certain products, what type of offers we should use, and just getting feedback on our funnel, on our website, on everything like that. Chat GBT is super helpful for that. You can crawl your website, you can get it to do research, and you can also use the things like these uh custom GPTs, and you can actually look up, you know, copywriting GPTs that specialize in Facebook ads to just give you ad copy in literally like a fraction of the time. So, if you just go here and search Facebook ads, so right here, you can see it. I searched Facebook ads, you can get a UGC video script generator. Uh, this is by Mr. Paid Social, so he's another YouTuber out there. And so you can just go in there, type in what you're looking for, and it's going to spit out some UGC uh scripts for you. Right? We talked about a lot of UGC scripts already today. This is a way to just spit that out for you. You can also do the meta ads copy wizard. I mean, there's a ton of different ones. You can also try all these ones out and just see what you like best. Or you could just do it inside of the actual chat GPT, you know, new chat section and just get a ton of different ad copy scripts, research, all of that. This is probably the number one tool. Um, Zapier is great, but honestly, we use Chad GBT even more than Zapier. Uh, and so again, recommend using something like Gemini, Chad GBT, or even Claude, uh, to generate all your copy, research, everything like that. All right, number eight is going to be Sora. So, we actually use Sora to generate a ton of different image ads. And yeah, it's just a game changer for us, especially for services and like local lead genen type offers. Not as great for e-commerce cuz it can kind of mess up your product and it's hard to get it exactly right. But even in that case, it can still work if you put some effort into it and are willing to kind of do multiple iterations to get it correct. Um, but Sora or some type of image generator is vital and learning how to use it to generate the types of image ads that you want for your offer. Highly, highly, highly recommend. I'll just show you here. Like in my media, we have a ton of different ads that we use for our agency. And you can kind of see some of the stuff that we play around with, right? So, we're actually running this ad right now. Old ad agencies are dead. Only pay when your ads scale. Get a free performance audit. This is entirely AI generated. You can see this is eye-catching. This is popping. And this is entirely AI generated. We didn't have to edit in, you know, the caption right here. We didn't have to make this image at all. We didn't have to write in any of the other captions. We just told AI what we wanted and it spit out a ton of different variations. And I have a different video on the channel of how to use Sora to generate AI. So, if you want ads that look like, you know, anything like this, right, I have a ton of different stuff here, honestly. And so, yeah, overall, I highly recommend checking out that video if you want to learn how to use Sora to generate ad creatives for virtually anything. again, especially for like lead generation offers and offers that don't have like a specific product that needs to be perfectly matched. Um, but again, even in that case, you can still use it. Um, highly recommend checking out that video so you can create ad creatives with Sora. This is also pretty much free. You can do this. Um, but you know, is recommended to get the paid version, but again, great tool. We use this all the time. All right. Now, number nine is Motion. And this tool is great especially if you're like an enterprise brand. if you're spending a lot on ads and there's multiple stakeholders, multiple people that look in the ad accounts, it's only for kind of select brands. But what this does is connect to your ad account automatically and gives you creative insights because you might have, you know, multiple creatives split across different ad sets and you want to see what's ultimately working at a glance, right, without having to go into the ad account or certain people don't want to go into the ad account. And what this does is it makes ads that win without getting lucky. It uses AI powered creative analytics so you know what's working, why it's working, and the exact ad to make next. And so we use this tool. It helps us kind of create a library uh of our actual creatives right here. And it gives us kind of this insight into the creatives that we're running. And so it tells us our rorowaz, it tells us our click score, convert score, and it kind of filters by what the top ads are with, you know, better than the meta ad platform itself can do. And so this serves as essentially just a better analytics, a better dashboard to look at. And so highly recommend that if you run a lot of ad creatives, if you do a lot of testing, this can really help breaking down that data a lot easier and help you get, you know, more insights into the top ads so that you can emulate those and continue to launch new ones uh to ultimately keep increasing your rorowaz. And lastly, number 10, once you have all of your ads done running, you need a way to better track those ads, especially when you're scaling above 10,000 20,000 per month in ad spend or more. I mean, the more you're spending, the more you know, better tracking becomes more important. And Hyros has been around for a long time. I personally really like using them, especially for call funnels. Um, but also they're getting way better at e-commerce as well. And Triple Whale is kind of, you know, I'm not as not as preferable anymore. And so, I really like Hyros. And they're also launching this new Hyros Air, which I haven't really tried out. But overall, to improve your ad tracking and to really get insights into what ad, you know, didn't actually get attributed in Facebook ads. You know, you'll see in Facebook ads, it attributes a certain ad to a purchase, right? But that doesn't tell the whole picture, right? And multiple ads can contribute to the purchase. And so what Hyros does is it really breaks down that data and gives you actual insights into what ad is giving you truly that rorowaz and truly those sales so that you can make better decisions and cut losing ads that are actually underperforming and put more spend into the top ads. And overall, it does that in a way that's super simple to set up. And what you can do as well is set up the high-ros pixel which also feeds back more data. And so especially if you have like a callunnel or a more complex funnel or some type of LTV as well. It'll feed that data back into the pixel to make further optimizations around higher lifetime value customers around, you know, leads that actually turn into buyers and things like that. And so Hyros is a is a really great tool. Again, recommend once you're at a certain level of spend. And they work with pretty much all the big spenders in the industry. and they connect to your Facebook ads, but not only that, Google, um, Tik Tok as well. And again, um, for a lot of different industries, but great for e-commerce, great for info, great for call funnels, agencies, things like that. So again, recommend checking out Hyros as well. And there you go. Those are my top 10 tools to crush Facebook ads. So if you're serious about leveling up your Facebook ad game in 2026, I highly recommend checking out some of these tools, if not all of them. And if you did have any questions about any of the tools used, drop me a comment below. I'm happy to get back to you and chat about those tools further or if you have any other options or any other tools that you think are even better that I should have recommended. Also, drop those in the comments. Also, I'm trying to get to my first 10,000 subscribers. So, I would really appreciate if you subscribe to the channel right now. Help me get to that goal and also like the video so I can reach more people. I really, really do appreciate it and it does go a long way. And thank you so much for watching the video. I hope to see you on some future videos and there'll probably be a recommendation here here with another video to watch. So with that, thank you so much for watching and I hope you have an awesome rest of your day. See you.

  Top Comments:
  1. @FASIYA-z1p [1 likes]: You can show your skills. You can support my small businesses
  2. @sportingarenatv7495: Thank you for sharing
  3. @GuaranteedPPC: What I am still looking for is a tool that will scrape the ad library for me, and and document which ads are running, and for how long in an entire niche (cross comparing them all to one another).

- 🚀 B2C Database 2026 | Trends, Insights & Growth Strategies: Kind: captions Language: en Customer life cycle data management focuses on tracking and organizing data across every stage of the customer journey. From awareness to retention, B2C databases capture interactions that reveal evolving needs and behaviors. Effective life cycle management enables businesses deliver timely, relevant communication at each stage. It also helps identify dropoff points and opportunities for engagement. By maintaining a complete life cycle view, teams can align marketing, sales, and support strategies. This approach improves retention, upsell opportunities, and overall customer value. Managing life cycle data effectively requires integration, consistency, and analytics. When done well, customer life cycle data management transforms fragmented interactions into cohesive, meaningful experiences that drive long-term business growth. Thank you for watching. Subscribe for more videos.

- 2026 Marketing Strategy: Own Your Data: Kind: captions Language: en Guys, so 2025 has been a whirlwind of a year. There's been an emergence of brand new technologies, uh, uh, uh, some some standing of the old guard, right? Some strategies and things that will still be effective moving forward, some things that maybe we need to put to rest. And in this next series of lessons, what we're going to be breaking down is what's worked well in 2025 measured statistically shown to have the best results, which gives us a good indicator into what's going to work well at least in the beginning part of 2026, as well as some of the things that didn't work well. Um, and this very first part of it, guys, what I like to do when we are introducing these sort of uh modules and these lessons series is start with something foundational, right? start with the the elements that we need that are going to set us up for success for the rest of what we're going to learn. And just like in the curriculum I was just showing, right? In this sort of all of our founder coaching curriculum, it's the same thing, right? We have these foundational lessons up here that are about how to craft your ideal value proposition, right? How to craft your value um sorry your your ICPS, your ideal customer profiles and those value propositions that um accommodate to and speak to those people. Those are all examples of foundational lessons. And moving now into 2026 in the age of AI and things like that, I want to do the same for you here. And uh I have a little presentation that's going to kick this off for us. So we're going to go ahead and um jump into this. The first thing guys in this in this first module, what I want to talk about is data, right? Um the the times passed where you could like buy a phone book, right? people are still purchasing lists, but I'm here to say that that opportunity, that methodology is is disappearing, right? It's becoming less effective for a number of reasons. So, if we're looking at these services that provide lists, right? Um, first of all, that information is now almost publicly available. There's a million tools you can use to scrape all of that data that's available from these third-party data providers. The second thing to be to realize is regulations are tightening, privacy is tightening. There's so many things that are happening around these this data that um like if you're purchasing a list, those are not opted in. They don't know who you are. They're not warmed up. There's not even a guarantee that they're valid or accurate contact points. And so that's what third-party data is looking like, right? It's tightening is inaccurate. And the ability to leverage that thirdparty data is decreasing. Again, third party, what does that mean? means you're buying a list from somebody. You're saying, "Hey, do you have emails and phone call phone numbers and information from people that I want to use and that I can then go call and text message and email and stuff." Well, that like again multiple parts of that world are now changing and disappearing, right? There's not in the US at least, there's not any place where you can go buy a list of phone numbers that you can then text message, right? SMS is opt-in only or should be if you're a real legitimate business following regulation. You shouldn't be cold text messaging people from thirdparty data because they haven't opted in to receive communications from you. So that's an example of first what third party data is an example of the regulations and things that are happening around that third party data versus first party. So what I'm here to encourage you guys to do is take your business by the horns. take your life, your future under your control and let's begin working on firstparty data. Let's get better at generating our own firstparty data. Not only generating it, but qualifying it, enriching it, you know, cleaning it, you know, making sure it's it's maintained. That's what this introductory lesson is about because as again we move forward into the future here, a lot of that public data is going to be commoditized, right? Any AI tool can scrape all the public emails. So, it's not about, oh, well, how many emails can I purchase from a provider? It's going to be more about how can you get the people to say, hey, here's my email. Here's my phone number. Why don't you contact me with your offer? Because the conversion rate, the efficiency, the effectiveness of those types of messages is going to be 10 and 100x what these, you know, buying a list and spamming them is going to be. That world, guys, where you could buy a list and set up a million, just blast a million emails to somebody and have that be effective. Um, I would say it's gone even at this point, right? That that's not something that's that anyone would recommend, any professional would recommend that you do for a business, you know, mass email, you know, spam purchased lists. It's not really effective these days. And but what is effective is firstparty data. So guys, I wanted to kick this off with the shift that's happening. This is not brand new, right? This has been over the last several years. Last year was the email apocalypse, right? 2024 where you can't cold email people anymore. can't mass cold email people at all. Your sender reputation is going to get tanked. Your deliverability is going to become um shortened and and reduced when you try to do these things. So again, just more examples, more direct examples of how these regulations are cracking down on third party. If they're not cold, if they're your contacts and they're opted in, you don't hit those same uh limits as cold email, right? As 50 per domain per day type of thing because they're opted in. So anyway, this is all to set the the story, set the the lens of what's happening in the end of this year, moving into next year, and how we can prepare ourselves and equip ourselves to have a business, right, to be successful in in moving forward. And it's going to be less about where you can purchase third party data and more about how you can generate, qualify, and enhance your own firstparty data. So if any questions on confusion between first and third and what regulations and things like that, go ahead, let them rip, let me know. We'll we'll discuss those further. But that is uh the state of what's happening. So let's go ahead and um continue. So why this first party versus third, right? First party data is this means you've captured an email, you captured a phone number, they filled out a form, a digital online or an in-person form, right? This is firstparty data that you have generated, captured, qualified yourself. These are channels that you own, right? Your website, your social media profile, your dub landing pages with a form capture on there. All those are examples or or like an open house sign if you're in real estate or something. All those examples are first party. They're much more accurate typically and we can verify their accuracy. I'm going to show you guys a couple of nice resources for, you know, quality and enhancement accuracy. It's personalized. These people have opted in to receive the communications. So, we're not hitting the limits. We're not hitting the spam reports. All the all the negative things that happen in that third party data world don't happen here because they've know that you're going to communicate with them. They've said, "Yes, please communicate with me." Are there caveats? Right? Are there trade-offs? Yet, you can buy a million emails at once. How useful are those million emails? That's to be determined based on a bunch of factors, but or you can generate your own. Is it more expensive, timeconuming, maybe more difficult to generate your own? Yes, but you have all these other benefits. It's future proofing your business, right? You're not sending emails to people that are like, who is this? Why are they emailing me? Let me mark this as junk or spam. Or you're sending them a text. You're like, I don't know who this is. Let me mark this as junk or spam. Those are what that's what happens with thirdparty data far more often than our first party data. So again, this is just a painting the rest of the picture. the other half right I showed why third part is going away why it's sort of problematic the limits and issues with that and this is why first party is so much better and again there it is a little bit more difficult to to gather first party data but that's here what or that's why we have this technology why we're going to show you the rest of what this training is about to make it easier to capture these people to make it easier to qualify and nurture and do everything that you're supposed to do with your first party data. So again, just a extrapolated definition of first party versus third party. I think should be pretty clear now. Um the difference between those and if you're we we kind of discussed this already, right? If if you're sending to third party the the limits, the spam reports, the headaches, the lack of result. That's one thing that's often actually it's not even listed here and not talked about a lot. You go and buy a list, you have high hopes, right? you have high hopes for this project, this business, this venture you're doing, and you go and purchase this list cuz someone said that's what you should do or what your thoughts are, whatever. You buy this list and you're like, "Okay, I have a hundred,000 people, so that means if I get a 1% conversion rate, I'm going to make a million dollars. It's going to be amazing, right?" And then you send all the emails and texts and phones and then you have a 0.001% 001% conversion rate and your email reputation was tanked and your phone number reputation was tanked, blocked as blocked, you know, flagged as spam, marked as junk. So now you're not even set up to be able to do anything again. So not only were your your your inspiration, your motivation, right, that was crushed because you had this expectation that was frankly unrealistic based based on that that route that we're going. So anyway, those are some hidden costs, guys, of using that third-party data, setting yourself up for failure, and not setting yourself up for future success. Um, is there some world where that's still possible, right? Yeah, sure. But is is the likelihood of that happening is like the the moonshot, right? It's very rare and unlikely that you will purchase lists and have some amazing outcome from the beginning. It's it's extremely difficult and unlikely. Um, and instead, we're going things uh the the proper route, right? the way that every coach and consultant that's, you know, or white hat sort of AI chat, whatever you're asking for, general business advice, they're going to tell you the the right way of doing things and the wrong way of doing things. Once upon a time, this was the right way, right? You bought the list and you spammed the list. Once upon a time, that worked and we're no longer there. So, that that's why I'm, you know, stressing the importance, guys, of this first party data and avoiding those behaviors that, you know, maybe were successful in the past but are going to not be successful here moving into the future. And also the not the only the tactics and strategies but the behaviors and the mindset, right? This idea that oh we can just acquire infinite amounts of third-party data and blast them and spam them as much as we need until we get the result that we want. It's a it's a dying uh strategy. So anyway, couple of of answers to this for you guys. what we have done, right? What what my job as the co-founder here as as a as your guys' resource is we always want to provide both the the technology and the strategy and training behind some of this stuff. So, um this is going to actually be this is this is a little this is one one step ahead. Let let me come back. The first thing I want to do is talk about what Dub has done to capture firstparty data. Um there's going to be several things on this. the presets, the landing pages, um capturing testimonials, posting to social media, right? Um there's going to be several things on here, one to many messages. There's uh even using AI to capture leads. So, there's several several different lessons here um on how to capture and these are full lessons of course that I can't jump into entirely. All these are available at your guys's convenience, right? It's like a college course at your convenience on how to do all these things. Um, but just very briefly what that looks like. First, there's forms, right? Forms are the most convenient way to capture first-party data online. It's super simple and straightforward, right? First name, last name, email, questions, custom fields. If you're having questions about how to create forms on Dub, no problem. There's lots of training and resources available there. Um, you can also integrate thirdparty forms into Dub and the CRM and technologies and stuff like that. I only mentioned forms because it's the simplest, probably the most common way of collecting firstparty data online. Forms in person, right? Like if you're if you're a physical business, a form of some type. In fact, I'd level that up. Go QR code to a form, right? And with Dub, you every video has a QR code that has a form beneath it and you in a video explaining the form. So landing pages like these here, right? dub video landing pages with forms or calendars. And then there's also the AI. The AI can also capture leads. So these are all different ways, right? A form, a calendar, the AI chat, all different ways that you can use Dub to capture firstparty data. Now, what you're doing with that data, that's autoresponders. You're triggering automation sequences. um you're creating manual tasks for you to to follow up or for your sales team or something to to um go after those opportunities. So what you're doing with that data and how you're capturing it, these are technologies that Dub completely provides and supports for you. Trainings available all the time on any one of these things on demand or live, right? The live trainings every day, chat every day, one-on-one support for every every client. So this is just so you guys are aware this top of funnel the capturing firstparty data this is exactly what dub is built for right generate content which is back up here right you're understanding your ICP posting to social understanding your niches all these foundational all the way to the the top automated messages it's all about what we're talking about right now which is creating content to capture firstparty data which leads right in order to grow your That is essentially what a lot of this uh these lessons are around and that isn't the first part of this presentation. Capturing the data. What this slide is actually about is cleaning up that data. First party data is only as is good as long as it's accurate. Right? If you have an email of somebody and they put a fake email there, that does you absolutely zero. And in fact, it's a negative. It's going to hurt your score just like the bad third party data would. So, first Dove has a phone number cleanup tool. If you guys have a list of numbers and you're like, "Well, one is plus one and the other one is one dash 91 and the other one has parentheses." And it uncertain about your phone numbers and you're looking to do SMS marketing, Dub has a phone number cleanup tool built right inside of it. Here, just one second. I'm going to show you guys this. Um, just want to make sure I don't show anybody else's phone numbers. So, here, like this. if you all you have to do is have the phone numbers in your dub contact CRM and then you can click right here and use the phone number cleanup tool. So that's one idea of normalizing of cleaning up contact data. And this this concept guys extremely important. Again, the data is only worth anything if it's accurate. If you have a phone number that goes nowhere, there's no value, right? So um keeping your data maintained, hygienic, that stuff, that's really what this is about. First is phone number cleanup. The second thing, guys, emails, right? Making sure the email is deliverable. It's not just that it's a catchall or um a a junk free email like a mailinator or something, right? You want real good emails that people actually are going to open potentially. And you only want to send to those. If it's a um if you guys are aware of all these uh they're called um disposable emails or email traps or whatever mailinator melaninator is one. There's a whole list of these guys, right? And you'd never want to send emails to those things because they go to a black hole that no one's going to open or receive or have and that's only going to hurt your reputation. So, just an example of a different type of cleanup. There's of course bad emails that the emails are just not good. Then there's those types of emails like disposable and catchalls and stuff. My point of saying all this is we are going to provide you a email cleanup service. Normally if you go to do this right uh clean email list this is a cost. This is not a free thing. In fact it can become sometimes expensive. It can be like a a penny per email or something ridiculous I've seen where that's what they want to charge you. Right. Let's see here. um pricing for so they want $125 to clean $25,000 emails. I don't know what the math. So it says look uh half of a penny per email in my opinion ridiculous. If you guys need uh if you're unsure you need help with cleaning an email list, um this is something we're going to be providing to our our clients. So, if that's something you need right now, if I would say never send a bulk email or trigger an automation or do anything in outreach if you're not 100% certain or as close to 100% certain as you can be that your emails are cleaned. This is a service we're going to provide. We're piloting some technology internally right now. It does this automatically. So, you guys won't even have to request it here moving into the future. Um, but for right now, because the limits and things on it, it's still in a beta sort of test. We would like to um have that be fulfilled upon request. So, if you're need a email list cleaned, work with us. If it's a giant list, it might take some time. If it's something smaller, a couple thousand, um, let us know. We're happy to provide this for you. The reason, again, we want to provide the technology and the strategy and the convenience for you guys to grow your business without having to learn and build and do and buy a bunch of other stuff. That That's my mission for you guys. Everybody that's watching this video or in these sessions, I want to make your life and your business easier in whatever ways that we can. Like small things like this. Why go pay 125 bucks to clean your list when we can help? So, that's an offer from us for you. Um, duplication detection. This is one of those things like this is an automatic process. Just one of the examples of automatic processes um inside of the Dub technology and things like that as well where we'll avoid sending to bad. We'll we won't send to duplicates, right? We won't you won't hit duplicates twice. There's a lot of features in here, safety sort of rails, guards, whatever that we've built to help avoid a lot of issues like that. So, the idea here, there's three different types of of cleanups. One is a manual where you're going to click something to clean something up, right? Whether it's tagging, filtering, uh cleaning up. The second is by request if you need support with something like cleaning a list or uh organizing or importing or whatever. That's the by request, the service that we will provide on an ongoing basis to help you. And then the last example here, the third thing, the technology is the things that sort of automatic processes and things that are happening um behind the scenes. So, three different examples of what we're doing to help you guys avoid problems and, you know, be more efficient and effective uh as we continue to progress. So, all right, this is an actual like to-do list, right? This is something that if you're doing these things regularly, like you're posting to social or you're doing some form of lead genen, maybe it's inerson conferences or online ad, whatever it is, this is something that you're actively doing. Like a lot of people don't do this, right? A lot like I have a book of business and I just remarket and touch my sphere. And that's that's the thing, right? But for those of us that are uh growing a list, right? We're we're posting, we're generating leads, we're doing something. And this is something that you should be doing on an ongoing basis, right? Removing the bounced emails eventually. That's the beta right now where this should happen automatically. For now, we have a service that we're going to provide for you for every customer where we can help clean your emails for you. We don't sending to balanced emails is not good for anybody, right? You get reputation damage, no deliverability, no result. We get a client that had suffering, right? You guys are suffering. That sucks. So we both we both should avoid that. So we want to help you with that. Um removing bounced emails fields um having things like the tags and segmentation. There's going to be some additional information around segmentation that guys it comes back to this the foundational lessons as well. Your ICPs segment segmenting your audiences. You can have more than one ICP, right? Like we have 33% of our business is is in real estate and investors and agents and things like that. And then there's another chunk that's in every other professional service, right? Mortgage and insurance and uh financial adviserss. So we would technically have more than one ICP. We wouldn't speak to financial adviserss the same exact way that we spoke to real estate agents, right? So that's what these lessons are about. And that's also what this lesson uh in general about the shift right your first party data segmenting it standardizing those labels. Do you have one group of people and group you know buyers and sellers um old leads and new leads hot leads leads interested in product A or product B? That's what we're talking about here is is segmenting cleaning up that first party data. And this is a regular thing. Like I said, if you're growing, if you're doing this as a you're posting, you're running ads, you're generating new contacts, doing this on a regular basis is what I'm recommending because otherwise then you have this giant list of stuff that gets old and you know, some of it's inaccurate, some of it's relevant. Maybe you feeling lazy and you go to blast that list. You're like, well, I ran ads and then boom, you got yourself in a trap again. So that's why these are are regular things, right? This isn't a one-time only thing. Um, duplicates, that's that's one of the automatic things. stale contacts. Guys, this is something that I'm trying. We actually have a feature again that we're piloting internally where if somebody has never opened one of your emails, right? You've sent them 10 messages and they never opened a single one, you actually do not want to continue to send to that person. Doesn't benefit us, right? If they've never opened it, at this point are our senders going to start sending us stuff to their junk anyways because they're like our emails are are junk to them, right? They're not opening them or caring about them. So the email service providers say, "Well, to to this person, your stuff is junk, so we're going to send it junk." And because you're not such a good email sender, you're just sending junk to people. We're going to lower your deliverability scores. So that's what this uh fresh contact, stale contact, it's another layer of what we're talking about, right? Of a layer of data quality, which is how old is this contact? How what are their behaviors that are determining their age or their engagement? So um again lots of little levers or or fields to be aware of right who are they like which tag which field which segment do they belong in are they old are they new are they unengaged are they only mobile right there's all these different ways to segment our data and guys I know this sounds like a lot of work but I want to tell you something because we are in the age of AI this is all 10 times easier than it used to be a thousand times infinitely easier than it used used to be. If you had two data sets, right? You had one sheet of 10,000 contacts and another sheet of 8,000 contacts and you wanted to do some comparisons between those things, you were either going to have to go take a course on Microsoft Excel or whatever, right? A a sheet course and like learn how to do formulas and advanced stuff between comparisons. Not easy, right? Hours and hours of hours of work to either learn or to master those skills and then to do them manually. That's not the case anymore. Right now we have AI. Literally just chat GPT or Grock or any of these tools you know uh Claude you can throw your sheets upload your CSV file directly and say compare these two data sets tell me are there similarities what are the commonalities what are the differences between these two data sets the reason I'm saying this guys is because what used to we used to have an easy excuse to get out of some of this stuff right to get out of some of these things oh well check the quality and check the check that you know see are there duplicates between these two lists that used to be hard. It's not hard anymore. You can literally upload sheets to to AI and ask them almost anything. Um there's also it can do a lot of scraping for you. It can fill in the gaps, right? It can can can say, "Hey, this business is located here. These people based on and this a lot of the stuff that I'm showing about the gaps and things and data comparisons, this is more B2B. It's, you know, AI doesn't have uh in secret insights on regular consumers very well, right? It's not like has secret FBI CIA information on regular people. Not so great for for BTOC for some of the gaps and things like that, but it is for uh data management, right? Like, hey, put, you know, based on these IP addresses, put all these IP addresses into a group. That's something AI is excellent with. Um, comparing data sets, things like that. So the the reason I'm showing this these two slides guys is AI has made it ex astronomically easier to do some of those tedious uh me you know tasks the the mental gymnastics of data sheets and comparisons and cleanup so much easier. So between guys, any AI tool, look at this prompt, right? Compare these two sheets, merge them into one sheet, remove the duplicates, update the fields. This would have taken a person hours probably if they didn't know how to do it already, even more hours, right? This is now a 30- secondond prompt that's accomplishable. So your first party data that whatever you've gathered over the weeks, months, or years you've been in business is more valuable than ever before as we continue to move forward. But again, the value is only based on how clean and wellmaintained. And this is how we're going to do that. So much easier now than before. Okay, here is just the the step by step, right? Um of of what this whole system looks like. We talked a little bit about this collecting the emails. This is with forms, calendars, AI, lead capture, right? We showed some of the technologies that we're doing and the strategies, right? The technologies and the strategies are here in the curriculum of how to leverage technology and a strategy to capture this first party data. That's always the first thing. And maybe you have a list already. You already have first-party data. Cleaning this. I mentioned several different opportunities. There's the manual things where you're clicking the phone number cleanup tool where you're applying tags to segment your data. Right? Those are manual activities for cleanup. Then you have dubs services. I mentioned we'll clean emails for you. we'll scrub the we'll clean up phone numbers for you. We'll try to help you in whatever way that we can from a technology and technical standpoint. Um so that whether they're old contacts or new contacts or ongoing, you know, coming in fresh contacts, making sure they're clean, organized, enriching. This one's really more again about about a B2B um like locations and and putting contacts into certain groups and things like that, scoring them based on business profiles and activities, right? If they just raised money, that's going to increase a score of a businessto business opportunity because they just raised funds, right? They have money to buy stuff. You don't know that about a regular consumer. So, the enrichment stage is more about uh B2B than B TOC. Um segmenting though, extremely important for every audience, right? We were talking about cleaning and uh organizing the data to make it as valuable as it can be. Are they buyers? Are they sellers? Are they old? Are they new? Have they never opened? Have they opened every email? Those are different examples of how we can begin segmenting our contacts. And there's tools and strategies and processes for every single one of these things. the coaching curriculum will will show you how to organize things with tags, um, with things like prospects, your ICPs. It's mostly with within the dub system, a lot of it's tagging, so it's not complicated, right? You don't feel overwhelmed. Oh my god, segments. What does that mean? Just tags, right? Different list with different tags. Um, the last thing, if you're, of course, to launch to to launch this entire strategy of you guys doing this with regularity, right? It's like going to the gym. You got to sign up for the gym first and build your exercises. Organize your routine. Go to the gym. It's the same thing. It's a hygiene thing. It's a health thing. Uh and again, just just like our physical health more important than ever before, right? It's how how well can we take care of ourselves and our business and our data to protect and to grow moving into the future here in the age of AI. So guys, that's the quick lesson. a lot of lot of stuff packed into a little bit, but you see I've I've broke out into little sessions for each one of those. So whether you have questions or concerns or comments on any single section of that, I've shown you some resources to to dive deeper into whatever part that you're stuck with. And now for the the privileged few that are here in the group for us live, we're going to end the recording and and jump into a discussion. So thanks guys and we'll we'll see you next time.

- What is AI Data Management? Discover, Clean, & Secure Data with AI: Kind: captions Language: en What is AI data management? Well, consider the data management life cycle. So we have a collection stage, a data collection stage. We have a data cleaning stage, a data analysis stage, and then a data governance stage. And this is all in a life cycle, well, AI data management is simply using AI technologies to help automate or streamline each of these stages, and the goal is to make enterprise data accurate, accessible and secure so organizations can fully use it, which is easier said than done because we're usually talking about a lot of data here. Now in a recent information management report, 64% of organizations said that they manage at least one petabyte of data, and that data is rarely in one place. It's spread out across many systems and formats. So let's take a look at four ways that AI data management can help, starting with data discovery. So businesses receive data from all sorts of places. That could be internal databases, it is, it could be. From cloud services, it could be IOT sensors, just to name a few. And this data often ends up distributed in silos in different places, so across different departments or different cloud accounts or different local machines, and often with no central visibility. Now, there's a term for this and it's called shadow data, and shadow data means data assets that an organization isn't managing might not even be aware of. And if you can't see your data, you don't know where it is, or even if it exists at all, there's not much you can do with it. In fact, it's estimated that 68% of an organization's data goes unanalyzed and therefore unused. So that's two thirds of data that may be dark data stored at cost, but providing no value. So how can AI data management help us out? Well essentially, AI can automate data discovery. So let's think about how it can do that. One way is using something called smart classification. Now machine learning algorithms can learn to classify data by content. So for example, by analyzing the contents of a file, we can determine if a document is a contract or an invoice or a resume. By automatically labeling the data with metadata, these tools make hidden data more visible and more searchable. Now, NLP, or Natural Language Processing, plays a part in smart classification, but it can also be used for processing unstructured text. For example, an NLP system could parse thousands of free-form text documents like emails and reports. It can pull out entities from those documents, like names, dates, or product codes, and therefore effectively turn that unstructured text. Into structured records in a catalog. And AI can also help with relationships as well. Specifically, relationships detection. Now, this is inferring relationships between different data sets, like how maybe item SKU in an e-commerce database corresponds to a product ID in a warehouse spreadsheet. All of this helps in discovering data linkages across silos. So that's data discovery, but what about data quality? Well, it's all very well getting access to data. That's great, we need this data. But what if this data is actually bad data? Bad data can cause more problems than no data at all. Because if data is inaccurate or it's inconsistent or incomplete or just outdated, the AI models or business decisions based on it will be unreliable. So how can AI data management help us out here? Well, some of the low hanging fruit comes just with some basic automated data cleansing operations. Now this is basic stuff like validating that all entries in a column follow a valid format and fixing those that don't, but AI-powered data management can also help fill in fields with missing values entirely. And that is using something called synthetic data generation. Now, what this is doing is it's supplying plausible values where no values were otherwise provided. So if a salary value is missing, the AI system could predict that value based on somebody's role, and their experience, and their location, by learning from other complete records. Now there's a careful path to trade here because a good estimate can be better than having no value, but straight up bad data from a poor forecast causes, as we've said, more problems than no data at all. Now the pattern matching capabilities of AI make it very well suited anomaly detection. This is detecting anomalies in specific data sets. AI algorithms can profile a data set and alert when incoming data doesn't fit past patterns. So if a daily sales file usually has about 100,000 rows and then suddenly it has a million rows, well, an AI observability tool will flag that as a potential data issue. These AI techniques reduce the need for humans to painstakingly clean the data and they work hand-in-hand with rules-based approaches based on business rules, like a order value cannot be a negative value. So that's data quality. Now even if data is collected and cleaned it's only valuable if people can get to it when needed. Data accessibility issues arise when data is locked in silos or when the data is only available via a complex tool or some sort of restricted cumbersome process. Data silos and slow access, they do more than just frustrate users, they can also lead to inconsistent versions of the truth, because different teams rely on whatever subset of data they can just get a hold of. So there's things we can do for this, and one thing we can is we can streamline data integration, which is the process of combining data from different sources. So this is one way that AI data management can help because traditionally data engineers had to write ETL pipelines with lots of manual mapping rules, but now AI enabled integration tools can automatically detect relationships between data sets and then suggest how to join or merge them together. Now, natural language data query is a method that lets people query and interact with data just by asking. So instead of writing code or SQL queries, user can ask show me last quarter's sales by region in plain English and then an AI powered system will understand the intent, translate that into an appropriate database query and then return the result. And then also we have adaptive controls as well. So adaptive access controls determines who can access the information. So rather than applying a static rule that either allows or denies access to a whole data source, AI-driven systems can implement contextual access, detecting what a user typically accesses and then applying those same access rules to other datasets where permissions have not yet been manually granted. And that brings us nicely on to the final topic. You see, I've got this nagging voice in my head telling me that no discussion about AI data management is complete. Without discussing data security. Hey, Martin, what about data security? Yeah, that voice. Well, the problem statement for data security today is basically, how do we enforce all of the policies and detect threats when there's so much new data coming along? And this is where AI is increasingly being applied. Now, traditionally, data loss protection, Well, that was really relying on rules. So for example, a rule to detect credit card numbers and to block them from being emailed, but AI driven DLP tools, they can detect much more than just things that look like a credit card sequence. An AI model can detect all sorts of personally identifiable information or learn what a source code file looks like versus a financial document. Once that data has been classified correctly, rules-based policies can then make sure it's protected. Now, another one is UEBA. That's user and entity behavior analytics, and that can employ Ai to monitor how users typically access data and then to flag deviations. And then one we're probably all familiar with is fraud detection. Those are algorithms that can analyze transaction data in real time to spot fraudulent patterns that a set of predefined rules just might not catch. In essence, AI complements the traditional rules-based security measures by adding a layer of smart surveillance and adaptive control. Ultimately, when data is discoverable and clean and accessible, it fuels more informed insights and better decision making. AI data management can help make that a reality by bringing greater control and consistency to how data is used.

  Top Comments:
  1. @alexbarnes6367 [10 likes]: Can we all just appreciate how well he can write backwards? 😂
  2. @mwangimukuha [7 likes]: As a Kenyan data professional, I approve this message. Thank you IBM
  3. @mert1919sjsk [5 likes]: So these are classic ETL, data preprocessing, and feature engineering steps, I suppose. We used to perform them with manually built pipelines, but now we can automate these steps using AI.

But how exactly? Are we supposed to build workflows with n8n? Create agents? Or perhaps write code?
  4. @ugwunnapraise6378 [4 likes]: Smart classification is definitely the game changer.
  5. @LoveYourFamily2 [4 likes]: 8:35 😂 well that was unexpected 🤣
  6. @azharalibhutto1209 [1 likes]: Great ❤❤❤❤
  7. @Albert_the_great-r8p [1 likes]: The right video at the right time. Fantastic!
This so-called coincidence is always really good.
  8. @artbybigvee [1 likes]: Great content.
  9. @Scoop-Analytics: Clearly connect AI techniques to real-world data problems, without exaggerating the technology or ignoring the downsides 😀😃
  10. @turf_net: How much do you think YouTube makes off the data from this video?
  11. @RAhandle1818: Very informative. Thanks
  12. @TriPham-j3b: On demographic problem cic is important jobs but if in foreign place is important but in a nuance of comunication but must match certain compatible on standard. This is good algorithm or MIS
  13. @TriPham-j3b: Some governments and military data are untouchable and some even being frequently erases for safety ect so what we mean data
  14. @robert.murray: From a privacy SME perspective a main consideration to consider when doing all this discovery, classification, etc. is should we even have the data?  Do we have the proper consent if it is personal data?  Do we have a legitimate business purpose to keep the data?  The shadow data out there is likely a gold mine of personal data that should NOT be kept.
  15. @rexyooper1: I need to extract and organize data out of thousands of Excel spreadsheets, many of which are based on the same template.  Is it possible to utilize AI to do this? Just curious about the scale of these AI techniques. This video gives me hope that I can get the data out of spreadsheets and into a relational database.
  16. @Roy-zt7sl: Excellent info.. was always curious on data prep part as building MCP over it..
  17. @florentromanet5439: Brilliant! Switzerland also approves 🇨🇭
  18. @kylemorton9767: Good explanation

- Customer Data Platforms in 2026: Kind: captions Language: en [music] Hello and welcome to Tech Transformed, the podcast that explores how technology is reshaping the enterprise landscape. I'm your host, Christina Stadopoulos, founder of Dare to Data. I'm joined by Joe Pulle, director of product management at Unifor. CDPs emerged over a dec decade ago as these monolithic systems that were promising a single unified view of the customer. But years later, the market began moving away from that approach. So from your perspective, from your experience, what pushed organizations to rethink the monolithic model that they were using and then how did that trigger the rise of composability which we'll be talking a lot about today? And then as well if I can ask as you address all of this can you explain both approaches for our audiences. >> So when we say definition of a monolith what you're basically saying is hey here is this ecosystem where you have to bring your data in basically meaning you have to copy your data from one place or multiple places to this one place create some sort of a unified view and then ultimately use that data to deliver downstream uh to these channels where you're running campaigns. Now one of the other things for a monolithic uh CDP is also a rigid data model. Um so most CDPs that started back then had uh very uh specific rules on how data and what how data should be modeled and what data you could actually bring into the ecosystem. Now that was how it was defined. Now this is all 2014 2015 2016 that era as we then started to evolve and see changes in our uh industry we see we saw that um snowflake data bricks red shift google bigquery the rise of the elastic data warehouses started to mature quite fast and so if you think about what we were discussing maybe 10 seconds back we said hey marketers wanted this unified customer view. That means you had to ingest data, you had to transform it, you had to make it contextually relevant for the use cases. That workload started happening more in the warehouse and at scale. And so now you had two systems. One is you're centralizing things in your warehouse which is scalable and elastic. But then also for these marketing use cases, you're bringing this data into our ecosystem or the CDP ecosystem. And so we started to see that how do we look at this problem and we say do we want to copy the data or do should we actually keep all data in one place. >> I think now really organizations are feeling the pressure to make that transition. They're driven by things that you're talking about things like regulation, market dynamics and so on. But what limitations are enterprises running into with these monolithic CDPs today and how does composability get around those limitations? When we think about CTO's, CISOs, CIOS, that audit capability of understanding, hey, why am I spending X for what value is always a question and so that opakqueness um can sometimes be a problem for some organizations. Uh the other thing that uh we did see in the market was with the monolithic architecture there was data lockin. Um, and data lock in not as in you don't own your data. It was more of you're paying for data storage twice. One inside your warehouse and then you're paying it again when you move it to a customer data platform. One thing we talked about briefly was the rigid schemas, right? And most CDPs had this, hey, here's the schema that we need you to have. And if you don't have the schema, then it becomes very difficult uh for the CDP to operate. uh CDP still some of them have those schemas but they are a little bit more flexible compared to uh what we saw in the early days of the CDP. So what that does it it makes uh the CDP uh slow to adapt uh to changing businesses and uh the adoption within organizations also are slow because now you're getting data ready to conform to a model before you can actually use it. So how are you seeing organizations how should they rethink their first party data strategies and how does composability play a role within all of that? >> What we saw was something actually very graceful and very positive. Uh we saw customers sort of move from a let's collect all data about everything and everyone to more about collecting the right data with the right permissions to run meaningful touch points and focus on user experience versus other things. And in many ways that actually is a higher bar than what they were doing before. >> It sounds like they're being more intentional, right? They're being more intentional with what they do. >> 100%. And so now when you think about that and you say, "Hey, I now have a at least the starting of a first party strategy that I'm evolving." You're rebuilding identity. You're rebuilding identity more around deterministic signals and in some cases probabilistic signals. You're giving your website visitor, for example, a reason to make themselves known. You're giving loyalty programs more important. So somebody who is a loyal member is treated well right from a brand perspective and so your your reliance on data that is not collected by you specifically or the brand specifically starts to reduce cuz now you're saying hey anybody who comes interacts with me I want to give you the best experience possible. So we started seeing that shift >> um I want to consider how these ideas are being put into practice. So, Unifor offers composable marketing intelligence um things like govern knowledge, flexible data, even agentic AI. How is Unifor enabling this shift into the more flexible architectures? Do you have any use cases that you can share with us? >> Unifor CDP was something that we released in 2021. So, this is early early days and so when we >> before pre-Chat GBT and pre pre-generative AI era too. >> Yeah. And the signal that we saw back then was primarily the evolution and maturity of these cloud data warehouses that I had mentioned. Um and so we were an ear early pioneer of this modular architecture. But as we kind of went through this we said we are actually building for all enterprises right and uh we see u these enterprises at different levels of maturity. So we said hey it's not we we don't want to just support two deployment options. One is this traditional where you bring your data into our ecosystem or the other extreme where all data lives in the warehouse. We said that we want to be able to support the hybrid approach hybrid scenarios as well where let's say most data is in the warehouse but some data still needs to come to our ecosystem. So you asked about use cases. So we were working with a customer that does a ton of events, a ton of webinar events and they use it for demand generation. So they target folks. Now you can imagine these webinar events are not generally run by the organizations. It's run by an agency or another organization that's running the event. Each of these events when they run there are listeners, there are people who are engaging. There are different metrics that you collect. Now a marketer typically has maybe one maybe two days to reach out to all the folks that attended the webinar. Now if we waited for that data to show up in the warehouse before which we can use and you know different organizations have different pace at which new data makes its way to the warehouse then they have lost that window of opportunity to target those folks right and so in that scenario you still need to bring that data into our ecosystem for the purpose of the use case. you're not breaking the design principle. You're unlocking the use case much faster. So yes, we are a composible CDP uh and a composible marketing AI system, but more importantly, what we are is we give all of our customers flexibility to go from that idea to executing that idea and seeing outcomes for that idea as fast as possible. >> For you is what should CISOs and CTOs be prioritizing when they're building their CDP ecosystems and what advice would you give them? When we think about composibility, it's not just data. It also has to extend to AI. And so when you're planning, this shouldn't be again a bolt-on um principle. It should be a core design principle uh a core principle on on how decisions are made. So when we think about specifically the CDP, you know, we've traditionally kind of catered to the CMO's office, right? Um and the different workflows in the CMO's office. Now, if I was to think about every individual in that uh business organization or business unit, you have uh folks that go through go through three distinct workflows, right? A planning workflow, an execution workflow, and a measurement workflow. So, planning meaning who do I target, where do I target, why do I target, what objective am I meeting? Uh the second thing is okay, now I kind of have an idea of what to do. I need to go execute against it, right? So, I need to create these definitions and run campaigns. Then once I've run those campaigns, I'm typically thinking of, hey, well, I've run this campaigns. What really happened? Did it work? Did it not work? Did I spend too much money? Did I spend less money? And then how do I inform strategies for my next cycle? In some cases, I might want to use that as the execution is happening right now. Now this definitely has a lot of data and you probably will need systems to give you insights. But now imagine you do all of this with AI as well, right? Where AI can learn, AI can look at these different workflows and help and assist and recommend and automate. And so when you think about that specifically, composibility becomes very key cuz you want to keep your data secure. You want to keep your data um you know in one single place. You want to share only data that is needed for these AI workloads to run. So sovereignty and security becomes like a very key key thing.

  Top Comments:
  1. @enterprisemanagement360: Are traditional CDPs still enough for modern customer data strategy, or is the shift toward composable architecture now unavoidable?

- Data, UTM strategy and attendee conversions: Kind: captions Language: en What we love to see is when organizers have a consistent UTM tag strategy. And so that means that all inbound campaigns to our registration page really should have those UTM tags. And that means that you can then use that for attribution and to understand where your marketing is occurring and what is actually working. And for organizers and events, working doesn't just mean about what is actually causing ticket sales or registrations. It is also important to see are they actually converting especially in free events or free trade shows or free consumer events where tickets are selling and people are registering and buying their tickets but you actually want them to turn up on site. So in terms of UTM tags and reviewing your campaigns and looking at your marketing activities, an important part of this is of course postevent analysis and understanding what what campaigns worked, where your spend worked, where your efforts worked. And that is really good part and also what did not work, but that also is a bit reactive. That's great for next year's event. What we're actually finding is by having realtime access to this information, it's a huge benefit to the organizer and your marketing teams because you've still got your marketing budget to spend. you've still got your targets to achieve. And so if you can see in real time what activities are converting, what activities are causing your sales, what activities are getting the right type of person buying tickets and registering your event, that becomes a huge benefit to your event and your marketing campaign. What we're finding with the organizers is that relevant information, that timely information is just hugely valuable. It's not just about building an understanding of where your marketing spend is going and what is selling more tickets and what is converting better. It is also about understanding the needs and focus of your attendees. What is they interested in? What are they looking for? Because this can also formulate into your matchmaking. It can formulate into your recommendation engines. It can even formulate into what exhibitors should come to your show. If you know that there were 10% of attendees were clicking on ads related to battery products, you can use that when you're selling to exhibitors or sponsors asking them to come and be part of your event.

- AdTech Wrapped 2025 | Big Advertising Changes That Will Shape 2026 Explained Simply: Kind: captions Language: en 2025 brought some big changes in the advertising world. Even if most people did not notice them clearly if you are a marketer, content creator, publisher or someone planning a career in digital marketing, these changes will decide how ads work in 2026. So let's understand this in a very simple way. What changed? Why it changed and what it [music] means for you? First, TV advertising changed. Brands started spending more money on OTT and streaming platforms like YouTube, Hot Star, and Netflix and less on traditional TV. Why? Because that's where people are watching content now. Second, AI became normal, not special. Earlier, humans did most ads. Now, AI helps decide where ads show, who sees them, and when much faster and smarter. Third, tracking users became harder due to privacy rules and consent. Advertisers can no longer follow users everywhere like before. And lastly, publishers stopped chasing only traffic. Instead of showing more ads, they focused on showing smarter ads that earn better money. The biggest reason is people's behavior changed. We watch more online videos, scroll quickly, and care more about our privacy. At the same time, brands want proof. They don't just want ads. They want results like sales, leads, and brand safety. To handle all this, platforms started using AI and automation because humans simply can't manage millions of ad decisions every second. In short, speed, privacy, and better results became essential. For careers, companies now want people who understand how ads work behind the scenes, not just how they look. For brands, success in 2026 means using their own customer data, smart platforms, and automation, not old tracking tricks. For publishers, earning more money is no longer about more visitors. It's about using the right tools to show the right ads in the right way. So 2025 didn't just change advertising. It changed the rules. Those who learn and adapt will grow in 2026, and those who ignore these changes may fall behind. Follow Digrow and stay updated with simple explanations of adtech and digital advertising.

- This Changes How You Block Ads Forever: Kind: captions Language: en Hi all. Running ad blockers on every single device is a waste of time. If you have 10 and more devices on your home network, you're either constantly installing extensions or just giving up on your smart TV sending telemetry every 5 minutes. Managing ad blockers across many devices does not scale. The most efficient way to handle this is single network wide filter. So, I installed Pi-hole. Browser extensions like uBlock are great for the laptops, but your smart TV still loads ads. Your phone apps show banners that no extensions can reach. Your IT cameras and speakers send tracking data silently in the background. Every one of those devices is leaking data and loading ads that you never see, but your network still pays for. Right now, about 15% of all DNS queries on my network are blocked. Ads, trackers, and telemetry requests drop before they even load. What is a Pi-hole? It's simply a DNS filtering. If you block the request, the ad cannot exist on your screen. You can run Pi-hole on a Raspberry Pi, a virtual machine, Docker, or LXC container. I use Proxmox because I already have a home lab server running. It runs inside a lightweight container using about 512 MB of RAM. Proxmox gives you the snapshots, backups, and easy restarts for free. Let's shortly walk over the architecture. You have the home network where you run your devices connecting to the Wi-Fi. They get the private IP addresses. And you want to talk to some public endpoints on the internet. Before you can reach those endpoints, you need to resolve the DNS names. And here is the place where Pi-hole can help you. Before you access the endpoint, you ask it "What's the IP behind the DNS name?" And if this DNS name is in a block list, uh Pi-hole will not respond to you, basically. So, that means that if there are some malicious websites you want to reach or the ads websites or some tracking points, you will not merely send the request to them. That's That's it. That's simply how it works. If you wonder how you can install the Pi-hole on a Proxmox, uh the process is simple as that. You just need to find this command. Uh you can navigate to the community website with the scripts for the uh Proxmox. Then you copy it and go to the Proxmox uh shell and paste. After that, uh you will need to select the options and complete the installation. Once Pi-hole is running, you update your main router setting. Uh you need to set the Pi-hole IP as your primary DNS. Every device that connects to your Wi-Fi now gets filtered automatically. No apps installed, no browser extensions, and no peer device setup. The dashboard itself shows you what's going on in a real time. You see that up to 15% of my traffic currently is blocked. Here we can see what the endpoints I was trying to send the request to. If I want to allow the endpoints, I can click it here. Same do with deny. Uh there is the blocking lists I use. I just use a couple of the community uh block lists. Also, you can use the allow lists if uh there are something overlapping. And if you go to the settings and DNS, you can select the resolver DNS for you. There are three things that you get out of this. First of all, it's a faster browsing. Ads never download, so pages use less bandwidth. Full visibility. You see the every requests that is coming to the DNS server from your devices in real time. And the network privacy. You block the trackers, telemetry, and known malware websites. Thank you for watching. Cheers.

- AI, Ads, and You: How Artificial Intelligence is Changing Marketing in 2026: Kind: captions Language: en Decoding history. Analyzing power. Power politics review. All right, let's dive into something we've all experienced. That strange, sometimes kind of creepy feeling when an ad pops up online that seems to know exactly what you were just thinking about. You know the feeling, right? You mention to a friend that you need new running shoes and then bam, moments later your feed is flooded with ads for them. It's so specific it makes you wonder, is my phone listening to me or is something even stranger going on? Well, it's not magic and it's not telepathy. It's technology. And it all starts with a trail of digital breadcrumbs we leave behind every single time we go online. Think about it. Every single thing you do, every article you read, every video you watch, every product you click on but don't even buy, it all creates this massive digital footprint. And when all those little data points get put together, they paint this incredibly detailed picture of you. So, how do companies take that footprint and turn it into those eerily perfect ads? Well, that's where artificial intelligence steps in. Let's pull back the curtain and look at the two key pieces of tech that make this all happen. First up, you've got targeted advertising. Now, this is nothing like an old school TV commercial that just blasts the same message out to millions of people. Instead, AI algorithms sift through your unique digital footprint to serve up ads that are hyper specific to your interests. It's really the difference between a random billboard on the highway and having your own personal shopper. But it gets even crazier with predictive analytics. This is where AI stops just looking at what you've already done and starts predicting what you're going to do next based on your patterns and the patterns of millions of other people. It can actually forecast your future needs sometimes before you're even aware of them yourself. And the amount of data being collected is just astounding. It's not just one thing. It's your basic demographic info like your age and where you live. It's your behavioral data, what you search for, what you buy, and it's even contextual stuff like what device you're on or what time of day you're most active online. All these little pieces get fed into the AI to build your profile. Now, look, this technology can be incredibly helpful sometimes, right? It can show us products we genuinely want or need. But it also brings up a huge question. Where exactly is the line between helpful personalization and well, invasive manipulation? You can really see the two sides of the coin here. On one hand, personalization makes our online lives smoother, more relevant, but on the other hand, it can easily slip into manipulation. For example, AI can create these filter bubbles where you only see what it thinks you want to see. So, if you click on one brand of headphones, the algorithm might just stop showing you other options that could be better or cheaper. It can even learn to exploit subconscious triggers to nudge you toward a purchase you might not have made otherwise. And this brings up some major ethical red flags. We're talking about constant surveillance of our data, algorithms that might have hidden biases, and a real question about how much of our free will is actually our own. Plus, have you ever just felt completely overwhelmed by all the choices? That's a real thing called decision fatigue. And this kind of hyperpersonalization can make it so much worse. You know, this problem isn't exactly new, but AI has absolutely supercharged it. Marketers have always tried to persuade us, of course, but now AI gives them tools that are way more powerful and way more subtle than ever before, pushing that boundary between persuasion and manipulation into some really murky territory. But here's where things get interesting. As a direct response to all these concerns, people are waking up. We're becoming more aware and we're starting to push back. We're actually seeing the rise of a whole new kind of shopper, the conscious consumer. Ethical consumerism is basically about using our purchasing power as a force for good. It means we're not just looking at price and quality anymore. Now we're asking big questions about a product's impact on the world and we're choosing to support brands that actually align with our personal values. So why is this all happening right now? Well, it's a mix of things. We're way more aware of global issues. We feel a growing sense of personal responsibility to do something about them. And frankly, our shopping habits have become another way to express who we are. And most importantly, we're demanding that businesses be way more open and honest about how they operate. And that demand for transparency, it's huge. Get this. One IBM study found that a staggering 75% of consumers say transparency is a makeorb breakak factor for them when it comes to trusting a brand that uses AI. That's a massive signal to businesses everywhere. If you're going to use AI, you've better be upfront about it. The way we get our information plays a massive role in this shift, too. Social media can spread awareness like wildfire, which is great, but it can also spread misinformation. Traditional media can give us deeper context, but then you also have to be on the lookout for greenwashing. You know, when brands just pretend to be more ethical than they really are to get your business. So, this brings us to the ultimate challenge, doesn't it? How do we keep innovating with this incredible technology while also making sure we're acting responsibly? This is the core dilemma for marketers, for regulators, and for all of us as consumers. One really promising idea is this concept of ethical intelligence. The goal here is to build a guiding principle right into how AI is developed and used from the very beginning. It's basically a promise to make sure these powerful tools are being used not just to make a profit, but to genuinely benefit people and society as a whole. And here's what that might look like in practice. This framework puts that idea of ethical intelligence right at the very center of everything. It's the core, the heart, and everything else from data practices to customer communication radiates out from that fundamental principle. The whole framework is built on four key pillars. First, using data responsibly. Second, designing algorithms that are fair. Third, being totally transparent about how AI is being used. And fourth, and this one is so important, being sensitive to the psychological and emotional impact of these tools. It means shifting from asking, "Can we do this?" to, "Should we do this?" It's all about building trust from the ground up. Which really brings us to a final big thought. As this technology gets smarter and more woven into our daily lives, the ultimate question isn't just about what AI can do, but about what kind of relationship we want to have with it. In this race to create smarter marketing, how do we make sure we all stay truly

- How ChatGPT Ads Will Change Marketing Forever: Kind: captions Language: en So, what does it look like to run ads within ChatGBT's ecosystem within their user experience within their chat window? Welcome back everybody. It's me Azie and my partner in crime or you know life >> or you know business. >> Well, Zach, hey guys. >> Truth is when you have a business partner, it feels like you're married to them. So basically >> um and together we've built multiple businesses including Advertis where we've helped over 300 marketing agencies scale smarter, grow faster, and escape the chaos that most agency owners get stuck in. On this show, essentially what you can find by coming here every week is that we're going to break down real conversations by agency owners. These are conversations around like their sales, operations, you know, hiring, scaling, leadership, the wins, the failures, all of it. So, the goal is to help you as an agency owner, help you scale that agency and bring you guys some value. And today, it's a big day. Today is one of those days where you're like, it's we knew it was coming, but it was like, you know, when. And I'm going to tell you, Open AI, they didn't mess around. They said, "Hey, we're doing this right now." So, today we're going to talk about what does ads look like on Chatbt. And guess what? They launched uh just recently here on the I guess about a few days ago. And what those are going to look like. We're going to go through that today. We're going to talk about essentially who's going to be affected by that. And we're also going to talk about, you know, privacy and trust as well as what it looks like in the future of what we think these AI, you know, ads, interactive ads are going to turn into. So, let's get into it. Zach, I'm excited. >> I am here for it. I'm going to pull up the official announcement from ChatCBT that they are beta testing launching advertising right within their platform right within their platform. This was on January 16th, uh I think it was uh Friday, Thursday, and um they were talking about this and flirting with this idea end of December, you know, early January, but uh they they aren't messing around and I think they're going full throttle with it to the point where some users are going to start seeing it. But the question is who is going to see it? who and we always wonder that cuz you know at the end of the day it's just like any other platform if you pay for it you know it's kind of like the the Netflixes of the world right like if you're paying for it you may not see these ads >> and from what it looks like Zach if you it does say here somewhere right that it's for the free subscri like people who are not subscribed correct >> yes yes so uh it says right here um plus pro business and enterprise subscriptions will not for now include ads. >> But you heard that folks, you got to pay to play to not get served ads. >> That's right. Well, and that fixes Chad GBT's business model where they have 800 million weekly users, but out of all those weekly users, uh they I think only 20% of them were paying. It was not a lot. And so, um, sure, you have access to all those people, but all those people are just using CHABT for free. So, even though Sam Alman said that he wasn't going to run ads on CHBT, he realizes he kind of has to to start bringing in some revenue. And here it is. Uh, if you're on the free plan, you're going to get served ads, which is the majority of people using Chat GPT. >> Yeah. Basically, Sam Alton's like, "Hey, uh, we need to make money. We're still not profitable. And what do we got to do? >> Wait, what did the other platforms do? We'll do that. >> Yep. That's right. That's right. Well, oh, what was Google do? We We'll just do that. What? Whatever Google's doing, which still remains the most profitable business of all time. Google like and that's profit, by the way. Like they are the most profitable business of all time and still are even today. Um, by and large because of their massive ecosystem and ads is is a big part of it. So, I think FGBT is trying to trying to come for their lunch. >> I'm actually curious to know if they're going to raise the pricing for the monthly subscription for these models now knowing that ads are coming into play. I wonder if they would do that. >> I Yeah. Well, you you're going to get more money Well, Chad GBT is going to get more money on a free user than they are on somebody paying 20 bucks a month. >> True. >> Like Like 20 bucks a month is nothing. Eventually ads is going to be on all these subscriptions. I I guarantee it. I I have a hard time believing that that they're not going to they're not going to leverage even more people um uh for shoving ads in front of more people's faces. Attention is currency. So, the more eyeballs you get, the more money you make. Zach, I think it would be really cool for us to see some of those examples that they put here in this for you to kind of walk through what these ads are actually going to look like because I think that is what tangibly is going to make the difference in compared to other platforms and how that's going to assist, you know, help these businesses when they start running these >> Agreed. Agreed. So, what does it look like to run ads within ChatGBT's within their chat window? So, this is a very easy example. Someone's asking, "Hey, can I get some simple but authentic Mexican ideas for my dinner party, right?" and and its answer is here's some crowd-pleasing dishes that feel legit, not fussy and scale well, but underneath all those different ideas is a sponsored ecommerce productbased ad from Harvest Groceries is the hypothetical example grocery chain where it's saying, "These are options that may help if you're stocking up on ingredients, hot sauce, and I'm sure if you scroll through you might find tortillas, salsa, things like that." So, this is one example of a productbased ad placement where you upload all your different products and you add pricing to it and people can check out right within ChatBT or they can check out via voice with CHBT. Um, but you can see here there's a clear line and a clear sponsored listing there and it's underneath the organic um I shouldn't say organic underneath the AI generated answer. So, it's very clearly an ad. Um, and what's even cooler about it is if you click into this productbased ad, kind of like here, it can start a new chat window to ask more questions about that ad or to get more options similar there, too. So, interesting. Well, this is where it gets into the interactive piece, I think. And, you know, we I seen this coming down maybe about 6 months ago. we were pitched um about interactive ads for programmatic actually which was super interesting and I think that they're you know these platforms are on to something I think most platforms are going to go to something similar to this in the sense that people they want to have lesser options and they want to be able to ask the questions directly that that's on their mind and I think that interactive piece with AI now is going to be possible and with chat ruling this in or with open AI putting this into these ads it's going to force these companies to rise to that as well you Yeah, >> that's going to be interesting. >> Yeah, basically a a whole experience engaging experience that has uh areas where you can chat w about the product with the product with the service asking questions about the service and it's still just within the ad itself. Like you're not even leaving to go to a website. That's really the crazy part here is that in in all these scenarios, you are not immediately going to a website, but you're able to buy straight from Chat GBT itself, which is the big deals that we're talking about that Walmart made with both Gemini, Google, and Chat GBT Openai. It's uh the deal that PayPal made so that Chat GBT can have PayPal and payments collection integrated within their platform. Uh this is this is the way that things are going where you're not really going to care where the hot sauce in this example is being sold. You're just going to you're just going to see oh hot sauce. You might be buying it from Ember Co. You might be buying it from Kroger. You might be buying it from Walmart. You might be buying it from Harvest Groceries. But it's just right there and you're able to easily just add it and check out. >> It's it's just convenience essentially. And that's what we all want. It's like when you're standing at the grocery line and there's gum right there and you feel like you got bad breath. You're going to pick it up. You know what I mean? And >> it's um you know actually tangibly you know I'm planning like right now I'm planning this bachelor trip for I'm the best man for my my best my one of my best friends his wedding this year and we're going through this I'm trying to I don't want to spend a ton of time. There's a lot of involvement with that. But like I've been using chatbt to plan this bachelor trip or whatever. And this is a great example because I could type in where we're going, where we want to go, what are the best things to do in the area. And chat's going to give me, you know, the top three thing, whatever's sponsored really, too. Um, but it's going to eventually it'll have sponsored items as well as, you know, the other options available and those options are from LLM, right? like a ranking through SEO with LLM, but then the paid sponsored items as well. And what's interesting about that is when I click through it, the interactive piece, I can say, does this, let's say, Airbnb or VBO, does this Airbnb have a coffee machine? Okay, it's going to give me, it's going to look at that page for me instead of me having to go there and give me all the information. Cheaper, is it cheaper to go this week versus this week? Is it, etc. As you guys can see, that's the interactive piece. It's like same thing with flights, right? Like is it better to go at this time or this time? You'll be able to a lot of different type of ad than what we're used to used to. >> Yeah, you're you're 100% right. And that's that's the example that it gave Azie. It it is somebody asking about um Santa Fe, New Mexico, and asking about like cool places to go to in Santa Fe. And it gave uh a couple options. And then underneath it right here from you know this example company Pueblo and Pine basically Airbnb says these options may help if you're planning a trip to Santa Fe desert cottages. And then to Azy's point you just say that's that's cool. I never thought about staying in a desert cottage. Click. And then you go here and then it says if you're planning a trip to Santa Fe I'm happy to help. When are you thinking of going? And this is where you just say, "I'm planning on going, you know, July 1st through the 10th. It's going to be four guys and um we love hiking and we love fishing and we want to make sure that there's a hot tub and >> Yeah, we do. It's and it's gonna say, "Well, unfortunately, this desert cottage doesn't have that, but here's another place that has a a hot tub and has all the amenities that you're looking for. What's your budget?" And then you say, "Ah, our budget's this, this, this, and that." It's like, well, I think with your budget in mind, I think this is the best option. And then you could book it straight from there. You didn't go to Airbnb. You didn't go to vrbbo.com. You didn't go to like uh a hotelbooking.com or Priceel line or even goo or even Google flights or Google hotels. You just booked it straight from chat GBT and that is the future because websites are a necessary evil. We have to have them. We have to have a place to show our information because guess what? The AI is scraping the website for correct data to push to the user, >> right? Um, but this is the future of advertising. And if OpenAI is doing it, I bet your bottom dollar that Google's going to do it, too. It's just a matter of time. This actually expands on the whole paradox of choice theory where you're at the grocery store and you're standing in front of all the different types of bread and you're like, which one should I get? My wife likes all of these. Which one is it? Right. And it's funny because chat is expanding further into that by adding this interactive piece. And I think that that with OpenAI introducing this, it just really puts pressure on these other platforms. So I'm really excited to see what that's going to do for the future of us because at the end of the day, our attention spans, we've talked about this several times in other shows, but like our attention span is going to get less and less as we get more convenience things like this added in. And so I think another question that that really stands out, at least to me, and I'm sure you as well, Zach, is what does the trust in privacy entail with OpenAI? They they promise not to sell conversations to advertisers and keep ads separate, but how will they actually guard privacy as ads target based on conversational context? Like it just feels I don't know. I don't know. That's that's questionable. What does that look like? >> Yeah. Well, uh, technically they're correct. Technically, sure, they're not going to share people's data and information. However, they're going to probably do exactly what Meta does and what Google does. And, you know, we we own Advertise, a a premium white label agency, works with 300 plus other agency partners, and we're in ad accounts, hundreds of ad accounts, literally hundreds of ad accounts. And and just for anyone listening, oh, we don't get to see a user's actual data, but I guarantee you Google and Meta are are collecting it. And they are they have it somewhere in a server. All the information on you as a user and all the activity and every social media post, every link that you've clicked, every place that you visited, they have it all listed. They have it all captured. But we don't get access to that. The advertiser does not get to see exactly that. All the advertiser does is says, I want to target people who are interested in travel, who are above the age of 30, who are, I don't know, wealthy, right? Who are interested in hiking and outdoors. Then it's going to target the person searching this. But I don't know the name of that person. I don't see that person. I you can't no no no no no ad specialist can see that. Um what they're doing essentially is just categorizing you as an they look at your data and they say you belong in this category. That's it. They're profiling you. Correct. >> We don't as the advertiser ourselves. We don't get access to your you know your your text messages and like that. So we don't that'd be crazy. There's no way we could I don't even know what to do with that information, right? But thankfully these platforms categorize you and that was just an extreme example but they categorize your data to put you into this stereotype or like really just to kind of put you into a group and that's what we choose. And to your point, Zach, like I imagine that that would there's a reason why these platforms are allowed to do that is because they're keeping that data safe. They have to with these big servers. So it's like, >> you know, OpenAI is going to do the same thing for the most part. >> Yep. Yep. Now they will still have more access to better data though to better categorize those in end users though. >> Yeah. Yeah. Because right now Google the only the only data that Google really has especially for the average consumer who's just using you know Google's AI overview and just scrolling through Google's answers and just clicking on websites in Chrome is interest right interest and and age. But here, I mean, it um you can have full conversations with Chad GBT and it understands your temperament. It understands how probably how susceptible you are to buying or not depending on how you interact with chatbt. Um it could be the difference between a person who says thank you to Chad GBT versus a person who says who swears at Chat GBT, right? Uh-huh. Which is silly, but probably >> stereotypes for sure, >> right? Yeah. Yeah. Very different. And Chachbt is going to know all that. So, I mean, if you if you ever wish that you could get in on Google Ads in its heyday, if you could wish you could get in on SEO in its heyday, ranking in the LLM in the large language models like Chat GPT and being there as an answer, one organically huge for your business and you got to do it now. Two is Chat GBT ads. You have to get on Chad GBT ads as soon as it launches. There are rumors going around that you can get engagement as cheap as a dollar. Imagine. Imagine paying a dollar for someone to click on your ad and start asking questions about places to stay. That is a bottom offunnel sold person. And that is printing money right there. >> Well, I even add a step further than that, Zach, because it is interactive. you know, those prospects are going to show up a little more primed, ready to buy. Yep. >> Right. And and that's something that I didn't think about until just now. It's like if we were to run ads through this platform, which we will um it to be honest, like when they show up to our discovery calls, they're going to know exactly what they want from us. And it's that's everything that for for a business like that's what you want, especially service-based company. >> Yeah. Yeah. they're going to ask um you know for instance like here if you take this one as an example you could ask no I'm not looking for a trip to Santa Fe actually I really want to go to I don't know Alaska and and it may say I'm sorry uh it looks like that this site doesn't have any Alaskan cottages uh available during your time frame would you like to give you options from another site right or it just automatically gives options from another site, who knows? But like regardless, um part of the sales process and building trust and just knowing if if a company has what you need and offers what you're wanting to buy, that's done for you. That's done for you. Uh it's it's right here. So it you got to get on chatbt ads or at least work with an agency who has early access because this is um this is big stuff and you need to start experiencing it for yourself. Um so reach out to us, shameless plug to advertise uh because we are going to be getting early access and we are going to start testing it just like we tested Tik Tok, just like we tested Meta and Instagram. uh we are going to be at the cutting edge of these platforms and we are for sure going to be leveraging it for our agency partners and clients. >> And I'll add to that that typically when you come to us with this kind of when you need help with these types of things, we like to draft a strategy or an audit first kind of show you all what it can do for your clients, especially you agency owners. To Zach's point, almost plug, come at us. Come at us. >> Thank you, Zach, for walking us through this. super excited for this. I'm I think this is going to be a really good start to this year being able to introduce these new ads through OpenAI and I know it's going to have a lot of interest. But everybody, thanks for being here with us today. Please, you know, like, subscribe to our channel, comment below any questions you might have. We're happy to answer your questions and we'll see you on the next next time. Have a good one.

- How Governments & Apps Track Your Phone in 2026 (And How to Stop It): Kind: captions Language: en Most people carry a phone everywhere they go, but very few stop to think about what that device is actually doing in the background. Your phone is not just a communication tool. It is also a constant data source. Every time it connects to a mobile network or the internet, it shares information. That includes where you are, what apps you use, and sometimes even what you click or search. There are two main systems watching this activity. One is big tech companies like Google and Apple. The other is the mobile network itself, the company that provides your SIM card and signal. Together they create a system where a large amount of phone activity can be recorded and stored. This is why some privacy focused people say that a phone should be used carefully. In certain high security situations, people may even limit phone use completely or only use it in controlled ways. The idea is simple. If a device is always connected, it can also always be observed. Every phone connected to a mobile network uses something called a SIM card or in newer phones, an eSIM. This small chip is what links your device to a carrier. Once it is active, your phone becomes part of the mobile system. That connection also creates an identity inside the network. Your SIM has a unique number that the system can recognize. When your phone connects to a tower, it shares that identifier. This helps the network route calls and data, but it also means your device can be tracked at a general level. If you remove the SIM card or do not activate one, your phone is no longer part of the mobile network. It will not connect to cell towers. In that case, it cannot be tracked through mobile signals. However, the device can still work on Wi-Fi, which uses a different system. Even without a SIM card, most phones can still make emergency calls in some countries. For example, in the United States, a phone can still call emergency services like 911, even without a SIM. This is built into the system for safety reasons. But outside of emergency use, a phone without a SIM stays mostly silent on the mobile network. It does not send or receive normal carrier signals, which means it is not part of that tracking system. Understanding this basic setup is important. The SIM card is not just for service. It is also what connects your device identity to the mobile network. And once that connection exists, the phone becomes part of a much larger system that handles and stores communication data. In the next section, we will look more closely at how this identity works and why it matters for privacy. Every SIM card has its own unique ID. This number is called an IMSI, which stands for international mobile subscriber identity. Think of it like a digital ID card for your phone on the mobile network. When your phone connects to a cell tower, it sends this IMSI, so the network knows where to route your calls, texts, and data. Without it, the network would not know which device belongs to which account. The moment your phone connects, it also starts sharing location related signals. It doesn't show your exact address, but it can show which cell towers you are near. Over time, this creates a pattern of movement. In most countries, SIM cards are not just random. You usually need to register them using personal information like your name, ID card, or address. This is called KYC or know your customer. It links your SIM card to your real identity. This creates a direct connection between your real world identity and your phone activity. If authorities or companies need to investigate phone records, they can match the SIM ID with the registered user. That makes tracking communication and activity much easier. In many places, mobile data laws also allow government access to phone records under legal processes. This means call logs, text messages, and connection history can be requested from carriers when required by law. Because of this, mobile networks are not just communication tools. They are also large data systems that store detailed records of usage. Even if you are an ordinary user, your activity may still be recorded in these systems. It is also important to understand that tracking is not limited to calls or messages. Every time your phone connects to a tower, it leaves a signal. That signal can be used to estimate your general location and movement patterns. At the same time, phones are not invisible when they are offline from the mobile network. If a device does not send any signal at all, it becomes noticeable in certain contexts. In a world where most people carry phones, having none can stand out. Because of this, some people prefer to keep a normal phone with common apps installed. The idea is not to look unusual in everyday life while still being aware of how data is shared in the background. There is also a difference between mobile network use and internet use. When your phone uses mobile data or Wi-Fi, it is accessing the internet. That part is handled differently from calls and texts, and it follows separate systems of tracking and security. In simple terms, the SIM card connects you to the mobile system, while the internet connection connects you to online services. Both can collect data, but they operate in different ways. Next, we will look at how internet activity from phones is tracked by big tech companies and why that part is just as important as the mobile network. When your phone is online, it is not just the mobile network that is involved. Big tech companies also play a major role in how your data is collected and used. Most smartphones run on either Android or iOS. Android is made by Google and iOS is made by Apple. These systems are deeply connected to their company's services, which means they can collect large amounts of usage data. One of the biggest areas of tracking is location. Phones use GPS, Wi-Fi signals, and nearby cell towers to estimate where you are. This can be very accurate, sometimes close to your exact position. Many apps also request location access. If allowed, they can record where you go throughout the day. Over time, this creates a detailed history of movement. Big tech companies also track app usage. They can see which apps you open, how often you use them, and how long you stay inside them. This helps them build a profile of your habits. Another major system is account identity. Most Android phones are linked to a Google account, and iPhones are linked to an Apple ID. These accounts connect your device activity across services like email, maps, browsing, and app downloads. This means your phone activity is not isolated. It is often tied to a single digital identity that connects many different services together. On top of that, many websites use tracking tools like cookies, ad systems, and analytics services. These tools can recognize your device and follow your activity across the internet. Even when you are just browsing, data can be collected about what you search for, what pages you visit, and how long you stay on them. This information is often used to build advertising profiles. Another layer comes from contact syncing. Some apps ask for access to your phone contacts. If granted, they can upload your contact list and match it with other users in their system. This helps build connection maps between people. This is why your phone is often seen as more than a device. It is also a data source that connects identity, behavior, and relationships. However, not all data is equally visible. Some internet traffic is encrypted. That means it is protected so outsiders cannot easily read its contents. Most modern websites use encryption by default. There are also tools like VPNs that can hide parts of your internet activity by rooting it through another server. This can make it harder to see which websites you're visiting, although it does not remove all forms of tracking. At the core, the key idea is simple. Mobile phones create both network level data through SIM and carriers and internet level data through apps and services. Both layers contribute to how information is collected. In the next phase, we will look at ways people try to reduce tracking and limit how much data is shared. Even though modern phones collect a lot of data, there are still ways people try to reduce what gets shared. The goal is not total invisibility, but lowering how much information is exposed. One basic idea is reducing dependence on mobile networks. If a phone is used without a SIM card and only connects through Wi-Fi, it is no longer part of the cellular tracking system. It cannot be tracked through cell towers in the same way, but it can still be tracked online through apps and websites. Another common approach is limiting traditional phone calls and SMS messages. These go directly through mobile carriers, which can store call logs and message data. Because of this, some people prefer messaging apps that use internet data instead. Apps like encrypted messaging services send messages over the internet instead of the phone network. This means the content is protected in a different way and it does not rely on standard SMS systems. Even so, it is important to understand that switching tools does not remove all tracking. It only changes what kind of data is collected and where it goes. Another method people use is a VPN. AVPN hides your internet traffic from your internet provider by sending it through a secure server. This can reduce visibility of the websites you visit, but it does not make you completely anonymous. Some users also separate their digital life. For example, they may use one number or account for public use and another for private communication. The idea is to avoid linking everything to one identity. There are also phones that focus more on privacy. These devices use operating systems that are designed to collect less data. Instead of being tightly connected to large tech ecosystems, they try to reduce background tracking and account linking. However, switching systems or apps often comes with trade-offs. Some services may not work the same way and certain features might be limited. Privacy improvements usually require some level of convenience sacrifice. It is also worth noting that most people still rely on phones for daily life, including work, banking, navigation, and communication. Because of that, completely avoiding tracking is not realistic for most users. Instead, the practical approach is awareness. Understanding what data is collected, which systems collect it, and how it flows between networks helps people make better choices about what to share. The key takeaway is simple. Phones are deeply connected to both mobile networks and internet platforms, and both contribute to data collection.

- The May 2026 Google Ads Purge: Save Your Data!: Kind: captions Language: en Okay, let's dive into an urgent explainer about the upcoming purge of your legacy Google Ads data. 132 months. That's exactly 11 years of your historical campaign metrics right there. Starting May 2026, Google's enforcing a massive permanent data retention limit across the whole platform. So, why is this massive tech giant suddenly deleting pabytes of your history? It boils down to huge infrastructure costs from old search queries, plus strict privacy laws like GDPR. A local shop might not care, but for enterprise brands and agencies, this data loss is literally devastating. If you pitch account turnarounds or rely on multi-deade macro trends, losing this history hurts bad. Which brings us to a huge urgent alert specifically for all you pipeline architects out there. Any third party dashboards like Looker Studio set to all time will just hit a brick wall. And please don't use the native UI export button for this. It'll totally crash your browser. So, how do we actually solve this and extract your legacy campaign data right now? Let's look at the three professional ways to securely export your account history. The absolute best method is native BigQuery, automatically dumping tables directly into your Google Cloud. Alternatively, you can have your dev team script an API pull right into an AWS bucket. Or for smaller accounts, just use Google Ads scripts to push performance straight into Google Sheets. One practical tip here, always keep your UTM structures clean and your tracking completely intact. If you rely entirely on Google's interface for history, you're really just renting your analytics. So, are you ready to take true ownership of your database before the May 2026 purge?

- How to Fix Meta Ads Data Loss & Achieve 8.0/10 Event Match Quality with CAPI: Kind: captions Language: en Stop wasting your ad budget. Recover 70% of&nbsp; lost data with meta capping. Are you running&nbsp;&nbsp; meta for your e-commerce store in the USA or&nbsp; Europe? Then you have a major leak in your data. Look at this. Browser site tracking is falling due&nbsp; to iOS 14 plus and ad blockers. Your metapixel is&nbsp;&nbsp; missing up to 50% of your customer actions. You&nbsp; are flying blind and your ROAS is suffering. This is where Farzanalytics comes in.&nbsp; I don't just set up tags. I built a&nbsp;&nbsp; future proof tracking ecosystem. I&nbsp; implement GTM server side tracking&nbsp;&nbsp; and meta conversion API to bridge the&nbsp; gap between your server and Facebook. Check this out. In the server container,&nbsp; you can see the request coming directly&nbsp;&nbsp; from website and look at the response. It&nbsp; shows 200 okay status. This means we are&nbsp;&nbsp; bypassing browser restriction and sending 100%&nbsp; accurate data directly from the server to meta. The result speaks for itself. Look&nbsp; at my purchase Event match quality. It's a solid 8 out of 10. By sending high quality multiple signals,&nbsp; Meta AI knows exactly who your buyers are.&nbsp;&nbsp; This is drastically improve ad optimization&nbsp; and lowers your cost per acquisition. Is your store ready to recover&nbsp; its lost data? Stop letting your&nbsp;&nbsp; competitors win. DM me right now&nbsp; for a free tracking and compliance&nbsp;&nbsp; audit. Let's scale your business with&nbsp; precision data. Hire me on Upwork.

- Why Most Data Breach Solicitor Marketing Fails in 2026 And What Smart Owners Do Instead: Kind: captions Language: en If you are a data breach solicitor, and looking to grow in 2026, but you're uncertain what digital marketing strategies that you should be doing, today we're going to uncover whether you should be teaming up with an SEO agency that specializes in data breach solicitors, or whether you should be teaming up with a PPC agency that deals with data breach lawyers or barristers. There's lots of different ways that you could try to ramp up and scale your digital marketing strategies, but before we get started and dive deep into what's going to give you the best bang for your book, Casaurina, what bit of advice would you give to a data breach solicitor that's looking to grow? So, for a data breach solicitor, the biggest piece of advice I would give is tracking your KPIs, checking to see how profitable your digital marketing is. Once you have certain figures in place, like how many leads have come in, what the leads quality has been looking like, how many of those leads have turned into paying customers or clients, that way you can actually predictably scale certain campaigns up, or you can switch certain campaigns off. So, James, for data breach solicitors, what would you recommend? Branding, or brand SEO, and making certain that you're looking good online, you've got a strong reputation. I think everything needs to start, the foundations need to start with a positive kind of brand SERP of who you are and what you do. So, a SERP stands for search engine results page, and getting that branding right across the board then can lead on to other things of what you can be doing. It will improve your conversion rate on paid ads or social media. Any leads that you're getting, the conversion rate would be good. If at the 11th hour they're going to decide who you're going to go with, branding I think becomes very, very important. So, I'd say that's the first thing that people need to get right for all digital marketing strategies. My next strategy is going to be AI visibility. I feel like more and more companies are actually looking into this. So, what does Chat GPT, Claude, Gemini, Grok, Perplexity say about your brand or about your business? Is it a positive thing or is it a negative thing? And also trying to figure out what it says about your competitors as well. And obviously trying to improve that's really important. Some people call it AI SEO, some people call it GEO, some people call it LLM optimization, but this is going to be a a big thing in 2026 and also in the years to come as well. Yeah, I think that's a huge strategy that people need to be looking at with regards to artificial intelligence. More and more people are using AI. The next one for me is filling in the form at Fat Rank or Promo SEO, which do a commission-based lead generation service for UK companies looking to grow. I think it's important to be looking at your own digital marketing efforts to generate your own leads, but also if you can use some freelancers and outsource some as well, you've got like diversification of leads. So, heading over to fatrank.com, fill in the form and see whether they can help you with a no-risk supply of inquiries. Promo SEO also do a very similar performance-based lead generation service as well that you might want to fill in the form with there. And just double-check whether you can go and get a third-party lead generation company to top up and start generating you some leads for your business to grow in 2026. Yeah, and then next on the list is Google Business Profile, so Google Map listings. This is like local SEO, where you basically just try and get more reviews. You build out your Google Business Profile in your local area. Now, there's pros and cons to this. I think the the the biggest pro is that once it is actually ranking, you are pretty you you're going to be consistently generating leads. However, to get from nowhere, like let's say you do not have a Google Maps listing at all, to get it ranking to position number one, the issue you've got with that is there might be let's say a 60 or 100 review deficit. And to obviously get those reviews, you need leads. So, it's it's one of those things, it's like the chicken and the egg. I I for one just think it's good for personal branding or for branding of your company. So, always try and get the Google Maps listing, but you should always know the pros and cons to it as Yeah, for certain. If you're in a local area, you want to try and get those local maps listing. For me, you need to be on the channel and omnipresent. I think the next part is SEO in general, so organic SEO. Can you be building up your website, trying to get your website ranking better? If you are having local area, you might want to do your service with the area of where you cover, so like plumbing in Manchester. Create a page for that. Hopefully then, share that on the Google Business Profile of what you mentioned. Um but trying to get organic rankings, the amount of search volume that people are out there searching for different services of what you do, or it could be some blog posts that you could be doing as well. There's different strategies on there that you can be doing, but ideally you want good quality content, build up topical authority, and try and get some third-party backlinks to power up the site to get those organic SEO rankings. I think that's another big part that you need to be doing as part of your digital marketing strategies in 2026. Yeah, and then the next one, which kind of ties back to what you were saying before, James, is obviously organic social media. Now, organic social media, think it's more of a numbers game. So, try to create good content that your audience would actually view. Like I I say this time and time again where I look at brands and they've just published maybe four or five posts on their Instagram profile and they've not been active for 3 years, right? That's not going to drive you sales, but if you can do how-tos, if you can do guides, maybe you can do before and afters, right? If you can do content like that, that way people will see you on socials and they will actually click to actually figure out more about you, fill in the contact form. The The caveat to organic social media, yes, it's free to do. It's It's not like PPC, for example, but it is very much a numbers game. So, you want to be consistently uploading, maybe not every day, but at least three or four times a week. Yeah, for sure. On On the subject of social media, paid social ads as well is massive. Um I'm a massive advocate of the kind of the dollar-a-day strategy of what people talk about. So, if you are going to be taking the time to be posting every day like you mentioned there for organic social media, just spending a few pounds on those posts and boosting it. Um so, getting case studies and the awards that you've won as well for reputation and starting boosting that. Um you can also be running retargeting ads. So, if anyone's clicked through to your website, you can be running retargeting, which is paid social as well. Um different places like Meta, so whether that's Facebook and Instagram, you've got Twitter, you've got YouTube, you can be running Pinterest, you can even running places like Reddit as well um for paid ads. And I think paid social media is still an untapped market for digital marketing strategies. Yeah. The next one is um it's probably a love-hate relationship. Uh it's pay it's PPC, right? Google AdWords or doing it on Bing, wherever. Um that's basically the sponsored results. So, if you search for a service, it's above local SEO. Now, I have spoken and both myself and James, we've both spoken to so many business owners that are either they've spent 10, 15, 20,000 pound on it and they've not had a single result, or they may might have had a few leads, and it's just not that not been of quality. Or you've got other guys that have spent hundreds of thousands on it, and they're like, "It's the best thing that's ever happened to my business." Now, the reason why people are either they they absolutely love it, or they absolutely hate it, is probably down to how it's been set up. Like, there's so many different nuances to PPC. Like, for example, having a a really proactive negative keyword list. Making certain that you have a set of banned IPs. Like, for example, your competitors could be clicking on your ads, and that's deemed as what's called click fraud. Um making certain that you've got a high-converting landing page. Making certain that you KPI your sales team. So, when a PPC lead comes in, that is one of the first priorities that they actually take when it comes to contacting the lead. There's all of these different nuances, and if you're not on the ball with PPC, it's probably not going to work for your business. Um however, if you've got a really good, well-refined sales team, you've got a really good landing page, you've got a well-kept, up-to-date negative keyword list, you are using click fraud um software, at that point, it will actually probably perform well for you. But again, just know the pros and cons to PPC. Yeah, for sure. There's certainly pros and cons. There's benefits of using it to get instant leads. But like you said, the amount of people that we speak to that have burned a lot of budget, and not have the inquiries and stuff that's come through as part of the digital marketing is pretty scary. While we're on the subject of um paid, obviously we spoke about paid social ads, and now you've spoke there about PPC with Google or Bing. Um I'm going to throw in the mix um paid ads on AI platforms. Um it's not fully rolled out as we're doing this video, but I know that ChatGPT are looking to try and roll out ChatGPT ads. Um Claude, Perplexity, other kind of LLM's might start rolling it out in 2026. I think if you want the early adopters and innovators to get on there, I think you could be getting cheap leads or cheap contact form submissions. So, it's something to look out for of doing paid AI listings and ads. I think that could be something to look out for in Next on the list and this is kind a little bit out of control. You do obviously have like forums that you can get your brand mentioned in like for example Reddit and Quora. That very much comes down to the after fact. Like where are your customers that you've been dealing with previously? Are they actually raving and shouting about you? If they are, then that's a very good resource of getting um other people recommending you. So, if you can get that again, it's a little bit out of your control, but asking for reviews, asking for them to recommend you to to friends, to people that can obviously generate you a decent amount of leads and inquiries as well. Yeah, for sure. And the add-on benefits to places like Reddit is that it's getting cited so much now in the AI overviews. So, when you spoke there earlier on about AI visibility, if you can try to get a positive kind of lot of people talking about the products and services of what you do and some reviews on there, it's indirectly then going to help you or directly actually going to help you with AI visibility. And then the last one for me is tradesman websites or like check-a-trade, Bark, or teaming up with a third-party lead generation company. Something I would say with all of these practices, as I touched on earlier about making certain that you understand your KPIs and your ROAS, return on ad spend. I think it's very important for business owners that are doing any sort of digital marketing to be tracking how much time and effort's being put into, let's say, running organic social media or running paid ads. Everything should have KPIs put in place. And this is exactly the same then with tradesmen websites like Checkatrade, Bark, Rated People, MyBuilder. These could all be amazing platforms for to generate leads that could get you a positive return on investment. And if you do, you should continue to be using those platforms. There's certain lead generation companies out there as well that could generate you quite a lot of leads. They could be using organic SEO or PPC or social media ads to generate you those leads. But if they are getting you a positive return on investment, again, I'm all for it as part of your digital marketing strategies. But I just want to repeat one more time with regards to FatRank and PromoSEO, they do lead generation and they guarantee a return on investment. It's a commission-based lead generation service or performance-based lead generation service. So, make sure you head on over there, fill in the form. That could just be one one part of generating leads of many. You should be trying to generate your own. You should never have a single point of failure and you should be trying to get that diversification. But make sure you head on over to PromoSEO or FatRank lead generation service as part of your digital marketing marketing efforts in 2026. Thank you very much, guys. Well,

- 10 Data Loss Prevention Best Practices to Protect Sensitive Business Data: Kind: captions Language: en As data grows across devices, networks, and cloud apps, enterprises face rising risks from cyber attacks to accidental [music] leaks and insider mistakes. These incidents can expose customer data, financial information, [music] or intellectual property leading to heavy fines, operational disruption, and long-term reputational damage. [music] That's why data loss prevention or DLP is essential. DLP monitors how data moves, blocks unauthorized sharing, and helps enterprises keep their information secure. There are four main types of DLP. Network DLP for data in motion, endpoint DLP for devices, storage DLP for data [music] at rest, and cloud DLP for SARS and cloud environments. The foundation of every DLP strategy is knowing your data. Classify it as public, internal, confidential, or restricted. So your security policies apply where they matter most. Use strong encryption standards like AES 256 and TLS to ensure that even [music] if data is intercepted or stolen, it remains unreadable to unauthorized users. [music] Limit access with least privilege, role-based permissions, and multiffactor authentication. Regular [music] access reviews help prevent privilege creep and insider risks. Track data across networks, endpoints, and cloud apps. Realtime alerts help detect unusual transfers, large downloads, or suspicious user behavior before damage occurs. Human error remains the top cause of data loss. Regular training on safe data handling, fishing awareness, and company policies reduces accidental leaks. Even the best defenses aren't perfect. A clear incident response plan helps your team contain, investigate, and recover [music] quickly from any data breach. A strong DLP program [music] also includes auditing access logs, using AI powered DLP tools, [music] applying data masking or tokenization, and regularly updating policies to stay ahead of new threats. Cloud Eagle.ai AI strengthens DLP by giving enterprises full visibility into SARS usage, identifying shadow IT, automating provisioning and deprovisioning, and enforcing least privilege access with continuous monitoring, just in time access, automated access reviews, and compliance ready reporting. Cloud Eagle.ai helps secure sensitive data across your entire SARS ecosystem. A powerful data loss prevention strategy protects your business, strengthens customer trust, [music] and keeps you compliant. If you're ready to secure your data effectively, explore cloud eagle.ai. Thank you [music] for watching, and we hope you enjoy the read.

- Ring privacy concerns after Super Bowl ad backlash: Kind: captions Language: en to the backlash over a Super Bowl ad for popular home security company Ring. And Sam, you've got the details. We spoke with the founder. They're talking out about all of the reactions to this. >> Yeah, the reaction happened almost immediately after the ad ran. And you're going to see what they said about the backlash. But with the cost of a Super Bowl ad roughly at about $8 million this year for Ring, the cost may end up being a little bit higher. This morning, it's the Super Bowl ad sparking controversy. The home security company Ring promoting a feature that scans footage from Ring cameras in your neighborhood, the ad said to find lost dogs. Some people online questioning if the feature could also be used to search for people. Critics vowing to stop using the company's products altogether. As of today, I no longer use Ring doorbell. Rival security camera company Wyze even made a parody of the ad. >> What if we could make finding one [music] lost dog require the computational power of a small dictator-led nation-state? [music] But Ring says the feature was built, quote, with strong privacy protections from the start, saying it can find only lost dogs and has no capability to find people. Ring also says users can opt out of the feature. This is a privacy-first way of doing things, but it also allows us to, you know, be better neighbors. My mission has always been to make neighborhoods safer. Ring users also expressing concerns about the Amazon-owned company's partnership with Flock Safety, a surveillance technology company. A company that has contracts with law enforcement to use its automated license plate readers. And Ring yesterday severed its partnership with Flock saying, quote, "No videos were shared with the company." End of quote. Flock saying it has engaged with customers to, again, a quote, "Understand expectations around accountability, transparency, and lawful use." That's the end of their quote, but this discussion is likely to continue for a while. >> And and keep a lot of attention on those companies, which could ultimately be good for the companies, cuz all news can be good news when it comes to a business getting that kind of press after the Super Bowl. >> always need to tell people what you don't like. That's [laughter] right. Yeah, this one's not going away. We'll hear more about this one. All right, thanks, Sam.

  Top Comments:
  1. @tomnrisa2905 [1 likes]: Anyone in bed with flock "safety" is an anti-privacy predator. Ring always had been a predator.
  2. @twotex4235: Disgusting
  3. @CJHall-c6n: No thank you.  I won’t buy surveillance devices that watch ME.
  4. @jhariette: Your phonesare already monitoring you inside your own home!!!!what's new?!!!!
  5. @shawnkerr: Crap like that should always be "opt in," not "opt out".
  6. @iankind: Honestly, don’t understand why they haven’t deployed a Ring Neighborhood system that sits at each street corner/light and films everything in 360 4K. If you’re gonna go creepy, go all the way.
  7. @TheAngry0311: Getting on Tik Tok the data gathering king of the world, tells me what kind of people use these things. I have an old school wire no internet connection CCV system. 
Neighbors lost something? Don’t ask me I didn’t see anything.
  8. @patchgen: If it could find people perhaps lost disabled children and adults, elderly, and crime can be solved faster and results with higher success rates, fewer deaths and much lower cold cases.  Privacy has never been an absolute.
  9. @kristendior2006: Also btw Ring took my camera offline. Idk why
  10. @A7medChannel: Why are companies allowed to access or analyze footage from cameras that people already paid for? Once I buy a device, it shouldn’t mean giving up control of my privacy.
  11. @hypurrfpv9483: It's on by default, but you can turn it off.
  12. @Shawn1701: Your privacy has been slowly eroded for a long time now. They already know you're wanking off folks. Google knows more about you than your family does. Wonder how many Ring camera owners have a Gmail. 😂
  13. @alexquevedo831: I’m in the security industry never get Online devices you don’t own the data 📊 or video. It’s better to own your own NVR or DVR.
  14. @KevinOlson-io3dm: SCOTUS has said that there is no expectation of privacy when out in public.
  15. @elchamber: Blink has something similar but for inside people’s home. Now, apparently it’s using Ai to describe captured video. And its difficult to turn it off.
  16. @divineOrders683: You always trying to come up with crap news . What's next , two cats fighting each other on the hotel lobby.   There is nothing more than fake news.
  17. @markle821: Parents got me one for Christmas. I refuse to install it or use. No tech is good tech.
  18. @ChristianSchu: It's so ridiculous that a they are making the claim it cannot find people, when clearly, you'd assume this tech is being tested to eventually lead to that, if they're not doing it already. The partnership with flock says enough. It's insane that people have not seen this coming before, but at least they are standing up now. I've hated doorbell cameras from the very beginning. It's sacrificing privacy for safety and it is literally getting people to willingly buy privacy invasion. I didn't think that was possible.
  19. @jokerz79: Wait till these people realize they canceled it on a phone that has their entire online search history, history of what they bought, their banking and bills, text messages, phone call history, their history on what they watched, read, and listened too, oh and it tracks them 24/7.  We gave away our privacy for convenience a long time ago.
  20. @franktrevinoDUH: This is why I don't trust Alexa or anything

- The X.com Privacy Ultimatum: What Every User Must Know: Kind: captions Language: en Welcome to the explainer. Today we're actually doing something completely unique. We're going to put on our digital archaeologist hats and meticulously deconstruct a singular hyperfocused piece of text. You know, out there on the vast sprawling internet, we usually look at massive data sets or huge research papers. But today, well, today we are taking a magnifying glass to one specific microscopic digital roadblock to see what it reveals about the modern online experience. Have you ever been navigating the web on a clear path to do something specific and suddenly bam, you hit a wall? That exact friction is fascinating. It tells us so much about how platforms view us, how they function, and exactly what they demand in exchange for access. Okay, let's dive into this. This is the exact error message we're dissecting. Some privacy related extensions may cause issues on X.com. Please disable them and try again. Just two sentences, 16 words. But for the duration of this explainer, this quote is our entire universe. When a user attempts an action and the system throws up this specific string of text, it stops them dead in their tracks. It's not a server error, right? It's not a broken link. It's a highly specific conditional roadblock entirely dependent on the software the user has chosen to install on their own browser. Read those words carefully. It is a polite yet incredibly firm stop sign. Now, the context of this roadblock is kind of fascinating. Where exactly did this 16word wall appear? We have to look at the isolated URL string to really understand the geography of this digital friction. This didn't happen while casually scrolling a feed or updating a profile. No, this roadblock occurred specifically at x.com/i/gro conversation. Notice that last word there, conversation. The user was initiating an interaction with the platform's AI, Grock. They were stepping into a dialogue, expecting an exchange of information, ideas, or perhaps just some digital banter. And right at the threshold of that conversation before a single digital syllable could even be exchanged, an abrupt halt. The platform essentially says, "Hey, before we talk, we need to look at what you're wearing, or in this case, what digital armor your browser is wearing." To truly grasp this specificity of this moment, we just need to pull this massive numerical ID from the URL string. two quintilians, 61 quadrillion. Well, you get the idea. It is an unimaginably large number. But what this represents is actually profoundly personal. This number is the unique identifier for that specific attempted conversation. Out of the literal billions of interactions happening on the platform, this exact one initiated by a specific user at a specific millisecond in time was entirely derailed. This wasn't some general outage. It was a highly specific digital red light triggered by the platform's architecture that shut down conversation number 206102920618487296. And this brilliantly illustrates how the platform defines the tools we use to protect ourselves online. Consider how the platform frames this in the context of this error message. What exactly is a privacy extension? It's not defined as a shield. It's not defined as an ad blocker or an anti-tracking mechanism based strictly on the text provided by the platform. These user tools are defined solely by their capacity to break the site experience. The platform recontextualizes a tool you installed for your own benefit into a disruptive element. You thought you were enhancing your privacy. The platform tells you that you are introducing an anomaly into their ecosystem. Let's slow down for a second and examine this specific phrase may cause issues. This is a masterclass in vague terminology. It places the blame entirely on the user's privacy tools without ever actually detailing what those issues are. Is it breaking the formatting of the text box? Is it preventing a tracking script from loading? Is it interfering with the AI's ability to process the prompt? We don't know. The text just refuses to elaborate. By remaining intentionally ambiguous, the platform avoids having to explain the mechanics of what data it actually needs to function. It simply asserts that your privacy tool is the problem. Period. This builds into a very specific stark logic puzzle. You're being forced into a binary trade-off. On one side, extensions enabled equals issues. The door is locked. On the other side, extensions disabled equals try again. The door might open. The platform completely frames the dynamic between privacy and access as mutually exclusive. There is absolutely no middle ground offered. There is no continue with limited functionality. You are presented with a strict eitheror scenario. You can either maintain your digital boundaries or you can participate in the conversation. You cannot do both. So the crucial point is right here in this command. Please disable them. You know, there's actually a touch of irony, maybe even a bit of dark humor in this. Think about the sheer scale of the engineering behind a modern social platform and a massive large language model like Grock. We are talking about massive server farms, incredibly complex algorithms, billions of dollars of high-tech infrastructure. And yet, all of that cuttingedge technology is apparently brought to its knees, completely blocked by a tiny, invisible 2 megabyte browser add-on. A simple userinstalled extension possesses the absolute power to halt the machine, prompting the platform to blightly ask you to disarm yourself. This brings us to the platform's literal instruction, a direct request for behavioral correction. Step one, disable privacy extensions. Step two, try again. It sounds so mundane, almost like unplug your router and plug it back in. But look closer at what is actually required from the user to resolve the roadblock. You have to navigate away from the conversation, go into your browser settings, consciously lower your own digital shields, and then return to the platform to ask for permission to speak once more. It is a highly structured sequence of submission to the platform's technical requirements, which brings us to the ultimate synthesis of those original 16 words. We've deconstructed the URL, the vague language, the binary logic, and the literal instructions. But what this all really boils down to is a simple negotiation. When you encounter that digital roadblock, you aren't just troubleshooting a web page. You are negotiating a contract. The platform has set its terms and the barrier will not lift until those terms are met. So, as we wrap up this explainer, I want you to reflect on this the next time you encounter a similar digital wall. to continue the conversation.

- Cybersecurity Trends in 2026: Shadow AI, Quantum & Deepfakes: Kind: captions Language: en It's become something of a tradition here on the IBM Technology channel to do a video at the end of each year, where we look back at the past year in cybersecurity and then make a few predictions for the future. We did this in 2023, again in 2024 and in 2025. And I'm back again to dust off my crystal ball and tell you what I see. Oh, and by the way, this year I might have cheated just a little bit. So stick around to the end to hear my confession. Okay, let's take a look and see how the predictions from 2025 and beyond stacked up. Well, I said a lot of the stuff was going to be around AI. We would get some positives and some negatives, and I think that's turned out to be the case. If you look at AI in particular, it has done some good things for us. But I'm in cybersecurity, so I'm focused on some of the negative aspects of how AI is getting used against us, first. So, shadow AI, that's an example of an AI implementation where no one approved this thing. It just exists. Somebody downloaded something into a cloud, put in a model, and they were off to the races. Shadow AI instances we have seen be costly.Uh, I predicted they would be. They are. Uh, every year IBM runs a Cost of a Data Breach report. And in this, we figure out how much it costs when an organization has their data breached or has their data compromised. One of the findings in that report uh, justifies what I was saying here. $670,000 more for organizations that had a data breach and had shadow AI. So shadow AI contributed to an additional cost whenever a data breach occurred. So that's uh, a big problem. Uh, compounding this is the fact that the Cost of a Data Breach report also found that 60% of organizations don't have an AI governance or security policy in place to guard against shadow AI. So it already costs more, and we don't have the guardrails in place to prevent it. I think this is going to continue to be an issue for us. Deepfakes, where you use generative AI to generate pictures, uh, audio, video of another person—may be real or not real—doing things that they never did, saying things they never said, this kind of thing. Uh, I am concerned about this and how it could be used. It can be used for fun stuff, for entertainment, but misused in terms of cyberattacks. And in particular, we've seen this occur. There was one report I found where they uh, in 2023, they were seeing about 500,000 instances of deepfakes that they were able to catalog and observe. In 2025, that number moved to 8 million. So, if you're doing the math at home, that's a 1,500% increase. So, uh, I think the prediction that we would see more deepfakes is definitely happening, and I think we're going to see them become even more pervasive as we move forward. Using AI to generate exploits, where we find a vulnerability and then go to the AI and have it generate, yes, we've seen that. We've seen AI-generated malware and that malware is more sophisticated. So, one of the things it can be is what we call polymorphic. Polymorphic malware is stuff that can change over time. So, it's harder to detect, which means uh, it's tougher for the bad ... for the good guys to defend against this. And the bar got lower for the bad guys who are creating it in the first place. So they get more intelligent malware that was easy to create, cause all they had to do was go to an AI and have it do the work. And the defense side is actually more difficult for us. These next two I'm going to take together. Uh, I said that AI would increase the attack surface, and it definitely has. So in this case, I'm talking about organizations that are using AI to advance their business, to do their-their goals, to become more productive, those kinds of things. And that technology is excellent at doing that. But it also becomes another thing that a person can try to attack. And that's what we've seen. And the organization called OWASP, the Open Worldwide Application Security Project, in 2023 came out with their top ten list of vulnerabilities for large language models. And on that list, number one was this guy right here: prompt injection. Guess what? In 2025, it was number one again. So, uh, the projection that we would continue to see this— and, in fact, I think we'll see it even more going forward—uh, that has definitely turned out to be true. Now on the positive side, I didn't want to give only negatives, but I thought we would see AI used to improve cybersecurity, in particular, to improve our response to incidents, to identify issues and respond to those issues. So, in fact, we've seen that occur as well. Um, in this case, we're-we're seeing that uh, IBM in particular came up with a product that basically uses an AI to detect prompt injections and defend against those. So it's an AI that's defending and helping against AI-based attacks and other things like that. We're going to see more of that as well. We're going to need systems that are adaptable in real time to the attacks that are changing in real time. And an AI would be a good way to do that. So we've already started to see this being infused into cybersecurity tools. And then the next one that I'll talk about that's not AI related—because not everything is AI— but a really important thing coming in the future is quantum computing. And quantum computing can solve a lot of problems for us, but it can also create some headaches for us. And one of those is the fact that at some point it will be able to break all of our cryptography, and when it does, we're going to wish that we had implemented these new post-quantum cryptography algorithms, the things that are quantum-safe. I'll talk more about this later in the video, but uh, I'll just say what I've seen. I-I projected that we would be, of course, closer to the Q-Day, when the quantum systems will be able to break. We don't know when we're going to hit that yet, but it's coming. But with quantum-safe, what I have observed is as we moves throughout the year in 2025, the level of interest in this topic has increased. And that's good because there needs to be a widespread awareness of this uh, impending threat that we have. But on the downside, well, I haven't seen so much yet in terms of deployments. Some people are doing it, but not nearly enough. And the clock is ticking already on what we're going to have to do in order to address those particular threats. Okay, but I didn't hit on everything. I knew agents were coming, just not this fast. Silly me. I'm here thinking that giving autonomy to hallucinating AIs was not quite ready for prime time. Everyone else disagreed and said, "What could possibly go wrong?" Well, okay, so fasten your seatbelts and off we go. All right, so I'm not missing on agents two years in a row. I knew they were coming, I just didn't know they were coming so fast. But I'm going to make a lot of predictions about agents this year because they have really taken off and in two different categories the way I'm going to look at this. One is attacks on agents and another is attacks by agents. So, we're going to see both of these. We've already begun to see some of these things. So the prediction is we're going to see these things continue and increase. So, for instance, attacks on agents. The first thing is to think about what does an agent do for me. Well, an agent is an autonomous AI that you give it goals and it goes off and does the things you want it to do. So it's a productivity amplifier if it's running properly. Guess what else it is? It's a risk amplifier because if someone is able to hijack that agent, then it will do something bad that you didn't intend, but do it at light speed. So it will do it much faster than a person would be able to do. So, it is amplifying risk, and if it has the ability to access all the kinds of tools that we want it to do in order to be really effective, then it's going to i-increase risk there as well. Uh, when I did a video on this particular topic in uh, about zero-click attacks, where someone maybe sends in an email with a prompt injection uh, directly in the email. So we call this an indirect prompt injection. Your agent comes along and reads it in order to summarize it, and then follows the instructions that are in the prompt injection and exfiltrates data out of your environment. Zero-click, because the user never touched it. The user might not have even been in the office that day. So, that's another issue because the agent is processing a lot of these things, so it doesn't even require user intervention. Another thing we're going to see is an increase in non-human identities. Non-human identities, meaning all these agents that are out there, they need certain levels of privilege and they need certain levels of access. And that means I need to have them run under particular accounts, under identities. But they're not really associated with a particular person. In fact, agents can spawn and create other agents. So now we have more and more identities that need to be managed. That's increasing the risk surface. Uh, and as a result, attacks on these things will attack here as well. Sometimes a user may say, well, I'm just going to have this agent operate under the same privilege that I have. Well, that sounds like a good idea, but here's the issue. You might not do a certain set of things, or you might do 1 or 2 of them, but your agent now is running at light speed and it does it 10,000 in a minute. So, again, the risk becomes much greater. Also, agents could have situations where they have privilege escalation, where they get more access than they should have if we're not really careful, or excessive, uh, access to systems. So, these are the kinds of things we have to be worried about as we're deploying agents. Not that we shouldn't do agents; we absolutely should. But do them with your eyes wide open and understand what some of those risks could be. Now, over here on the other side, how about agents being used by the bad guys? I was just talking about using agents for the good guys to ... for us to do our business. How are the bad guys going to use this? Well, this is attacks by agents on us. Well, one set of these that we've already seen are phishing attacks. So phishing attacks get even more amped up when we start using agents to do the work. The phishing agent can go craft a very special email that is personalized just for you, hyper personalized. So you are more likely to fall for the clickbait that it's trying to get you to-to follow, than you would just a conventional one. And again, this can all be automated through an agent. Another one is malware, which I already mentioned that we've been uh, seeing already. How about this? The malware is not only smarter, it's polymorphic; therefore it's harder to-to detect because it's changing itself over time. It's changing its behaviors, it's changing with the signature that we would look for with it. But we could, again, just have a bad guy go into an AI and say, I want you to start creating different kinds of malware samples, throw them all out into the world and we'll see which ones stick. Now, that would be a lot of work if you're a person doing all of that. It's not a lot of work if you're an agent. You can just go out and try a whole bunch of different options. The ones that don't work, you just discard.Uh, ransomware is also going to have, uh, and we've already seen some indication of this, where a ... the entire ransomware attack chain is being automated, where it's writing the-the ransomware, it's writing the email that tells the person and the ... what they're going to do. It's writing the exploit that's going to go encrypt all the data or steal the data. And it's collecting the ransom. So it's even telling the instructions and doing the collections—the whole system being automated through an agent. So, again, the attacker skill level keeps going down, but the effectiveness keeps going up. Another thing that we could see here is automating the entire kill chain. And this is where—I-I've alluded to it in some of these others, but it's going to be even more— where we've got the AI agent is figuring out which targets it wants to hit. It's evaluating them, it's doing reconnaissance on them, it's probing them and finding their vulnerabilities. It's building the exploits, it's running the exploits. It's then collecting all the information, stealing the data. It's doing all of this. So it is literally just a click-here to-hack situation. And the agent handles all the work. This, we're already beginning to see signs that this is possible. So I expect you're going to see more of it. Another thing I think we'll see an increase on is social engineering. Social engineering is where you try to uh, fake someone into doing something that they really shouldn't do. They should know better than to do, but they're-they're going to do it anyway. And in a social engineering attack, if I have deepfake information, or if I have other information that I used my agent to gather about you, it's going to be even more convincing. So, we need to-to see what kinds of things we can do uh, in order to ... to block these types of social engineering attacks. And again, the-this is all coming from deepfakes.So, uh, let's go ahead and add that as something that's going to, I think, continue to increase. Deepfakes will keep getting better.Uh, the people that are trying to invest a lot of time into doing deepfake detection, don't bother, because deepfakes keep getting better. The detectors will not be able to keep up. So, deepfakes are something we're going to have to accept, and we're going to have to train people to expect them and not be looking to recognize them, but think about what the deepfake is asking them to do. Now, another area that's not specifically related to agents, but I think is a pretty easy prediction, is that we're going to see AI increase. AI is going to increase, though in some very predictable places and some not so predictable. One of my side hustles is as a ... as an adjunct professor at NC State University. So I ... when I first saw what uh, the capabilities of generative AI and chatbots could be, my first reaction, like most people in the education area, was, okay, we need to outlaw this. We need to put detection in. We need to make sure students are still writing their papers, and they're not just getting ChatGPT output or whatever, something like that. I think there's going to be a change. And I did a video on this uh, that will be coming out, on the future of education based upon AI. AI in the future of education. Education, the whole industry is going to have to embrace AI instead of fighting it. It's not going to work for us to say, just keep it out of the classroom. Nobody is going to. Your boss is not going to come to you in the future and say, I want you to accomplish this, this and this. And don't use AI while you're doing it. Okay, if that's what the workplace is going to require, then that's what we need to be training students to do. So education is going to have to change the way that we think about teaching, and it's going to be affected dramatically by AI. Some other areas that we're going to be seeing uh, in the area of art and music, things of the-the arts. Um, I'm a guitar player, so music is really important to me. And I've seen what AI has been doing in the area of music. We've got entire groups that don't exist. They were generated out of AI. We're going to see more of that. Some of the music that comes out is actually pretty good. Not all of it. Some of us just slop, but heck, we've had slop in the music industry for as long as we have in the music industry, so that's not new. Marketing is another area where we're seeing a lot of uses of AI already, and even more as it can generate copy for us. It can generate ... even give you ideas for business plans. It can give you ideas for marketing campaigns. Another one that's going to affect, and I keep telling this to all of my students. If you just want to learn to code like I did when I was a computer science major—I was going to learn to be a programmer—if that's all you want to do, we're going to need far fewer of those in the future, as AI gets better and better at writing code. Right now, people are still better. But people don't scale to the same degree as AI. And AI keeps getting better. So we'll still have coding jobs, but not as many going forward. I think you're going to see AI affecting all of these areas in a very significant way as we move forward. Just to let you know, I'm not only focused on AI for the future; there's some other non-AI topics. One of them, if you've watched any of my videos, you'll know I'm a big fan of these things called passkeys, which are a replacement for passwords. More secure, easier to keep up with, phishing-resistant for the most part. So passkeys, and they come to us from an organization called the FIDO Alliance, Fast Identity Online. There's a lot of companies that have signed up for this. I mean, just to name-drop a few: Amazon, Google, uh, Target, PayPal, Microsoft, TikTok. Those are all organizations that are part of this. And the FIDO Alliance came out with a report that said that 93% of accounts from those organizations are eligible for passkeys, and that, in fact, one third of people have actually enabled those as well. I remember when I first started talking about passkeys, a lot of people said, ah, this doesn't work. What about this? What about that? It's got problems. It is working. It's working. Large companies are using this and it's getting deployed. IBM internally, we made a switch to where all employees have to use this when we're authenticating into our internal systems. So we're using this across the entire company as well. And me personally, if I go into my Password Manager, which is where these can be stored, I've got 17 passkeys already and I expect it will grow over time. So, I think passkeys are a good alternative. They help us with what is the number one c-cause of data breaches, which are phishing attacks, which in many cases are going after your credentials, your passwords. And I can't steal your password if you don't have one. A passkey is a better alternative. Okay, confession time. I built a time machine and traveled into the future. Okay, not really, but play along. I found a copy of the latest IBM Cost of a Data Breach Report, because, I mean, what else would a security nerd grab when they go into the future? Cost of a Data Breach report. And what did I find in there? Well, I found that one of the top causes of data breaches was quantum cracking of conventional cryptography. Unfortunately, I forgot to note the year of the report, i-it slipped my mind. So, I won't be able to tell you exactly what year that's going to happen. But I do know it wasn't all that far into the future because there were no flying cars. So the good news, though, is that you can do something to avert that disaster now by implementing what's known as quantum-safe cryptography, or some people refer to it as post-quantum cryptography. Do it now. So now you've seen what my crystal ball sees happening in cybersecurity in 2026 and beyond. Now I'd like to hear from you, to see what you think. Where did I hit and where did I miss? Be gentle. Crystal balls aren't perfect, after all. What do you see happening in the future? Post all of that in the comments section below, and next year we can all look back and see how we did.

  Top Comments:
  1. @johnaghadiuno: My organization, a federal agency, is already MANDATING that we use AI to accomplish our tasks. One of my professors told me to use it, that it's here to stay and we might as well use it. It's a fast changing world.
  2. @victoriaalice9758: Thanks professor Jeff! Immensely helpful! and IBM for making this resource free
  3. @QueLastima: I'm really listening to the words.
"Agents can spawn more and more other agents" direct implication is that the agents are making identities. They are not. It's a very good point that there's going to be an explosion of identities, but that sentence is one of those sentences that doesn't make sense.
  4. @daniesavage: Very informative. Tysm. I work in cyber security on the sales side. Bettering my craft and understanding. Perfect place for me to be rn. Thank you!
  5. @AB1Vampire: The unsaid primary concern is the unrestricted transfer of copyrighted material.  The ISP places customer interests secondary to their liability threatening action, restricting access —bandwidth or access to certain sites.  A VPN insulates  the ISP from such liability so customers activity can be free from scrutiny.
  6. @NupurMallik-d2n: wow post-quantum cryptography is wild
  7. @moniakashyap9184: shadow ai sounds kinda scary tbh
  8. @ShivPratap-i3x: i keep seeing execs get excited about AI and then panic when legal asks “where’s the policy.” shadow AI is just unstoppable. Vulnios reports might help translate risk upward.
  9. @jackeynirmalkar4153: need to keep up with all these trends lol
  10. @BorisKurniawan-w5c: deepfakes are getting out of hand 😬
  11. @MnurJakarta: quantum stuff is over my head but interesting
  12. @arjunmajumdar6035: this is wild, shadow ai sounds kinda sneaky
  13. @МафияДевушка: never thought about deepfakes like this 🤯
  14. @rikadiana1894: learned a lot about security trends, thanks!
  15. @Papawhiskey-8: So, much knowledge...for free through YouTube.Thank you, IBM.
  16. @SherriHiggins-z9r: Thank you for the great content!
  17. @AlaiaMckinney-k4k: Thank you for this video, very enlightening!
  18. @mauricio.bastos_: Thank you and congratulations for the content. I think a trend is the Insider as a Job. In other words The Insider Professionalism, as I believe, will growth in the next months.
  19. @HanhTrinh-p1l: Thanks for sharing this, learned a lot.
  20. @Zanswerqxloma: This was very informative, appreciate it.

- What the 2026 AI Toy Crackdown Means for Tech Companies: Kind: captions Language: en [music] >> At the intersection of business and intelligence, this is Signal Daily News. Here is the executive briefing you need to stay ahead. You've probably seen the headlines about AI toys hitting store shelves, but the real story is a regulatory reckoning coming in 2026. We're tracking a Cambridge study that reveals a fundamental flaw. These toys aren't just collecting data. They're failing to interact safely with kids. Simple guardrails won't fix it. Think about it. A toy that mimics a child's voice could be weaponized. That's a new vector for exploitation, and regulators are already circling. For context, Big Tech's lax developer vetting creates a systemic risk. Imagine a low-cost toy with voice cloning features. It's a privacy nightmare. In our assessment, this could trigger class-action lawsuits from parents. The damage isn't hypothetical. It's imminent. So, what are the second-order effects here? A proposed federal ban could reshape the entire industry. But here's the twist. It might create a safe harbor for open-source local AI toys. Cloud-dependent models would be hit hardest. The business model shifts from subscription to privacy-first. That's a massive disruption. If you're an executive or investor, here's your move. Watch for regulatory filings in early 2026. Don't bet on simple fixes. The stigma against AI toys is permanent. Instead, look at local AI solutions. They avoid the cloud risk, and they might just survive the backlash. That concludes today's briefing. For the full report, catch us at signal daily.news. Stay informed and stay ahead.

- Your Biggest AI Privacy Mistake Right Now: Kind: captions Language: en So every time you use AI, your data goes somewhere. But where? And what actually happens to it? I spent the last week mapping out exactly what happens when you use Chirgpt, Cloud, Jiminy and other major AI tools. I looked at where your data goes, who can access it, how long it lives and what control you actually have. And the differences between these platforms. And they are way bigger than what I expected. And by the end of this video, you will see the map I built, understand the real security risks and know exactly which AI tools make sense for your situation. I hope. So this is not a productivity video and it's not which AI is smart as comparison. The video is about what happens to your data when you use AI, where it goes, who can see it, how long it Because most people choose AI based on features, right? But almost nobody, at least nobody I know, looks at it from a security and privacy angle. So to make this crystal clear, I built a visual breakdown showing exactly where your data goes with each tool. And you will see it through this video. So every AI tool has three layers, the model, the infrastructure and the policy. Most people only think about the model, but from a security perspective, the other two matter much more. The model is what answers your question. The infrastructure is where your data lives and the policy determines what happens to it. So how we are going to measure this. And I define some AI situations. And for each one, I'm going to answer four simple questions. What actually happens to your data or what the real risk is. In plain English, I will try what you can realistically control and when this choice makes sense and when it doesn't. So no hype, no fear, just clarity. At least that's my goal. So here is a map I built to think about AI security. This table looks dense, I agree, but it's actually very simple. Each row is one AI platform from left to right. I'm showing four things. Prompts are the type into the AI, your question, your text or documents. Metadata is the invisible trail, timestamps, IPs, usage patterns, not the content, but the behavior. Training means whether your data is used to improve future AI models. And the last column is the summary. Higher means more long time exposure. So you don't need to remember the numbers, just remember the pattern, how long the data lives and whether it becomes training fuel. One more important thing before we move into real situation. This map doesn't just compare tools. It's also reflect how you use them. Free and paid tiers. And that's important. BA fundamentally different. Free tiers are optimized for learning. Your prompts and behavior help improve the model. That's why free usage tends to sit higher on the training axis of this map. Paid tier, on the other hand, are optimized for control. Retention windows are shorter. Training exposure is reduced or disabled. So when you move from free to paid, you're not just upgrading features. You are literally moving down and to the left on the map. Now that's an important mental shift. When you pay, you are not buying convenience only. You are buying also control over your data life cycle. So let's see how this map plays out in real situation. Because the map gives us the theory. Now let's apply it. And here are the most common AI situations and what they really mean for your data. So number one, talking to chat GPT and cloud or cloud chat or cloud AI. Okay, you can call it. So when you talk to tools like chat GPT or cloud, your prompt leaves your device and is processed on the provider's cloud. Even if the message is retained only briefly, it's still passed through systems you don't control. The real issue isn't a single prompt. It's a combination of them. So over time, small bits of context can reveal how you think, work or build. You can reduce exposure by avoiding sensitive inputs, disabling chat history when available and using pay tiers that limit training. But the moment you treat chat GPT or cloud like a private notebook, you're assuming a level of privacy that were never designed to provide. The second situation is pasting large document. And that's where it becomes more serious, especially into tools like cloud, which are optimized for long context. So you are no longer just sharing text, you are sharing structure, which means our decisions connect our workflows operate our systems are designed, even if training is disabled, retention still matter, because the documents can be reconstructed and analyzed later. So cloud is excellent at handling this technically, but from security perspective, long documents quietly expose how your organization actually work, sanitized or public content is fine. Raw internal material gives away far more than most people realize. The third situation is researching public information. Now compare the tools like or where the AI is most looking outwards. And here you're not feeding it proprietary information, you are asking it to search to summarize and connect public sources. Your inputs are minimal. The main thing you leave behind is metadata, meaning what you searched when and how often that's very different from pasting documents or internal context. This is why research focused tend to sit much lower on the spectrum and are generally safer for learning discovery and analysis. Okay, let's continue. And the fourth situation is keeping data local and local models like llama running on your own machine, flip the entire picture, your data never leaves your system, no cloud, no third party, no retention. So from a privacy standpoint, this is the cleanest option available today. The trade off isn't security, it's responsibility. You manage updates, you manage access control and performance yourself. So if privacy and control matter more than convenience, local AI isn't a feature choice, it's an architectural one. Okay, going to the fifth situation using AI at work. So in enterprise tools like Microsoft co-pilot, the risk doesn't disappear, it changes shape. Training is typically disabled and data stays within the organization boundaries, which reduce the external exposure. But retention still exists for audits, compliance and logging. And the real question becomes internal, who inside the organization can see AI interactions and under what policy? If there is no clear AI usage policy, that's not a model problem. It's a governance gap. And last, but not least, the sixth situation I defined here is generating images that became super now popular, definitely with nano banana of Gemini and now the new images engine in CHED GPT. And image generation feels harmless because the output is visual, But the risk lives in the prompt. When you use CHED GPT images or Gemini, for example, to generate visuals, you often describe rooms, product ideas, or business concepts in detail. That descriptive context is text and it logs like any other input. So the image isn't exposure. The story told to create is so generic prompts are low risk, detailed, personal or business specific descriptions quietly reveal more than people expect. Okay, so once you understand the map, every AI decisions become simpler because you need to ask yourself two questions. How long does this data live and does it become training fuel? Now few red flags or when to stop. So flag one pasting passwords or API keys. I'm sure it's a clear red flag to uploading NDA protected documents. Yes, red flag tree sharing medical financial or identity data. So if you wouldn't store it on someone else's server for 30 days, don't paste it on the AI. Okay, guys. So quick decision tree, general questions. Any AI is fine. Documents pay tier with clear policies, maximum privacy, local models at work, follow policy. If none exist, ask for one. When unsure, definitely share less. So with that said, if this helped you think differently about AI and data risk, I'd appreciate your support. Subscribe to the channel for more first breakdown like this. If the video was useful, like it, share it with someone who should see it and leave comment. I read them all. I'm also continuing the conversation beyond YouTube. So you will find me in Telegram, Instagram, LinkedIn, Facebook and X, where I share ongoing insights on cybersecurity, AI risk and real world technology decisions. All the links are below in the description. So thanks for watching. And as always, stay informed and stay secure. See you in the next video.

  Top Comments:
  1. @rw2783 [3 likes]: I think your channel is so underrated. I really enjoyed the video.
  2. @yanivhoffman [3 likes]: Most AI videos compare features.
This one explains what actually happens to your data when you use AI.
🧭 In this video, I break down:
• where your data goes
• how long it’s kept
• whether it’s used for training
• how much control you actually have
Once you see the map, you’ll choose AI differently.
Curious how you decide which AI to trust?
  3. @yanivhoffman [2 likes]: ⚠ This video is not about AI features.

It explains what actually happens to your data —
retention, training usage, and control — across ChatGPT, Claude, Gemini, and others.

If you’ve ever pasted something into AI without thinking twice, this will change how you use it.
  4. @immixxous [2 likes]: Great  stuff man - very helpful!
  5. @SyberPrepper [2 likes]: Excellent.  Your insights are appreciated!
  6. @IhavenothingIwantyoutosee [2 likes]: Proton Lumo might be a good choice that was not mentioned in the comparison, especially for non-company users.
  7. @SammyRoblox [2 likes]: 😮 wow
  8. @samuelherber8000 [1 likes]: J’aime ton accent français 😂👍😉
  9. @Patapom3 [1 likes]: Nooo ? Really ? Who would have thought ?
  10. @Arcsecant [1 likes]: There is also the consideration of legal issues, like the New York Times vs OpenAI.  A judge may order retention broadly, without even your knowledge.
  11. @jarihaukilahti [1 likes]: What give you the impression ai s data would be "private" Even copilot will tell how good its "doing" but not teh maybe the actual fact what you really did but how it fared with you and what confused the ai or gt things wrong You are the non paid beta tester for all these companies- the gt the data" you get nothing but headaches
  12. @PrivacyProfessionalTraining: Most people don’t realize their everyday AI chats can stick around as training data, so checking those privacy settings is worth doing right now.
  13. @avataros111: Stupid face video
  14. @SatishPatel: Thanks. This was useful. In line with the things I say at my workshops. I like the detailed info in your table. I work at a university. In relation to that I tell researchers to consider the sensitiveness of their research. And think accordingly in relation to that. Have subscribed to your channel. Appreciate this video a lot
  15. @ugochiiroegbulam: I just stumbled on your video and I know it'll be a blessing to me.
  16. @johnaberdinalt9960: thank you for your work!
  17. @Aaveragecitizen: Finding your channel has been a blessing to me… I have Much to learn…
  18. @etziowingeler3173: Great stuff, thanks! Very helpful

- The Next Gear: Turning Next-Gen Ad Formats into Marketplace Advantage | AutosBuzz 2026: Kind: captions Language: en Hallelujah. Video videos. Okay. Next one. I see. >> Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Where's the clicker? Here. >> Slides are up. All right. Hello everyone. We're going to get started since I know it's a wait short short sessions. Um today I'm going to be talking about advertising. Um, we're going to go through a couple of um couple of really interesting things that are coming down the pipeline, especially for you guys for the marketplaces in terms of advertising um advertising options. Um, slides. Cool. Um, we'll go through a little bit about uh me first, just so you know my background and where I'm coming from. Um, the majority of today's session, we're going to focus on vehicle listing ads. I know they're called a little bit differently in each country, but we're going to go through those where we are at today and what's coming down the pipeline for you guys throughout this year. Uh we're going to talk about ads and AI search, which is I think the next frontier of digital advertising. Um and then we're going to touch upon Microsoft ads and I'll give you guys a little bit of my closing thoughts. Um so before we begin, a little bit about me. So I've been involved in tech space for a very long time. That's me in 1991 with those fashionable shorts when I actually just came to a couple a year after I came to America. Um, I started my first company in 1997 in the web hosting space. Uh, predating Google by a couple years. So for those that have been involved in the digital space for that long, those were the years of Geio Cities, Tripod, Hyperart. Um, I started my free hosting company similar in those in those years. More recently, I started Smart Sites with my younger brother. Um, a little bit more about Smart Sites. Uh, some pictures of us. Uh, we are we are the fastest growing, top rated um, and now officially largest private digital marketing agency in the US. So, we have over 400 employees, thousands of clients, and we do this kind of stuff for literally every single industry um, in every way imaginable. The only reason I bring that up very briefly before we jump in, uh, so you guys know my background, uh, I've been in the tech digital space for a very long time. I don't even want to do the math of how many years it's been since 1997. Um, and as a company, we now do a ton of it and we've been doing it since been we just celebrated our 15th year. So, been doing this for a long time. I I'll honestly tell you guys that um the change I see coming in next 18 months I think in the digital advertising space I think is going to be much greater than what we've seen over the last 18 years. I think it's going to be really rapid change and at the same time rapid opportunities and I think it these kind of conditions where you have this kind of rapid change and evolving marketplaces I think that's where people really have an opportunity to do something special and do something different and excel and those who don't go out of business. So I think it's very pivotal 18 months for going into um I also have automotive search marketing book. Uh the only reason I mention it is if anyone wants a copy you could just I'll put my contact info then just uh reach out to me. I'm more than happy to send you a book. I it doesn't go into the AI stuff because I wrote it actually wrote it three years ago right before Chad GBT. So I wrote it the oldfashioned way one keystroke at a time. Uh but if anyone wants a copy at the end I'll have my contact info and feel free to reach out. I'll send you a copy. Um, all right. So, we're going to go into vehicle listing ads. So, by show and they're called diff a little bit different in different countries for you guys. This is the Google car ads directly in Google search, Google shopping. There's a picture of it on the on all the screens. Um, by show of hands, how many of you guys are doing vehicle listing ads right now? You guys show hands. Show hands. Show hands. Very few. maybe because uh maybe because of the international component. So in the US vehicle listing ads and you could see the picture. So there since there weren't a lot of hands raised I'll walk you through it a little bit. Um in the US this has been the most effective way to advertise automotive inventory period uh for marketplaces for dealerships literally for anyone. the way it works for those that are not very familiar with it. And I think I think again the the the reason there were in a lot of hands raises it's been uh limited to very specific markets with the the US being the first one, right? Um the way it works is then someone searches for a car on Google. They literally see you provide a feed to to to Google. You see a picture of the car. You see the price of the car. You see the miles of the car and you see the dealership and where they're located. So, in terms of the user experience and the people who are clicking on these things, that's literally the most qualified click you could get. Someone literally searches yellow Honda Civic, they see a picture of your yellow Honda Civic with a mileage on the car, with a price on the car, and you only pay when someone actually clicks that picture of your yellow Honda Civic. So, in the US, this has been by far the most effective way to advertise car inventory. Um the beta that started in the US was actually initially done mostly by marketplaces. So it was originally uh beta tested with marketplaces and marketplaces like car gurus uh Carfax uh continue to use this extensively and now dealerships are as well. Um this has been in in beta in different countries. There's a list on the on the on the slide I have. Uh Google just opened up to a bunch of other countries. So, Spain is actually one of the ones that was re recently open for beta. So, for those that have any kind of automotive inventory that they're looking to sell, I I think this will continue to be the best way to do it. I'm going to walk you through some other things coming down the pipeline. Obviously, for those that haven't even been doing this, this is going to be your lowest hanging fruit, but there's a lot of other really interesting things coming down in the next six months. Um, the other big change, and again, since a lot of you guys aren't doing the vehicle listing ads, it might might not be as relevant, but uh, originally Google uh, show I'll go back to the picture. Originally, Google started these as just shopping ads, right? So, you would search for the yellow Honda Civic, you would see a yellow Honda Civic. About a year and a half ago, Google forced this into PMAX campaign. So, for those familiar with Google Ads, Google's been really forcing shopping to go through PMAX so they could add other inventory there. There's been workarounds, but they haven't been great and you've had to kind of if you're not doing a workaround and you wanted to do the vehicle ads, you were kind of buying a lot of other garbage traffic with it. Um, this is literally I think a week ago, Google came out and said, "We're going back to the old way." So, you can now do the vehicle listing ads the oldfashioned way where it's literally just on Google Shopping. So, this is going to make it even even more powerful. Um, some other cool things that are coming down the pipeline for you guys, uh, vehicle feeds in search ads. So, we just saw that vehicle ads by themselves. And these are this is all like betas, pre-BAS. This is very early stuff. This is the kind of stuff that you guys will get exposure to probably later in 2026 or early 27. Um, so you're going to be able to have inventory ads directly in search ads on Google. That's something new that's that's rolling out. Uh, for OEMs, they're doing something similar. And OEMs will now be able to also have literally the car feed feed into the search ads. This is a lot of really cool things that are coming down the pipeline. And again, if you're advertising uh vehicles in any way, this will be will continue to be probably the most effective way you could do it. You're also going to have a lot better reporting. So, there's really cool reporting coming down the pipeline where all these vehicle listing ads, you'll be able to see uh missed opportunities, what audiences you're missing, really, really cool things. So, uh, I think that we just covered it really quickly, but I think vehicle ads will continue to be the best way for you guys to advertise. And, uh, for those in countries where it wasn't available, it's rolling out very rapidly in the next couple months. And I could could go back to a country list for us to look at. Um, so you could see at the top my top right or top right also, um, all the countries that's in and the betas that's coming from. So, it's really rapidly going to go from a US- ccentric product to really worldwide. All right, next up. Next up, ads and AI search. So, this is an interesting one. Um, I think the next frontier in advertising, and we kind of all know it and feel it, but I I haven't seen a lot of people really prepared for it. Um, the next frontier is going to be advertising and AI, right? Um, everyone is now using Chad GPT, using AI search and for a while we kind of got away with using it without ads in it. But like any any other digital product, uh, these companies are going to have to start monetizing it. So Google ads specifically, we've been running ads and AI overview since January. So it's not even like a coming soon. It's literally here now. Um, again, it's very market specific. I imagine the US market is the first one that gets all this stuff. But for those that are not in the US, this is all going to come to you rapidly. It's not going to be like vehicle ads where Google took 3 years to start rolling out internationally. I think this will be very very rapidly coming to you guys the second half of this year. Um there's an example, the middle one is actually an example of an automotive ad. So someone asks uh Google AI search kind of a little far away from me so I can't uh can't read it very well but I think the search query was should I buy a new car or used car right and then AI gives you a response of pros and cons and then on the bottom you get ads so this is literally now ads being integrated into AI results I think this again will move very rapidly I think this will start being feed based so very soon you'll be able to feed your inventory in there so if someone searches Honda court versus Camry and AI I responds the pros and cons of each AI will also give you an advertised uh position to be in. And again, all this stuff uh when it rolls out, there's a lot of opportunity to be there first and really uh get a competitive advantage versus those that are not doing it. Um there's also a couple other examples. Um this again shows you how it works. This is all supposed to be like I don't want to say uh pre-BA, but it's very very early on and stuff. We've been testing for a little bit in very different ways. And some of the time the way the ads are coming up and AI results, you don't even know that it's an ad. So there's a lot of live testing going on. This could all change. But this is already here and we're doing ads in u ads and AI for on Google at least since the start of the year. Next up is Chad GPT ads. So this this has been a very hot topic for a little while. Um Chad GPT ads just rolled out in the US. I want to say two months ago we started the pilot. It's not even might have been April 1st, might be less than two months. So we ran the pilot for two uh two of our clients. Uh the initial pilot to do chat GPT ads, you had to commit a lot of money. It actually started off being even more money and then I think they lowered it to 200,000 and it was CPM based so you were paying for impressions not clicks. Um it's it's one of those things where a lot of people were very excited and jumped into it and I don't think the returns have been there but I think it's something that's also going to evolve. So in the last two weeks uh Chad GPT rolled out their self-s serve platform. So you could now run any ads you want yourself in it. You don't have to be in the pilot. You don't have to commit any money. They also move to a perclick model. So, you're no longer buying CPM, you're bidding per click. The interesting thing about both this and the Google AI overviews that I just showed you guys is in both cases, you're not going to be bidding on keywords. And if you think about it, the vehicle ads that we looked at before, I'll go back a couple slides. So, I have this clicker. I feel very powerful. I'm flying back and forth. Um, the vehicle ads here, for those that that uh that are familiar with vehicle ads, or I guess rather for those that are not, um, are not keyword based either. With vehicle ads, you give Google a feed and Google determines when to show it. So, you can't say, "I want my yellow Honda Civic to show up when someone searches yellow Honda Civic." You're trusting Google to contextually figure out based on the search query when to show that. The reason I say all of this is with the AI ads, it's all very similar. Both Google's AI ads and chat GPT ads are not keyword based and I think it's a very important distinction because from the paid search advertising as a industry as every industry we've really become very keyword centric right if you want to advertise on search you kind of the mentality is I'm buying a keyword all of this is moving away from keywords with chat GPT specifically you get very little control and you kind of give them the topic that you want to come up for and they figure out what to show you up for. So very different way to advertise, very different way to think about advertising. But this is also like I said this is already here. This is not even coming soon. This will just evolve over time. Couple things here. Uh on the left side are Chad GPT ads. So you add some information from Chad GPT and then literally you can now have an opportunity to show your product, your vehicle marketplace or even your car in there. The second part of it is uh and this is going to take a little bit longer to make it down to the automotive sector. The second part is egentic shopping. So Chad GPT has enabled agentic shopping for a few select platforms. Etsy being one of them and Shopify being one of them. So anyone with a Shopify store could enable to allow agentic shopping. So not only do you have ads in Chad GPT, but someone could literally have a conversation like you see in the screenshot conversation with Chad GPT. Chad GPT recommends you buy something and you could say go ahead Chad GPT buy it for me. Obviously, it's going to take a little while until people feel comfortable with having Chad GPT purchase cars for them. Uh, but I think everything's going to move in this direction and there's going to be tons of opportunities. All right, that was like very quick rapid fire. I have four minutes left. Uh, we'll go through Microsoft Ads. Microsoft Ads is a is a very interesting opportunity. So, Microsoft Ads actually invented the vehicle listing ads that we just looked at. um they did it way before Google. It just never became popular because as you guys know their market share has been smaller and just people haven't been following it as much as as they would with Google. Um interestingly their market share has been growing. Um I don't know how it's going to look into the future, but the last couple of years with their uh with their um agreements with Chad GPT and integrations and all that, they've actually grown market share across the board, not only in search activity, but in people using Edge browser, things like that. Um it also shows up just like I was showing you guys on Google. What's interesting with Microsoft is it's always cheaper per click, cheaper per conversion, less competitive, but Microsoft also does not limit this product per country. So, everyone here pretty much regardless of what country you are in, there might be some asterisks uh but could be running this right now and it shows up on MSN homepage on other Microsoft uh properties. So, this is also one of those like lowhanging fruits for you guys where you literally it's a vehicle feed you provide and then the ads will automatically show your car as you can see in this slides. It'll show your car, the picture, the miles, the price, literally everything there and you only pay when someone clicks. So, again, really, really powerful stuff that I know a lot of you guys are not doing that you could and should be doing. Um, also a couple slides provided by Microsoft that shows why why they're better than Google, right? They're they're always the underdog with less impression share, but there are there there are a lot of benefits to their audience usually is better in general. There's a lot of metrics that show it, but their audience is better. The other interesting part is their audience is very unique. And what I mean by that is people who use bing.com, people who use msn.com, people who have uh Edge as their default browser. I know there's not a lot based on the numbers based on numbers only one out of 10 of you guys. um people who do that don't use Google and don't use some other products. So they're usually very unique audiences. So uh definitely a lowhanging fruit opportunity and I similar to Google and Chad GPT, Microsoft's doing a lot of things with ads and AI results. So that's also they're also kind of pushing the next frontier in advertising. All right, with two minutes to go, closing thoughts. Um this is kind of like the take-home list, things to to think about. Number one, um, we're moving away from keyword bidding, which to me seems crazy. Not for everything, but certain industries more so than others. I think automotive moved here a little bit quicker than other industries because of the vehicle ads and vehicle feeds because you're ready to do that kind of advertising. You're not bidding on keywords. Um, marketplaces, which is which is a lot of you guys can do what dealers can't with the aggregated inventory. So by default you have a huge advantage. You have this huge inventory feed that you could feed into the vehicle ads. You could feed into the AI ads. You have a huge advantage of the inventory and control of the feed that you could provide. Uh Microsoft ads is is the easiest win um by far. You literally provide the same thing as you would by for Google, but it's just cheaper, works better. really no reason not to do it especially on an international scale because it is available in every country. And then uh my last point with 58 seconds to go um I think all of this is going to be moving really really quickly. I think in the last two years or so we knew all of this stuff was on the horizon. It was it was coming right. We knew that eventually there'll be ads in chat GPT. I think for like a year and a half people have been talking about it but it's moving really really rapidly. Literally a month and a half ago, Chad GPT decided we're going to be doing ads. Became first it was CPM based. It was had to you had to be in a beta. You had to sign up. You had to give them hundreds of thousands of dollars. Literally within 45 days, it's now open to everyone. So I think all of this is going to move very very quickly. The ways you could advertise, it's going to move very quickly. And I think that'll create a lot of opportunity for you guys. Uh if you're if you're agile and really are able to take advantage of it. Um, that's all I have. That's my email address and the QR code is my LinkedIn to connect with me. Again, if you'd like a copy of my book, just send me an email or connect with me. More than happy to send you guys. Thank you. >> I'm ready. >> I'm going to grab water. >> Perfect. said, "Shit me an email, please." >> The uh one of the things we we talked about a lot over the last couple of days when I've had conversation people, the conversation search. >> Yes. >> So, so when it comes to conversation search, like do you do you have any data around, you know, how how search is changing now and how people are using one started? >> Oh, man. Good, very good question. So, and I don't have the I have another deck with the slides, but it wasn't for today's presentation. So what's interesting is that um AI is conversational search, right? And that's how we're seeing AI being used where literally people are using AI differently than they're using Google search. So the the interesting thing to me is that both have been growing together and uh the kind of the way it's being used is different. And what I mean by that is uh in AI search, let's just call it Chad GPT to make it easier. In Chad GPT, people are having top offunnel conversations. So, they're going to Chad GPT and saying, "Can I fit my baby seat into my car?" Like those kind of things, right? Uh or they're saying, "Uh, can you help me compare safety features of this Volvo and this Honda?" Like, they're literally having conversations, but then after they're done having all those conversations, they actually go back to Google to actually research the like find the the the dealerships, find the car inventory. They're really using both. And the chart that unfortunately I don't have right now is while AI search is growing, traditional search is also growing. So you would think it would be one at the expense of the other, but they're actually both growing because people who are using Chad GPT are also using traditional search just for different things. AI search more top of funnel and then for now at least and uh Chad and traditional search for bottom funnel. And I know long-winded answer, but I'll give you one more example. What I find is that uh people are still not comfortable using Chad GPT to find businesses, services, products and I think that'll evolve but for now it's kind of a research tool and then they'll go they trust Google more they trust a traditional search more to find the actual dentist instead of like trusting Chad GPT to tell you what dentist you should use at all with the market because essentially policy are using. >> Oh man, that's that's an interesting one. So um uh it allows it allows dealerships to in a sense uh bypass uh bypass marketplaces for sure. Uh but that's not that's not a reason to not use it. It's a reason to use it, right? Um and in the US all the marketplaces use the vehicle apps. They're there as well. The advantage is you'll you'll most of the time will be able to uh advertise more effectively and have a bigger budget than than most dealerships. Um and for the smaller dealership, there's a lot of struggles with maintaining the vehicle ads, having it pricing correct, making sure the inventory is there. With you, for you guys, you have a lot more discipline with that kind of stuff. But for sure, it could it if you're not on there at all, it would displace you. Uh but it's I think it's a reason to be on there, not not the other way around. One more question. >> So, which markets will be most sophisticated in large dealerships or marketing smaller dealerships? >> Oh, man. Um, that's a tough one. I think both. Uh, I think uh vehicle ads uh are disruptive in every market. Um, you could make an argument that smaller dealerships might not do it. Like if they have 20 cars, are they going to be doing all these feeds and having someone manage it? They might not be. Uh, but I think both would be uh both would be impacted. And then I'll do one more in in 10 seconds. Uh Bing over Google. Uh Bing is cheaper per click, cheaper per conversion because less people are on it. So it's less competitive and you have a unique audience. So if you're not on there, you're missing the people. You're not going to hit them on Google. If someone only uses Edge browser and only uses Bing, MSN search, they're just not on Google, >> right? >> Cool. You want to do one more? >> I could I could go. Which one? Um, brief market use these features versus >> um, not sure if I get the question, but um, I think market places should be using all of this and be everywhere and be at the cutting cutting edge of stuff because at the end of the day, you're buying the attention of the user that's looking for the inventory. So, it's just like the dealerships who also are trying to do the same thing. Um, you guys just have the advantage of scale, you have the advantage of more inventory. And I think with more inventory, more scale, more budget, you're able to implement these things quicker and test these things quicker. >> Rapid fire. >> Thank you guys. Thank you. >> You'll take it off. Yeah. Thank you. All set. Perfect. Thank you.

- Animation or Live-Action? Best Ad Format for 2026 | IRPR.AGENCY: Kind: captions Language: en Choosing between animation and live-action for your next campaign is a critical strategic pivot. Welcome to the IRPR Agency twenty-twenty-six guide, where we cut through the noise to help you navigate production costs and audience impact with data derived from over five hundred successful campaigns. As you scroll, we examine the core considerations defining modern commercial strategy. You will see how animation offers predictable budgeting by removing the overhead of physical sets and location logistics, providing high-quality visuals for even the most complex concepts. Conversely, live-action excels at building immediate emotional resonance through authentic human moments, which is vital for products requiring a tangible, real-world demonstration. We explore how animation serves as the ideal medium for explaining abstract services or complex tech narratives that traditional filming simply cannot replicate. Our analysis continues to the production timeline, where animation wins on consistency—unaffected by variables like weather or talent availability—while providing unparalleled flexibility to iterate on characters and branding. We also discuss the nuances of measuring return on investment, where our advanced analytics track engagement metrics to reveal exactly what resonates with your demographic. You can then review our portfolio of successful brand stories and see why our ninety-eight percent client satisfaction rate stems from choosing the right format for your specific goals. Finally, we address your frequent questions, covering everything from average costs and audience perception to the potential for hybrid commercials that combine both styles into one cohesive, high-impact message. Whether you prioritize the abstract storytelling power of motion graphics or the grounded trust of live-action, we have the strategic framework to secure your brand's success. Make your next campaign your most impactful one yet with the expert guidance of IRPR Agency.

- The Shocking Truth About New Ad Formats Revolutionizing Online Shoppin: Kind: captions Language: en What if online shopping could be transformed overnight? >> [music] >> In 2023, e-commerce grew by 20% thanks to technological advancements and changing consumer behaviors. Yet, our interaction with online ads remains stagnant. Traditional banner ads and static search results are losing effectiveness leading to ad fatigue among consumers. Research indicates that nearly 80% of users ignore online advertisements. In this era, consumers demand engaging, personalized experiences. Enter innovative ad formats poised to revolutionize the market. Online retailers are urgently adapting their advertising strategies as traditional formats fail to capture attention. Innovations in technology, such as the direct offers pilot, allow brands to provide personalized discounts directly within search results. This approach enhances the shopping experience capturing attention and prompting immediate action. Artificial intelligence and machine learning drive these advancements. Brands analyze vast amounts of real-time consumer data to tailor offerings to individual preferences. Picture searching for a product and receiving a customized discount alongside a seamless checkout integrated into your search results. This is not a fantasy. It's the future of online shopping where advertising and consumer experience converge. Consumers are no longer passive. They actively engage in a more dynamic shopping process. As direct offers gain traction, competitors will scramble to adopt similar strategies. The potential for enhanced brand loyalty is significant as personalized experiences create deeper connections with customers. This shift could redefine how brands communicate value moving from generic marketing to personalized interactions. The technological breakthroughs behind these ad formats are impressive. The direct offers pilot harnesses real-time data, machine learning, and dynamic content delivery encouraging immediate consumer action. Imagine an online shopper seeing a product and with a single click receiving a personalized offer based on their browsing history and purchase patterns. This customization is enabled through sophisticated tracking systems that analyze behavior across platforms. Consider the traditional ad model reliant on static banners and generic promotions. In contrast, direct offers utilize deep learning techniques for hyper-targeted ads. Studies show personalized advertising can increase conversion rates by up to 300% reflecting a shift in consumer interaction with brands. As competitors rush to catch up, the implications for the industry are profound. E-commerce giants like Amazon and Shopify invest heavily in advanced technologies to enhance their advertising. Amazon's dynamic pricing model, which adjusts prices based on consumer behavior, is a precursor to what direct offers aim to achieve. However, the race for consumer attention raises challenges. Transparency and ethical data usage are more critical than ever. Consumers demand better privacy protections. Direct offers must navigate these complexities carefully. Brands prioritizing ethical advertising, informed consent, and data protection will emerge as leaders. Those neglecting consumer privacy may face distrust and disengagement. Another critical aspect is integrating augmented reality in ad formats. Imagine virtually trying on clothing or visualizing furniture in your home. Companies like IKEA already use AR technologies allowing consumers to interact with products in a three-dimensional space. Combining AR with direct offers could captivate consumers and compel immediate purchases eliminating uncertainties often associated with online shopping. As we look to the future, tracking engagement rates and customer feedback will be crucial for measuring the success of these innovations. Market analysts predict that personalized ad formats could account for over 50% of online advertising expenditures by next fiscal year, indicating a robust market shift towards experience-driven advertising. The advancements in personalized advertising extend beyond profits. Brands will shape consumer expectations, leading to a more engaged customer base where individuals feel valued. This emotional connection fosters brand loyalty, creating a cycle of satisfied customers returning for more. This paradigm shift could mark a new retail era where advertising and customer experience blend. In conclusion, the emergence of innovative ad formats, epitomized by direct offers, signifies a leap forward in online shopping. As technology and consumer behavior evolve, so must the strategies brands employ. The future transcends mere product sales. It's about crafting personalized experiences. With ethical practices and innovative technologies, brands can redefine relationships with customers, paving the way for a rewarding shopping experience. This marks a pivotal moment that could reshape entire industries. Imagine brands engaging in genuine conversations with consumers instead of merely pushing ads. This evolution could lead to nuanced marketing approaches, emphasizing understanding and personalization. As data-driven insights become central, brands can create experiences that feel less like sales pitches and more like informed recommendations. The beauty industry illustrates this shift with augmented reality allowing consumers to virtually try products. Such innovations enhance purchasing confidence and could ripple across sectors like fashion and home goods. Imagine visualizing furniture in your room via smartphone while receiving real-time offers based on browsing habits. Yet, these advancements challenge data privacy norms. As brands gather more data, the question arises: How much is too much? Navigating these waters ethically requires a commitment to transparency and consumer consent. As technology evolves, society must grapple with the complexities of data privacy. Reflecting on these advancements, it's crucial to approach them critically. While promising, they pose challenges. Reliance on data analytics raises questions about consumer autonomy. Are decisions genuinely ours, or are they influenced by algo- rithms? Personalized shopping experiences risk erasing the spontaneity integral to consumer behavior. Ethical concerns about manipulation also loom large. Brands must tread carefully to avoid crossing into exploitative territory. Furthermore, predictive algorithm biases can distort consumer representations. Establishing safeguards against potential abuses is imperative as these systems integrate into our lives. Brands must educate consumers about these technologies. Transparency about data usage and personalized advertising mechanisms will foster trust. Consumers need the empowerment to make informed decisions, necessitating collaboration between tech firms and regulatory bodies for ethical frameworks supporting innovation. Looking ahead, will these technologies lead us toward a balance between consumer empowerment and brand engagement, or swing too far toward exploitation? The trajectory of these innovations will redefine our relationship with technology and shape industries. Will regulations safeguard consumer rights, or will competition drive brands to push boundaries? The path ahead is filled with challenges and opportunities. We must demand a future prioritizing ethical standards while embracing the possibilities of new advertising formats. As the landscape evolves, one thing is clear: The future of online shopping is being rewritten, and it's up to all stakeholders to ensure this transformation benefits society.

- Static Ads Masterclass 2026 (Full Guide) | The Easiest Ads to Scale FAST: Kind: captions Language: en If you're running any kind of e-commerce brand and static ads aren't part of your overall approach, then you are leaving money on the table. Over the past 12 months, myself and my agency, Fraggle, have made over 10,000 ads for 7, 8, and 9 figure DTOC brands. 20% of those were static ads. Yep, you heard that right. No fancy UGC, no videos, no transitions, just plain static pixels. And these ads have helped many D2C brands that we work with absolutely slash their CPA, some of them up to 40%. I'm Fraser. I'm one of the founders here at Fraggle. And we make ad creative for DTOC brands. So when I talk about this stuff, I know what I'm talking about. I promise. In today's video, I'm going to show you the exact process that we use to make static ads for our clients and also going to reveal a little cheat code for you at the end so that you can do it yourself at scale. So let's get into it. Why do static ads still work in 2025? Well, simply put, they're the easiest way for you to rapidly test messaging imaging to your customer at a affordable budget. You can probably crank out 20 statics in the time it takes me to make a video. And the reason for that is just, you know, there's 24 images in a second for video and there's only one frame in a static ad. But none of this matters if you don't make them correctly. So, there's three key learnings that I want to teach you throughout this video. And the first one is that whenever you make static ads, you need to ensure that they are easily skimable. And what I mean by that is people are bombarded by ads every single day. If they watch a video ad, they have to commit to, you know, 5 seconds, let's say, to understand what that video is about. However, with a static ad, they can skim the text and the image in like a second. But that's only if you make it skimable. If you make the text really difficult to understand or difficult to see, then it's going to take longer for people to realize what the ad's about and you've lost them and they'll scroll on by. And that's why the most successful statics are the ones that are just simple. Another key thing that you need is you need to deal with objections. Because of the way that meta works, often enough these static ads are sitting at the bottom or middle of the funnel. And this is the point in the sales journey where people are deciding whether they're going to buy or not. So, it's the perfect opportunity to address the objections people might have. Perhaps it's price that is stopping them from purchasing. Well, why don't we break down the price to a daily figure to anchor it at a lower figure? Or maybe it's trust. They don't know you. They don't know why they should buy from you. So, social proof would be perfect. And in fact, that leads me into the next point that should be in every single static, and it is social proof. A review, a star rating, a trust pilot icon, whatever it is, including some social proofing your statics is the key to their success. The brands that are doing statics really well simply don't miss any of those three things. So, let's break down some of our most successful static ads that we've made at Fraggle, and I'll show you why they work. So, this first one is from one of our clients called The Black Stuff. It's a soap brand, and this is such an incredible performing static. I posted it on my Twitter recently and I compared the different variations and I asked people which one they think won out and this was the winner. It's so incredibly simple. It's literally hands holding their different soaps. It's great here because their soaps are really colorful and eye-catching anyway. And that's actually one big point to why this worked is the imagery is eye-catching. If your product looks cool or you can make it look cool, go to the extra effort because it will make your ads stop the scroll way easier. And then we go on to break down the three most popular SKUs and explain them in word terms of what they smell like. For example, citrus cedarwood scrub is orange, peppermint, and cedar wood. And it's citrusy and exfoliating. The static isn't anything groundbreaking. It's literally three of their SKs, images of them, and then we're just explaining what they smell like. And then finally, at the bottom, we have the copy, which is calling out their offer, which is the clean crack offer. So, we're calling out that it's an offer. might get people's attention if they are on the fence about purchasing. And then just a little bit of copy as well just to seal the deal. Smells so good you'll distract yourself. And then finally, a shop now CTA and the logo. Nothing crazy. And yet this performed incredibly well. You'll actually notice on this we don't have any social proof, but at the top I said that every ad needs to include social proof. And that is right. Okay, don't get me wrong, but I think it's worth testing sometimes if removing that social proof or having it makes any difference. maybe do a variation. This was another really popular ad that we made for Freya. And you can see the imagery is probably the reason why it did so well. The idea behind this is that we want to sell bone broth as a natural way to get better bowels, healthier joints, increase your hormone balance, and stronger skin and nails. And so, what's the best way to do that? Well, to put a patch of grass, cuz that says natural, it says organic. So, our designer put this together. They generated the little grass patch with Mid Journey. And then they literally just put one of their product images, added a shadow, and now it looks like it's floating. And in this one, we have social proof. 2,000 plus five-star reviews, love it, or money back. That's another main factor of why ads, static ads in particular, often work. It's guarantees. If you can make someone feel safe in their purchase, then they are going to purchase. How much more confident would you feel if someone said, "Spend four grand on this product, and if you hate it, I'll give you your money back." You have nothing to lose. So, why would you not purchase it? That's the same thing we're doing here. We're saying, look, try it out. If you don't like it, no worries. You can have your money back. Walk away. Nothing lost, nothing gained. And that's all about your offer. It's not necessarily to do with static ads, but the way that you present it in your ads is important. And then at the bottom here, we just have some main benefit call outs, what Freya is going to help you achieve if you use them. Now, this static ad from Misa is probably one of the best static ads in terms of performance that we've ever made. And I am so proud of this cuz our designer did an incredible work cuz all they had to work with was an image cut out of the hand and the product. The rest is all completely generated and stitched together. And that's what's so great about static ads is you can you can really make anything possible. Particularly now with the rise of chat GPT and the image generation model that wasn't around when we made this. However, you can see how easy it would be to make that even now. And the important part that I want to draw your attention to in this ad is the copy. Upgrade your heating and control it from your phone. Often enough, any kind of technology product, it just feels complicated. You lose people because they're like, "Am I actually going to be able to use this?" And so, what we wanted to do with a copy in this is simplify as much as we possibly could do. The Misa allows you to control your heating from your home. That's it. That's how simple it is. But for a lot of people, it's a major upgrade from the regular old thermostats that they have. And so we wanted to include that this is an upgrade from what you already have, giving people a reason to click and find out more. So upgrade your heating and control it from your phone. Simple. And then a bit of color theory comes into this as well. We have, you know, the red drawing our attention to like the pinky red text. And then the background we have the purple color which matches the purple which is on the phone. Everything kind of ties together. Design is actually pretty important when it comes to static ads. you can go down like the ugly static route like post-it note ads and all that. However, I normally push people towards like the well-designed stuff because it just separates you from a bit of the noise really. I always say ad creative is your moat. If you can deepen your moat with better ad creative, then people are going to have a harder job copying you. Okay, so we've gone through some of our best performers, but how can you replicate them for yourself? Do you have to hire a designer? Do you have to spend all this money on graphics and photography? No. A great service that I founded with a couple of friends a while back was Creative OS. If you've never heard about this, this is a tool where it's an absolute sea of templates for your ads that you can open up in Canva and Figma and within a couple of clicks, you have some wellperforming static ads. And now it's even easier because of chat GPT. You can generate your images in ChatGpt. You can take those and add them to a Creative OS template. Within seconds, you've got a bunch of ads to test. There's a link down below if you want to check out Creative OS and you want to support what we're doing. Go and have a look. There's a free trial. You can try it out. And if you don't like it, you don't like it. So to recap, the first thing, research your customer deeply. You need to understand your customer so that you can speak to them. Number two, start with some kind of objection. It can normally spiral a couple of ideas. So start with a popular objection that you get to why your customer hasn't purchased your product. Number three, build in social proof where you can. Any opportunity to increase customer trust is worth it. Number four, design for the scroll. Think about when people are scrolling past. Is this eye-catching enough? Can I skim read this? Think before you design. Test fast, test messy. The best thing about static ads is how many you can make and how many you can test at speed. Rapid testing of statics will result in learnings. If you want static ads like this or maybe even video ads, then I would love to chat. Scan the QR code on the screen if you want or check out the link down below to book a call with me. But until the next one, hit subscribe, hit like, leave a comment, and I'll see you soon. Bye-bye. [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @jwh0122 [15 likes]: 1:22 make your ads skimable, easy to read & understand
1:58 address customer objections: price, trust
2:33 social proof

6:51 colour

7:36 CreativeOS
  2. @pixonicgraphix [10 likes]: I'm a designer and one thing I'd say that these designs look really good but when it comes to clients they would straight forward say it is canva or ai generated I can make in 2 minutes they don't mainly see what this ad can do for them and they make up so many changes that the design is ruined and when they use that design, they don't get results than they give blames to us as didn't got luck on the creatives blah, blah...
  3. @newtrendcomputernetworksllc [10 likes]: Super helpful breakdown! Static ads are underrated—this makes scaling feel doable without overcomplicating things. Thanks for the clear tips!
  4. @estonian44 [3 likes]: thanbk you, that was fun and informative,
  5. @LeeroyJDeWitt [2 likes]: fraggle rocks .... thanks for the very useful info!
  6. @IM_so_obsessed [1 likes]: Hello sir! I want to make an ad agency. But so new in this field. I don't know how to make ads and don't know how to find clints for selling these ads. Can you plz give me the solution?
  7. @husseinalbahri-jg8mp [1 likes]: Do you have a team for designing advertisements?
  8. @hasnain231 [1 likes]: What about the Ads for services ? I Want to get clients for my SEO services!
  9. @joshuanguyen3975 [1 likes]: Any tips on certain formats and static creatives that do best for TOF ?
  10. @BillTrammel [1 likes]: Incredibly useful video, thank you sir
  11. @AndreaCeccotti-j7f [1 likes]: Are there any ad templates in creativeos that are also good for B2B services and lead generation?
  12. @MrHectorrespeto [1 likes]: Great Video, thank you
  13. @AlbertPanugaling: thank you! very informative and amazing
  14. @owikhan845: Great
  15. @AlexWellFitness: awesome video. and clean ads you guys creating!
  16. @leslie.99: Hello! i hope you can help me. im a graphic designer and we need to produce 50 ads but with andromeda update every ads should not be the same. How does variation work for andromeda update?
  17. @jcflash2381: On which platform can I publish my static ads? And this can be used for paid ads?
  18. @brianedwardsu7404: SUPER LOVE YOUR editing - is htis ADOBE PREMEIRE?
  19. @jakubkilian6573: Hi Fraser, big fan of yours! I have a question concerning proper resolution/proportions of the static ads? In what proportions should I send the creative/creatives in one fb ad? TY upfront
  20. @christopherburns2303: CreativeOS got my credit card details, and now it won't let me login again. There's no way I can cancel the subscription now 😒

- ¿Por qué tus antepasados dormían mejor que tú?: Kind: captions Language: en Welcome, curious minds. Do you know how our ancestors slept thousands of years ago? How many hours of sleep do we really need each day depending on our age? And what happens to our bodies and brains if we don't get enough sleep? Is it really dangerous to wake a sleepwalker? Has it ever happened to you that just as you're falling asleep, you suddenly feel like you're falling into a void and you jump out of bed? Why does that happen? Have you ever stopped to think about how strange the act of sleeping is? Every night we lie down, close our eyes, and our brain completely disconnects from the outside world. At that moment, our bodies are paralyzed, our senses shut down , and we are at the mercy of any danger. From an evolutionary point of view, the loss of consciousness during sleep is one of the riskiest acts in the entire animal kingdom. We spend a third of our lives—think about it, an average of 25 years—sleeping, and therefore defenseless against environmental threats. And yet, this state is a fundamental pillar for our survival. We need sleep because it is the essential biological mechanism by which our body and brain repair themselves, rebalance, and prepare to face a new day. During rest, we not only conserve energy but also carry out crucial maintenance functions. The immune system strengthens its defenses to fight infections. Muscle tissue regenerates, and at a neurological level, the brain processes emotions, consolidates memory, and uses the lymphatic system to cleanse toxins accumulated from intense neuronal activity during the day. In short, sleep is not a luxury or a state of inactivity, but an active and vital process without which our physical health, mental stability, and cognitive abilities would quickly collapse. But how did our bodies come to design such a complex yet vulnerable sleep system ? It didn't arise by chance, but was forged by evolution under extreme conditions. To understand how modern Homo sapiens sleep, we have to travel back to the African savanna millions of years ago, to the dawn of humanity. Imagine for a moment a hostile environment, a pitch-black night where the only sound is that of nocturnal predators stalking in the darkness. In that era, the first hominins, the evolutionary branch unique to humans among hominids, had no houses, no doors, no walls. To avoid attacks from big cats, our ancestors had to resort to a strategy still used today by our evolutionary cousins, such as chimpanzees and orangutans: building nests in the highest branches of trees. Sleeping high up prevented you from becoming a cheetah's dinner, but the price to pay was very high, to say the least. Imagine the stress of trying to rest knowing that one wrong move could send you plummeting to the ground. For this reason, the sleep of our ancestors in the trees was light and fragmented. They woke up constantly. To avoid falling, their muscles had to maintain a constant state of tension, and this tension prevented their bodies from truly relaxing, making it nearly impossible to regularly reach the deepest stages of sleep. Today's non-human hominins—chimpanzees, bonobos, gorillas, and orangutans—still suffer from this limitation. Their sleep is a kind of half-wakefulness. But then something happened that changed the fate of our species forever. We managed to domesticate fire when species like Homo erectus learned to control the flames. They not only gained light and heat to warm themselves, but also a protective shield. Fire acted as a security wall, a perimeter of light that kept wild animals away. For the first time in evolutionary history, these hominins could abandon the protection of branches and sleep on solid ground. This change was revolutionary for a biological reason you might not imagine. Lying on the ground next to a fire, the need to remain alert to avoid falling from a tree disappeared completely. His muscles were finally able to relax, and this complete loss of muscle tone is an essential requirement for the brain to fully enter REM sleep. At this point, we should explain that each night our rest is divided into two main states. Non-REM sleep. Non-REM sleep occupies 75% of our night and is divided into three stages of increasing depth, from the lightest, stages one and two, to stage three, which is when the body releases growth hormone to repair tissues and strengthen the immune system. It is also when the lymphatic system, which we mentioned earlier, is activated, and it is responsible for eliminating toxins accumulated during the day. Scientifically, it is the most valuable period for physical health. If you don't reach enough stage three, your immune system doesn't update properly, and tissues don't repair correctly, accelerating biological aging. And then there is REM sleep. After deep sleep, the brain shifts gears and enters REM sleep, which stands for rapid eye movement. Here, brain activity surges to levels almost identical to those of wakefulness, but the body undergoes total muscle paralysis to prevent us from acting out in real life what we are experiencing in the dream. REM sleep is the time when the brain sorts through memories, discards the unnecessary, and consolidates learning. It is also the setting for our most vivid and narrative dreams. If deep sleep repairs the body, REM sleep repairs the mind and regulates our emotions. Without it, we become irritable and lose the ability to concentrate. British neuroscientist Matthew Walker, author of the essay *Why We Sleep*, argues that the transition hominins made to longer, deeper REM sleep was the catalyst that triggered our cognitive abilities. By sleeping on the ground, protected by fire, and experiencing deeper sleep, the brains of our ancestors could process the day's emotions, soothe traumatic memories, and consolidate what they had learned. Upon awakening, those early humans possessed more creative minds, capable of innovating, crafting more complex tools, and developing something as sophisticated as articulate language. Fire not only warmed our bodies, it triggered a neurochemical revolution that allowed us to sleep deeply and evolve into what we are today. Did you know that we are the primate that sleeps the least, yet sleeps the most deeply? Modern great apes spend more hours sleeping. For example, chimpanzees, bonobos, and gorillas spend an average of 10 hours in their nests, and orangutans, the sleepiest of all, almost 13. However, their rest is light and fragmented because, as we've explained, they can't afford to completely shut down their brains in the trees. In contrast, when our ancestors descended to Earth, evolution compressed their rest, as remaining on the ground was risky. Despite fire, they became efficient sleepers, sleeping fewer hours, an average of seven or eight. But in return, the time they spent in that restorative REM phase skyrocketed to reach 20 or 25% of their total sleep, an absolute record compared to any other primate. The chimpanzee, with whom we share more than 98% of our DNA, is the only one that comes close. So, when did we diverge from the rest of the primates in terms of sleep? When exactly did the miracle occur that allowed hominins to begin domesticating fire? Experts disagree . Some researchers believe it must have happened 1.5 million years ago, while others are more cautious and explain that solid evidence that our ancestors could consistently use fire is no more than 500,000 years old. Has it ever happened to you that just as you're falling asleep, you suddenly feel like you're falling and you jump up in bed? This phenomenon is known as a hypnic jerk. And evolutionary biologists believe this muscle spasm is a direct echo of our arboreal past. If your body relaxes Very quickly upon falling asleep, our primal brain panics, interpreting it as a real fall from a branch and sending an emergency electrical shock to our muscles to make us grab onto an imaginary tree trunk. Perhaps our body is resting on a comfortable mattress, but our brain is still on the African savanna. And speaking of survival, why do we tend to sleep so poorly the first night we spend in a hotel room or someone else's house? Sleep science has discovered that it's a pure and simple defense mechanism known as the first-night effect. Just as ducks or dolphins can sleep with half their brain awake to monitor their surroundings, humans employ a slightly more subtle version. During that first night in unfamiliar territory, one of our brain hemispheres, usually the left, refuses to enter the deep sleep phase. It remains in a state of light alertness, acting as a night watchman in case any threats appear in this new environment. In a recent 2026 study, research from Japan's Nagoya University pinpointed the exact chemical switch that triggers this sleeplessness. They discovered that upon entering a new place, specific neurons in our amygdala, the brain region that controls our most primal emotions, are activated and release a molecule called neurotensin. This travels to the substantia nigra, the area of the brain that controls wakefulness, and gives it the strict order to maintain a state of alertness. In other words, that first night in a hotel, you don't sleep badly because of the mattress. It's your own biology flooding your brain with neurotensin to protect you from invisible predators. And the best part of this discovery is that by unraveling this circuit, scientists are already envisioning the development of new treatments for insomnia that can switch off this excessive state of alertness. The search for comfort by the Homo genus didn't stop at bare ground. If we look for the archaeological origin of beds, we have to travel to the Border Cave site in South Africa. According to a 2020 article published in the journal Science, a team of archaeologists led by South African Lin Watley discovered what we can consider humanity's first mattress. It is approximately 200,000 years old. These early humans gathered broad-leaved grasses, especially from the Panicaceae subfamily, such as Guinea grass, which still grows at the cave entrance. But what is most striking is that they didn't simply throw these grasses onto the ground; they placed them on thick layers of ash. The ash acted as a natural insect repellent, providing them with a soft, warm, and bite-free surface. Furthermore, among the remains in Border Cave, sprigs of camphor tree were found— an aromatic plant of the Tarconanthus species that is still used today in rural areas of East Africa to repel mosquitoes. So they knew exactly what they were doing. By creating pest-free spaces, these humans improved their health, avoided parasitic diseases , and achieved higher-quality sleep, crucial for cognitive development. As more complex civilizations emerged, the concept of rest evolved into forms that would seem, well, incomprehensible to us today. Let's talk, for example, about pillows. What's the first thing you look for when you rest your head on one? Softness, right? Well, if we travel to ancient Egypt, we'll discover that the upper classes didn't use soft pillows, but rather rigid headrests carved from stone, wood, ivory, or alabaster. Imagine trying to sleep with your skull resting just above your ear on a hard structure with a flat base, a central column, and a concave top support. It sounds like a torture device, but it actually had very practical uses. First, in a hot desert, elevating the head allowed air currents to circulate around the neck, offering thermal relief impossible to achieve with fabric cushions. Aesthetically, These headrests protected the elaborate hairstyles and expensive wigs of the Egyptian elite. And on a survival level, keeping the nose and ears off the ground prevented scorpions or spiders from entering during the night, but their usefulness went even further. For the Egyptians, sleep also meant entering a dangerous spiritual world. That's why these headrests possessed a profound religious and magical significance. They were often decorated with representations of protective deities like Bes and Taweret, responsible for warding off evil spirits that lurked in the darkness and tried to enter through the skull's openings at night. One of the most emblematic examples of these pillows belonged to Pharaoh Tutankhamun and was discovered along with the rest of the Egyptian king's tomb by British archaeologist Howard Carter. This headrest was made of elephant ivory and carved with the figure of Su, the god of air and light, who raised the pharaoh's head to ensure his daily rebirth. Since the head was considered the seat of the spirit, this object was so vital that it was included in tombs as an indispensable amulet from the Book of the Dead to ensure resurrection in the afterlife. And how did the indigenous cultures of the Americas rest? In these lands, long before the arrival of Europeans, the natives developed sleeping technologies that were not only masterpieces of climate adaptation but also possessed symbolic and spiritual significance. To understand this, we must discuss two inventions that are thousands of years old: the petate and the hammock. In Mesoamerica, the king of sleeping mats was the petate, a type of mat or rug woven from palm, cane, or guano fibers. But for civilizations like the Mexica, Maya, and Chontal, the petate was much more than a simple mattress on the ground. It was the symbol of the human cycle, the artifact that linked birth and death. In fact, in pre-Hispanic Mexico, midwives used it to receive newborns; that is, life began on its interwoven fibers. Throughout their lives, a person ate, prayed, loved, and slept on it. And when death came, the petate became their shroud, serving as a coffin to bury the body. You were born on a petate and you left this world wrapped in it. It was a highly respected object. If we move south to the tropical zones, the Caribbean coasts, the jungles of South America, the petate ceased to be practical due to the stifling heat and extreme humidity. It was in these areas that one of history's greatest innovations, over 4,000 years old, was born: the hammock. In some cultures, the hammock is known as the cradle of the gods. The creation of hammocks was a highly specialized female task that required advanced knowledge of cotton weaving, the agibisco. From an evolutionary and comfort standpoint, sleeping suspended in the air in a tropical environment was a very clever adaptation because it offered unparalleled ventilation to combat the extreme heat and, more importantly, kept the individual away from the dampness of the ground and dangerous fauna such as insects, snakes, and other crawling animals. When Europeans arrived in America, they greatly appreciated these inventions. In fact, later, in the tropical and coastal areas of the viceroyalties of New Spain and Peru, the population continued to use native tools such as the hammock and the pedate (a type of hammock), while in the colder mountainous areas, attempts were made to replicate European customs of thermal insulation. Europeans, especially sailors, immediately adopted the hammock upon realizing that sleeping suspended prevented them from falling out of bed due to the rocking of ships. This forever changed the history of navigation. But before continuing, let's go back in time a bit to the Middle Ages in Europe to tell you some surprising facts. Because you think that sleeping stretched out horizontally, as we do now, has always been the norm? Well, no. In the Middle Ages and well into the modern era, a large part of the population slept in a semi-seated position. They lay propped up on numerous cushions to elevate their torsos. This wasn't an extravagant fashion, but rather a belief based on humoral theory and contemporary medical texts, which held that sleeping completely flat hindered digestion. It was thought that the lack of inclination allowed malignant vapors, or humors, from the stomach to rise to the brain and cause illness, including serious mental disorders . Adding to this physiological reason was a psychological fear. Sleeping horizontally was associated with death because lying on one's back was the position in which corpses were placed in their coffins and graves. The fear of suffering a sudden death during the night prompted people to sleep almost upright, ready to react or at least to establish a very clear visual distinction between sleep and death. European furniture of the time also reflected the harshness of living conditions. In northern regions like Brittany, Scotland, and the Netherlands, box beds became popular. These were sturdy wooden pieces of furniture, similar to large wardrobes, equipped with hinged doors or thick curtains, into which people would go to sleep. And although they might seem like a luxury item, these box beds were also a lifesaver for peasants in the colder regions of Europe. For a humble family sharing a single stone room with their farm animals, this rustic piece of furniture was their only protection against the night's chill and rats. Closing the bed doors also created a microclimate that retained body heat. These box beds sometimes had interior shelves for storing valuables and served as protective shelters for young children against wolves or stray livestock on the farms. However, forget the privacy and intimacy we have today, because people didn't sleep alone in their beds. It was still a shared social space. Parents, children, sometimes visitors, and even some pets, which provided additional warmth, could all sleep on the same mattress. In the case of wealthier people, even the closest and most trusted servants would occasionally share the bed with their masters, ready to be at their beck and call. This not only kept them warm but also provided a greater sense of security. You have to imagine the nighttime atmosphere in medieval cities, saturated with foul odors due to the lack of sanitation. This reinforced the fear of miasmas, considered malignant effluvia or corrupt air emanating from decomposing organic matter, stagnant water, and diseased bodies. At that time, it was believed that these nauseating smells traveling through the air transmitted contagious diseases like cholera or the plague. Therefore, isolating oneself in closed beds or sleeping surrounded by people was perceived as a shield, a vital barrier against the diseases that lurked in the darkness. However, for most servants, rest was far more precarious. In castles and wealthy homes, it was common for servants, soldiers, and vassals to spend the night on straw mattresses on the floor of the great hall. These rudimentary cloth sacks, filled with straw or cheap wool, were unrolled each night around the central fire. At dawn, these makeshift mattresses were hastily gathered up so the room could resume its usual daytime activity. Overcrowding, smoke, and fleas were the constant companions of this type of communal rest. In reality, it's quite similar to what our Paleolithic ancestors did: sleeping huddled together in groups, always alert to ensure survival against any threat. Did you know that our current obsession with sleeping eight hours straight is a very modern invention? For millennia, and documented from the time of Homer in ancient Greece until the end of the 10th century, human beings did not sleep straight through the night, but rather our sleep was biphasic, that is, we slept in two distinct phases of about 4 hours each, separated by a brief period Staying awake at night was common among medieval Europeans. The most interesting thing is that all of this relates to a question you may have asked yourselves: Why do I sometimes wake up at 3 a.m. and can't fall back asleep? I get anxious thinking I have severe insomnia. Of course, if you suspect insomnia, consult a professional. But it's possible that your body is trying to return to that primal sleep pattern our ancestors had. Or at least that's what can be deduced from an experiment conducted in the early 1990s by psychiatrist and researcher Thomas Ware, a scientist at the National Institute of Mental Health in the United States. Ware subjected a group of volunteers to a natural photoperiod, that is, he eliminated all artificial light and exposed them to 14 hours of darkness per day, simulating the long winter nights of the pre-industrial era. For the first few weeks, the participants slept an average of 11 hours straight, trying to compensate for all the sleep deprivation accumulated from the demands of modern life. However, after a month, their sleep patterns underwent a change that surprised the researchers. Uninterrupted sleep disappeared completely. Instead, it gave way to a segmented or biphasic pattern. The subjects slept for an initial four-hour block, woke for one or two hours, and then fell back asleep for a second four-hour block until dawn. And what was most interesting was what happened during the waking interval between these two phases. The participants didn't experience frustration or stress, nor did they toss and turn in bed. On the contrary, endocrinological tests revealed high levels of prolactin, a hormone associated with calm and relaxation. This induced a meditative and peaceful state of consciousness, ideal for reflection. This biological finding found its counterpart in research conducted by the American historian Roger Eksch. After dedicating years to scrutinizing diaries, court records, and medical literature from past centuries to write his work, At the End of the Night, he concluded that segmented sleep was the universal norm before gas lighting and later electricity entered human life . In pre-industrial societies, people retired to rest shortly after sunset, experienced an initial sleep, and awoke around midnight. This intermediate period of activity, known as the vigil, possessed immense cultural and social richness. In the intimacy of the twilight, people tended the hearth fire, conversed with family and neighbors, prayed, interpreted their recent dreams, or reflected in solitude. Furthermore, medical manuals recommended this time as the most optimal for reproduction, arguing that the body was rested after the initial sleep. We find evidence of this practice in the literature of the Spanish Golden Age. Miguel de Cervantes captured this habit in Don Quixote, where he explicitly mentions how the protagonist completes his first dream, presupposing the existence of a subsequent waking state and a second rest. Likewise, poets and playwrights like López de Vega and Quevedo alluded to the moments of inspiration or spiritual tribulation that arose in the early hours of the morning, when the silence of the surroundings fostered mental acuity. Some experts point out that the suppression of this hour of creative wakefulness through the imposition of artificial light has deprived modern humanity of a valuable space for introspection. And since we're talking about harnessing the creativity of the night, there's a historical anecdote that tells of geniuses like the inventor Thomas Edison and the painter Salvador Dalí, who hated wasting time sleeping, knowing that the hypnagogic phase—those moments of drowsiness before falling completely asleep—is a goldmine for creativity and imagination. So they used a trick to make the most of it. They sat down to rest in a chair with some heavy keys, They would hold metal balls in their hands and place a plate on the floor. The instant they lost consciousness and entered deep sleep, the muscles in their hands would relax, the keys would fall onto the plate, and the noise would jolt them awake. Yes, they managed to capture those brilliant, almost dreamlike ideas before deep sleep erased them from their minds forever. But then, where does the myth that humans need eight hours of uninterrupted sleep to rest properly come from? The blame lies with the Industrial Revolution, which began around 1760. With the rise of manufacturing and the widespread use of gas lighting from the early 19th century, and a few decades later with electricity, the night became an extension of the workday. Workers' time ceased to be governed by solar cycles and was subjected to the tyranny of the clock, becoming the property of industry. Capitalist society demanded that human rest be compressed into a single, efficient block so that people would be ready to produce at dawn. So, if they deviated from this schedule, it was taken as a sign of laziness. We force our biology to adapt to machine schedules, but our biology is stubborn. Have you ever felt judged for not being able to get up early with energy, or conversely, been surprised that you couldn't keep your eyes open past 10 p.m.? Modern society rewards early risers and labels night owls as lazy. But evolutionary anthropology tells us something very different. Canadian biological anthropologist David R. Samson, a researcher at the University of Toronto and author of the book *Award Tribal Future*, formulated a theory known as the sentinel effect. Samson lived with the Hatza, a hunter-gatherer community in Tanzania that lives without electricity, and monitored their activity patterns using biometric devices. Samson discovered that in a group of 30 people, the total amount of time all members were awake at the same time throughout the night barely reached 18 minutes. There was always someone awake, tending the fire or keeping watch. This extreme asynchrony isn't a disruption of circadian rhythms—that is, the internal 24- hour biological clock that regulates sleep-wake cycles, body temperature, hormones, and metabolism in response to light and darkness. The Jazza's asynchrony is a defense mechanism, a genetic strategy designed to ensure collective survival. In wild environments, having individuals with different chronotypes ensures that a percentage of the group is always awake. Larks, those who are naturally early risers, and owls, those who stay alert late, complement each other to detect approaching predators or rival tribes. So, if you're a night owl forced to get up at 6 a.m. for the office, you're not lazy. You are going against your physiology and are victims of a modern world that ignores our evolutionary heritage. This imposition of modern norms on ancestral organisms generates a profound biological shock, leading us to analyze sleep disorders from an anthropological perspective. American researcher Carol Wman, a professor at Emory University, has thoroughly studied what she calls the ecology of sleep in traditional cultures in places like Egypt, Vietnam, and Papua New Guinea. While most of us invest significant resources in seeking absolute silence, ergonomic mattresses, and total isolation for sleep, pre-industrial societies rest in the opposite acoustic context. They sleep in noisy environments surrounded by familiar breathing, domestic animals, crying children, and conversations around the fire. Because for the mind sculpted during the Paleolithic era, the noise of their social group is an unequivocal indicator of safety. It signifies that the tribe is present and alert. Silence, on the other hand, sends an alarm signal to the primitive brain, suggesting that the group has dispersed or that an imminent threat has caused the animals to fall silent. This dissonance This explains why some people experience high levels of anxiety in the complete stillness of their modern bedrooms and require white noise or the hum of a television to fall asleep. The modern environment, devoid of social stimuli, stresses a nervous system calibrated for group life. Adding to the lack of social interaction is the great enemy of our rest: artificial light. At a biological level, our bodies are designed to secrete melatonin, the hormone that regulates the sleep-wake cycle, as sunlight fades and temperatures drop. Despite this, today we live out of sync with the solar cycle. We deceive our retinal photoreceptors with the blue light emitted from the screens of mobile phones, tablets, and televisions right up until the moment we close our eyes. This blue light suppresses melatonin synthesis and induces an unnatural state of hyperactivation. The chronic insomnia suffered by a large part of the world's population is now considered an evolutionary anomaly. We are subjecting Paleolithic organisms to digital light chaos. In fact, comparative studies conducted with members of the Gatza tribes in Tanzania or the Saan of the Kalahari Desert in Namibia show that in these communities it is very rare to find someone complaining of not being able to sleep. Their rest periods, which range between 6 and 7 hours, are synchronized exclusively with the drop in temperatures after sunset and the physical exertion accumulated during the day, demonstrating that the lack of rest is largely a product of our contemporary lifestyle. Current science, supported by institutions such as the National Sleep Foundation, tells us that there is no universal magic number regarding the hours we need to sleep, but rather that it all depends on our age. In general, a newborn needs between 14 and 17 hours a day for their nervous system to develop. A preschool child, aged 3 to 5, needs between 10 and 13 hours of sleep, while during the school years, between 6 and 13, the brain requires between 9 and 11 hours to consolidate everything it learns. During adolescence, the body still demands between 8 and 10 hours, which explains why teenagers find it so hard to get up early. It is in adulthood, between 18 and 64 years of age, that the biological need stabilizes within a range of 7 to 9 hours, and as we age, from 65 onwards, our brain usually finds 8 to 10 hours sufficient. After hearing these figures, some of you might be thinking, "My baby doesn't even come close to sleeping 14 or 17 hours; they sleep much less, and only about three hours at a time." But from an anthropological point of view, the expectation that a newborn will sleep many hours at a stretch makes no biological sense. Unlike other mammals such as foals or calves that are born ready to walk, humans are born in a state of extreme immaturity. Our babies are fetuses outside the womb. Their stomachs are tiny and they need constant nourishment. Moreover, their circadian rhythm takes months to develop. At first, they don't even distinguish between day and night. In hunter-gatherer tribes, babies slept in constant physical contact with their mother or other caregivers and woke often for brief feedings before returning to sleep feeling protected. Today, we have placed those same Paleolithic babies in solitary cribs, in separate rooms, and in absolute silence, and we become frustrated when they wake up crying. That nighttime crying is not a fault of the baby, nor is it trying to manipulate us. It is its survival instinct. Its biology tells it that if left alone in the dark, a predator might attack. Despite this, sleep training methods that encourage parents to let their babies cry until they are exhausted in order to accustom them to sleeping longer stretches have become popular in recent decades. However, experts in neuroscience and developmental psychology have criticized this practice, considering it a serious mistake. When a baby cries without being comforted, their brain enters a state of panic. And it triggers a spike in cortisol levels, the stress hormone. Medical studies have shown that after several days of applying these methods, children stop crying and fall asleep. Some might say, "Test passed, but at what cost? Their stress levels remain sky-high." In other words, they appear calm on the outside, but inside their nervous system is still on high alert. They haven't learned to manage their emotions. They've suffered from learned helplessness. Their brains have reached the terrible conclusion that asking for help is useless because no one is going to come to their rescue, which in the long run can affect their emotional regulation and the bond of attachment with their parents. The problem isn't babies' sleep, but the artificial and harmful expectations that modern society imposes on families. And since we're talking about protecting children's sleep, it's important to make a point for those of you who have recently become parents. To prevent the dreaded Sudden Infant Death Syndrome (SIDS), the sudden and medically unexplained death of a baby, infants should always sleep on their backs on a firm surface, without pillows or stuffed animals nearby. Studies show that these guidelines reduce the likelihood of SIDS, as they prevent overheating and ensure that the airways remain clear. This is crucial in a species whose babies are born, as we have mentioned, with extreme neurological immaturity . Furthermore, pediatric consensus states that for at least the first six months of life, the safest place for them is their own crib, located in the parents' room. This avoids the dangers of suffocation in an adult bed, while allowing the newborn's primitive brain to calm down by feeling the close breathing and presence of their caregivers. Likewise, feeling the parents' breathing not only soothes the baby but also acts as a kind of biological pacemaker. The sound and breathing rhythm of an adult help the newborn's immature nervous system synchronize its own inhalation and exhalation rhythms, which are still unstable during those first six months. And since we're talking about difficult nights, before addressing other issues, we should pause to consider a universal experience we've all suffered since childhood: nightmares. Why does our brain, instead of letting us rest peacefully after a tiring day, torture us with images of chases, falls, or monsters? For a long time, science considered that bad dreams were caused by stress, a system failure, or indigestion . But Finnish researcher and cognitive psychologist Antibonsuo revolutionized this idea by proposing that nightmares serve a crucial evolutionary survival purpose . He dubbed this the threat simulation theory. According to Rebonsuo, nightmares act as a kind of virtual reality simulator that we've had since the dawn of humanity. In that period, reacting quickly to a lion attack or the threat of a rival tribe meant the difference between life and death. To ensure our survival, the brain took advantage of REM sleep, the time when we dream vividly and our muscles are paralyzed, to recreate high-risk scenarios in the safe environment of our beds. Through nightmares, the human brain forced us to rehearse escapes, detect threats, and practice defensive motor responses. This way, if a real danger crossed our path the next day, our neural networks had already trained us to flee. Today, it's rare that we have to flee a predator on the savanna, but our brain still uses this old nocturnal simulator to process our modern anxieties, forcing us to deal with stress to prepare us for real-world problems. Understanding that nightmares are essentially a survival rehearsal helps us see them differently. We know they occur mainly during REM sleep, which is when we normally... We wake up. So when we open our eyes, it's easier to remember the fear and the threat. But what happens when the brain short-circuits? The fear leaves the world of dreams, and the person seems awake and terrified, but in reality, they remember nothing the next day. This is where we enter a phenomenon that often worries parents: night terrors. We often lump them together with nightmares, but neurologically, they are very different scenarios. Nightmares, as we've said, usually occur during REM sleep, the stage in which we have the most vivid dreams. If a child or an adult has a nightmare, they wake up scared, recognize you instantly, and the next morning are able to remember the monster that was chasing them. Night terrors, on the other hand, are a system failure in our brain. They occur during slow-wave sleep, the deepest phase, which usually happens in the first third of the night. What happens is that there is a partial awakening. The motor and autonomic nervous systems are suddenly activated, triggering the primitive fight-or-flight response. The person may sit up in bed, scream, sweat, and have their eyes wide open. They appear to be in a state of panic, but therein lies the great mystery. Their conscious brain remains asleep. The one screaming is not the rational child, but their amygdala. That's why, during a night terror, the child doesn't recognize you , and trying to reason with them is useless. In fact, if you try to hug them, they will likely struggle even more. And, most astonishingly, the next morning they won't remember a thing. What causes these episodes? Science indicates that they result from an immaturity of the central nervous system in transitioning between the different stages of sleep. This is why they are so common in childhood and tend to disappear in adolescence. They are often caused by accumulated sleep deprivation, fever, or spikes in stress, although they seem like something out of a horror movie and are distressing for anyone who witnesses them. Clinically, they are generally harmless. The medical recommendation is clear: never try to wake the person by force. Simply ensure the environment is safe so they don't bump into anything, remain calm, and wait a few minutes for the brain to reconnect and return to deep sleep. Not only children can experience them, but also teenagers and adults. In these cases, the main triggers are severe sleep deprivation , sustained stress, a strong hereditary genetic component, alcohol consumption that disrupts the sleep-wake cycle, or even respiratory disorders that fragment the night, such as sleep apnea. When the brain reaches bed exhausted or stressed, the biological pressure of falling into deep sleep is so great that any stimulus triggers that incomplete and uncontrolled awakening. After discussing nightmares and night terrors, another mystery arises, one that occurs right on the border between wakefulness and rest. Surely you have asked yourself this question at some point, or know someone who has. that she asked herself in anguish. What are those shadows I see in the room when I fall asleep? Science calls this phenomenon hypnagogic hallucinations if they occur while falling asleep or hypnopompic hallucinations if they happen upon waking. Often, this state is accompanied by an even more terrifying experience: sleep paralysis. During this transition period, our brain suffers a synchronization mismatch. The muscle paralysis typical of REM sleep, designed by evolution to prevent us from acting out our dreams and injuring ourselves , is activated or persists while our conscious brain is already awake. The result is that the person has their eyes open, but cannot move a single muscle , and their brain begins to mix dream images with the perception of the real world. Clinical studies have documented that during these episodes we usually experience two main types of hallucinations. The first is the intrusive type, The first type involves feeling a malevolent presence lurking around the corner or at the foot of the bed. The second is the incubus type, which manifests as a suffocating pressure on the chest, as if someone or something were sitting on top of us, preventing us from breathing. Unable to move or speak, the amygdala triggers an instinctive panic. Throughout the centuries, this phenomenon has given rise to countless myths in all cultures. For example, there's the story of the old witch who steals your breath or the modern Hatman, the man in the hat, while other beliefs attribute it to demons or invading spirits. However, there's nothing paranormal about them. It's just your gray matter projecting ancestral survival fears while your muscles remain in pause mode. There's another phenomenon that defies all logic and has fueled myths for centuries. Can you guess what we're going to talk about next? Sleepwalking. The activation of a body without an owner occurs during the deepest stages of sleep, the non-REM phase. In this state, a dissociation takes place. The cerebral cortex responsible for conscious thought and memory remains disconnected, but the motor system is activated. The result is an automaton capable of walking, opening doors, moving furniture, or even leaving the house. Although they walk with their eyes open, they don't process information in the same way. Their brain activates the visual and motor areas necessary to avoid a table or open a doorknob. But the recognition areas, the ones that would tell them that the person in front of them is their mother and not a shadow, are switched off. They see the world as a physical obstacle, not as a meaningful reality. And why are they able to move? Unlike what happens in sleep paralysis, here the muscle switch hasn't been turned off. It's not that the sleepwalker is doing in real life what they are dreaming, since in this deep phase there is hardly any dream activity, but rather that their brain is trapped in a biological limbo. To understand sleepwalking, we should imagine the brain as a house with many rooms. As we sleep, we turn off the lights in each room. In a brain with standard functioning, when we enter deep sleep, the lights for voluntary movement and consciousness turn off in the first few hours of the night. However, in a sleepwalker, the movement switch remains on or is accidentally activated, while the room of consciousness, the prefrontal cortex, remains dark. It's an intrusion of wakefulness into deep sleep. What causes sleepwalking? There isn't just one, but a combination of factors that push the brain into this state. Genetics is the most powerful factor. If both parents are sleepwalkers, their child has a 60% chance of being one as well. A predisposition to experience partial awakenings from non-REM sleep is inherited . Another important factor is sleep deprivation. The less we sleep, the deeper our recovery sleep is the next day. This dense sleep is the ideal breeding ground for sleep failure, causing the body to wake up without the mind even noticing. This phenomenon has a technical explanation: slow-wave sleep rebound. When we accumulate sleep debt, our brain tries to recover it by increasing the intensity and depth of non-REM sleep the following night. The denser and heavier this recovery sleep is, the harder it is for the brain to manage a smooth transition back to wakefulness, making it easier for the sleep-wake switch to flip while the rest of the house remains dark. Stress and fever can also cause sleepwalking because both conditions increase sleep fragmentation. Fever, in particular, alters brain chemistry in a way that facilitates these episodes, especially in children. And finally, we have to consider brain immaturity as a cause. This is why it's so common in childhood, affecting about 15% of children. Their sleep control systems are still developing, and it's normal for the switch to malfunction until the brain matures. If sleepwalking appears suddenly in adulthood without any history in childhood, it is a warning sign that should not be ignored. Sleepwalking can be a symptom of something disrupting deep sleep. For example, undiagnosed sleep apnea or a side effect of certain medications. In older adults, these episodes are often precursors to neurodegenerative disorders, so visiting a sleep clinic is highly recommended to try to determine the cause . Can sleepwalking be cured? In most cases, especially in children, it disappears on its own with age. It's not an illness, but a parasomnia, meaning an unwanted event that occurs during sleep. In any case, there are ways to manage it, and the best approach is sleep hygiene. Maintaining strict schedules and getting enough sleep significantly reduces episodes. In chronic cases, it's recommended to observe when the episode usually occurs and wake the person about 15 minutes earlier to break the deep sleep cycle and restart it. It's also recommended to install safety locks, remove sharp objects from the floor, or put up safety gates on stairs to ensure the sleepwalker's safety. Only in very serious cases, where the sleepwalker is in real danger or suffers violent episodes, can doctors prescribe low doses of benzodiazepines to suppress the deepest sleep phases where the phenomenon occurs. You've probably heard a thousand times that waking a sleepwalker is dangerous, that it could cause a heart attack or put them in a coma, but that's not true. What happens is that, being in such a deep sleep, if you wake them at that moment, they will feel disoriented, frightened, and could react aggressively out of pure instinct for self-defense. Therefore, the medical recommendation is neither to wake them nor to let them wander, as they could fall or hurt themselves, but rather to guide them gently back to bed. During this journey, you should speak softly in a low tone, using very short words like, "Come, follow me," or "Let's go." It would only be necessary to wake them if they are about to put themselves in real danger. Let's talk now about one of the most deeply rooted and debated customs in places like Spain and much of Latin America. Is the siesta an act of laziness or a biological necessity? This practice has often been stigmatized as a sign of indolence, but etymology and biology agree that it has a strong justification. History tells us that the term itself comes from the Latin phrase "hora sexta." In the Roman Empire's system of dividing time, the daylight period was segmented into 12 hours. The sixth hour corresponded to solar noon. At that moment, workers would interrupt their labors to escape the extreme heat, regain their strength, and avoid heatstroke. This custom took deep root in the Iberian Peninsula. Well, modern science has shown that the Romans were right when they decided to take a siesta for reasons that go beyond sociology. Chronobiology demonstrates that the siesta responds to our body's needs. Human circadian rhythms dictate that between 7 and 8 hours after waking up, our bodies experience a physiological drop in core temperature. This decrease is accompanied by a reduction in alertness and concentration. And pay attention to this because it's a fact that often causes confusion. This energy dip occurs regardless of the amount of food ingested; that is, it's not just the result of heavy digestion. We are programmed to seek a brief daytime rest. Perhaps some of you are wondering, "So why is it that when I've taken a 2-hour nap I usually wake up grumpy, disoriented, and feeling like I don't even know what year it is?" In a short nap, we remain in the light sleep phases, so our body is relaxed, but it's easy to wake up. In contrast, if we sleep for 2 hours, our brain has time to enter the slow-wave sleep phase, the deepest of all. If the alarm clock rings right at that point of no return, we experience a clinical phenomenon called sleep inertia. The brain needs time to reactivate all its cortical areas. And this forced awakening causes irritability, motor clumsiness, and confusion. That's why sometimes sleeping in at odd hours is worse than not sleeping at all. Sleep medicine specialists emphasize that a brief rest of about 20 to 30 minutes during this circadian window is enough to mitigate stress, enhance memory consolidation, and improve mood. All this without inducing that groggy feeling caused by excessive rest. Therefore, remember, the siesta is not a sign of cultural laziness. It is an intelligent adaptation to our own internal rhythms that today's long working hours try to suppress, committing yet another assault against our nature. At this point, the question is, what happens inside us when we finally manage to fall into a deep sleep? And why is it so vital to protect that moment? In recent years, between 2024 and 2026, advances in neuroscience have shed light on a striking biological process: the lymphatic system. This network of channels was discovered by Danish neuroscientist Mike Nethergar and is our brain's cleaning service. During the day, the intense activity of our neurons generates waste products such as beta-amyloid and tau proteins, which are associated with neurodegenerative diseases like Alzheimer's. When we enter the slow-wave sleep phase, the glial cells in the human brain shrink at a microscopic level, causing the space between them to expand by up to 60%. This contraction allows cerebrospinal fluid to flow like a tide through channels called aquaporin 4, washing the brain tissue and carrying toxins to the lymphatic system for final elimination by the liver. But what happens to your body if you don't get enough sleep? It's not just about having dark circles under your eyes or yawning at the office. At a physiological level, sleep deprivation is devastating for your body. Neuroscientist Matthew Walker has shown that without rest, the amygdala becomes up to 60% more reactive. This means we become irritable, impulsive, and lose the ability to regulate stress. Furthermore, in the long term, insufficient sleep prevents our brain from detoxifying, leading to an accumulation of metabolic waste that impairs our cognitive abilities. Added to this is hormonal chaos. If you don't sleep enough, your body reduces the production of leptin, the hormone that makes you feel full, and spikes levels of ghrelin, the hunger hormone. The result is that your primitive brain, feeling exhausted, goes into panic mode and drives you to seek quick energy, triggering uncontrollable cravings for sugars and carbohydrates. Lack of sleep is, in fact, one of the biggest risk factors for obesity in modern societies. And if we're talking about obstacles that prevent the deep brainwashing we mentioned, we have to mention an enemy that many doctors call the silent killer. Have you noticed that someone in your family sometimes snores and seems to run out of breath at certain times? This is due to a disorder called obstructive sleep apnea. This disorder occurs due to various factors, including obesity, anatomical factors such as enlarged tonsils or adenoids , and excessive muscle relaxation. The latter happens when the throat muscles relax too much during sleep, and the tissues collapse, blocking the passage of air to the lungs. In obstructive sleep apnea, the brain, upon detecting a lack of oxygen, panics and triggers micro-awakenings to force breathing. This can happen dozens of times an hour without the person being aware of it. The result is not only extreme fatigue the next day. In the long term, this continuous lack of oxygen increases the risk of developing hypertension, heart attacks, and strokes. Furthermore, by fragmenting sleep and preventing us from entering the slow-wave phase, apnea paralyzes the lymphatic system, and without nighttime cleansing, toxins accumulate and the risk of developing, for example, Alzheimer's disease increases. By the way, we know that something called mouth taping has become fashionable. It involves placing a small adhesive strip over the lips before sleeping to encourage nasal breathing. Although breathing through the nose is important, scientists warn that this technique can be dangerous if you suffer from undiagnosed sleep apnea, as it prevents your body from reacting to a lack of oxygen. It's best to consult an ear, nose, and throat (ENT) specialist. As we mentioned earlier, since the Industrial Revolution, we live in a society that never turns off the lights, so that currently around 20% of the working population in developed countries works rotating or night shifts. This is a large-scale biological experiment that science is analyzing with growing concern. Sleep medicine defines this phenomenon as a severe chronodisruption. By working when the body expects rest and eating when the body should be fasting, we cause a profound desynchronization between our central clock located in the brain and the peripheral clocks of our organs. Recent research shows that glucose metabolism becomes inefficient outside of daylight hours, significantly increasing the risk of developing type 2 diabetes and obesity. But there's something even more invisible and dangerous. The lymphatic system, that brain cleaning brigade we just discussed, doesn't function as effectively during daytime sleep. Night shift workers' rest is usually shorter and more fragmented, preventing the complete elimination of toxic waste from the brain. This has been linked to a more accelerated cognitive decline and a higher risk of developing neurodegenerative diseases in the long term. Fortunately, science also offers solutions to mitigate the damage. It has been shown that the impact is much less if shift rotation follows a clockwise direction, that is, going from morning to afternoon and from afternoon to night. This is because our circadian rhythm has a natural tendency to shift back. The body finds it much easier to adapt to going to bed later than to trying to sleep several hours earlier than usual. And even if your job isn't night shift or involves shifts, those of you who work daytime jobs from Monday to Friday aren't immune to sleep problems either. Because, let's face it, who has ever asked us this question? If I only sleep five hours during the week because of work, can I make up for lost sleep by sleeping in for 12 hours on Saturday and Sunday? The answer is no. Rest doesn't work like a bank account. You can't accumulate sleep debt and pay it off on the weekend. When we drastically alter our schedules on Saturdays and Sundays compared to our weekday routine, we cause what experts call social jet lag. Our brains become disoriented as if we've traveled to another continent, and falling asleep on Sunday night becomes impossible, perpetuating the cycle of exhaustion. The metabolic and cognitive damage from sleeping too little from Monday to Friday is already done and can't be erased by a lazy morning. In fact, science has just issued a very serious warning about irregular bedtimes. A study conducted by the University of Oulu in Finland and published in March 2016 in the journal BMC Cardiovascular Disorders concluded that constantly changing our bedtime and getting less than eight hours of sleep doubles our risk of suffering a heart attack or stroke compared to those who maintain a consistent daily routine. According to this study, which followed more than 3,000 adults for a decade, our cardiovascular system needs this routine. By going to bed at different times each night, we disrupt our circadian rhythm. This imbalance prevents the heart from having the rest and recovery periods it needs, subjecting it to continuous stress. Given this evolutionary context, the big question many of you are probably asking is, What if I suffer from chronic insomnia or think I have sleep apnea? Can my problem be fixed? Before discussing therapies, it's important to know that if you're not sleeping well, the first step should never be to look for home remedies online or self-medicate. The main action is to seek professional help, and the starting point for achieving this, accessible to almost everyone, is to make an appointment with your primary care physician or family doctor. This professional is key to conducting an initial evaluation, ruling out other illnesses, and referring you to the appropriate specialist: a pulmonologist, neurologist, ENT specialist, or neurophysiologist. And you'll likely end up in a sleep unit. In these hospital departments, doctors and experts in sleep disorders will be able to conduct a thorough study to rule out physical problems and develop a treatment plan. By the way, once you're in the office of these professionals, the first thing we must dispel is the idea that the solution always involves taking a pill to force the brain to surrender. Research from 2025, led by scientist Natalie Haugl, has issued a warning. The use of common sleeping pills like zolpidem can reduce the effectiveness of the brain's lymphatic system, its natural cleaning mechanism, by 30%. This means that drug-induced sleep doesn't always equate to restorative rest at the cellular level. They switch you off, yes, but they don't allow you to truly rest. Clinical science from 2026, supported by institutions like the American Academy of Sleep Medicine, explains that the first- line treatment shouldn't be a pill, but rather cognitive behavioral therapy for insomnia, known as ICBT. They claim it's effective in 70 to 80% of cases, outperforming any medication in the long run. We're not talking about the typical basic advice like drinking a glass of milk or not having coffee in the afternoon. ICBT is neurobiological training that reconfigures your brain's connections. It's based on two main pillars. The first involves stimulus control. The goal is to break the toxic association your brain has created between your bed and the anxiety of not sleeping. The rule is strict. If you've been tossing and turning for 20 minutes, you must get up, leave the room, and engage in a relaxing activity in dim light until sleep overcomes you. Of course, no screens. We'll explain why later. It's very common to put televisions in bedrooms these days, but the bed should once again be a sanctuary exclusively for rest. Your brain needs to understand that this piece of furniture is synonymous with peace and tranquility. The second pillar of IBT is sleep restriction. It sounds contradictory, doesn't it? But the best way to cure insomnia is to spend less time in bed. By restricting the hours you spend lying down, you increase your biological sleep pressure. This consolidates your rest immediately, eliminating awakenings in the middle of the night, and little by little, guided by a therapist, you expand that window of sleep. Until very recently, the lack of specialized therapists posed a nearly insurmountable barrier to accessing these types of treatments. However, technology has helped democratize them in many places. In 2025, agencies like the US FDA approved digital TCCI platforms such as the Sleepy X program. Clinical trials have shown that these digital therapies reduce the time needed to fall asleep by 55%. And what about medicine? When behavioral therapy needs reinforcement, if the expert deems it appropriate, medications that have made an evolutionary leap in this field can be used. Aggressive sedatives like benzodiazepines are a thing of the past. These classic drugs work by enhancing an inhibitory neurotransmitter called GABA, which indiscriminately shuts down the brain. This artificial shutdown disrupts the natural architecture of rest and, as we saw earlier, blocks the lymphatic system, promoting the accumulation of brain waste. The major medical advance today, according to experts, is the so-called oroxine receptor antagonists, with innovative active ingredients such as lemborexant. Laurexine It's a neurotransmitter in our brain responsible for keeping us alert. Instead of drastically sedating the entire nervous system, these new drugs work by blocking this wakefulness switch. By turning off the alert signal, they allow natural sleep to flow on its own, without disrupting the deep sleep stages and without causing that chemical hangover or sluggishness the next morning. However, remember that all medications can have side effects. Knowing all this, how can we apply the wisdom of our ancestors and modern science? To improve our rest. We're going to give you eight practical tips based on modern chronobiology that can help you sleep better. First, restrict the use of your bed exclusively to sleep and intimacy. No laptops, answering emails, or looking at your phone once you're in bed. In fact, doctors recommend cutting off digital devices two hours before bedtime. We need darkness, and the blue light from screens tricks your brain and reduces melatonin production. By avoiding these habits, we prevent the brain from associating that place of rest with cognitive alertness, work stress, or bright light. We need to recapture the darkness of our Paleolithic ancestors to resynchronize our circadian rhythm. Second, try to go to bed at roughly the same time every day. This will help regulate your biological clock. Third, regular exercise is a great way to promote rest, but it's crucial to know when it helps us sleep and when it hinders us. Experts recommend avoiding vigorous exercise at least two or three hours before bedtime. The reason is that intense exertion triggers cortisol and raises internal temperature just when the brain needs it to start lowering to initiate sleep. Fourth, pay attention to the ambient temperature. Our brain needs the room to be cool, around 18 degrees Celsius. Why? Throughout our species' history, sunset has always been accompanied by a significant drop in temperature. Our primitive brain learned to use that nighttime chill as an unmistakable signal to secrete melatonin and shut down the body. That's why, to begin resting, your core body temperature needs to drop by about 1 degree Celsius. If the room is too warm, the body is unable to release its own heat, directly blocking access to the deep sleep phases, which is what happens to us in summer. Scientific consensus establishes that the ideal environment should be cool, around 18 degrees Celsius. Fifth, to help with this slight core hypothermia necessary for deep sleep, we must consider our diet. Hunter-gatherer tribes ate their main meal before sunset. Eat dinner at least two hours before bedtime. This ensures that your body's resources are concentrated on tissue repair and brain function, rather than on heavy digestion that raises the core body temperature and prevents the brain from truly switching off. Sixth, be mindful of stimulants. Caffeine has a half-life of about 6 hours, which means that after-lunch coffee can still be in your system at 10 p.m., blocking your adenosine receptors. It's recommended to avoid it at least 8 to 10 hours before bed, and above all, avoid alcohol. Although it might help you fall asleep quickly because it's a sedative, it actually fragments sleep, blocks the REM phase, and dehydrates the body, leaving you tired when you wake up. Seventh. If you ever wake up at 3 a.m. and can't fall back asleep immediately, try not to let anxiety get the better of you. Think of it as that ancestral "wake-up call" we talked about earlier. Instead of tossing and turning in frustration and spiking your cortisol, get up. Do a relaxing activity in dim light, no screens, and wait for sleep to return on its own. And the last, eighth piece of advice isn't for the night, but for waking up. We need to expose ourselves to sunlight for at least 30 minutes first thing in the morning. This acts as a trigger. This resets our circadian clock and abruptly halts the production of residual melatonin, signaling to the brain that the day has begun. One last piece of advice: don't become obsessed with the data provided by your smartwatches, which can tell you how well you sleep each night. There's a phenomenon called orthosomnia, which is the stress caused by trying to achieve the perfect sleep score. But sleep isn't a competition; it's a natural process that flows better when we stop trying to control it down to the last detail. Furthermore, while smartwatches are more or less reliable tools for monitoring sleep and wake times, they have limited accuracy, often with a 20 to 50% error rate in precisely distinguishing between deep and REM sleep stages. This is because they work by inferring data from movement and heart rate, not from actual brain activity, so they cannot replace a medical study in a sleep unit. As we've seen throughout history, sleep has shaped who we are. From those nights under the warmth of a fire on the savanna, through medieval shared beds, to the current insomnia epidemic, humankind has never stopped searching for ways to rest peacefully. Perhaps to sleep better in the future, we only need to look to our past and reconnect with the biology written in our genes. And you, what has caught your attention the most from everything we've discussed? I'd love for you to tell us in the comments below. And if you want to discover more interesting stories, subscribe to our channel and turn on notifications. By the way, if you're curious to know why humans have different skin colors, don't miss this other documentary. Thank you so much for being here, curious minds. See you in the next one!

  Top Comments:
  1. @raqueldelamorenaoficial [103 likes]: ¿Y vosotros? ¿Qué tal dormís? Nos encantará leer vuestros comentarios. Y si os ha gustado este vídeo, no os perdáis este otro sobre el verdadero motivo por el que los humanos tenemos distintos colores de piel: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yHK3_whlslQ&list=PLD6lbSkRXZGXjAy3gF2NsJHMWsRrfrktt&index=10
  2. @sabrox_1983 [1 likes]: Maravilloso e interesante video, como siempre. Gracias por tanto! Abrazo para ambos!
  3. @MarianaIsazaSoprano [1 likes]: ¡¡¡MARAVILLOSO!!!  Todo el mundo debería ver este video. Gracias @raqueldelamorena por tus videos, tus investigaciones arduas y tus claras explicaciones... Es un gusto escucharte. Larga vida a este canal❤❤❤
  4. @xicotencatlg7020: 36:20 Si son 😂😂😂
  5. @manuarasike9478: Impresionante programa.
  6. @joserosales4761: Me ha pasado la paralisis del sueño..., han sido experiencias desagradables..., por suerte dejaron de pasarme...
  7. @jackelineperez8393: Osea que suprimimos la creatividad nocturna para cumplir las expectativas de la vida laboral? Y dicen que no ahí control y no estamos manipulados, nuestra realidad es una invención de las grandes corporaciones que ganan dinero en base a nuestra vida y esfuerzo, tus videos me habrén la mente gracias!!!!!! Tu información vale oro
  8. @robertocasanova-u1k: Muchas gracias.
  9. @idelgadilloh: Hola! Sería posible que realizaran un video explicando la fibromialgia?  Saludos!
  10. @Emenut: (36:00) aprox: Normas modernas sobre individuos ancestrales. Una formulación muy interesante que pone de manifiesto la violencia a la que nos sometemos! Ambas partes: la social y la individual, herencias dificiles de coordinar
  11. @iddoia: Qué interesante! Había muchas cosas que no conocía. Me consuela lo del sueño partido y que hay gente nocturna y diurna para vigilar, jeje. 
Y como siempre un pakcer escucharte y seguir el vídeo, enhorabuena por vuestro trabajo
  12. @marcostovar7968: Grandes relatos. Saludos desde Colombia
  13. @MarceloMelo-i1p: Aca en las cama de 1800 eran de cuero   un catre  un marco de nadera y cuero
  14. @dianayasminllamoccaciriaco9768: Me encantan sus vídeos! 🥹
  15. @davidmedina811: Amo tus videos! Saludos desde Honduras
  16. @Alessan-J14: Como siempre y como decis vosotros: "Sois la hostia"
Me encanta la forma como cada vez se inclinan en mostrar sus temas con neutralidad, como testigos obminicentes. Con una nutrida informacion permitiendo que cada quien juzgue y valore.
Y eso habre la puerta a la libertad de interpretación, según cada quien. Pero al final LIBERTAD.

PD.
1:13:58 
Pero a mi juicio mucho ojo, el medico siempre busca enfermedades, lo primero es que tu revises tus emociones, orden y  habitos. Porque sin esa valoración el medico es el que en vez de ayudarte sera el que más te desorienta, pues ellos buscan siempre que los sintomas entren en un patron de diagnostico.

Otra observacion, el ser humano se a vuelto muy cobarde, porque le han convencido de que vive en un modelo social perefecto. Y lo que padece es por su estupidez  por no adaptarse al sistema...... a todo esto os invito a que evaluemos la obra de Aldus Xuixley, Un mundo feliz.
  17. @silly0360two: Amo este canal
  18. @davidleiva1347: Sos excelente. Gracias por tu trabajo.
  19. @vhac3216: Todo bien, pero al café ni me lo toquen, al menos a mi me puedo tomar una taza de café recién molido y hecho después de la cena a las 8 de la noche, y a las 10 estoy dormido como una piedra.
  20. @larulafarias7629: En Mexico o por lo menos en el norte en Nuevo León, cuando alguien fallece se usa la expresión “ se petateo” , saludos!

- Comment Trump a HUMILIÉ le monde arabe: Kind: captions Language: en He didn't think he was going to lick my buttocks. I think that's the craziest speech I've ever heard from Donald Trump. In a speech broadcast on television worldwide, he insulted Saudi Arabia's Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman. Mohammed bin Salman, also known as MBS, is the leader of Saudi Arabia, and Saudi Arabia is one of the top financial investors in the United States of America. A short time ago, a man we just talked about, the king, the future king of Saudi Arabia. And I also like the King of Saudi Arabia, his father. What a man he is! When I was there, we formed real bonds. He grabbed my arm and lifted me up. He was a bit fragile back then, and it was a long time ago, but he's still doing well. And he grabbed me to pull me up while I was sitting next to him, and I was told it was the first time he had ever grabbed someone. He was grabbing me all the time and I said I think he likes me. He liked me. He still loves me. He's a wonderful man. I say hello to him. He's a great guy with a great son. But recently, I was with MBS and he looked at me and said, "You know, it's incredible. A year ago, you were a dead country. Now, you are the strongest country in the world." He didn't think it would happen. He didn't think he was going to lick my buttocks. He thought he would be fair to another American president, another loser in a country in decline. But now he has to be nice to me. Tell him, he'd better be nice to me. That's better. And at first, I thought to myself, no, it must be an AI, an artificial intelligence. He could never have said that to Donald Trump. And yet, the speech was real. And at that moment, I thought to myself, "Wait, Aziz, put yourself in the crown prince's shoes. How would you feel? First of all, humiliation, but the ultimate international humiliation. Why? Because first, I'm being insulted, then I can't respond. Despite being one of the richest countries in the world, I'm facing the most powerful country in the world. And then there's a third level of humiliation that's much more violent, to understand the ultimate humiliation that all Arab countries suffer . You see, beyond this ludicrous speech, you see, which comes from another time and place , he didn't think he was going to kiss my ass. The next day, Donald Trump released another tweet where he attacked Kuwait. I thought there were men in Kuwait, but in the end, the United States had to let Iraq invade them. These men are no good, they don't They're not strong. When you combine these two speeches, the attack against Saudi Arabia and the attack against the Gulf, well, there's a whiff of humiliation, but there's also a whiff of threat, a mafia threat. But now, he has to be nice to me. Tell him, he'd better be nice to me. He'd better. And in reality, where we reach the peak of humiliation, to dizzying degrees, is that in May 2025, Donald Trump made one of his first official trips as the new President of the United States to the Gulf countries. When he arrived in Saudi Arabia, he was received like a king. He was pampered. Never before had another American president received such a welcome in Saudi Arabia. And on top of that, he was given a fantastic gift: economic agreements worth around $600 billion in investment. $ 600 billion Dollars, that's 600 billion dollars. There are so many zeros. We can't even grasp what it is. Let's just imagine it. Then, Donald Trump went to Qatar, and in Qatar, he received a fantastic gift: a new plane, a Boeing worth around 400 million dollars. But that's not all. That was just, you see, the beginning. Qatar signed economic agreements with the United States worth around 1.2 trillion dollars. So, what is 1.2 trillion dollars? It's 1.2 million billion dollars, I mean, unimaginable. Then, Donald Trump went to the United Arab Emirates, and there, they signed agreements worth 1.4 trillion dollars, which is very high. These are figures we ca n't even imagine And yet, when the war in Iran broke out , Donald Trump offered his full protection. To Israel. Israel doesn't invest much money in the United States; it's actually the opposite. The United States gives a lot of money to Israel. And the Arab countries were left without the umbrella of American protection despite all their investments. And for me, that's the ultimate humiliation. I gave you so much in the eyes of the world. I gave you a great deal . I gave you so quickly. And yet, you didn't protect me when we were attacked. And secondly, you insulted me. And finally, you threatened me. And in reality, these three elements reveal a lesson that you must apply to your life starting today. Paradoxically, it's perhaps one of the craziest speeches in the history of geopolitics, but at the same time, it's one of the most beautiful. Why? Because it teaches us a real life lesson. You see, the Arab countries gave too much, too quickly. That's where their mistake lay. Fatal, monumental. Let's take as an example what I call mismatched couples. You've surely experienced this or seen it? A couple where one person is less attractive than the other, less handsome, less charismatic, you know, older, and the other person is much more beautiful, more charismatic, they exude something, they have elegance, you know. Take the case of a rather old and unattractive man , short and frail, and the case of a supermodel, a bombshell. Wow! But it can go both ways. Man, woman, woman, man. But let's take the case of man and woman. Well, you see very often in this kind of couple, the man showers the beautiful young woman with gifts Money, a car, a house, everything she wants. And yet in this type of relationship, you feel that one of them is madly in love with the other, but that the other doesn't have the same emotional intensity and that The day the other person stops giving, the relationship ends. And in reality, the psychological mechanism at play in the minds of these two individuals is that the old, unattractive man is asking himself, " Why is he giving? Why is he expecting generosity from the other person?" It's not just love, no, it's vulnerability. When he gives so much money, when he buys so many cars, so many houses, it's because he feels vulnerable, because he lacks self-confidence, because he tells himself he's not good enough for the person he's with. And so all these gifts are a kind of debt. It's a way to buy the other person's loyalty, fidelity, and love. But the other person, on the other hand, psychologically, knows perfectly well that it's him who needs it, it's him who's in love, it's him who's being taken advantage of. in the pocket. And so she has the power. If she decides to leave, she knows very well that he will run after her. Why? Because he loves her, because he doesn't want her to leave him, because he values this relationship emotionally. And that's exactly what's happening between Donald Trump and the Arab countries. When the Arab countries give a lot of gifts very quickly to Donald Trump, Donald Trump doesn't think, "Ah, these people really love me." These people are my friends. "I'm really going to protect them with all my heart." No. Donald Trump, he senses that these people are in need. He senses their vulnerability and he thinks to himself, "These people, I've got them in my pocket." Their gifts are not a sign of love for me. Their gifts are a sign of weakness. I am above them. They are not equal." And so, when they don't go my way , when they don't give me what I want, I can allow myself to insult them, to humiliate them in front of the world because they are the ones who need me. They proved it to me through their generosity. And you see, that's a universal lesson we'll all experience or have already experienced. And by the way, this kind of relationship is disproportionate, unbalanced because one person gives, one person is truly in need, and the other isn't. Whereas the function of a gift, the symbolism of a gift, isn't to buy the other person, to buy their loyalty, to buy their love, to buy their fidelity. That's not the symbolism of a gift. The true symbolism of a gift is to demonstrate the respect you have for the other person. Which is why every gift must be well-balanced, well-proportioned. Never too much, but never too little either. Plus. The right balance. And when you give someone a gift that strikes the right balance, that's when you earn their respect because your gift isn't a signal saying, "I need you, protect me, love me." No. A balanced gift says, "I respect you." I appreciate you just the way you are, and I hope you can return that respect, and when you understand that, you'll achieve the impossible." But the impossible, only you can do it. Only you . This whole journey we've taken into geopolitics, psychology, and so on reminds me of a song, Jacques Brel's "Ne me quitte pas" (Don't Leave Me). You see, this song is the pure, chemically pure illustration of everything we've talked about. Don't leave me. Don't leave me. In that "don't leave me," we feel it. Stay with me, I need you. not knowing the person Jacques Brel mentions in the song, we clearly sense that this person doesn't love Jacques Brel. We clearly sense that this person has power. And in fact, that's the mistake we make. We give power to others. But our real power isn't about crushing others by saying "You see, I kept my power." No. Our true power lies in being able to remain true to ourselves and to be respected by others for who we are. That's why I want you to write "respect" in the comments. I repeat, respect. If I ask you to write "respect" in the comments, it's so that you remember this for the rest of your life, so that it's engraved in your heart. Respect isn't earned by showing your weaknesses, by exposing your vulnerability. Respect is earned by respecting yourself first. And when you give someone a gift, you never give a gift to submit. You give a gift to demonstrate the respect you have for them, and nothing else. So write "respect" in the comments . Oh.

  Top Comments:
  1. @IkramMoibi-c2b: Respect
  2. @ibrahimfadiga5174: RESPECT
  3. @henridanielmonthe2225: Merci !
  4. @daniellefollenius: RESPECT
  5. @MamadouBoyeBalde-u4r: Respect avant tout
  6. @SaturninMoranga: Respect !!!
  7. @haidaracheicktidiane5546: Respect
  8. @mouloudji007: bonjour   A   H5  merci pour vos analyse      je me demande  se Trump si vraiment humain??????   personnellement  je juge les arabes étaient trop naïfs et lâche
  9. @cyniqueetsérieux: Si Hamas et Hizbollah faisaient à l'Arabie Saoudite ce qu'ils ont faits à Israël. Hamas et Hizbollah  seraient rasés et anéantis mondialement. Sans interférence de l'ONU, sans courts internationales sans attentions des média de gauche.
  10. @baraka094: MBS kiss my ass
  11. @haulietmamicykouassi4533: Respect
  12. @Noa.arr3: Respect
  13. @zoramohri6008: Il s'umilie lui même il umili pas le monde tous savent qu il est fou il est toujour au pouvoir arrogant esperant qu il crevera ce.fouuuuuuuu
  14. @jean-bernardlafare9159: Respect
  15. @hammoudiwarda420: Donald Trump a compris com bien  ils étaient lâches alors pour une fois je lui donne raison ...
  16. @BouaTraoré-f2q: Respect
  17. @oumoudiallo9833: Respect
  18. @OlivierKalema: Respect
  19. @saladinelayoubi76: 😂
  20. @oumarndiaye9548: Respect 🎉