- How to CRUSH Facebook Ads with a Small Budget in 2026: Kind: captions Language: en If you think you need hundreds of thousands of dollars to succeed with Facebook ads, I've got good news for you. You absolutely can succeed with a small Facebook ads budget, and in this video, I'm going to show you how. So, let's start by quickly defining what a small Facebook ads budget actually is. So, I would classify a small Facebook ads budget as anything less than $3,000 per month, so $100 or so per day. And I totally get that for a lot of people watching that, they would be like, "That's a small Facebook ads budget. I can't spend that or anywhere near it." I totally get that. I understand. I started my business with no money. I couldn't have spent anywhere near that. I started working with clients that So, I know for a lot of people that would not seem small, but when you've had the experience that I've had running campaigns with as little as $100 a month right at the beginning, all the way up to clients that were spending multiple millions per month, $3,000 or less seems like a good line to draw and a good classification because there are things that need to change in terms of your strategy and how you're approaching things. Things that we're going to go through in this video if you are spending less than that. Within a small budget, I classify a tiny Facebook ads budget as $600 per month or less, so $20 or less per day, which is also where a lot of businesses start. I certainly started in the tiny budget category, upgraded to small budgets, and we've gone on to to much larger things since. But, the important thing to know is that you can succeed with a small or a tiny budget, but there are changes you need to make. You need to do things differently than what might be the default way of doing things and conventional strategy that you may well have seen. So, let's uh let's run through those now. Starting with the first point, which is don't helicopter parent your ad campaigns. So, a lot of you will already be familiar with this, but Meta ads, when you create a new campaign or a new ad set or make an adjustment to a campaign ad set, will go through the learning phase. Now, during the learning phase, Meta is going through really fast iterations of tests to try and get you the the result. So, if you set up your campaign for sales, for example, Meta's going to test who within your target audience should actually see your ads to get you the best results. And some of those tests might go really well, you get great results, and some of those tests might go really poorly, and you get terrible results. They're going to test what should ad impression frequency look like. Should we do lots of ad impressions to each individual user in a short time period, or should we space out those ad impressions? Which of the ads within your ad set should we put in front of people? Which placement options perform best? What time of day is the best to advertise? What the week is the best to advertise? So, all these variables that Meta's going to test to try and get you the best results possible, sales, leads, whatever it is you've optimized your campaign for. So, that's happening all the time. Meta's constantly testing, but they're testing much more aggressively during the learning phase, like I said, when you first launch your campaign, ad set, etc. So, your results during that time period are very volatile. You can have great results, poor results, they're all over the place. If you make a significant adjustment to a campaign, ad set, so for example, you create a new ad, you change some of the settings at the ad set level, potentially even change some of the settings at the campaign level, you will re-enter the learning phase. The learning phase lasts typically, let's say, 24 to 48 hours, but it is dependent on conversion volume. So, the more conversions you generate, the faster Meta is able to learn, because they have more data, and the shorter that learning phase will last, too. So, if you're working on a campaign that's generating thousands of sales a day, the learning phase can last hardly any time at all, because you really quickly have a lot of data. Meta's like, "Right, got it. Made the adjustments, new ads, understand it. We tested it. We worked out this is the way to go, and we're off." The smaller your budget, typically, the lower number of conversions you're going to generate, the longer it is going to take for you to exit the learning phase. So, if you are helicopter parenting your ad campaigns, you're constantly in there, constantly making tweaks and adjustments, you keep re-entering the learning phase, you're not allowing Meta time to optimize and get you the best performance possible. So, what I typically recommend advertisers do is try and set an optimization schedule. So, decide I'm going to adjust my campaigns no more than once every 7 days or 10 days. And you need to extend that time period because you are operating with a small budget and you are going to typically be generating lower conversion volumes. Now, you might set that schedule and realize that actually we could adjust more often this. We are getting good data within those time periods or you need to extend it and go the other way. That's going to depend on your business. Even within small budgets, if you're running an ad campaign that's designed to generate leads via a lead magnet, you're going to generate many, many more conversions than someone who's selling a high-ticket service well. So, again, you need to adjust the time frame accordingly. There is no one-size-fits-all when it comes time frame. One of the most common questions I get asked and I always say it's based on conversion volume is how often you should be making adjustments. It's not a we do it every 7 days across the board. Some campaigns generate thousands of conversions a day. Some campaigns generate six conversions a week. Well, the campaign that generates six conversions a week, it might take a month to know if a new ad is performing well, whereas the one that's generating thousands a day, it might take 3 hours. Like literally, I'm not over exaggerating that. That can absolutely be the case. So, you need to adjust the time frame according to conversion volume. One of the easiest ways if you're like, "Right, how do I know what's right for me?" is to use a statistical significance calculator. Free online tool, you enter in your numbers and the calculator will tell you, "Ad A is indeed outperforming Ad B with a 90% statistical significance, right?" And then you can go about making decisions. That doesn't mean that you can't do any work on your meta ad campaigns in between those gaps, 7 days, 10 days, 14 days, something like that, because you could be producing new ad creative ready to go. You could be analyzing the data, drawing conclusions, and thinking, "Right, okay, this ad had a really good hook rate versus this ad had a much better return on ad spend. Let's take this hook and put it" This sort of analysis I talk about in other videos of of how you go about improving performance. You can be doing that, but when it comes to actually physically making the changes, try and limit yourself. Don't constantly tinker. Okay, second point I want to talk about is to really really get specific about your ideal customers and create ads that are only designed for them, both from an ad copy messaging standpoint, but also in the creative. If you've got a small budget, you don't want to be an also-ran against businesses that have much larger budgets and are going for much larger market share. The way you compete with those bigger businesses that have much larger budgets is you say, "We're not going to touch 99% of this market that technically could buy our product or service. Instead, we're going to be hyper-specific for this 1% or sometimes even less that we can tailor everything towards and we can serve them better than the bigger company that is trying to sell cross-market because we can tailor our offering, but also we can market to them in a way that really resonates with those people. It's a much better way to stand out, to niche down, and to to approach things that way. A lot of smaller businesses, which are typically the ones operating with smaller budgets, they're nervous to do that because they feel like they're missing out on potential sales, but that's poor thinking. Much better to think about it the other way. You are much more likely to stand out in comparison to the competition, which have significant advantages. They're spending a lot more than you. They probably have more brand recognition. A lot more of the market may have bought from them previously, so you have loads of things to overcome. They probably have larger budgets for content creation and ad creative and production. They might be working with influencers. Like, you are up against it against those bigger businesses. How can you win in that scenario? By being more specific. It's why they say there's riches in niches, right? So, how do you go about doing this? So, if you have a customer base already, you've been running ads or you generate customers from other ways, then you can do analysis on those customers and work out which customers are worth the most to you, which either buy again the most or stick around if you're on some sort of recurring or subscription model, which stick around longest. Those will typically often be the ones that give you the less headaches as well. There might be customers that you can make money from, but oh, they're just a nightmare. We don't want to work with them. And go through those and and be like, "Right, you know what? Out of this entire market, we've worked out that this subsection is the best. Those are the people we've worked with. Let's re-engineer our marketing messaging. It's just all about them. Talk about the things they care about, talk about the problems they have specifically, which might differ from the rest of the market, and then really narrow it in." One of the biggest reasons small budgets fail on Meta isn't targeting, it's the creatives. Because testing properly requires variations, and variations cost money. A single UGC video from a creator, hundreds if not thousands of dollars. An agency to consistently produce and test new creatives, thousands if not tens of thousands of dollars per month. And that's before you even know if the ads convert. If you're working with a small budget, that math just doesn't work. Hollow flips that part of the equation. You just paste in only your website URL, and it analyzes your brand voice, positioning, and visuals. Then generates ready-to-publish ads, social posts, and email campaigns. But what makes this powerful for small budgets is the variations. Instead of giving you one creative, it can generate batches of different hooks, angles, formats, and layouts in seconds. You can tweak the size, swap visuals, adjust colors, change the messaging, translate it into another language, or even turn a static image into a video without starting from scratch each time. No prompts, no Canva marathons, no waiting weeks on freelancers. And here's why this matters for small budget advertisers. Meta rewards iteration. The people who win aren't always the ones spending the most, they're the ones testing the most. If you can create 10 to 20 creative variations quickly without spending thousands on production, you suddenly have leverage. Instead of spending your budget on creative production, you can spend it on actual ad testing. What used to take hours or cost thousands now takes minutes. For solo founders and small teams, that removes the biggest bottleneck in Facebook ads, producing enough creatives to find a winner. If creative costs have been holding you back from testing properly, Hollow is definitely worth looking at. There is a link in the description and a discount code if you want to try it. So, one of the classic scenarios you'll often see with a lot of businesses that go through that process of analysis, is they will work out we only want to work with high net worth individuals because they spend the most, they give us the least headaches, they're the best either on a BTC or you could do the equivalent of B2B, right? We're only going to work with companies over X revenue. And how would you therefore go about talking to to those people? Well, like I just said, think about the things they really care about from a ben- benefit standpoint. Think about their pain points as well. So, if you are looking to target only the high net worth individuals within your marketplace, don't emphasize the price competitiveness of your product service in comparison to your competition. That's not who you're going after, they don't care about that as much. Instead, emphasize say the time saving or the convenience or the status associated with having a product or service of this quality or of this brand. And things that they are much more likely to be interested in. You buy this once, you don't have to bother with it again, you don't have to worry about it. And and that's going to be different from the rest of the market that might be far more price sensitive or might be interested in different things. So, for example, us as a as an agency, we do I mean, we specialize because we specialize in Meta ads, we specialize in Google ads, we're not like full service and everything else. So, we do this niching within our own service offerings. But within that, we will work with a broad range of of different types of businesses. We work with service and SaaS and e-com and all sorts, right? We now have a large enough team to have specialists within each one of of those fields. But if we were operating with a smaller budget, if we were newer, what we could do is look at all our clients and be like, you know what? E-commerce businesses that generate more than $10 million a year in revenue typically are highest value customers. So then we would re-engineer our marketing. You'd see someone like me just creating videos specifically targeted at e-commerce businesses over a certain size. All our ads would be updated specifically to speak to those people. It'd be in the messaging. It'd be what do they care about? They care about scale. They care about maintaining return on ad spend as they scale up. They're not interested in things like lead quality. Doesn't apply to them. So we wouldn't be talking about lead quality in our advertising. So you see how how we would tailor it if we wanted to further niche down in those instances and hopefully you can apply that to your business as well. If you go over specific and find that your ads just aren't reaching my people, you can always broaden back out. But in my experience most businesses, particularly those operating with small budgets, are far too broad as opposed to too niche. Next is to copy what already works best in your industry. There are likely bigger players with bigger budgets that have spent a fortune testing and working things out. You can analyze what they are doing, draw conclusions, and save yourself a ton of time, a ton of money in experimentation by modeling from what they have demonstrated works best. How do you do that? One of the easiest ways is to use the Meta Ads Library. A free tool. I'm going to show you how to do that, right? So I'm here in the Meta Ads Library. Just Google it, it'll come right up. The way this works is you select your location, you select your category. So if you operate within a specialized category, select that. Otherwise you can select all ads. And then I'm going to use myself as the example here. So if I enter Ben Heath in here, we can see all the ads that that we're running and you can check these out if you're interested, by the way. And you can see the details, you can see the primary text, you can see where they're running, you can see the videos themselves, the headlines, you can click through to the landing pages. You've got all the information that that you would want to to take a look at to see see what they're doing. So what you want to do here is think about the competitors that you know are advertising well. You see their ads pop up often, they look good. You just know based on the size of the business that their marketing is really switched on. You think this is a good company to to model from based on your interaction. Then you come through to Meta Ads Library, you search for them, and then what you're looking for are the ads that have been running quite a while. So, for example, if you were to do this with us, you could see that these ads up here at the top, these have been running since May 2025. So, not far off a year as of the recording of this video, 9 months or so as of the recording of this video. Now, I can tell you right now that these ads are performing well. I know that cuz this is these are our ads. But, we would have turned them off if they weren't. And that's basically true for just about every advertiser that you would look at. If they've been running an ad for, you know, cuz if they only launched an ad last week, you don't know that thing's working. They might just be experimenting. If they've been consistently running an ad for more than say 6 months, particularly if it's longer than that, that ad is almost certainly working for them, and you could look to model from it. Now, if you're looking at bigger competitors, more successful competitors, which is what I'd recommend, sometimes you won't be able to replicate what they've produced. You might be like, "Okay, they've been running this ad for a year and a half, but it's a partnership ad with an influencer in the space. We couldn't afford to work with them." You might be able to, by the way. People always think that influencers cost a lot more than they do. They're wrong. But, in that instance, maybe you can't replicate what they're doing. But, just keep going. Keep looking at more competitors, keep finding other options and be like, "Oh, we can do that. That's an interesting product demonstration video. That's a UGC video. They've actually got some static images that seem to be performing well for them. Let's go ahead and use that." And you can look to model from what works and replicate that. Save yourself a ton of time and budget and test that way. You have a limited budget with a small budget to test. And also, the emphasis on testing becomes less important because what you're really looking to do with a small budget, what I think you should be looking to do with a small budget, is establish proof of concept. Can we generate leads? Can we generate sales? Yes. And then get that campaign as quickly as possible to be as profitable as possible because that will fund reinvestment. If you can get that campaign to produce a 4x return on ad spend, well, you could then reinvest more into your ad campaigns and scale them and try and maintain that ROAS or improve it and grow your business and acquire a lot more customers. It very much wants to be seen as a stepping stone that can be profitable and can work to higher budget levels if you want to succeed, grow your business and all that sort of stuff. Moving on to another piece of advice that is very important for advertisers operating with a small budget and that is no brand awareness. I don't want you to be running awareness campaigns. I don't want you to be running engagement campaigns, traffic campaigns. I want you to be running leads or sales campaigns that are direct offer, directly selling what it is that you advertise in order to get leads, in order to get sales so that you can generate a short-term return on your small budget which like I said in the previous point will allow you to reinvest. I've heard so many advertisers, particularly when they're new to advertising, say things like I just kind of want to get my business out there. That doesn't really mean anything. It's like you just want to get your business out there, why? You want to get your business out there because you want leads, you want sales, you want that coming in. Well, much better to go directly for those things instead of running an awareness campaign and just sort of magically thinking that's somehow going to end up coming back to you in the long term. There is one very specific exception and that's my omnipresent content campaign only applies specific businesses, typically those offering a very involved purchase. So, high ticket service, something consulting, expertise based, something like that. I've got videos on that in case you want to check that out. That does use either an awareness or engagement campaign structure, but it is very different thing. We're doing it for different reasons and we're often advertising that alongside our conversion campaigns at sales or leads. And if you're a small business, I would be even less keen for you to focus on the omnipresent content strategy and instead go for what it is that you really want. Get that return so that you can reinvest. Meta's optimization systems and how the campaign delivers is completely literal. If you say you want sales, Meta's going to do its best possible to get you sales. If you say you want leads, vice versa. If you say you want traffic, they're going to find really clicky people. Those people won't necessarily go on and convert. Brand awareness is much better for larger companies, often larger companies that don't have a direct path to conversion. So, if you think of like Coca-Cola running ads, for example, well, no one's like clicking through on an ad to then come through and buy like it's it's top of mind. So, the next time you're in a restaurant, next time in the supermarket, you buy Coke products. You get one out of the fridge because of the reminder, you drink it now, that creates a space so that next time you're more likely to buy more. So, the businesses that run brand awareness on Meta ads as well typically fall into that category where there's much less of a direct lead to the conversion. Not something we want to mess with as smaller businesses. Another tip that I've really encouraged small budget advertisers to do recently and found a number of us have a lot of success with this is to use your organic content on Meta, typically on Instagram, as basically free testing for ad creative. Now, this requires you to create content and it will be more valuable if you already have a bit of an organic audience than if you don't. But because we talked about before, you don't have much budget for budget for testing. That's why we are modeling from other businesses that have done a lot of testing. But this is another great way to do it. You can, for example, produce Instagram Reels, put those out there, and then the ones that get significantly more engagement than others, you can take those, add a 5-10 second call to action to the end, and run that as an ad. You could do the same with static images, which ones get a lot more reaction, use that in your ad, maybe add some text overlay, accompany it obviously within the ad structure, headline, etc., in order to get people to to take action. And it won't always translate. So, sometimes things perform really well organically and it just doesn't translate to ads. But often they do, and often it's a really good way to find extra ideas easily, produce ad creative, kind of two birds, one stone situation. We got some organic content and we got some ad creative out of this. And it could be an easy way to iterate and test and find what works. You may even find that something works really well organically, doesn't necessarily do well as an ad, but you're thinking, "Yeah, but we can use that concept or we can use that hook in that reel in our ads going forward. We just need to change the rest of it to be more focused." To do this well, your organic content needs to be closely related to your ads and what it is that you talk about. I would hope that would be true anyway, because that's [clears throat] going to help drive business outcomes, lead to sales, revenue, etc. But that's just a an important caveat to which quickly mention. If you're watching this now on a small budget and you can think, "Yeah, I've posted quite a bit of organic content." Take a bit of time and go back through and find the ones that have done well and just chuck them into an ad campaign. Like I said, maybe stick a call to action on the end and see how it does. And real quick, we've created the perfect offer for Facebook and Instagram advertisers with a small budget. We call it Facebook Ads Mastery. It's a school community complete with exclusive education material. We also do live calls and Q&As with me and my team members. If you're interested, there's a link in the video description. The next point is going to sting for some of you. And that's to be willing to spend more on conversions than what you're currently willing to spend. Most beginner Facebook and Instagram advertisers, those operating with a small budget typically, have unrealistic expectations of A, what's possible, B, what they should expect, and C, what will allow their business to grow. Part of that is because there are many people within this space that will over promise. It's one of the reasons why if you see, for example, the case studies on our website, the result screenshots that I put out on my Instagram stories, we cover a range. We will show the businesses that we're able to get a 20x return on ad spend for, which is just incredible and that's amazing and everyone wants that, but for some businesses that is completely impossible. We will also show businesses that get a 3.2 x return on ad spend, but have done so at scale and that's really profitable and a successful outcome for that business. It's not the massive headline attention grabbing, but it's done well and it is it is success and it works for that business and it allows them to scale and do the things that they want them to do. I've spoken to many beginners that will say things like, "Oh, I want a 10x return on ad spend." And typically if someone is talking in those terms, they don't understand the dynamic well enough. So often I've had to tease that out of them. So I might say, "What are you willing to pay to acquire a customer?" Which is one of the most common questions. If you're ever on a Q&A with me, that's almost certainly one of the things I'm going to ask if I want to to delve deeper with you. And often people say, "I don't know." So I'll sort of work it back through with them. Okay, what are your customers worth? My customers are worth $2,000. Okay, excellent. So what are you willing to pay to get that customer? And someone might say, "I don't know. $100, $200." I go, "Okay. So you're telling me that you wouldn't be willing if you had a magic machine and you could put $400 in it or $500 in it and it just spits out a $2,000 customer, you wouldn't do it." And they nearly always go, "Oh no, yeah. No, I would. Yeah, yeah, no, that I can make that work." Obviously this is going to be dependent on margins. Some businesses can be a much more aggressive. Like for some businesses a 1.5 x return on ad spend is fantastic because let's say they're selling software or info and there's no cost of goods associated with selling the thing and they want massive scale and they can do it. Then there are businesses where they spend 10 million a year and they make 15 million direct from sales from those ads and they've got 5 million profit cuz there's hardly any cost associated and that's a successful business outcome. There are obviously others that need a much larger return on ad spend because they do have cost of service deliverable or they have cost of goods in order to to make it work. But I've I've seen a lot of ad campaigns where, "Okay, the $2,000 customer is what my customer is worth to my business. In my mind I'm only willing to pay $200 for a customer. Therefore, I convert one in, let's say, 10 leads. So I'm only willing to pay $20 per lead. And then they cap out and they can barely scale and they think, "Oh, the campaign's not working. I've got to limit to $25 a lead." And you actually run through the numbers and you're like, "You know, $25 a lead is really profitable for you, right?" Advanced meta advertisers, and the businesses that do the best, they don't typically generate the best return on ad spends. Because as you scale, your return on ad spend will decrease, inevitably. It is harder to acquire, it is more expensive, I should say, to acquire your 10,000th customer than your 50th customer, because there's always a proportion of the market that is just so keen and loves whatever it is that you sell that they kind of buy everything and you can gather up these people. But there's not many of them, the more you scale, that the harder that is. But there is a trade-off that a lot of businesses understand where they think, "I don't mind if my return on ad spends drops if my overall profit number, not as a percentage, as a number, is significantly better. That's a better business outcome. Much better to generate a 4x return on ad spend spending a million dollars a month than a 10x return on ad spend spending $10,000 a month. You make a lot more money at the lower return on ad spend number because you've achieved scale. So, really have a think about what could you be willing to pay to acquire a customer? I'll give you some examples. I want to go even further for some businesses. There are many, many businesses where initial customer acquisition is loss-making. Many of the biggest, most successful businesses, that is true. Almost anything finance-related. Banks, they pay way more to acquire you than they make from you initially. Mortgage companies are often the same. Insurance, they are playing a game of we will turn you into repeat revenue over many years, most likely, and we'll end up with a fantastic return on ad spend, but it might take 6 months or more for us to pay the initial cost of customer acquisition in the first place. And there's some of the biggest, most successful businesses in the world that operate this way. Lots of businesses in that category. It's actually one another advantage that bigger advertisers have, is typically they have more cash reserves and they can afford to be more aggressive on their customer acquisition than smaller businesses. I think that a lot of small budget advertisers have this idea of like, "I'm at a 2x ROAS. If I could just get to a 10x ROAS, I'll be like the big boys." And you're like, "Actually, some of the big boys might be operating at a 2x ROAS. They're just doing it much better in terms of retention and customer reactivation than you are. So, it works for them in in a way that a 2x ROAS doesn't work for you." I'm not saying you have to lose money as a small budget advertiser. Often, you need profitability to be able to reinvest. But, you might be fine with a four or five x ROAS. You might not need a 10x ROAS to make it worth your while. My next recommendation is to reduce the number of variables. So, we want to concentrate and consolidate both from your resource capacity, mentally, time, within your business, but also within your ad account so that we consolidate that conversion data and Meta has the best possible chance of getting out of the learning phase and then optimizing your campaigns to get you the outcome that you want to get. So, I typically recommend that you focus on one offer only. If you sell a big range of products or you have multiple service offerings, which are sold the best, which do you make the most money from, focus in on that exclusively. Don't have lots of different campaigns. Don't have lots of different ad sets. You want to consolidate that down. So, let's say we had five ad sets and we're generating 20 conversions a week. Well, that's four conversions per [clears throat] ad set on average. Much better to have the one ad set and have those 20 conversions going through the one ad set. Like I said, much more likely to get out of learning phase, much easier for Meta to be able to optimize and draw conclusions, and then put your ads in front of the right people and get you the results that you want. If you don't have historical data around which offer is most profitable, which sells the best, take a best guess. What are your competitors focusing on mostly? What do you have the best margins in? You can always adjust once you've got up and running, but fewer campaigns, often just one campaign, one ad set is the way to go. You can always look to scale and add complexity later on. In fact, if you do want more information about Facebook ad campaign structure and how we've adjusted this cuz there are significant differences now to what we used to recommend. Then I recommend you check out this video cuz I go through it all and I talk about how you want to start, which businesses want to stick with the one campaign, one ad set um setup versus the alternative options and when you might want to change that as you go through your Meta Ads journey. Just go and check it out.

  Top Comments:
  1. @BenHeath [2 likes]: Get personal Meta Ads feedback from me (live) for less than $60 per session:
👉 https://www.skool.com/benheath/about
Let my agency run your Meta ads for you:
👉 https://heathmedia.co.uk/done-for-you/
  2. @AbdullahKhan-sr1ir [1 likes]: Bro I'm running a campaign - highest volume - conversion as Purchase (broad targetting, advantage+audience with suggestions). I have a budget of Rs 1000 INR (9 USD) a day initially. I'm running 3 ads using one adset. Video type are unboxing, ugc, and one review static image. Still in learning phase, it has only been 8 days, the acquisition cost is coming 1000 a day for each order.  Does leaving it longer would make the acquisition cost slowly drop down when meta has more data?
  3. @jeanriley2669 [1 likes]: Long time follower! I have studied and studied , and always think its because my budgets are small! but example a is that recently ad's I have had at 45 dollars a day x 1 add was performing at 3.3% click rate, even though I have a small budget would you suggest to use these kinds of creatives if that percent keeps up? Thank you so much :)
  4. @itaylubovich [1 likes]: Man you're awesome!
I'm watching you for like 8 years I think.
You helped me a lot, so first of all keep it up!
I used to use Facebook Ads for Ecom and now I'm using it for Financial services (consultant)
In the video you said "How much are you willing to pay for a customer?" well that's a great question haha
How can I know that I'm not overpaying a customer?
For example if I'm paying 1,000$ a customer and getting 2,000$ that's nice, but what if I could pay 500$ and be more profitable?
How can I know that I'm in my "Sweet spot"?
  5. @stanimirnikolov7934: My ad account is one week old. I’m running a CBO with a 60-day budget, two ad sets — one with video creatives and one with static creatives.

In 7 days, I got 38 purchases. Then I increased the budget by $10, and everything died. For the last 2 days I’ve had only 3 orders.

Should I lower the budget back down?
  6. @SubhanAhmed-k4x: You have  such a great experience.😎
  7. @Official-Lowlight-FM: I can tell he’s speaking from real experience.
  8. @TigerRepel: Just discovered the channel. It is brilliant.
  9. @johnnydulong-SellHfxRealEstate: Hi Ben, love your content.....Do you ever do FB Ad content specifically directed at Real Estate / Realtors?
  10. @rrivera457: Hey Ben. Would you recommend CBO or ABO for small budgets?
  11. @JonMcTavish: i like the idea around small/ new businesses only running ads meant to convert sales... but what if its a novel product. something that people don't know exists yet? dies that change anything?  does something like 10%  of ad budget spend on awareness campaign and remaining 90% on sales campaign?
  12. @MsAllybee123: I am running a catalog ad for a clothing brand.  When I create new products, they're being added to the catalog. Does that reset the algorithm when running catalog ads, even if I change nothing in Ads Manager?
  13. @fathiazaida: really liked the tips you shared here
  14. @social_media_vlogs: this was super helpful, thanks for breaking it down
  15. @SynthMind.studio-y1: i can actually do this now lol
  16. @sunilrajrb: the “stop touching it during learning” bit hit me. i always panic-edit on day 2 and then wonder why results reset. also saw Rumora mentioned elsewhere lately.
  17. @Omega_Destroyer_xx: Any chance you could do a dedicated video about ads specifically for Kickstarter? These campaigns live or die based on how good their Meta ads are
  18. @EugeneChiu96: Hello Ben. Thanks for all the videos, and I learnt and reshaped a lot. My dilemma is that I run my business in small budget and has spent 1000$ on FB ads getting 0 return(10$ per ad in structure 1-2-2 and 1-1-N), now I'm a little timid and unsure about my next ad. My product is common as those in market. What structure and budget should I use as I prepared 1 video with 3 different hooks and 3 different images). Thanks a lot! Hope you can reply.🙏
  19. @boringraccoon5466: This new way of Ads from Meta really pushes you to be way more creative.
  20. @tonybanda8685: Mine is a tiny tiny budget 😂🤧

- The Best Facebook Ad Creative Strategy for 2026: Kind: captions Language: en In this video, I'll be breaking down the single best creative ad strategy for 2026 [music] so that you can make killer high-erforming ad creatives in Facebook ads. This is the exact creative strategy that we're deploying over our 100 plus brands at the Moonlighters and the same exact creative strategy that I've shared within my school community [music] to nearly 300 brands right now. And this will 100% work no matter what category in. Whether you're in fashion, beauty, wellness, you name it. The old school way of creating ads would be a very simple workflow. You would think of an ad idea or your media buyer would say, "Hey, we need new ads. Maybe here's what's working." Then you would go and create new ads that look similar to the ones you've created before. Or if you had a new concept, something you thought might work well, you would go ahead and create it. Then you'd come into the Facebook ads manager. You'd upload it all as a single image or video. and you'd sit here writing painfully your primary text, your headlines, your descriptions. So, what we want to do instead is creating a system that increases the likelihood of finding winning ads. You can go ahead and pump out a,000 ads in an hour. You can go ahead and make a bunch of fake UGC or hire a bunch of creators or make a bunch of videos for yourself, but in reality, your win rate is going to be very low. The ads we're going to focus on today are going to have very high win rates. So instead of duplicating your best performing ads, we're going to be way more focused on a combination of new concepts, iterations, and variations, which are all very different things in the newest Andromeda updates and gem algorithmic changes to meta. So let's talk through the new way of doing this. So to start our system, what we're going to be building is a creative flywheel. This is going to be a predictable system that pumps out winning ads. So of course, at the top of every single creative machine or creative flywheel are new ads. And to source those new ads, they're going to come from two different places. And we're going to start from the single most important place. And that of course is going to be your competitors. Now, there's a free way to do this and there's a paid way to do this. I'm going to use the paid way. You could use the free way. I'm going to show you both really simply. First, the free way. We go into Facebook ads library. We click all ads and you go ahead and search one by one each of the competitors that are most relevant to your business. So, in this example, I'm just going to pretend that I'm the brand Vori. They're a sportsware kind of athleisure brand. One of their main competitors is Lululemon. So, what I would do if I was Viori is I would type in Lululemon. We're then going to select their page and we're able to see every single ad that Lululemon is currently running. And as you can see right here, they have hundreds of active ads in their account right now. So, I'm trying to think and clock what of these can I use as inspiration. What you really want to do is look at what ads have either been live the longest or spent the most. So, obvious things you could look out for are anything that says low impression count. You could very well and easily know that that is not a high performing ad. Or you could scroll all the way down to the bottom, which might take a minute depending on what brand you're looking at and look for ads that have been spending for the longest period of time. Now, what I like to do is use a program called Magic Brief. This is a paid platform. We're not sponsored by them, but it's the easiest way to show you everything. And we can see Lululemon right here is running 2382 active ads. We can see a quick overview of all the ads that they're running. And I could scroll through everything really easy. And I could download all of this imagery if I want to. Now, you might notice this looked a little bit different than Facebook ads library. And that's because they're running ads from different pages. So on the ad library, you might have to search through a variety of different pages from Lululemon and you might have to change the active status to all available ads because some of their ads might be paused after certain periods of time. And I want to give you a pro tip here. If you're a small brand and you're in the athletic leisure space, do not compare yourself to Lululemon. Don't compare yourself to Nike. Think about brands that are a step or two above you. If you're doing a million dollars in revenue, think of a brand that's doing 10 million. find and strike that balance between brands that are not too big. I'm never going to take inspiration from Nike, but not too small where they're not driving any sales, of course. So, once we find the brand and the creative that we are interested in, what we're looking for are the ads that have run the longest. We're looking for ads that have been most active for this brand. And I'm looking for real concepts here. Now, let's use this ad concept by Lululemon, which has run for 469 days. is they launched this in October of 2024. I am able to now take this ad, this carousel that they've developed here and use this as inspiration. We can recreate this very easily if I was Viori. So now in this example here, I'm just adding inspiration from competitive ads. You should be taking their videos, their statics, their gifts, their carousels, and build a true collection of concepts that you can identify. Each of these three are completely different concepts. You should be able to note and expand that each of these can be heavily expanded on. You should extrapolate out dozens of different iterations of this. You can make this exact ad if I was VRE versus Lululemon for every single product if I know it's a winning concept. But keep in mind, this is just scratching the surface. You can do this for every single one of your competitors. Identify trends and find common threads of creative that generally work in your category. Then take those threads, take those concepts and build them for yourself. Once you've created the concepts from your competitors, you've built them for yourselves. You've then launched your own new ads. What do you do next? This part is going to sound a little too easy. You wait. But it's not just about waiting. You have to make sure things are set up properly with those new ads to be able to have that luxury to actually wait and be patient. Now, we like to launch all of our new ads inside of a prospecting CBO campaign. The idea here is pretty simple. We want competition within our own ad account. And that works in a very simple way. Every time we have new creatives, they get launched into a new ad set. It could be anywhere from two creatives, one creative, 10 creatives, 15 creatives. Generally, four to eight creatives is the sweet spot. But don't over complicate it. Every time new ads get launched, they get launched into a new ad set. When those ads get launched into a new adset, over time, you're going to have a lot of new adets. And as you can see on my lefth hand side here, we're up to Broadpack 76. That means we have over 76 adsets that we've launched and tested for this brand. You're going to wonder, how on earth do any of these new ads get any sort of spend? Because the old ads are going to hog all the spend. I hear this all the time, even for brands that are just starting out. So, what we've done to basically counteract this is when we go into the adset, we go down to the budget and schedule section, and we click ads set spending limits. From here, we click set a minimum or maximum. We change the percent value to dollar value and we enter an average daily minimum equal to 1x the cost per acquisition target. If your cost per acquisition target is 50, you put this to 50. It is literally as simple as that. There's one point of tracking that you need to do on your side. Set a calendar invite. Set an alarm. I don't care what you have to do. Just make sure you get back to this in seven days. These never stay on for more than seven days at a time. Now, you might ask, why do we even do this? The problem is most ads just take too much time to get the adequate levels of spend and be tested. This keeps you in a non-stop waiting cycle where your ad account doesn't grow fast enough. Instead of waiting all of this time, this giant section here, and then eventually the ad scales or the ad dies because it's not good, we want to shortline this. And the way that we shortline this is we set that ad set budget minimum equal to 1x the cost per acquisition, which instead only forces the spend for a few days. And then if the ad's a winner, it scales quicker. If it's a loser, it stays at that set spend. Now, the beauty of this is you're going to look back within that 7-day window and decide, am I willing to spend more on this ad, or should we just remove the adset minimum? If you remove the minimum, the ad's going to spend less. If you keep the minimum, it will continue to spend at the same, which is most likely what you do not want to do. And in most cases, if it's above, it's a winning ad. If you remove the minimum, it's still going to spend above the threshold. So, it's a win-win scenario. Okay. So, we've developed new ads. We set ads set minimum budgets. We've waited. We've removed those adset minimum budgets. And now, it's time to take some more action. Now, this is where the flywheel really begins. It is in the analysis. So, what we want to do is go back into our ad account, make sure we're in our prospecting campaign. We're going to go to our column set, compare attribution settings, and select incremental attribution. Then, sort your entire ad account by highest spending to lowest spending. In most cases, I like to look at all my ads at once, but it's also important to break things down into different groupings depending on products, categories, whatever else is going on within your business. Know that there are nuances to everything I am talking about. Looking through all of our ads to keep this as fundamentally simple as possible. In this case, last 14 days, we spent $97,000 at a 1.42 return on ad spend. Our incremental return on ad spend is 1.23. What I am looking for here are highspending ads, outsized results on high-spending ads and above our threshold for return on ad spend. And we can see we have one very clear standout, followed by a few others that I'm very interested in. Now, the incremental return on ad spend for new customers that this brand cares about is around a 1.1 return on ad spend, which I know sounds crazy to many people, but that is just what this brand functions at. For these guys, we need to be above that 1.1. And we can see in this case we're well above at scale $26,000 in spend which represents over 25% of the total spend in this campaign at a 1.46 way above our threshold. We can also see there's a few that are just at the threshold 1.13 1.16. We're not going to touch those for now. And then we have a few more that are actually high spending, well above the threshold here, a 1.5, 1.38, and a 1.43. Our duty now is to take the best performing ads that have high spend and are above our threshold and recreate and iterate off of these ads. And this is where the flywheel makes its way full circle. The analysis that we just did is going to provide and yield clear concepts. These concepts are going to be winning ads. We then are taking these winning ads just like we did for our competitors and we are creating duplicates, variants, iterations of these winning ads. Eventually, what this does for us is it solidifies core concepts in our ad account. Now, you can see you literally just do the same thing over and over and over and over and over again. But don't forget, as you're creating these new concepts, as your ad account is growing, you need to make sure you're upping your spend along the way. It doesn't mean you have to increase your spend. It just means that you should not be afraid of things like the learning phase or increasing spend in general. The goal here is to grow accounts. This is not a system for maintaining your account. This is a system for growth. So when you run this flywheel for weeks and weeks and months and you're consistent, this is an example of the result that you will get. You will find winning concepts. Those concepts will be matched to audiences and each of these concepts is going to perform at a different rate. For example, let's say your target is 2x return on ad spend. Concept number one might return at that 2x and might spend 10k. Concept number two might return at a 3x but only be able to spend 3K. Concept number four might return at a ridiculous 10x but guess what? It could only spend 500 bucks. And then finally, concept number four might spend at a 2.2, but it does so at 50k spend. Old school Facebook would want you to only run the 10x, right? Just keep smashing the 10x. New school Facebook, Andromeda Facebook wants you to focus on all of these concepts. All of these add profit to your business. Now, you should care way more about your bank account, your actual profit. And that is exactly what we want to be doing in the sense of creating concepts and matching those concepts to audiences. And don't care as much about an ad that runs a 5x versus a 2x. As long as 2x is profitable, we want to run both. So, this flywheel usually starts to produce winning clear concepts. And you can see here, this is a concept from the brand Talentless that they can continue to build out. They can make variants around the same exact thing and they already have. We have another talentless example here. Now, they've been using this exact concept for literally a year. They take different products, different model shots, and they group it together with these semi in between shots, like these trio shots almost with just a very simple headline. We then have another concept that they've merged. So, they started with concept A and concept B and then they duped in. So they merged two concepts which are concept up here, concept number two and concept number one to create concept number three. We then have another concept by them and you can see they've created variants of this for all of their collections. You will stack concepts if you do this over and over and over again. And that right there is how you create a creative machine. One of the most important things when you're running Facebook ads is having that creative machine to fuel your account and scale. Now, if this has been helpful and you like this style of content and you want to access my entire system, tutorials, SOPs, literally the internal trainings that we use at the Moonlighters to service over a 100 brands as well as live Q&As, then click the link down in the description or go to school.com/fas where we have a massive community, the fastest growing Facebook ads community on school right now with literally nothing held back. That's all for today's video. I hope you got a ton of value out of this and I will see you in the next

  Top Comments:
  1. @isshanth_karthic [1 likes]: w value
  2. @shopadonisking [1 likes]: great video
  3. @LuxemShop [1 likes]: Hello i m watching you from Tunisia , i like you concept , thank you
  4. @Samu-pl1jh [1 likes]: I'm hearing that many performance marketeers are moving to a '1 campaign,1 ad set, +/- 20 creatives' campaign structure, what are your thoughts on that? Im seeing you're using it differently. Since the andromeda does the seperation between prospecting vs. retargeting still make sense?
  5. @viniciuspinho7862 [1 likes]: thanks
  6. @joaodantas1705 [1 likes]: good!
  7. @SamPiliero: 👉 Work with me and my team: go.themoonlighters.com/apply-l137
👉 Join my coaching program: go.themoonlighters.com/skool-l137
  8. @SeanMeyerhofer: Great video, one question: you mention cutting the minimum spend per day after 7 days, and mention it should be 1x your CPA target, however, you don't mention the equivalent ratio of spend at the campaign level. My question is how much should we set the CBO budget for relative to how much we'll be spending each day on minimum spend for those ads? Maybe a ratio number or smth would help, obv it must be more or equal to what you plan to spend in total per ad set....thanks in advance!
  9. @AmyNeville: So you create an adset with new creatives and when you know the winner do you just keep that adset or duplicate to another adset with winners already in it.. this is the part that confuses me. I have 4 completely different audiences we sell things to Seniors, Lone Workers, Personal Safety and Disabled people so we have ads for each of these areas dont want to put in same bucket but not sure best structure..
  10. @moritzasche3060: How to decide wich budget the campaign should have?
  11. @elitefitnesschios: Amazing content. Just a quick question is this applicable to lead form ads or we need different strategy? Also is your skool good fit for a service/ physical business like a gym?
  12. @crescitaly: The 1x CPA minimum spend trick on new ad sets is genuinely the highest-leverage change I made this year. Before, winning concepts would sit with $3 spend for days because old ads were hogging everything. Pushed minimum to $45 (our CPA) for 7 days, removed it after, and win-rate on tested concepts jumped from ~8% to 31%. Also the Andromeda insight on running 2x AND 10x ROAS concepts side by side instead of cutting the lower one — total profit went up $9,200 in 3 weeks because we stopped strangling the volume plays.
  13. @socioleadz: Great video, can you tell me if we should run 4-5 or more ads simultaneously for a completely new ad account and with a lower ad budget for ad spend (less than $1k) and how to figure out how many adsets and ads we should run in any certain ad spend?
  14. @davidpu3104: Dude i just watched this video and is pure gold, I mean, I do a similar strategy BUT doing what youre saying make my strategy better! WAY BETTER.
  15. @andrewnevermind4902: 1. Get chat gpt.
2. Use AI to improve your SEO.
3. Use AI to improve alt text on images.
4. Ask AI to help implement changes ready for Shopify integration.
5. Stop paying facebook for old rope.
  16. @ZeinabHassan79: please can you dub your videos with arabic egypt please I like your channel
  17. @ricottacheese245: thank you!!!
  18. @bruidbarrett: One of the best videos on the topic thank you
  19. @call.me.dexter: Love from India. Keep making such content.
  20. @davidfrey5654: way over my head

- Facebook Ads For Beginners: Complete Guide (2026): Kind: captions Language: en all right real talk most people trying to run&nbsp; Facebook ads are just lighting money on fire&nbsp;&nbsp; and it's not because the platform doesn't&nbsp; work it's not because their product sucks&nbsp;&nbsp; it's because no one ever sat them down and&nbsp; explained how this game actually works so&nbsp;&nbsp; what do they do they boost a post they pick 27&nbsp; different interests and they throw 500 bucks&nbsp;&nbsp; at it and then when it flops they blame the&nbsp; algorithm or worse they give up and I've been&nbsp;&nbsp; there i've done all that but then I figured it&nbsp; out i'm still figuring it out but not from a&nbsp;&nbsp; $10,000 course not from any YouTube rabbit holes&nbsp; just by running real ads with my own real money&nbsp;&nbsp; over and over and over until it clicked so this&nbsp; series is called Facebook Ads for Noobs and if&nbsp;&nbsp; you stick with me through all five parts I'll show&nbsp; you everything you need to finally make ads work&nbsp;&nbsp; especially if you're new but the real reason&nbsp; to stick around today because at the end of&nbsp;&nbsp; this I'm going to give you my favorite shortcuts&nbsp; dirty little hacks and zero budget tricks that I&nbsp;&nbsp; use to find winners faster than anyone else I&nbsp; know this is stuff I wished someone handed me&nbsp;&nbsp; on day one this is a series I needed when&nbsp; I started now it's yours so let's dive in here's what you're going to learn part&nbsp; one foundations understand how Facebook&nbsp;&nbsp; ads actually work you're going to learn campaign&nbsp; structure between the campaign the ad set and the&nbsp;&nbsp; ad you're going to pick the right objective and&nbsp; build offers that convert in part two you're going&nbsp;&nbsp; to build your first campaign it's a stepbystep&nbsp; walkthrough on how to launch your first ad set&nbsp;&nbsp; within Ads Manager from targeting and placements&nbsp; to budget and creatives this gets you live fast&nbsp;&nbsp; and clean part three is writing ads that convert&nbsp; you use the hook to the problem to the offer to&nbsp;&nbsp; the call to action formula to write punchy clear&nbsp; high converting ad copy including headline tips&nbsp;&nbsp; image best practices and full examples and part&nbsp; four is my favorite testing and optimization&nbsp;&nbsp; you're going to learn the 72-hour rule key metrics&nbsp; CTR CPC CPM and how to AB test one variable at a&nbsp;&nbsp; time you're going to diagnose problems and&nbsp; fix them quickly and part five scaling and&nbsp;&nbsp; automation how to go from $10 a day to $500 a&nbsp; day without breaking your campaign budget this&nbsp;&nbsp; includes targeting lead handling automation and&nbsp; CRM setup and as a bonus you're going to get my&nbsp;&nbsp; favorite hacks loopholes and shortcuts the bottom&nbsp; line is if you follow this playbook you will never&nbsp;&nbsp; guess what to do with your Facebook ad you won't&nbsp; have to guess you'll know exactly what to write&nbsp;&nbsp; where to click and how to scale okay so let's get&nbsp; into it part one foundations here's what makes&nbsp;&nbsp; Facebook ads work and why most people never get it&nbsp; right story time i was sitting with a local HVAC&nbsp;&nbsp; company owner last summer smart guy he'd been&nbsp; in business about 12 years or so he asked me to&nbsp;&nbsp; look at his Facebook ads account here's what I saw&nbsp; wasn't surprising one boosted post from 2 months&nbsp;&nbsp; ago a photo of his van and a caption saying "Hey&nbsp; need AC repair we're here to help call today." No&nbsp;&nbsp; targeting no strategy no results and that's how&nbsp; most people run Facebook ads it's why most people&nbsp;&nbsp; think Facebook ads don't work isn't that a shame&nbsp; but here's the truth facebook ads still work like&nbsp;&nbsp; crazy better than ever before you just have to&nbsp; understand the machine that you're operating so&nbsp;&nbsp; let's build your foundation right by the time you&nbsp; finish this chapter you'll be able to run ads like&nbsp;&nbsp; a grown-up like an expert step one here's what&nbsp; actually makes a Facebook ad work it's not your&nbsp;&nbsp; logo it's not your business card design it's not&nbsp; even the photo although that is important we'll&nbsp;&nbsp; get to that but what makes a Facebook ad work&nbsp; is alignment these three things have to line up&nbsp;&nbsp; number one a clear problem number two a relevant&nbsp; offer and number three it needs to be shown to the&nbsp;&nbsp; right person at the right time that's it here's an&nbsp; example of a problem your trees are blocking your&nbsp;&nbsp; driveway here's an example of an offer tree&nbsp; trimming in 24 hours message us for a quote&nbsp;&nbsp; and here's an example of the right person&nbsp; homeowners in Mckin Texas with large trees&nbsp;&nbsp; and disposable income that's it if you hit that&nbsp; combo game over if you miss one you're burning&nbsp;&nbsp; money if you miss two you're burning a lot of&nbsp; money step two understanding the Facebook ad&nbsp;&nbsp; structure there are three levels to every Facebook&nbsp; ad campaign number one campaign think of this&nbsp;&nbsp; as the why what are you trying to accomplish at&nbsp; the campaign level is it sales is it leads is it&nbsp;&nbsp; website traffic are you looking for messages more&nbsp; page engagement most beginners pick the wrong one&nbsp;&nbsp; and then they blame the algorithm stop blaming&nbsp; the algorithm don't do that here's how to decide&nbsp;&nbsp; every campaign has a goal use this objective to&nbsp; book service calls via DMs drive messages drive&nbsp;&nbsp; sales on a site maybe you want conversions to&nbsp; collect emails or leads or just leads maybe you&nbsp;&nbsp; want more eyeballs and maybe you want more reach&nbsp; on your video which isn't very common and I will&nbsp;&nbsp; say if you're a local business 90% of the time&nbsp; you should start with messages it's the highest&nbsp;&nbsp; intent it's the easiest to convert and it gives&nbsp; you instant feedback after the campaign is the&nbsp;&nbsp; ad set level this is the who when and where&nbsp; who are you targeting where will your ads be&nbsp;&nbsp; shown instagram Facebook feed Instagram stories&nbsp; Facebook stories how much are you spending this&nbsp;&nbsp; is where most of the money is made or lost here&nbsp; at the ad set level we'll go deep into targeting&nbsp;&nbsp; later but here's the short version you want to&nbsp; start broad let the algorithm work dial it in as&nbsp;&nbsp; you go if you start niche from the beginning then&nbsp; you'll never know what you're missing out on and&nbsp;&nbsp; the most granular level to this three- tier system&nbsp; is the ad just to recap campaign ad set and then&nbsp;&nbsp; ad this is the what this is what your prospect&nbsp; actually sees it includes the creative which is&nbsp;&nbsp; a fancy way of saying the image or the video the&nbsp; caption which is the primary text and then the&nbsp;&nbsp; headline also this is where you'll see the call&nbsp; to action button maybe that's shop learn more or&nbsp;&nbsp; message us now this is where the click happens&nbsp; or it doesn't and 95% of people start here which&nbsp;&nbsp; is a mistake if your campaign and your ads set&nbsp; aren't right your creative will not save you now&nbsp;&nbsp; step three you're going to pick the right campaign&nbsp; objective so let's keep it simple if you pick the&nbsp;&nbsp; wrong campaign Facebook literally optimizes for&nbsp; the wrong people here's what I mean if you choose&nbsp;&nbsp; traffic as the objective Facebook will show your&nbsp; ad to people who are known clickers not buyers not&nbsp;&nbsp; message senders in fact they're probably less&nbsp; likely to click in fact they're probably less&nbsp;&nbsp; likely to buy than the average clicker because&nbsp; they're just clickers they're not clickers and&nbsp;&nbsp; buyers these people don't convert they're just&nbsp; curious scrollers here's a little cheat sheet&nbsp;&nbsp; for you if you want messages in your inbox you&nbsp; choose messages if you want to collect names and&nbsp;&nbsp; emails you choose leads if you want someone to buy&nbsp; something on your website you choose conversions&nbsp;&nbsp; if you want views on a real or a video you just&nbsp; choose video views but you got to know why you're&nbsp;&nbsp; doing that first so that's a really easy way to&nbsp; light your money on fire don't try to get clever&nbsp;&nbsp; don't overthink it just pick one that aligns&nbsp; with your goal now step four this is the anatomy&nbsp;&nbsp; of a killer offer don't skip this if your offer&nbsp; sucks your ad will suck doesn't matter how good&nbsp;&nbsp; the creative is once again your creative will not&nbsp; save you so here's what a good offer looks like&nbsp;&nbsp; you want a clear solution to a painful problem&nbsp; with a timeline and a path to action here's two&nbsp;&nbsp; examples here's a bad offer we offer expert HVAC&nbsp; services call today no too vague no timeline no&nbsp;&nbsp; hook throw it out here's a great offer your AC&nbsp; out we'll diagnose it in 60 minutes and fix it&nbsp;&nbsp; same day message us to book your time the second&nbsp; one sells because it solves a specific problem&nbsp;&nbsp; for a specific person and it sets expectations it&nbsp; gives them a reason to act now write this down the&nbsp;&nbsp; tighter the offer the better the ad will perform&nbsp; okay now step five avoid the boost post trap this&nbsp;&nbsp; deserves its own section never boost a post ever&nbsp; without exception boosting is Facebook's easy&nbsp;&nbsp; button for people who don't understand Ads Manager&nbsp; it gives you almost no control whatsoever over who&nbsp;&nbsp; sees the ad what goal you're optimizing for what&nbsp; your budget is actually doing it's like trying to&nbsp;&nbsp; run a marathon with rollerblades on your knees it&nbsp; looks like a shortcut but it'll wreck you always&nbsp;&nbsp; use Meta Ads Manager it gives you full control and&nbsp; once you understand it which you will by the end&nbsp;&nbsp; of video you'll never go back and step six you're&nbsp; going to build a strategic foundation before&nbsp;&nbsp; you ever click publish before you ever open Ads&nbsp; Manager answer these five questions who is this&nbsp;&nbsp; ad for two what problem do they have right now&nbsp; three what solution am I offering them four what&nbsp;&nbsp; proof do I have that I can deliver and five what&nbsp; is the one action I want them to take if you can't&nbsp;&nbsp; answer all five of these questions then don't run&nbsp; the ad this quick little 10-minute exercise will&nbsp;&nbsp; save you $1,000 in wasted ad spend all right step&nbsp; seven here's some real world examples from start&nbsp;&nbsp; to finish let's say I'm running Facebook ads for a&nbsp; local tree trimming company here's how I'd set it&nbsp;&nbsp; up campaign objective messages ad set the location&nbsp; is going to be 10 mile radius around McKenna Texas&nbsp;&nbsp; the age 30 to 65 plus the targeting homeowners&nbsp; no fancy interest needed the placement is going&nbsp;&nbsp; to be manual and then Facebook feed Instagram&nbsp; feed Instagram stories i don't want Facebook&nbsp;&nbsp; to show it anywhere it wants to show it i don't&nbsp; trust Facebook with this part of the system yet&nbsp;&nbsp; my budget's going to be 15 bucks a day now my&nbsp; ad creative once again creative is a fancy word&nbsp;&nbsp; for your picture or your video i'm going to do a&nbsp; before and after picture of a trimmed tree those&nbsp;&nbsp; sell here's the caption branches over your roof&nbsp; we'll trim clean and haul away in 24 hours get&nbsp;&nbsp; a free quote in 30 seconds no pressure just&nbsp; fast work headline: tree over your roof call&nbsp;&nbsp; to action send message remember home services&nbsp; you want the call to action to be send message&nbsp;&nbsp; this exact ad has gotten leads for under $5 for&nbsp; us if we go to Thumbtac to buy leads it costs over&nbsp;&nbsp; $50 and I've used variations of this for home&nbsp; service pros realtors HVAC even mobile dog&nbsp;&nbsp; groomers you don't need to be clever you need to&nbsp; be clear all right my final thoughts on part one&nbsp;&nbsp; this is the foundation that most people skip they&nbsp; rush into writing ads without understanding what&nbsp;&nbsp; they're actually telling Facebook to do that's&nbsp; like getting in a car and never checking the GPS&nbsp;&nbsp; remember when Michael Scott drove the car into the&nbsp; lake exactly here's your mantra for every ad you&nbsp;&nbsp; ever run goal is better than audience audience&nbsp; is better than creative in that order always if&nbsp;&nbsp; you get the strategy right Facebook ads become&nbsp; a cheat code if you don't you'll end up tweeting&nbsp;&nbsp; Facebook ads are dead like every other frustrated&nbsp; business owner they're not dead two we're going&nbsp;&nbsp; to build our first Facebook campaign step by&nbsp; step most people talk about Facebook ads like&nbsp;&nbsp; it's rocket science it's not but you do need&nbsp; to know what buttons to click and what traps&nbsp;&nbsp; to avoid this chapter is all about execution if&nbsp; you follow it word for word you'll have a fully&nbsp;&nbsp; functioning campaign live by the end of the day&nbsp; today it won't be perfect but it'll be running and&nbsp;&nbsp; that's more than 98% of people ever do so let's&nbsp; get into it step one open Meta Ads Manager don't&nbsp;&nbsp; boost a post don't use your business page use the&nbsp; real tool go to business.fas.com facebook.com and&nbsp;&nbsp; ask and access Meta Ads Manager this is where all&nbsp; the magic happens if it's your first time Facebook&nbsp;&nbsp; might walk you through a setup wizard you can skip&nbsp; most of it because you're listening or watching&nbsp;&nbsp; this you want to get to the dashboard where you&nbsp; can create a campaign set up an ad set and launch&nbsp;&nbsp; an ad if that sounds intimidating don't worry&nbsp; i'll walk you through each part step two create&nbsp;&nbsp; a new campaign click the green plus create button&nbsp; you'll get a list of campaign objectives here's&nbsp;&nbsp; how to choose the right one use this cheat sheet&nbsp; if you want to drive more sales on your website&nbsp;&nbsp; click sales if you want people to message you you&nbsp; click messages want to collect leads with a form&nbsp;&nbsp; you click leads you want views on a video click&nbsp; video views we kind of went over this on the last&nbsp;&nbsp; section if you want brand awareness wrong book&nbsp; close this tab let's say you're a local service&nbsp;&nbsp; provider or coach or a consultant start with&nbsp; messages you can switch to something more advanced&nbsp;&nbsp; later name your campaign something that makes&nbsp; sense i like this format service objective date&nbsp;&nbsp; here's an example tree trimming messages September&nbsp; 2025 then you click continue step three campaign&nbsp;&nbsp; settings most of these can stay default for now&nbsp; your campaign objectives is set to your choice&nbsp;&nbsp; like messages special ad categories leave this&nbsp; blank unless you're in real estate employment or&nbsp;&nbsp; credit ab test we'll talk about this later but for&nbsp; now you're going to skip it and advantage campaign&nbsp;&nbsp; budget leave that off for now now you're going&nbsp; to click next to move into the ads set level step&nbsp;&nbsp; four ads set this is the money layer this is where&nbsp; most of your success will come from and here's how&nbsp;&nbsp; to get it right number one conversion location&nbsp; if you choose messages set it to messaging apps&nbsp;&nbsp; number two daily budget start with $10 to $20 per&nbsp; day if you're nervous start with five bucks just&nbsp;&nbsp; know it's going to take even longer to learn&nbsp; what works and time is money step three start&nbsp;&nbsp; date that's going to be today no end date needed&nbsp; but keep an eye on it four is the audience this&nbsp;&nbsp; is where people get lost don't use Advantage&nbsp; Plus audience yet it used to be called broad&nbsp;&nbsp; targeting yes really if you're targeting locally&nbsp; that's already your targeting facebook knows&nbsp;&nbsp; who's likely to message businesses like yours if&nbsp; you still want more control use these settings&nbsp;&nbsp; location will be current city plus 10 to 15 mile&nbsp; radius age is going to be 28 to 65 plus because&nbsp;&nbsp; most conversions are coming from 30 plus year&nbsp; olds gender is going to be all unless you have&nbsp;&nbsp; a good reason to filter and on detailed targeting&nbsp; you're going to start broad you could add one or&nbsp;&nbsp; two interests if you must like home improvement&nbsp; or landscaping or small business owner for B2B&nbsp;&nbsp; services but just be careful facebook's algorithm&nbsp; does better with more room to optimize it wants to&nbsp;&nbsp; have control so narrow targeting usually hurts you&nbsp; more than it helps you and then number five is the&nbsp;&nbsp; placement you're going to click manual placements&nbsp; and uncheck everything except Facebook's feed&nbsp;&nbsp; Instagram's feed and Instagram stories facebook&nbsp; Marketplace I could give or take depending on the&nbsp;&nbsp; industry it often works pretty well for local&nbsp; businesses but avoid Messenger inbox instream&nbsp;&nbsp; video reels audience network etc these always&nbsp; drive cheap clicks but not conversions then&nbsp;&nbsp; you click next to get to the actual ad this is&nbsp; the most granular layer of the three-level set&nbsp;&nbsp; like we've talked about step five this is the ad&nbsp; creative this is what people see this is where&nbsp;&nbsp; most people spend way too much time and get too&nbsp; little in return so here's how to keep it tight&nbsp;&nbsp; and effective you want to make sure the correct&nbsp; Facebook page and Instagram account are selected&nbsp;&nbsp; this can get a little hairy on the format you&nbsp; want to choose a single image or a video don't use&nbsp;&nbsp; carousels yet cuz you don't know what you're doing&nbsp; same to be said with slideshow keep it simple then&nbsp;&nbsp; you upload the creative if you don't have a video&nbsp; just use a clean picture that matches what you're&nbsp;&nbsp; selling like a before and after if you can't get&nbsp; a good picture use your iPhone real photos almost&nbsp;&nbsp; always beat stock images and then your primary&nbsp; text that's your caption this is going to be the&nbsp;&nbsp; paragraph right above your image you're going&nbsp; to use this framework hook to problem problem&nbsp;&nbsp; to offer offer to call to action so for tree&nbsp; trimming it's going to be something like "Tired&nbsp;&nbsp; of that huge branch hanging over your house we'll&nbsp; trim clean and haul it away within 24 hours."&nbsp;&nbsp; Fast clean and no pressure message us to get&nbsp; started within 30 seconds speak directly be&nbsp;&nbsp; human solve a problem and then the headline this&nbsp; is the bold line right under the image you're&nbsp;&nbsp; going to keep it short tree over your roof get&nbsp; a quote in 30 seconds ac not cooling we'll fix&nbsp;&nbsp; it today and then the call to action button is&nbsp; going to be send message for a home service if&nbsp;&nbsp; you're pushing to a landing page just make it&nbsp; learn more then step six of this section you're&nbsp;&nbsp; going to review and you're going to publish and&nbsp; on the adset location and budget the targeting&nbsp;&nbsp; is going to be broad or advantage plus you're&nbsp; only running ads on feeds and stories this is&nbsp;&nbsp; stuff you're confirming right before you submit&nbsp; it you're going to make sure your creative is&nbsp;&nbsp; clear and connected to your offer and then you're&nbsp; going to click publish you're going to take a deep&nbsp;&nbsp; breath because you just launched your first ad&nbsp; campaign what happens next well after you publish&nbsp;&nbsp; Facebook is going to review your ad it usually&nbsp; takes less than 24 hours sometimes it can take&nbsp;&nbsp; longer and after it's approved your job is to not&nbsp; touch it i know it's tempting you want to tweak&nbsp;&nbsp; but unless something is obviously broken like a&nbsp; misspelling or a wrong photo don't change anything&nbsp;&nbsp; for 72 hours this is the learning phase it's&nbsp; literally what it's called so let the algorithm&nbsp;&nbsp; do its job and then step eight what you're going&nbsp; to expect here is if your offer is strong and your&nbsp;&nbsp; targeting is local you can likely expect to pay&nbsp; $2 to $6 per message the click-through rate will&nbsp;&nbsp; be about 1% or higher and you're going to get&nbsp; your first lead within one to two days now the&nbsp;&nbsp; quality of your messages is going to depend on&nbsp; your ad copy and who's running your pages inbox&nbsp;&nbsp; respond fast be human close the deal and step nine&nbsp; if you don't get results this is where most people&nbsp;&nbsp; quit don't here's how to troubleshoot if nobody&nbsp; clicks your ad your hook or your photo is weak&nbsp;&nbsp; so try something punchier a better line or a&nbsp; better image if people click but they're not&nbsp;&nbsp; messaging your call to action might be unclear&nbsp; so simplify the copy make the offer stronger and&nbsp;&nbsp; if people are messaging and you're not closing&nbsp; these deals then you got to improve your speed&nbsp;&nbsp; to respond even if you have to use a script you&nbsp; want to offer clear next steps time slot price&nbsp;&nbsp; phone call and then to wrap up part two here you&nbsp; just launch your first Facebook ad campaign that&nbsp;&nbsp; alone puts you ahead of most small business owners&nbsp; but we're not going to stop here you're going to&nbsp;&nbsp; get results yes but more importantly you're going&nbsp; to learn fast and the more you spend per day the&nbsp;&nbsp; faster you learn and after here we're going to&nbsp; get into testing optimization retargeting and&nbsp;&nbsp; scaling but don't skip ahead let the ad run let&nbsp; it collect data let it teach you every day it&nbsp;&nbsp; runs another data point then we'll tweak here's&nbsp; how to write ads that actually convert even if&nbsp;&nbsp; you're not a quote copywriter so here's the&nbsp; part that everyone overthinks writing the ad&nbsp;&nbsp; most people stare at the empty caption box like&nbsp; it's a term paper then they either ramble like&nbsp;&nbsp; a college essay or they try to write like a brand&nbsp; and both of those approaches kill result remember&nbsp;&nbsp; what I said you don't need to be cute you need to&nbsp; be clear because at the end of the day Facebook&nbsp;&nbsp; ads are a permission slip for someone to say "Yeah&nbsp; I'll take a closer look that's it." So let's break&nbsp;&nbsp; down exactly how to write high-erforming Facebook&nbsp; ad copy even if you've never written an ad in your&nbsp;&nbsp; life don't go buy a copywriting course step one&nbsp; know what you're actually writing you're writing&nbsp;&nbsp; for three things number one the scroll this is&nbsp; the hook will this stop the scroll will it stop&nbsp;&nbsp; someone in their tracks two you're writing for the&nbsp; skim the structure can they understand the offer&nbsp;&nbsp; without having to read every word and number&nbsp; three the third S the spark the action does it&nbsp;&nbsp; make them want to message you click or buy every&nbsp; part of your ad should serve one of those three&nbsp;&nbsp; goals all right now step two you're going to use&nbsp; this four-part framework because every ad I write&nbsp;&nbsp; has some version of this the hook the problem&nbsp; the offer the call to action so let's break it&nbsp;&nbsp; all down number one the hook the first line this&nbsp; is the scroll stopper hopefully if the first line&nbsp;&nbsp; is weak they're gone spend as much time on the&nbsp; first line as you spend on everything else if&nbsp;&nbsp; not more it should feel like something someone&nbsp; would want to say out loud one example could be&nbsp;&nbsp; "Tired of branches scratching your roof every time&nbsp; it storms?" Or "Your AC shouldn't take three hours&nbsp;&nbsp; to cool the house." Or "Your driveway should&nbsp; be powerwashed here's why." Or "What's under&nbsp;&nbsp; your carpet will make you cringe." All of these&nbsp; statements offer imagery and it gets the reader&nbsp;&nbsp; close to feeling something you're not trying to&nbsp; be poetic you're trying to wake someone up and&nbsp;&nbsp; never ever start your ad with something like "Hey&nbsp; Plano friends," or "We're a local family-owned&nbsp;&nbsp; business." Nobody cares they don't care about you&nbsp; yet so start with the pain point or the curiosity&nbsp;&nbsp; now you want to touch on the problem this is&nbsp; where you empathize you show them you understand&nbsp;&nbsp; for example we've all let our trees grow too long&nbsp; but when they start scraping the roof or blocking&nbsp;&nbsp; the sidewalk it becomes more than just a nuisance&nbsp; now think about it you're not pitching them yet&nbsp;&nbsp; you're relating to them two sentences max and now&nbsp; your offer this is where you tell them what you're&nbsp;&nbsp; actually going to do for them so be specific&nbsp; use numbers include a time frame make it low&nbsp;&nbsp; pressure for example we'll trim your trees clean&nbsp; the debris and haul it away usually same day our&nbsp;&nbsp; average job takes 90 minutes and quotes are always&nbsp; free use real numbers fast doesn't mean anything&nbsp;&nbsp; same day does and then your call to action tell&nbsp; them exactly what to do next a good call to action&nbsp;&nbsp; is something like "Message us for a quote in 30&nbsp; seconds or click send message to get a price right&nbsp;&nbsp; now or tap learn more to schedule your spot." A&nbsp; bad call to action contact us if interested visit&nbsp;&nbsp; our website let us know you're not asking you're&nbsp; directing and for step three of this section how&nbsp;&nbsp; long should your ad be here's the truth both&nbsp; short and long copy can work but the rule you&nbsp;&nbsp; want to use short copy when your photo does the&nbsp; selling photos say a thousand words right so let&nbsp;&nbsp; your photo do the work for you use longer copy&nbsp; when your service or offer needs more explanation&nbsp;&nbsp; here's an example of short copy ac out we'll fix&nbsp; it today message us now for fast service this&nbsp;&nbsp; works really great if your image shows the problem&nbsp; clearly like a broken unit or a tech in a uniform&nbsp;&nbsp; here's an example of long copy if your house takes&nbsp; more than 20 minutes to cool off something's wrong&nbsp;&nbsp; and your energy bill is probably suffering so&nbsp; we offer sameday diagnostics fix most issues in&nbsp;&nbsp; one visit and quotes are always free message us&nbsp; now to get on the schedule so you're using the&nbsp;&nbsp; longer copy when your service is less understood&nbsp; and remember you're trying to build trust here&nbsp;&nbsp; in a millisecond you're selling high ticket okay&nbsp; quick pause what if you had an employee who worked&nbsp;&nbsp; 24/7 answering leads building funnels tracking&nbsp; conversions and you didn't even have to pay them&nbsp;&nbsp; a salary well that's exactly what you get with&nbsp; Highle's new AI employee and right now they're&nbsp;&nbsp; giving you 30 days free as part of their summer&nbsp; of AI promo and after that it's just 97 bucks a&nbsp;&nbsp; month way less than you'd ever pay a human and it&nbsp; doesn't even ask for lunch breaks or vacation time&nbsp;&nbsp; so check out the link in the description below&nbsp; and let AI handle all the grind for you all right&nbsp;&nbsp; now step four of this section headlines that hook&nbsp; the headline is the bold line under the image it's&nbsp;&nbsp; short it's visible and it matters more than you&nbsp; think so here are some proven headline formats you&nbsp;&nbsp; can go for the problem first option trees blocking&nbsp; your driveway ac not cooling fast enough or you&nbsp;&nbsp; can go for the results focused option fixed in&nbsp; 90 minutes or less cleaner gutters in 24 hours&nbsp;&nbsp; or you can go with the offer forward option&nbsp; free estimates message now $25 off your first&nbsp;&nbsp; trim job the bad headlines sound like taglines&nbsp; excellence in every cut here for all your HVAC&nbsp;&nbsp; needs remember you're not branding here you're&nbsp; not Coca-Cola you're selling use plain language&nbsp;&nbsp; that implies value step five you want creative&nbsp; that converts even if you don't have a video&nbsp;&nbsp; team if you've got a great video use it but most&nbsp; of the time a strong photo is all that you need&nbsp;&nbsp; so here's what I consider to be the hierarchy of&nbsp; what works again this is the third time before&nbsp;&nbsp; and after photos always crush action shots you or&nbsp; your team work you're cutting down a tree faces&nbsp;&nbsp; work great they're relatable and selfie style&nbsp; shots always convert better than a polished&nbsp;&nbsp; stock photo product in use you want to show the&nbsp; result not the product you're selling the sizzle&nbsp;&nbsp; not the stake and on the graphics/ext overlays&nbsp; only mess with these if you know what you're doing&nbsp;&nbsp; and if you do know what you're doing then try to&nbsp; test with and without if you're just a beginner at&nbsp;&nbsp; this which you probably are and that's okay just&nbsp; take 10 photos on your iPhone pick the clearest&nbsp;&nbsp; one and run with it you can even upload all 10&nbsp; to ChatGpt and say which one is the clearest&nbsp;&nbsp; you'll make it prettier later but right now you&nbsp; need data and step six here's a few different&nbsp;&nbsp; ad examples that you can steal today i'm going&nbsp; to be a little redundant in this to drive the&nbsp;&nbsp; point home but stick with me please tired of&nbsp; branches over your roof we will trim clean up&nbsp;&nbsp; and haul it all away usually same day click send&nbsp; message to get your free quote now the headline&nbsp;&nbsp; for this one would be tree over your roof and the&nbsp; call to action would be send message now here's&nbsp;&nbsp; for a local cleaning service your home deserves&nbsp; more than a surface clean we deep clean kitchens&nbsp;&nbsp; bathrooms and common areas without harsh chemicals&nbsp; or rush service our team is vetted trusted and&nbsp;&nbsp; always on time message us to get your free quote&nbsp; in 30 seconds the headline for this one would be&nbsp;&nbsp; "Need a deeper clean?" And the call to action you&nbsp; guessed it send message here's about a dog groomer&nbsp;&nbsp; now here's what a dog groomer might use hate the&nbsp; trip to the groomer we come to you bath cut nails&nbsp;&nbsp; and more all in your driveway friendly team fair&nbsp; pricing and your dog stays calm and happy remember&nbsp;&nbsp; we're selling the result message now to schedule&nbsp; your pet's spa day and the headline would be "We&nbsp;&nbsp; come to you." The call to action you guessed it&nbsp; send message all right step seven on this section&nbsp;&nbsp; don't sound like a business sound like a person&nbsp; people buy from people not from corporations this&nbsp;&nbsp; is where most people blow it they write like this&nbsp; as a locallyowned and operated business we strive&nbsp;&nbsp; to provide top tier customer satisfaction with&nbsp; over 15 years of experience in Stop stop stop&nbsp;&nbsp; first of all you always want to use a fifth to&nbsp; seventh grade reading level okay nobody talks&nbsp;&nbsp; like that and nobody reads past the first line of&nbsp; that but you're spending money for that first line&nbsp;&nbsp; so instead write like this been in business 15&nbsp; years still show up on time both those sentences&nbsp;&nbsp; are five words long still return calls still clean&nbsp; up before we leave that's how we do it just feels&nbsp;&nbsp; different doesn't it that's how you want to&nbsp; sound and my final thoughts on part three this&nbsp;&nbsp; is the part that most people either overpolish or&nbsp; rush through you're going to do neither of those&nbsp;&nbsp; things your job is to speak clearly you're going&nbsp; to solve a problem and you're going to make the&nbsp;&nbsp; next step obvious facebook ads are not a writing&nbsp; contest this isn't high school they're a clarity&nbsp;&nbsp; contest so say less mean more use real words show&nbsp; real proof and most importantly write like a human&nbsp;&nbsp; who understands what your customer actually&nbsp; needs that's how you win okay part four we're&nbsp;&nbsp; getting through this testing and optimization&nbsp; here's what to do when your ad either flops or&nbsp;&nbsp; starts to work because launching a Facebook ad&nbsp; is not the finish line it's the starting line&nbsp;&nbsp; most people hit publish they stare at the screen&nbsp; for two days and then they start tweaking stuff&nbsp;&nbsp; with no plan they treat ads like slot machines&nbsp; they pull the lever they hope it hits you're&nbsp;&nbsp; not going to do that you're going to test with&nbsp; purpose you're going to watch the right numbers&nbsp;&nbsp; not all the numbers and when something works&nbsp; or doesn't you're going to know exactly what&nbsp;&nbsp; to change so let's get into it step one here's the&nbsp; 72-hour rule write this down do not touch your ad&nbsp;&nbsp; for 72 hours unless it's completely broken like&nbsp; the wrong photo a typo or it's rejected leave it&nbsp;&nbsp; alone facebook needs time to exit the learning&nbsp; phase that's when the algorithm is figuring out&nbsp;&nbsp; who your ideal customer is if you change anything&nbsp; major like the budget the creative or the audience&nbsp;&nbsp; you're going to reset the clock so let it learn&nbsp; step two understand the metrics that matter&nbsp;&nbsp; you'll see a dozen different metrics inside Ads&nbsp; Manager it's overwhelming i know most of them are&nbsp;&nbsp; just noise here are the five that do matter ctr&nbsp; click-through rate or choose the right how many&nbsp;&nbsp; people clicked your ad after seeing it good is&nbsp; going to be 1% or higher sometimes it can be much&nbsp;&nbsp; higher than this depending on the industry if it's&nbsp; under half a percent your hook or your image needs&nbsp;&nbsp; work so start there first number two CPC cost&nbsp; per click how much you're paying for a click or&nbsp;&nbsp; a message under $2 great under $1 very great once&nbsp; again this is industry dependent if you're selling&nbsp;&nbsp; legal services under $20 might be great if it's&nbsp; over three bucks all else equal something's going&nbsp;&nbsp; to be off it's usually going to be the creative&nbsp; or the targeting number three is the CPM the&nbsp;&nbsp; cost per mill the cost per thousand impressions or&nbsp; views this is your baseline and it's going to vary&nbsp;&nbsp; by industry 10 to 25 bucks is pretty typical for&nbsp; local service ads if it's super high like $40 plus&nbsp;&nbsp; then your targeting is probably too narrow then&nbsp; you've got your link clicks versus your landing&nbsp;&nbsp; page views this is only going to be relevant if&nbsp; you're sending traffic to a site if you have way&nbsp;&nbsp; more clicks than views your site is either slow&nbsp; or broken then you've got the rorowaz return on&nbsp;&nbsp; ad spend this is the north star especially for&nbsp; ecom and digital product sellers a $1 rorowaz&nbsp;&nbsp; means you're breaking even it means you're getting&nbsp; a dollar back for every dollar you spend but that&nbsp;&nbsp; doesn't account for your other overhead or cost so&nbsp; you're really losing money two to$4 means you're&nbsp;&nbsp; profitable and you could consider it a dollar or&nbsp; a multiplier i consider it a multiplier so if my&nbsp;&nbsp; rorowaz was four I would consider that 4x i get a&nbsp; four times return on every dollar I put in now for&nbsp;&nbsp; services you're probably tracking leads instead&nbsp; of net dollars gained but it's the same idea are&nbsp;&nbsp; you getting more than what you're spending and&nbsp; step three we're going to learn how to AB test&nbsp;&nbsp; like a grown-up because most people quote test&nbsp; by throwing up five different ads and hoping&nbsp;&nbsp; that one of them works that's not testing that's&nbsp; chaos you're going to be testing like a scientist&nbsp;&nbsp; so only test one variable at a time that's it one&nbsp; thing don't pull more than one lever at a time or&nbsp;&nbsp; you don't know what lever made the difference&nbsp; if you change your image your headline your&nbsp;&nbsp; targeting your call to action all at once and&nbsp; your performance improves great what did you&nbsp;&nbsp; do you have no way of replicating that you want&nbsp; clarity not chaos so here's what you're going to&nbsp;&nbsp; test in this order start with the most impactful&nbsp; the creative which is the image or the video this&nbsp;&nbsp; has the biggest impact on click-through rate test&nbsp; a photo against a video test two different styles&nbsp;&nbsp; maybe clean verse cluttered bright verse muted&nbsp; next you want to test the primary text or the&nbsp;&nbsp; caption try a new hook a short hook versus a long&nbsp; hook an offer verse curiosity then you could try&nbsp;&nbsp; testing the headline clarity versus urgency which&nbsp; would be something like free estimate today verse&nbsp;&nbsp; tree hanging over your house and then you can&nbsp; start messing around with the audience advantage&nbsp;&nbsp; plus verse custom targeting cold interest verse&nbsp; lookalike then you can test the placement feed&nbsp;&nbsp; only verse feed plus stories only change this once&nbsp; you have a winning ad because if the ad wins in&nbsp;&nbsp; one feed it'll probably win in another and then&nbsp; you can think about testing the objective this is&nbsp;&nbsp; if you're stuck if messageages isn't working try&nbsp; leads if leads isn't working try conversions just&nbsp;&nbsp; know that every time you switch this it's going&nbsp; to reset the learning now if you want to run&nbsp;&nbsp; a true AB test the first option is to use Meta's&nbsp; built-in AB testing tool which you can find under&nbsp;&nbsp; the experiments tab and the next option is to just&nbsp; do it manually duplicate the adset and change one&nbsp;&nbsp; of the variables remember one of the variables&nbsp; split the budget evenly between the two let both&nbsp;&nbsp; of them run for 3 to 5 days keep the winner kill&nbsp; the loser rinse and repeat all right step four&nbsp;&nbsp; of this section here's what to do when your ad&nbsp; isn't working so we're going to break down these&nbsp;&nbsp; scenarios to know what to fix here's what to do&nbsp; when nobody is clicking number one again check the&nbsp;&nbsp; image first then strengthen the hook then make the&nbsp; offer tighter more specific then shorten the copy&nbsp;&nbsp; if people are clicking but they're not messaging&nbsp; or buying your landing page is probably garbage&nbsp;&nbsp; or your call to action is probably unclear now if&nbsp; people are messaging you but you're not closing&nbsp;&nbsp; you're probably too slow to reply or maybe your&nbsp; prices are too high maybe you sound like a robot&nbsp;&nbsp; in your replies maybe you're not answering their&nbsp; core question maybe you're just sticking to the&nbsp;&nbsp; script too much now if you're getting clicks but&nbsp; they're too expensive then try broader targeting&nbsp;&nbsp; or change your image believe it or not ugly real&nbsp; photos often outperform clean Canva graphics you&nbsp;&nbsp; can test shorter copy you can switch from desktop&nbsp; to mobile placements only all right now step five&nbsp;&nbsp; this is retargeting 101 once you've had a few&nbsp; hundred clicks or messages it's time to build&nbsp;&nbsp; your second ad this one is for warm traffic people&nbsp; who saw your ad or visited your site but never&nbsp;&nbsp; converted and here's why retargeting works people&nbsp; get distracted there's a lot of competition for&nbsp;&nbsp; attention nowadays they don't trust you yet they&nbsp; need to see you twice or 20 times before they ever&nbsp;&nbsp; buy here's a good example of a retargeting ad hey&nbsp; saw you checking us out but didn't message if you&nbsp;&nbsp; still got that big branch hanging over your roof&nbsp; we're ready when you are don't forget we'll trim&nbsp;&nbsp; it clean it up and be gone in 90 minutes and&nbsp; you're going to only show this ad to people who&nbsp;&nbsp; interacted but didn't end up messaging you you can&nbsp; also show it to people that viewed your Instagram&nbsp;&nbsp; profile or people that engaged with your website&nbsp; or people that went to your website but never did&nbsp;&nbsp; anything the budget you set on a retargeting ad&nbsp; is going to be low $3 to5 a day it's just going&nbsp;&nbsp; to run quietly in the background okay step six now&nbsp; we're going to talk about your creative rotation&nbsp;&nbsp; and ad fatigue because even the best ads will burn&nbsp; out here's how you know your click-through rate&nbsp;&nbsp; drops or your cost per click starts rising you've&nbsp; seen this ad six times in a week yeah it's going&nbsp;&nbsp; to get stale so what do you do swap the copy keep&nbsp; the image just don't kill the entire thing tweak&nbsp;&nbsp; one thing remember pull one lever at a time you&nbsp; want to refresh creatives every two to three weeks&nbsp;&nbsp; depending on how big your budget is just use the&nbsp; data don't get emotional about it and step seven&nbsp;&nbsp; here's what to scale and when to scale let's say&nbsp; you've tested you've got a winner now what don't&nbsp;&nbsp; double your budget overnight people do this all&nbsp; the time that kills the learning phase you want&nbsp;&nbsp; to scale slowly increase your budget by like 20 to&nbsp; 30% every 3 to 4 days or you could just duplicate&nbsp;&nbsp; the adset and assign a higher budget to the new&nbsp; one and then once again 72 hours watch the results&nbsp;&nbsp; before scaling again and only scale ads that are&nbsp; profitable getting consistent results not showing&nbsp;&nbsp; signs of fatigue and once you've scaled the ad&nbsp; start testing new audiences with the same winning&nbsp;&nbsp; creative or you could test new creatives with your&nbsp; winning audience keep that flywheel going baby&nbsp;&nbsp; and to wrap up part four here testing is how you&nbsp; stop guessing you're not here to be creative for&nbsp;&nbsp; the sake of it you're here to get results so run&nbsp; clean tests watch real metrics and optimize with&nbsp;&nbsp; intention scale what works kill what doesn't and&nbsp; do it all over again this is where the beginners&nbsp;&nbsp; become pros it's the ones who treat Facebook&nbsp; ads like a system not a slot machine those are&nbsp;&nbsp; the guys who win okay part five we're going to&nbsp; get into scaling and automation how to go from&nbsp;&nbsp; $10 a day to $500 a day or $5,000 a day without&nbsp; everything breaking so in parts one through four&nbsp;&nbsp; you got your ad off the ground part five is&nbsp; what gets it flying this is the part where&nbsp;&nbsp; the I boosted a post and got nothing crowd starts&nbsp; to fade and and you start building real leverage&nbsp;&nbsp; you've launched you've tested you found something&nbsp; that works now it's time to scale so let's talk&nbsp;&nbsp; about real quick how to spend more money without&nbsp; ruining your results because that's one of the&nbsp;&nbsp; hardest things even for the most adept agency&nbsp; owners and also let's talk about how to optimate&nbsp;&nbsp; the backend so you're not glued to your inbox or&nbsp; your screen 24/7 step one here's how to know when&nbsp;&nbsp; you're ready to scale don't scale just because&nbsp; you're bored don't scale just because it's been&nbsp;&nbsp; 72 hours you're going to scale when you've got&nbsp; repeatable proof and here's what that looks like&nbsp;&nbsp; your click-through rates above 1% your cost per&nbsp; lead or message is profitable results have been&nbsp;&nbsp; consistent for at least 5 to seven days you're&nbsp; getting actual customers not just engagement not&nbsp;&nbsp; just clicks and if all four of these things are&nbsp; true you're going to be ready step two here's how&nbsp;&nbsp; to scale without killing your ad again scaling&nbsp; too fast is one of the most common ways to break&nbsp;&nbsp; a good ad so here's your two options number one&nbsp; you can scale slow and steady you can increase&nbsp;&nbsp; your daily budget by 20 to 30% every 3 days you'll&nbsp; monitor your performance closely if your metrics&nbsp;&nbsp; hold steady or improve then you repeat if they&nbsp; fall apart then scale back to the last stable&nbsp;&nbsp; number that you experienced this is the safe path&nbsp; but it takes more time option two is to duplicate&nbsp;&nbsp; and scale duplicate your winning ad set again you&nbsp; might risk showing the same ads to the same people&nbsp;&nbsp; and Facebook not accounting for that properly&nbsp; you'll want to assign a higher daily budget to the&nbsp;&nbsp; new one the new ad which will be like two to three&nbsp; times the original budget and leave the original&nbsp;&nbsp; untouched let both of them run at the same time&nbsp; and see which performs better this gives you speed&nbsp;&nbsp; with a safety net and if the scaled version tanks&nbsp; you still have the original chugging along and you&nbsp;&nbsp; don't want to scale your creative that's over&nbsp; three weeks old ads fatigue rotate the creative&nbsp;&nbsp; first and then scale all right now step three this&nbsp; is what I call the scaling framework you're going&nbsp;&nbsp; to use this to decide how aggressively you want to&nbsp; scale if your daily spend is $5 to $20 then your&nbsp;&nbsp; scaling strategy should be to test and gather data&nbsp; and run it for 7 days if your daily spend is 20 to&nbsp;&nbsp; $200 then optimize your creative and targeting&nbsp; and begin to scale slowly if your daily spend&nbsp;&nbsp; is $100 to $250 then duplicate winners and expand&nbsp; to new audiences and if your daily spend is $250&nbsp;&nbsp; to 500 then layer in retargeting which we just&nbsp; talked about add in new offers and rotate your&nbsp;&nbsp; creatives every week so scaling isn't just about&nbsp; the budget it's also about multiplying what's&nbsp;&nbsp; already working more money only works when your&nbsp; system is solid and step four here's how you're&nbsp;&nbsp; going to automate your lead handling so you don't&nbsp; burn out because scaling your ad is useless if you&nbsp;&nbsp; can't keep up with all the leads and many people&nbsp; get overwhelmed they get too many messages they&nbsp;&nbsp; forget to follow up they have slow response times&nbsp; and the leads go cold so you need a system here's&nbsp;&nbsp; my three-part lead handling stack number one&nbsp; autorely this is within Messenger or Instagram&nbsp;&nbsp; meta has these built-in tools to set up an instant&nbsp; reply such as "Hey got your message we'll get back&nbsp;&nbsp; to you ASAP but if it's urgent call us you want&nbsp; to buy yourself time and set expectations number&nbsp;&nbsp; two is a CRM or a lead tracker like high level at&nbsp; a bare minimum use a Google sheet you just want&nbsp;&nbsp; to get their name the contact info and the date&nbsp; contacted and the status are they booked closed&nbsp;&nbsp; are they in progress or what and you're going to&nbsp; update this every day no excuses better yet just&nbsp;&nbsp; use High Level to make this easy you can get a&nbsp; big discount with it at the link in the show notes&nbsp;&nbsp; especially if you have multiple leads per day in&nbsp; part three of my three-part lead handling stack&nbsp;&nbsp; you need templates for fast replies so write out&nbsp; five to 10 of the most common replies in advance&nbsp;&nbsp; replies to things such as price time slots scope&nbsp; of work let me talk to my spouse people asking&nbsp;&nbsp; for testimonials etc store these replies in a&nbsp; Google doc and copy paste them as needed this is&nbsp;&nbsp; going to be your first step at removing yourself&nbsp; from the inbox okay step five you are going to&nbsp;&nbsp; automate your adfunnel without having to hire a&nbsp; team here's how to build an ad funnel that runs&nbsp;&nbsp; like a machine start with a primary ad this is&nbsp; your cold ad it runs to new people every day top&nbsp;&nbsp; of funnel your objective is going to be messages&nbsp; or leads your budget $ 20 to $100 a day and your&nbsp;&nbsp; audience is going to be a broad or a lookalike&nbsp; audience then you're going to add a retargeting&nbsp;&nbsp; layer this ad only runs to people who have already&nbsp; seen or interacted with your original ad your&nbsp;&nbsp; objective on this one is going to be conversions&nbsp; or messages and your budget is going to be $3 to&nbsp;&nbsp; $10 a day and then your audience is going to&nbsp; be a custom audience of website visitors or&nbsp;&nbsp; ad engagers video viewers etc the creative for&nbsp; these ads is going to be even more personal more&nbsp;&nbsp; urgency because these people have already engaged&nbsp; with you before something like "Still thinking&nbsp;&nbsp; about getting your trees trimmed we've got three&nbsp; open slots this week message now to claim one."&nbsp;&nbsp; And then this one's optional you want to add a&nbsp; nurture layer this is going to be a follow-up&nbsp;&nbsp; ad that targets people 7 to 10 days later with&nbsp; valuable content testimonials or education so you&nbsp;&nbsp; can stay top of mind you need them to see you more&nbsp; than once cuz they're going to convert on their&nbsp;&nbsp; own schedule not yours and then step six is going&nbsp; to help you track what actually matters now that&nbsp;&nbsp; you're spending real money you need to track like&nbsp; a real business at a minimum use a Google sheet&nbsp;&nbsp; to track daily spend leads generated cost per&nbsp; lead sales made and revenue collected all right&nbsp;&nbsp; now for step seven here's what scaling actually&nbsp; looks like with real examples example one your&nbsp;&nbsp; local HVAC company you start at 10 bucks a day you&nbsp; ran one message ad for same day diagnostics and&nbsp;&nbsp; within 10 days you dropped your cost per lead to&nbsp; $3 then you scaled to $60 a day you hired a second&nbsp;&nbsp; tech and you're cranking example two you're an&nbsp; online course you started with a lead ad that was&nbsp;&nbsp; $15 a day you built an email list with a free&nbsp; guide you retargeted leads with a $97 offer&nbsp;&nbsp; and then you scaled your ad spend to $200 a day&nbsp; example three my personal favorite tree trimming&nbsp;&nbsp; side hustle so you ran a single before and after&nbsp; image ad to messages you started with $5 a day&nbsp;&nbsp; budget and you booked four jobs in your first week&nbsp; now you scale to $40 a day you've got two crews&nbsp;&nbsp; running full-time none of these examples are fancy&nbsp; but they're realistic and they're dialed in my&nbsp;&nbsp; final thoughts on part five scaling is not magic&nbsp; it's math if you can turn $20 into $200 then turn&nbsp;&nbsp; 40 into 400 but only if you can keep up with the&nbsp; demand only if you've got a good system in place&nbsp;&nbsp; and only if you know what you're tracking because&nbsp; the difference between an ad that makes you $200&nbsp;&nbsp; and an ad that makes you $20,000 is execution and&nbsp; repetition so keep your foot on the gas but don't&nbsp;&nbsp; press any harder until the wheels are straight all&nbsp; right if you've made it this far you're not a noob&nbsp;&nbsp; anymore you're dangerous now but I promised I'd&nbsp; give you my favorite shortcuts this is the stuff&nbsp;&nbsp; that shaves off weeks of your learning and most&nbsp; importantly it gets you to profitability faster&nbsp;&nbsp; so let's get into it shortcut number one stalk&nbsp; the winners go to the meta ads library google&nbsp;&nbsp; it search for your competitors sort by active&nbsp; ads scroll through and ask are they running&nbsp;&nbsp; video or static what are their headlines look&nbsp; like filter these ads by active date if you can&nbsp;&nbsp; find an ad for your from your competitor that's&nbsp; been running for months that ad is a killer copy&nbsp;&nbsp; it are they using long copy or short what kind of&nbsp; hook are they using what kind of image if they're&nbsp;&nbsp; spending money on it right now and they seem like&nbsp; a sophisticated competitor it's probably working&nbsp;&nbsp; shortcut number two the comment trap if you don't&nbsp; have social proof fake it run what's called a PP&nbsp;&nbsp; campaign which is post purchase engagement this is&nbsp; the best way to warm up you're going to run this&nbsp;&nbsp; campaign to your best warm audience people like&nbsp; friends past buyers followers commenters engagers&nbsp;&nbsp; then you're going to take the post ID from this ad&nbsp; and reuse it in your cold campaigns now it looks&nbsp;&nbsp; like a hot ad there's social proof there's&nbsp; comments there's likes shortcut number three&nbsp;&nbsp; you're going to duplicate the winners and fast&nbsp; the second you see an ad perform above average&nbsp;&nbsp; duplicate it change one thing a new hook a new&nbsp; thumbnail new headline don't wait for 5 days&nbsp;&nbsp; of data scale horizontally because the winners&nbsp; fade fast shortcut number four if you don't have&nbsp;&nbsp; creative then use testimonials ask three customers&nbsp; to record a 15-second video about your product or&nbsp;&nbsp; their experience it's got to be vertical it's got&nbsp; to have bad lighting i'm telling you for whatever&nbsp;&nbsp; reason these perform better authenticity wins&nbsp; every time you're going to use these as reals or&nbsp;&nbsp; story ads they're cheap they're fast they're high&nbsp; trust shortcut number five you're going to skip&nbsp;&nbsp; all those expensive testing platforms you may have&nbsp; heard about you don't need highros or triple whale&nbsp;&nbsp; or post-purchase surveys when you're starting&nbsp; up just keep it simple run three ads look at the&nbsp;&nbsp; click-through rate the CPM and the comments you'll&nbsp; know if it's good or not so don't overthink it&nbsp;&nbsp; you can also take your existing audience and run&nbsp; interest mining tests these are going to be DMs a&nbsp;&nbsp; poll or a survey even if just in your Instagram&nbsp; story stuff like "What's your biggest struggle&nbsp;&nbsp; right now and then if people vote on it DM them&nbsp; and ask more specifics about why they voted you're&nbsp;&nbsp; going to screenshot their answers and use that&nbsp; exact language in your ad copy now you know you're&nbsp;&nbsp; getting to the heart of the problems your copy now&nbsp; speaks like your market because it is your market&nbsp;&nbsp; shortcut number six you're going to run your ad&nbsp; scripts as tweets this is a little wild but before&nbsp;&nbsp; you spend a dollar on a video ad post the hook&nbsp; or headline as a tweet or an Instagram caption&nbsp;&nbsp; so you run these ads organically to test if it&nbsp; performs well organically it'll likely perform&nbsp;&nbsp; well in the paid if it flops you save money you&nbsp; can delete it if it pops you got a winning angle&nbsp;&nbsp; before you even launch and the last one this is&nbsp; my favorite sell it before you build it run ads&nbsp;&nbsp; for an idea before you even have the product make&nbsp; a page use lovable or card to build a landing page&nbsp;&nbsp; take pre-orders collect emails if no one clicks&nbsp; you learn for cheap if you get orders but you&nbsp;&nbsp; can't fulfill refund them you at least have proof&nbsp; at that point that's it i mean you're pretty close&nbsp;&nbsp; to being an expert now there's no fluff this isn't&nbsp; theory this is what I've done it works so go run&nbsp;&nbsp; an ad and if you get stuck watch this all over&nbsp; again because everything is figure outable please&nbsp;&nbsp; subscribe if you like this content share with a&nbsp; friend and check out my newsletter at tkopod.com

  Top Comments:
  1. @thekoerneroffice [28 likes]: Check out my newsletter at https://TKOPOD.com and join my private community for people serious about building businesses with FB ads at https://TKOwners.com featuring weekly live AMAs with me!

Thanks for watching!
  2. @PVerne88 [2 likes]: Excellent training!  Thank you.  Clear.  Concise.  Great content!
  3. @simonsanud4140 [1 likes]: Wow. So eloquent and to the point. I found this easy to follow. Thank you!
  4. @amandautah [1 likes]: Someone needs to create a hook generator..for people like me. I second guess wayyyy too much. 
This video is so helpful Chris. I
  5. @ChosenHomeImprovement: Used this method to a t for our decking company. Brought in $12K in sales the first month and $52K the second month. Only spending $200-400 per month. This is working and it's so simple. Thank you for this video @thekoerneroffice
  6. @manoja.g.-hf3xs: Your video is good but ad creation could have been explained by showing it live rather than telling "click on the green button" etc.
  7. @lindsaysmith4486: What if you're trying to sell gifts though. Not really a problem. Not - I have trees I need cut down. Not, I have a hornets nest. More like here's a great gift for your grandson's next birthday.
  8. @HijodeIlegalOficial: I ran a campaign for ticket sales: invested $82 and made $525. On my way to duplicating the campaign.
  9. @kellybelcher-y4u: Why not use my business page?
  10. @familyrvwanderingfree1702: I tried sending out a facebook add and didn’t find anything on options for radius or demographics I was going through it then I thought the options would eventually show up so I kept going forward then it informed me my add was posted it went nationwide instead of the county I was trying to target
  11. @tatianadiclaudio: god bless you boy
  12. @OhHappyDayz0011: 🏆 🏆 🏆
  13. @kayregan4865: Exactly what i expected it to be but you did say it was for "beginners".  At what stage do you tell everyone here that meta claims sales from everywhere and hardly ever do they actually achieve that sale.   Then what about the "projected sales" that meta now insist on  and so proud of these days?  And CPA - does this matter in your world?  It matters greatly if you product costs $30 but your cost per aquisition is sitting at $100+??  .  Great you took the time for this but honestly you are not leading people astray here.  Cheers.
  14. @tonyhopkins2774: Thank You. Amazing education
  15. @Fiorrikaofficial: This information costs thousands of dollars - thank you bro
  16. @smiless101: Why there is no computer screen showing ?!!! This something needs to be explained practically
  17. @stephenwillis9721: Great video, very informative
  18. @SuperRomanHoliday: 20 mins in I realised you were not doing a walkthrough, so gave up. If this is something you want us to pay for, tell us, I would pay £10 for a through step by step walkhtru
  19. @patrickhooker5697: 6 outa 10
  20. @PatrickSealant: Facebook is completely saturated with ads and fake accounts. Plus, they're steadily losing users. 😑

- High-Performing Facebook Ad Campaigns | IRPR.AGENCY: Kind: captions Language: en In a digital landscape crowded with noise, IRPR Agency helps you master the art of Facebook ad campaigns to truly transform your brand’s presence. We combine expert precision with strategic insight to ensure your message reaches the exact audience needed to drive significant results. Our expertise lies in deep precision targeting, utilizing advanced techniques that guarantee maximum engagement and a superior return on investment. By leveraging comprehensive analytics, we craft data-driven strategies that align perfectly with your unique business goals. Our creative team designs visually stunning content that captures attention instantly, while our commitment to continuous performance monitoring ensures your digital growth never plateaus. We craft narratives that genuinely resonate with your audience, boosting loyalty and conversion, all while providing detailed reporting with actionable insights for ongoing improvement. You can explore our proven success stories to see how these campaigns deliver outstanding, measurable outcomes for brands just like yours. Experience unparalleled success as we tailor every element to elevate your position in the market. If you have questions about how a campaign benefits your business, why our agency stands out, or how we optimize for complex, large scale needs, our frequently asked questions cover the foundation of our effective, results-oriented approach. Whether seeking deep audience insights or high-converting creative, we provide the clarity and expertise necessary to scale. Reach out to the team at IRPR Agency to start your journey toward greater digital influence and see the impact of professional precision today. Your brand deserves the expert touch of IRPR Agency.

- The Only Facebook Ads Tutorial You Need for 2025: Kind: captions Language: en Stop running Facebook ads until you do this. I've managed over a billion dollars in Facebook ad spend over the last 5 years, and I've developed a system to run profitable Facebook ad campaigns with any budget, whether it's spending $100 or $10,000 a day. If you're not using the system, you're losing money every day on your ads. So, I'm going to reveal it to you so that way you can scale your Facebook ads without having to guess or waste money. First, you need to fix this before you even touch your Facebook ads. You need to first have a really good compelling offer. When you have a really good compelling offer, the algorithm works harder for you. And without it, your CPM skyrocket and your CTR stank. Everyone's running Facebook ads, including your competition. But what separates you from them? Is it your creative? A lot of people can modify their creative. Is it how you're running your ads? Eventually, people learn the tricks out there. But if you don't have a really compelling offer that's better than your competition, it's harder to get really cheap CPMs and get your CTRs to skyrocket. Strong offers solve one urgent problem. When you're trying to create a good offer, you need to think about how you can solve one urgent problem. You need to highlight outcomes, not features, and differentiate with a unique value proposition. A killer offer makes everything cheaper and easier because it gives Meta's AI a clear reason to find your ideal buyer. Next, do this to copy winning ads to give yourself a head start. There's something called Meta Ad Library, and you can use this to search competitor brands. It identifies longunning ads and analyzes their hooks, angles, and messaging. All you have to do is just look that, click play, and you can see what's working for them. The longer the ad's been running, that means there's a higher probability that the ad is generating a positive ROI. Because why would companies keep spending money if an ad is losing them a ton of cash? And you want to do this for not one competitor, but ideally three or more competitors. And that way, you can figure out what's working for people in your space and what's not. This way, you can stop guessing, and that way you'll start generating conversions way quicker with your ads versus throwing up a lot of duds. What I like doing is remixing proven formats. And this gives you a head start and saves thousands of wasted dollars on testing. So, I'll take what's working for competitor A, what's working for competitor B, and what's working for competitor C. I then take the best parts and it gives me ideas on what I should do within my own Facebook ad to generate the sales. Create your ads like this if you want them to work forever. There's a proven three-part ad formula that I love using: hook, value, and CTA. When I film ads, I film multiple versions of each part. So, multiple versions of the hook, multiple versions of the value, which is mainly the body, and multiple versions of the call to action. That way, I can see which elements are working the best. See, meta punishes stale creatives. Eventually, you have audience fatigue, and you'll notice that the costs go up. When you have multiple variations, what you find is not only does it help protect your performance, it keeps your CPMs down overall. So, I like creating three to five hooks per ad, two to three bodies, and several CTAs. And then I remix them weekly. And Meta also finds a winning version through AV testing. I then take that data based on what's working for Meta, and it gives me ideas on the hooks people prefer within my industry and what they don't. So that way, I can create more of the stuff that's converting well and less of the stuff that's not converting as well. Try these trending ad formats that often outperform traditional Facebook ads to get ahead. Look, raw lowfi content like Tik Tok style clips or selfie videos or behindthe-scenes footage often outperforms highly produced ads. Look, polished ads feel salesy and UGC feels native and natural and it earns trust because people feel that it's authentic. You can use a mix of UGC carousel mini stories and emotionled graphics to win in the feed without looking like traditional ads. Most people are sabotaging the Facebook ads before they even launch because they aren't doing this. Meta wants you to stop using outdated interest stacks and instead rely on AI to optimize based on conversion data from your pixel. Pixels track browser activity, but iOS 14 plus blocks much of that, crippling your results unless you fix it. And when you install both Facebook pixel and conversion API, it's crucial for server side tracking and allows Meta to learn exactly who's buying. Finally, if you don't implement this, your ads won't target the right people. You need to understand something called pixel conditioning. You want clear conversion data that teaches Meta's AI to optimize harder and faster. When Meta sees conversions, real purchases, real leads, it aggressively hunts for more just like them. But bad or missing data trains the system in the wrong direction. High converting Facebook campaigns aren't about hacks. They're about feeding the algorithm with what it needs to scale smartly and profitably. And if you really want to do those funny, highly produced videos, kind of like Squatty Potty or the one that great marketing.ai has where the two people dress up as Mario and Luigi. You could do that. And it's worked really well for many businesses like Squatty Potty or Lumi, the deodorant company. You can end up doing that, but you got to get clever. And a lot of times those videos don't actually convert. So you'll spend a lot of money and most of the times you end up wasting it. But sometimes when you find a hit, like the Mario and Luigi video, it can work really well and boost your conversions. And another bonus tip, if you want your ads to convert better, what we found is people who have a strong personal brand that are in the ads tend to see better CTAs and lower cost to acquire a customer. And if you want to build a personal brand, check out this video that I created that teaches how I built a $10 million personal

  Top Comments:
  1. @onlineentrepreneur8530 [1 likes]: A 5 min video is a full course? This guys the ultimate king of clickbait
  2. @EshalFatima-e3h: Super informative video, your explanation of Facebook ads strategy is simple, clear, and very useful for beginners trying to grow online.
  3. @nobodyjourney: Nothing new just a lot of edit and animation
  4. @AdSevenLab7: The 'Creative is the new Targeting' shift is real. A strong Hook-Value-CTA framework often outperforms complex interest stacks nowadays. It's all about making the AI's job easier by providing high-intent assets that lower the friction for the end user."
  5. @PainSolutionsByGenKeating: So ye, can I just pay you to do this for me 😂
  6. @ComunicaBest_ia: It is not a tutorial, lol.
  7. @דבבייקר: anoyng ai avatr
  8. @rohitm-q2v: Such a disgusting video edited, can't watch 1 min. irritating and distracting the mind
  9. @aodehodeh7045: There is excessive exaggeration and pressure from marketers to rely on Facebook Ads. I do not want to become overly dependent on Facebook, as it is largely a waste of money. Facebook advertising has become very expensive and inefficient for marketing
  10. @IbrahimMohammed-g2w: Best
  11. @SimonRichardson-gf7zb: Clear and understandable, I wish there was more information like this.
  12. @WhimsyAlchemy: Slowed playback speed
  13. @TEEMAY_NI: This edit is madly good i couldn’t focus in the main reason i came here. 😮😮
  14. @smartihuoma: bro said a whole lot of nothing
  15. @alexi415: I feel like I'm on Adderall when I watch this video😵‍💫
  16. @deedeebereal: Great video! Thanks for sharing!🤗
  17. @kashifaslam4605: Your lighting needs to be be worked on. Using cheap lighting to create this may views , good job.
  18. @aae2356: Someone needs to tell you that this background effect is rubbish. We just want to know how to set up our ad. We don’t need all this too much talking and not doing anything. That’s not how to teach people. Trust me, no one can comprehend all these flashing of things and then all your face coming out. Take us into the Facebook page itself and explain it. No one wants to see your face.
  19. @ch9osx96: This dude is the biggest noob he is popular just because he was an early mover.
  20. @juliecorcoran5738: How do you get into ai meta library?

- Why Static Ads Are CRUSHING Video Ads in 2026 (6x ROAS): Kind: captions Language: en I've studied hundreds of ancient marketing directives, searching for hidden knowledge, forgotten knowledge. Okay? I duck into the work of godfathers like David Ogilby, Gary Halbbert, Joe Sugarman, the guys who were generating millions before Facebook ads even existed. Back when advertising lived in newspapers, magazines, and direct mail. And yeah, there I found it. I found one method. Okay. A method that's outperforming our video ads right now. a method that's getting us a 6x return on ad spend or cold traffic. A method that's absolutely cooking for our clients right now. It's called outcome driven static ads. Yes, sir. And in this video, I will show you exactly what outcome driven static ads are and how they will put you ahead of 90% of your competitors. Let's get into it. Yeah, I got to admit I was never the biggest fan of static ads, but I got proven so wrong. And the reason for that is I didn't know how a good looking static actually looked like. And after learning it, we now actually see statics consistently outperforming our video ads across four different clients in four completely different niches. We every single time we follow this exact static ad formula and we simply copy the idea and we copy the winning static and at the end of this video I will show you the winning static. Okay, I've got a bunch of statics here prepared and I will show you which of these is the winner that you can simply copy and plug into your campaigns. Okay, with the same messaging, we've literally copied the static out and it has absolutely crushed across four different clients and four different niches. And as you can see, statics right now are booking us calls for um around $124 while videos are booking them for $400 or sometimes for $200, right? But statics are nearly 2.6 times more effective and get us a 2.6x higher row. As you can see for another client, it's 2.3x. Static is more efficient per call than video. Same show, half the CPR. Okay, so the leads and so many people say statics only attract lowquality leads. No, guys, it's your messaging. Okay, our leads are higher quality than the leads that come from the videos. As you can see, this one here is the static campaign, lower cost than the video campaign. As you can see, another one, static webinar, lower cost. Okay, it's absolutely ripping. Um, another one complete registration static and this is videos. Okay, video is $2 more expensive than the static campaign. So statics are absolutely killing it right now. I I I've tested it across so many different clients always the exact same thing. When we follow this formula, it's ripping. So I want to give this knowledge to you as well in this video. Okay. So I just want you to internalize what I just want you to visualize what this actually means for you and means for your campaigns. So let's say our videos right now got a 3.1x on our campaigns. Okay, we are profitable on the videos obviously, right? But after launching these static campaigns and we first started with 20 to 30% of the budget, but now we shifting more than 50% of the entire campaign budgets on these statics because they so much more effective. Okay. And as you can see, our row is then when we um multiply this times 2.6 is 8 uh 8.06 on an overall statics row. Okay. So 8x row is on the static campaign. So let's say we put $10,000 in the video campaign, we would get $31,000 out, but with the static campaign, we're getting $80,000 out for every dollar that we for $10,000 that we put in the static campaigns. This is a massive massive massive massive difference of 50K. Okay, I'm not saying this will work for you as well. Um, I'm not saying this is this way for each of our clients, but as you can see, it definitely works once you found the winning messaging. And obviously for the statics, you need to iterate. You need to see which is the winning messaging for you. And when the statics are performing better, double down on it. We double down on it right now because they're performing better than our videos. Why shouldn't we, right? And we would hate money if we didn't. So when you also think about the return on investment time, and this is a huge, it's time and money, guys. This is a huge huge huge huge reason. Another huge reason for running static ads like with videos, okay, I see this it like when I'm scripting the ad, okay, I script the ad for my client. It takes me I don't know 10 one day, let's say one day scripting scripting 20 30 ads, okay, then I send these ads over to our clients um to to record them. The clients might be doing some stuff. They not always uh they obviously also run their business. So it takes a client on average two to three days um when we talk about 30 ads it takes them maybe four days or three days to get everything rolling. Okay. Then we need to send it to the editors. The editors depending on the ads if they should be highly edited or not. Mostly we don't do highly edited ads because we see the content native ads perform better. They also take another 3 days to edit these. Okay. Then I need to revise them another one day. So, we are already one week in until we get our ads out. Okay? And especially when working with clients, these results don't always match our expectations. Maybe the client has recorded an ad even though we've given him the instructions another way that we wanted it and it's not always matching our expectations. But with statics, especially when you copy the claw GPT um solution that I've presented in another video here on this channel, you can definitely check it out. But check this video here out first because you you it makes no sense to create a statics if you don't have an idea what a good static actually looks like and why statics are winning. I could create 100 statics right now but if none of these is is good it makes no sense with the this maximum it takes 5 minutes ideation generally way quicker. I'm saying I can turn out statics in 5 minutes right now easy. Okay. Copyrightiting 5 minutes maximum. It takes like 1 minute for me right now. AI image generation 5 minutes maximum when you need to iterate also takes one minute. So literally maximum 15 minutes per statics if you really uh need to start with this right now you don't have a winning angle um you don't have a winning messaging you want to get really really creative and you can literally turn out hundreds of creatives in hours and they exactly match your expectations because with AI you can right now entirely I don't know what what all these thumbnails designers or whoever are still doing because they they literally get like they they are no no longer needed I don't know who still needs a designer when he has AI and he can have two AI tools talk to each other. Let Claude give the perfect prompt to GBD, but that's another topic. Um, a lot of people might be asking right now, wait, Simon, aren't statics attracting lower quality leads? As I said, short answer, if you copy and your marketing angles suck. Yeah, then it just gets worse because obviously with with a static you have something like a dart, okay, and with a video you're throwing a football. Maybe like in the video um videos have a broader scope, okay? They can endure less precise targeting and worse marketing copy because it's just more. Okay, it's 50 seconds of someone talking to the camera, maybe two minutes sometimes even. Okay, they can endure worse copy at certain parts, but statics have to be so dialed in and they are a dart and you want to hit the bullseye. Okay, you only have one shot with your headline, with your sub headline, with your CTA. this one headline. Okay, these are can be five words. Sub headline, another four, five words, CTA, three to four words and your copy must talk directly to your ICP and hit them from the right angle. Okay, so statics need precise targeting. This is so important. I really want you to think about this this way. We have our headline, we have our sub headline and we have our CTA and we have our visual. So when this is aesthetic, we have here headline, sub headline, visual. You don't always need a visual. I'm a big fan of visuals and I will show you right now the the winning formula in a second. Okay. And then you have your CTA and all this together with the background image is your targeting. And you really want to hit that bullseye here. Okay. Now with that being said, what you can do and what I always do for the statics, I do a three second test. So your static must look clean, have a clear headline, must be visually pleasant. Okay. And you should be able to understand the idea of the static within 3 seconds. Can you understand the idea of this static in 3 seconds? No, you can't. But I see so many statics out there. I literally just uploaded a read on my Instagram channel analyzing statics like this. Can you get the message of this static in 3 seconds? You can. I don't sell my products. I sell these and he points at the product. Oh, this is targeting someone who wants to sell products on Amazon. It has a logo. Okay. Boring name brand products. Real distributors. Free workshop, right? It has a huge headline. The most important copy is here. It takes 30%. Okay. It has one idea per ad that he doesn't invent his own products. He sells these. It has less text, less elements, and the images like the products here align with the audience. Okay. Now, there are different ad formats that we could have in mind. Okay. different different ad formats, bunch of ad forms. I've tested all of them and I always see the oneonone the square ones perform the best. I put them in an adset with the Instagram native ones with the story ones, okay? Where with 916, this is what I do as well. I don't do portrait, I don't do landscape video. Um, I really only do square and Instagram style and I always see these perform the best. However, the Instagram ones have a huge stop scrolling potential. So if your copy there is really good and if you want to split test, these can work as well. However, the square ones lean more into the algo because when we think about the targeting, it allows meta to put your ad on all of the different placements. The story ones generally only perform well on the Instagram story and real targeting. And these also perform well in the home feed and the search feed and so on, the square ones. So they are generally better, okay? because you lean into the algo and the algo has more options to to bring your ads out to to people who are more likely to convert. Okay, so these generally work better. However, when you position the copy here, okay, and the most important elements here, let's say three words of copy here, maybe an image, then the stories can perform well as well because they can also then hit the uh home feed placements in a good way. Now, now it's time for the winning static ad templates. And there are a bunch of different static ads. Okay? So, first off, you want to make sure you always have the 3se secondond test. You have the right format. Okay? And you you make sure like I I I can't say if your static is good. I can't just say if it's visually good, but I can't say if the copy is good if I don't know who your ICP is. Okay? So, everything here depends on the marketing angles on on the ICP that you're selecting and how you want to hit them. Now what we generally do one static that's performing extremely well is the comparison static. There are different ways of doing it. So for example for one of our clients who starting an Amazon business offer we have the comparison with drop shipping because a lot of people heard about drop shipping. You want to make think about is there a model in your space that a lot of people might might have tried that is a bit more in market. You can see I'm not saying trading here. I'm not saying SMMA here. I'm saying drop shipping and wholesale both Amazon models more in market. Okay. A lot of people who come to us we get this feedback from a sales team are also interested about doing drop shipping and we want to say why wholesale is better than drop shipping and then we have a easy comparison. Still still drop shipping in 2026. There's a better model. Curiosity. Okay. Lower risk read products. Amazon ships in 2 days, 30% ROI, $0 in ad paid every two two weeks versus chargebacks, $500 a day in ad spend, 8 to 20% margins, 30 to 45 shipping. And it's true. And register for the free workshop. Everyone who might be interested or who might be comparing models will click on this ad. Okay. We throw rocks at enemies with a huge CTA and we compare the old way versus the new way. Another way of doing that is by doing a ranking approach. What we also have here ranking ways to sell on Amazon. No, no, no. Brand direct wholesale. No. Another one is doing a chart. Don't invest in stocks. We have a chart because we're talking about stocks. We want to target people who might thinking about investing in stocks. This is why we have a chart. Invest in learning one skill. And then you see, oh, one skill here. Oh, S&P 500 here. Okay. Best investment is the one that pays you. Join my free life workshop. Easy. Okay. Now, another ad format that is destroying is the opportunity ad. This can be an urgency ad or an opportunity ad where you want to sell the economics of the model. A lot of people like you need to hit people from different angles. And this is an ad where you sell the opportunity. And we have here $328 billion paid to Amazon sellers. Paid to third party sellers. Average seller annual revenue. Are you getting your piece? And we have a qualifier here. You need 3 to 5K to start because we're throwing in huge numbers here. This is always very, very important. This is selling the industry. Okay. Then what we have as well is this big idea ads. I already showed you this one where you can see the headline is takes 30% of the ad. And you really want to have one idea per ad. So the idea here, I don't sell my products. I sell I don't win products. I plug into products. The idea is my suppliers aren't on Google. I have another strategy of finding them. Okay. Very simple design. One headline, okay, visual. One one quick sub headline here, CTA. Another one here, one emotion, 100K frozen, two months, no Amazon. Here's the email that got my Amazon account back. And then we have a nice email here. Okay. Um, register. Another one. Don't gamble on a new product. Sell one proven by thousands of reviews. And then we have something like a product here. Okay. With some reviews and register for the free workshop. Now, this are one idea ads. This is where you have here product angle, supplier angle, um getting your account suspended angle, a bunch of different angles that you want to test here. Okay. Notes ads, another ad format, proof of concept, list format. As you can see, products I would sell, uh, it's a very content native ads like these are ads that we're running. We're running them also on the 916 and the oneonone placement. Okay. And they look so they look so native. This is the like simple note note types. People think it's a node screenshot. I generate these with AI, but uh yeah, I generally use something like a three-step guide or so. Next one, tweet ads. Okay, this looks like a tweet. It's also AI generated. It stops the scroll. It's a native tweet for this. This is winning for one of our clients. Absolutely. Winning ad tweet ad stops the scroll. People read it actually and it's a long form copy piece and long form copy is generally very very good to convert people. We we're hooking them in with the tweet format and then the copy converts them. Okay. Now IG story ads 916 placements as you can see we have common pin ads as Amazon that did in 2026 uh exclusively story placement they are very great to interrupt the score they look so native people don't know don't think that's actually an ad and get your CPMs down okay very very great format that you can definitely try we run it then we have a visual pattern interrupt here all e-commerce is that and so on and so on and so on and so on okay this is the black screen white text pattern interrupt um I prefer prefer these ads here a bit more because they look they these look way more native. This this look like when I'm scrolling through Instagram, this one would look even more native for me. This one is just visual pattern interrupt black screen. And yeah, we have uh prooflet ads where we show student wins. As you can see here, biggest shipment and so on. Discord student win also great way of visually showing client results especially if we you retargeting leads more and more. We have some workshop results and so on. I ideally don't like to choose income here. I like to choose something like units when I'm doing Amazon or for example row when I'm doing marketing just metrics that are a bit more in market and they're not just money. I want to make money. We have another ad transformation ad where we use two pictures. We show the difference from one supplier to 30 suppliers. Learn my system. Register for the workshop. And yeah guys, because you waited until the end, I will show you the ad that is absolutely destroying for us right now. This simple ad, three objects ad. Okay, it's um one to three suppliers can replace your income. I don't know what it does with the viewer, but seeing these three items is I don't know like people just resonate with this. And then we have a sub headline without this, without this, without this, and we we show them some images here. It's absolutely destroying. I don't know why. I don't know why this is the this is the winning format. Okay. And I've reiterated this with three one to three web shops can replace your income. it's destroying for other e-commerce clients. One to three brand deals can replace your income and and so on. And iterated the images, iterated the design and this is the angle that we don't dialing down on right now. So definitely try it. Okay? Definitely definitely definitely try it. But it for for other clients, other ads are performing better. For example, the tweet and so on. you you just need to put all of them in an adset, see what works, then take this angle, put it in a separate adset with a bunch of operations, iterations, and hit it. Scaling, scaling, scaling, scaling, scaling, really forces to spend on there. And that's how you scale. And that's why static ads right now, how how they able to generate us a 2.6x higher row than videos. Yeah. With that being said, guys, if you want to learn how all of this actually works, if you want to learn how you can plug into this right now with us designing your use static ads, then leave me a follow on Instagram and hit me on hit shoot me a DM, okay? Or book in a free strategy call with me growing info.com and we can implement all of this for you tomorrow. Now, with that being said, guys, take care. Appreciate the time. Leave a follow. Give a like and see

  Top Comments:
  1. @heikstepo [1 likes]: mom wake up simon posted
  2. @romanvartanjan3244: Sick

- Meta Ads Just Changed Everything in 2026 — Watch Before You Spend: Kind: captions Language: en Meta's new AI called Andromeda, now decides who sees your ads based on your creative, not the audience you pick. That means your image and your video are now your targeting. Get them wrong and no budget will save you. Meta's Advantage Plus now writes your copy, picks your images, and sets your budget automatically. They even launched a tool that turns your product photos into video ads. No editor needed, no tech skills required. Threads ads just went local and WhatsApp status ads are rolling out automatically. 90% of inventory is now vertical. If your ads aren't 9 by 16, you're wasting money. Check your placements in Ads Manager now. As of March 2026, Meta changed how it counts conversions. Only actual link clicks count now. This means your reported results may drop, but don't panic. The reporting just got more honest. Meta's new creative similarity score flags accounts with repetitive ads and raises your costs. You need different angles and tones. One ad that teaches, one that shows proof, and one that tells a story. The businesses winning right now are the ones who treat their creative like a strategy. Save this and share it.

- 5 Hidden Facebook Ads Features Meta Doesn’t Want You to Know (2026 Update): Kind: captions Language: en If you're running Facebook ads in 2026 , but still feel like your budget is being wasted, then today's video is going to be a game changer for you. Today I'm going to share with you five hidden features that pro marketers and meta marketing agencies use. Greetings. I am Mohammad Bilal and you are watching Learn with Bilal. Friends, today we will talk about five hidden features of Facebook which have been recently added by Facebook and 90% of the people do not know about them and those who know have doubled their ROI. So if you want that not even a single penny of your money gets wasted then you have to watch today's video till the complete end. Today I am going to discuss with you the best alternatives like audience segmentation reporting, value rules, creative testing, conditional logic, instant forms, creator marketplace and many more through which you can approach nano influencers. So without wasting any time let's start the video. Most people just run basic campaigns and the results are also very simple. They come from the basics and from here itself they get demotivated that the meta proper is not working. But if they keep themselves updated with the latest updates of Meta then definitely they will also get the results which other people are getting benefit from. Ever felt like you're not getting that kick out of a campaign? It means there are some important things you're skipping. Friends, Meta Ad platform is very vast. It is very big. There are many tools in it which are made to help you. So if you do not use them properly then you will get basic results. What people often do is that whenever they create a new campaign, they do not exclude those people who have already purchased products from them or enrolled for their services. Whenever they create a new campaign, they do not exclude them. What happens with this? Their budget is wasted. Meta is showing retargeting ads to people who have already used your product or taken your services. So you should set up your campaign in such a way that every time your campaign starts, those people who have already made the purchase or have taken the services should be excluded. And those people who have already visited your website. Either they have added to card , done initial checkout or they have done activity but not bought. So you should make such a setting that every time you launch your campaign, Meta adds them and they also see those ads again. First of all, when we come here to our Ad Manager, we see an option of Advertising Settings. So we will click here. As soon as we reach the advertising settings option, if you scroll down a little, here you get the option of audience segments. When you click here, you can create two types of audience segments. One is the audience who has already purchased from you and the other is the audience who has not purchased but has done any activity. They have visited your website. Here he has added to the card. Initial check out done. But I did not order you by. He is aware of your brand. He knows about social presence but he hasn't said goodbye to you yet. So once you create these two types of custom audiences, whenever you launch a new campaign, these options will automatically be added to it. You do n't have to manually create audiences for each campaign, and you don't have to include or exclude them for each campaign. So first of all you click on Engage Audience here and click on Create a Custom Audience here. From here you have to provide the source of those people who have purchased from your website. So you will do next by clicking on the website. Here you will give the event that I want the event of purchase. Those people who have made the purchase. And friends, here you have to always keep the retention of the audience for 180 days. In this way, you can exclude those people who have already purchased from your website. Let us understand the second option in the same way. Here you will get the second option of existing customers. People who know you, know your website and have done some activities. So here also you will create a custom audience. If you have their data available or you have any video which they have watched a lot, you can specify that. Otherwise, here you will come to the website in Your Source and click Next and here you will tell the event that I want to include those people here who have visited the entire website. Friends, here I would like to reiterate that you have to maintain 180 days of activity and you have to keep updating it every 15 days to 20 days so that Facebook can use the latest information and target only those people whom you have included in this list so that you can get better results. If you do this audience segmentation reporting, then what will be the benefit to you is that your purchasers will be excluded and those people who are doing the activity will see the ads again and again and they will definitely be able to buy from there. Friends, now let's talk about the second feature which is Value Rules in which you create some rules. This feature provides a lot of support to advertisers as to how much of your money is being invested and where. You must know all that. Let me give you an example of this. For example, you are running your own brand whose target audience is men. So your ad is also visible to females due to which your maximum budget is getting wasted there also. so what will you do now? You will create a value rule so that your ad and its ad spend are visible to maximum people so that you can get more orders from there. What will you do for that? When you create your own campaign. For example, you have created a sales campaign. Here you will come to the ad set. Let's come down here in the add set. So here you see the option of value rules. You have to click here. Create a rule set. Here you have to choose and click on I understand and then click on the option of create a rule set. When you come here, here you identify your rule, for example, in gender. So under gender you will select woman and from here you will select the option Decrease Bid By. And from here you will give it a percentage of 90%. It means that 90% of my ad will be de-linked from gender women. My ad should be visible to as many people as possible. So that my target audience can buy it accordingly. As you can see, it is written above here that create rules to tell us how many more certain audiences, once you set this rule, you have given an instruction to Meta, through which Meta gets to know who is the target audience of your product, so that your ads are shown only there and you can get better results from there. So now let's talk about our third feature. For this we cross it here and you have to come to AIDS. When you run your campaign, you have to come to Ads and scroll down here. So from here you will see the option of creative testing. In Creative Testing, you have to click on Setup Test. Ok. Here you can set up a creative test. For example, you set up a campaign. One of your ad sets appeared in it. Now you launch an ad in that ad set. Now if you do creative testing here, then you will be able to create different variants of the same ad and test them. So the more variants you create, the better and different results you will get. In that, you will then be able to analyze which of your ad creatives has performed better. Then you will choose it and in this way you will be able to scale it up by increasing its budget and you will remove the creative which did not perform for you. So let's assume here that I click on the option that I want to test five creatives in five variations of the same ad. How much of your budget should go to test aids? So here, let's assume I keep a budget of ₹1000. How long should the test run be? So from here I select seven days. How do you want to compare performances? So how do you want to compare performances? Let me compare its performance here. Measure my results according to the cost incurred on the result and tell me which creative is performing best for me from where I am getting the best results. So in this way, while doing creative testing, you can show the same ad in different variations so that you can get better results. So you have to run the campaign only for three to four days. You will know which creative is performing better. You have to continue with whatever is performing better and turn off whatever is not performing well and scale up whatever you have turned on after nine days. You have to scale it up by increasing its budget by 15 to 20%. Friends, I have said many times in my last video that your ad creatives decide how well your product will grow. So it is better that you test your ad creative in the best possible way. Once your testing is successful then you will definitely be able to scale up your business. Friends, these are the three features that we have just discussed. These are the features that help you in sales and grow your sales in the best way. But if you are running a leads campaign, then the feature I am going to tell you about now is that you can add instant forms and after adding them, you will be able to add questions accordingly. So for that we generate a Testing Like a Lead campaign from here. I close this. After that, come to the campaign and click on create and you continue the leads campaign. If you click on Manual Leads Campaign, in this way you have come to the setup of leads campaign. So here you have to come to Leads Ad. You will scroll down from here and here you will see the option of Create Form. After coming to Create Form, you have to click on High Intent here and next it. Here you can add headings to the intro. You will then add a description according to who you are interviewing or the leads you are getting. Similarly, you click next here and you see the question section. Here you have to turn on conditional logic. By turning on this option, your lead generation form will work differently for each user. Like every user has a different experience. So Facebook will ask him questions according to his experience. So after turning on this option of conditional logic, you will add queries. We will choose multiple choices. Here you write your first question example. When you will buy. If someone here gives an answer that he will buy in March then this should be your logic. You can ask him the next question later. Please provide contact number and in this way you will add question to him. But suppose you are asking a question and he is answering it to you in a manner like this, it is not confirmed. So what will be your logic that your Facebook lead form will not continue further. It will stop right there. In this way, you will be able to get filtered data and by using this logical setup, you will be able to show your lead generating form only to your targeted audience and those people who are interested in it you will be able to get leads only from them. Friends, now let's talk about our number five point which is create marketplace. You have to go to your business page and from here you have to go to Business Meta Suite. So here you are getting the option of Creator Market Place. This is that option. By using this option you will get yourself and your business verified. From here you will find influencers who can collaborate with you. And if you do not get the option from here, the option of Like Creator Marketplace is off in different countries, then its alternative way is that you go to Instagram. Go to Instagram and search for different keywords. Like you give hashtag in such a way that hashtag fashion inside Pakistan. So if your brand is relevant to fashion then you will get such nano influencers who are interested in fashion. There you can see their profile to see how many comments have come on their profile, how many likes have they received and what comments have people made. Are those comments genuine, original or not? If it is original then you DM them. When you DM them, compliment them that I saw your post. I liked it very much. I think my brand is such that if you collaborate with me, we can do good work together. You will also find some such nano influencers from there who will be able to create ad creatives for you free of cost. So this fifth feature is especially for those who are camera shy and are not able to create ad creatives themselves. So in this way they can scroll through Instagram and hire nano influencers from there and grow their business. Yes friends, if you also use these five hidden features in your campaign, then Insha Allah your revenue will also grow by 5X. Friends, these are very small features but their impact is very high. So you have to understand this video completely and the way I have applied all these methods, you have to apply them once so that onward your campaign also gets properly optimized like pro experts and social media marketing agencies use. Friends, if you want to keep getting the latest updates on digital marketing, then subscribe to the channel now and press the bell notification so that you can get the latest information first and if you liked today's video, then do like it and tell me in the comments that if there is any such hidden feature which is in your knowledge, then do discuss it with me in the comments. I check the comments myself and reply to everyone. So friends, if you want your Shopify and Meta campaign to be handled by a professional, then we have a professional team that can provide you this service. You can contact on the given number. So see you in the next video. Take great care of yourself. Remember me in your prayers. Allah Hafiz.

  Top Comments:
  1. @mr_millionair [1 likes]: Bilal bhi Mashable AJ apne aisi info di ke maza a gya ❤❤❤❤❤ plz make more vedios about how to increase sales in short budget❤❤ waiting for
  2. @archiveofworldhistory [1 likes]: Good information sir
  3. @WaleedAslam-i6t: Allah apko kamyab kare ❤

- Millions Dollars Opportunity Hidden in ChatGPT Ads | How to Prepare Your Business to Win Big in 2026: Kind: captions Language: en All right, let's get right into it because something huge is happening in digital advertising right now and if you're paying attention, it could totally change the game for your business. We're talking about the birth of a brand new ad platform and it's being built right on top of chat GPT. And look, the urgency here is absolutely real. This isn't just another passing trend. We're talking about a fundamental shift in how everything works online. And that little window of opportunity, well, it is just starting to cak open. If you were around for the early days of Google Ads, you know exactly what this feels like. I mean, businesses were getting clients for pennies. Then it happened all over again with Facebook ads. You had this massive audience and almost nobody advertising. The people who jumped in first, they got unlimited clients for dirt cheap. Well, guess what? We are right back at that same precipice. But this time, the opportunity is so much bigger. So, here's what we're going to cover in this explainer. We'll break down why this is a new gold rush and what makes Chat GPT so incredibly different. Then, we're going to get super practical and walk through a playbook for your budget, your ads, and the one secret weapon that AI can never ever steal from you. All right, first up, let's talk about the big picture here. We keep using this word gold rush for a reason. Just like with Google and Facebook, the very first advertisers to get on this platform are going to have an insane advantage. they'll get to reach this huge untapped audience before it gets all crowded and super expensive. But here's the kicker. This is not just history repeating itself. So what's so fascinating is why this opportunity is potentially bigger than Google and Facebook put together. It's because chat GPT isn't just another website with a ton of eyeballs. No, it's a totally different beast. It all boils down to three things. Let's call them its superpowers. First, the data is just unbelievable. It knows what problems users have in real time as they're literally typing them. Second, it's got memory, so it understands the whole context of a user's journey over time. And third, it's got actual intelligence, so it can have these personalized human-like conversations. I mean, can you imagine an ad that truly gets you? In this comparison, this really spells out the massive shift we're talking about. The old platforms targeted you based on who you were, your past searches, your demographics. chat GPT ads. They're going to target what you need right here, right now. Think about it like this. It's the difference between seeing a car ad because you searched for one last month and getting an ad for a business coach at the exact moment you're asking the AI for help with a business problem. It's a world of difference. Okay, so how do you actually get ready for this thing? Well, step one, you have to completely blow up your idea of a marketing budget. Forget setting a fixed amount for the year. That old model is way too slow for what's coming. We need a whole new way of thinking. The secret here is a concept called your allowable cost per sale. Now, this is a game changer. It's not about some big clunky annual budget. No, it's about knowing one simple number. What's the absolute most you can pay to get one new customer and still make a profit? Let me walk you through a quick example so this really clicks. Let's say your average sale is a cool 25 grand. And after you factor in all your costs, you figure out you can spend up to, say, 400 bucks on ads to get that sale. Well, all of a sudden, your budget isn't fixed anymore. It's basically infinite. For real. As long as you're bringing in new clients for less than that $400 mark, you just pour more fuel on the fire and scale up. All right, so you've got the budget mindset down. But what about the ads themselves? What do you actually say? Well, here's the good news. Even though the platform is brand new, the core psychology of a great ad that hasn't changed a bit. There's a fundamental structure that has always worked and it's going to work here, too. It comes down to these four pillars. This is your blueprint. You got to grab their attention, tell them what you got, prove you're the real deal, and then tell them what to do next. Simple, right? This formula is timeless. It worked in newspapers. It crushed it on Google and Facebook. And trust me, it's going to be just as crucial on chat GPT. So, let's talk about the hook. A killer hook always taps into one of three universal things. Are you trying to solve a nagging pain? Are you chasing after an awesome prize? Or do you just want a clear process to get from A to B? If you frame your hook around one of those, you'll connect with the right person almost instantly. Okay, next up, credibility. You have to build that trust, right? People are not going to click on anything if they don't believe you. You can do this with hard numbers like how many clients you've helped, with awards, or with killer testimonials. And hey, even if you're brand new to the game, you can lean on things like academic studies to back up your methods. Now, your call to action that's got to evolve for this platform. Think about it. The person is already talking to a super smart AI. Your generic learn more button is, well, it's kind of boring. You got to level up. Offer them something better, like a chance to talk to a real human expert, or maybe point them to a custom AI tool you built just for them. Or even better, let them buy right there in the chat. And that brings us to the last piece of the puzzle. And honestly, it's the most important one. In a world that's about to be flooded with AI, what's your secret weapon? It's the one thing AI can never ever copy. You. Your humanity, your story, your personal brand. You have to remember what these platforms were built for in the first place. They were always about people connecting with other people. That's why those big faceless company pages always feel a little off, right? Your story, your unique experiences, that's your ultimate superpower in this new world. And the proof is in the pudding. I mean, the data is super clear on this. Ads that come from a real person just crush the ones from a generic business brand. It's not even close. So, your personal brand isn't just some nice to have thing anymore. It's a straight up financial asset. And just to put a cherry on top, let's not forget the absolutely insane scale we're talking about. These ads, they're going to show up for the free users. And how many is that? Oh, just around 760 million people every single week. And these aren't just people doom scrolling. No, they are actively looking for answers. And get this, within that group, there are about two and a half billion conversations happening every single day. Each one of those is a chance to step in right when someone needs help. We're talking about a pool of perfectly qualified leads that was literally science fiction until now. So, look, this isn't hype. This is real and it's happening right now. The starting gun for the next big race is about to go off. And this race could define the next 10 years for your business. So, there's really only one question left. Are you going to be ready for it?

  Top Comments:
  1. @TheBrandRule: Big question for you 👇

If ChatGPT Ads go live tomorrow…
Would you test it in the first 30 days or wait 6 months?

Early movers usually win big.
Curious to see who here plays offense.

Drop YES if you would test early.
Drop WAIT if you would observe first.

Let’s see who is ready.

- The Poisoned Pixel: How Bot Traffic is Secretly Draining Your Ad Budget: Kind: captions Language: en You launch a new ad campaign, the dashboard lights up with thousands of clicks. But when you check the actual sales, the number is zero. Most marketers assume a fake click is a contained loss. A bot clicks an ad, the advertiser loses the specific dollar spent on that interaction, and the campaign moves on. The bot lands on the website and triggers the tracking pixel. Meta and Google algorithms rely on this data to find similar users. By recording a bot, the platform builds a polluted target profile, actively hunting identical scripts. The entire campaign budget automatically pivots. The machine learning model heavily optimizes itself to acquire a massive, expensive audience of software scripts. A single bot wastess the initial dollar spent. Worse, it trains the algorithm to waste the rest of the budget, aggressively degrading your return on ad spend. To protect the algorithm, you have to stop fake data from entering the system. The click must be intercepted before it gets anywhere near the website's tracking pixel. This is the exact function of Tvo. On the surface, it appears to be a standard URL shortener. Internally, it operates as a high-speed firewall. This diagram shows the filtration process. Trivo analyzes the incoming profile in under five milliseconds, splitting the traffic with 99.2% 2% accuracy. Non-human traffic hits a dead end instantly. The connection drops, ensuring the bot never sees the landing page and the pixel never fires. This early interception provides secondary benefits. Software companies avoid fake signups in their databases and digital publishers avoid fraud flags. Meanwhile, legitimate human clicks pass cleanly through the node, arriving at the marketplace without noticeable delay. By pre-alidating every click, Trivo shifts the defense perimeter. Advertisers no longer rely on the vulnerable landing page to catch fraud. The threat is neutralized out at the link itself. Once the perimeter is secure, the data flowing to ad platforms changes completely. Machine learning models receive a concentrated diet of verified human behavior. Because the pixel only registers actual people, the target profiles it generates are entirely accurate. It stops hunting for scripts and starts isolating real buyers. The pattern matching engine finally has the correct patterns to analyze. Conversion rates naturally rise, pushing return on ad spend higher, zeroing in on profitable demographics. This purity also affects the publisher side of the industry. Networks like Ada constantly monitor how visitors interact with ads to judge the overall quality of a website's traffic. Since only real people are reaching the page, engagement goes up. Ad networks classify the site as a highquality source, pushing the cost per mill, the amount paid per thousand views, significantly higher. Filtering out bad traffic stops the immediate budget bleed. It also actively trains the advertising platforms to do their jobs correctly, allowing the algorithm to generate actual profit. Professional media buyers require empirical data to audit their traffic sources. Blind trust isn't an option when allocating millions in ad spend. TVO's real-time dashboard breaks down up to 90 days of traffic, segmenting exact human versus bot volume. If a specific source ID sends pure junk, it's instantly visible. Marketers can blacklist that ID directly, cutting off bad traffic at its source. Trivo packages this data into independent audit reports built specifically for digital agencies handling client budgets. Instead of vaguely explaining why a campaign underperformed, agencies present undeniable proof. They show exactly how many thousands of bots were blocked and precisely how much budget was saved. Every click in a modern ad campaign serves a dual purpose. Advertisers pay for the immediate site visitor and for the behavioral data used to train the machine learning algorithm. Ensuring your campaigns train exclusively on human behavior protects your marketing budget. Secure your first five links on Tvo for free right now with no credit card required.

- Facebook Ads in 2026: NEW Secrets, Tips & Strategies: Kind: captions Language: en Meta ads have changed again. What worked 12 months ago is already becoming outdated. And if you're still relying on old strategies, you're leaving a lot of money on the table. In this video, I'm going to break down a number of Meta ad strategies and techniques that are working really well right now, including what's changed, what's quietly dominating behind the scenes, and how you can use it to scale profitably. Strategy number one is to use value rules. I'm a big fan of value rules because they allow you to have the best of both worlds when it comes to targeting. With value rules, you can influence who Meta puts your ads in front of without having to overly restrict them through hard targeting constraints. So, you can have the best of both worlds. You can have open targeting and the full flexibility that Meta wants to be able to work out exactly who to put your ads in front of, but give it direction towards your most valuable prospects or customers. Let me quickly show you what this looks like. So, I'm here inside an example Meta ad account and get to the value rule section. I come over here and click on advertising settings, then select value rules, and then go ahead and click on create a rule set. Then I need to select my criteria. Many different options here, conversion location, age, gender, etc., etc. Let's say I go with age. I may have analyzed my customer data and worked out that people over 35 are more valuable to my business. Perhaps they are more likely to convert from lead to eventual client. Perhaps they are more likely to stick on my subscription service for longer. Perhaps they are more likely to buy again from my e-commerce store. Different use cases for different businesses. So, let's say I've identified the demo valuable to my business, select all the age ranges above 35, and then I select by how much I want to increase my bid. Let's say I've worked out those people are 30% more valuable than others. I can go ahead and add in 30 in here, give the rule a name, go ahead and click next, give the rule set a name, 35 plus, click create. I can now add that into my campaigns, add that into my ad set, and Meta will continue to advertise to people that are both over 35 and under 35, but it is going to favor the people that are over 35, be willing to pay more in the auction to reach those people because we've told Meta they're more valuable to my business. So like I said at the beginning, a great way to have the best of both worlds when it comes to targeting, you don't need to have this trade-off between hard constraints but small audience versus open targeting, you can go with this option instead. Strategy number two is to define your audience segments. So Meta breaks down the audience that you're reaching into three different segments. You've got new audience, you've got engaged audience, and you've got existing customers. So it's really important to take a few minutes, it doesn't take very long at all, and get for example your customer list uploaded to your Meta ad account and then define in advertising settings that audience being existing customers. You want to do the same with your engaged audience, which is going to be people that are warm, they've interacted with your business before, but they haven't actually bought. So this could be website visitors, people on your email list but not your customer list, people who've engaged with you across the Meta apps. You can very quickly and easily do this in advertising settings. If we jump back to advertising settings, we've got here in this example ad account these already defined. We've got engaged audience for example, which we defined as our all website visitors 180, and we've got existing customers, we've got an example customer list uploaded. I've separate videos going into more details about how to do that, how to set it up, but really valuable to do because it allows Meta to better allocate budget across cold, warm, and hot audience, which is what these three categories are. You are also able to see in breakdown data when you're looking at your results at your campaign, ad set, or even ad level the split of spend but also where your results are coming from. How many of our purchases are coming from existing customers versus from new audience? What's the cost per purchase look like across those audience? You can do the same with with cost per lead. Takes a few minutes, well worth doing. Number three is to produce way more ad creative. We now aim for 20 different ad creatives per ad set. We used to be limited to six, that's what Meta used to recommend, but post Andromeda things have really changed. Meta is now prioritizing creative diversity. They want lots of different ad creative in the same ad set because it allows them to do a few different things. Firstly, it allows them to personalize ad delivery. So, they're not going to put the same ads in front of everyone. They're not going to work out from your six ads previously, "This is the best performer. Let's put that in front of everyone." Instead, they're going to work out, "This person's probably going to be more interested in this ad, but this person's probably going to be more interested in this ad." Meta obviously has the data to be able to make those calculations, and that's what the Andromeda update is going to help with. So, the more diversity you have amongst your ad creative, so different formats, different styles, different looks, the more you're going to be able to benefit from that. Also, it really helps with ad fatigue. The more creative diversity you have and the more different ads you have in an ad set, the longer it will take for them to fatigue. If someone sees the same ad seven or eight times, even in a two- or three-day period, they might get pretty bored of it. I've seen that. Yeah, get it. Whatever. But, if you've got lots of different ads and Meta is showing one ad in the morning, a different ad in the afternoon, different ad the next morning, etc. to that that one individual, it's going to take much longer before they become bored of it. You get past the I've seen this before, therefore I can scroll on filter much quicker. So, really important to produce extra ad creative. How do you go about doing that? Well, firstly, embrace different formats. Doesn't all have to be video. Video is the best performing ad format for most advertisers, but we want to make sure we've got a range of formats live at any one time. Different people interested in different formats is part of the reason, but also it's much quicker and easier to create lots of say image variations than it is to create lots of extra videos. That's the first thing. Secondly, embrace Meta's variation options. So, when you're uploading your imagery to the ad platform, you go through the creative setup process, Meta is often going to use AI to suggest variations of that image. By all means, take advantage of those. And you can use external tools that use AI to help you with this, too. One of the biggest reasons small budgets fail on Meta isn't targeting, it's the creatives. Because testing properly requires variations and variations cost money. A single UGC video from a creator, hundreds if not thousands of dollars. An agency to consistently produce and test new creatives, thousands if not tens of thousands dollars per month. And that's before you even know if the ads convert. If you're working with a small budget, that math just doesn't work. Hollow flips that part of the equation. You just paste in only your website URL and it analyzes your brand voice, positioning, and visuals. Then generates ready to publish ads, social posts, and email campaigns. But what makes this powerful for small budgets is the variations. Instead of giving you one creative, it can generate batches of different hooks, angles, formats, and layouts in seconds. You can tweak the size, swap visuals, adjust colors, change the messaging, translate it into another language, or even turn a static image into a video without starting from scratch each time. No prompts, no Canva marathons, no waiting weeks on freelancers. And here's why this matters for small budget advertisers. Meta rewards iteration. The people who win aren't always the ones spending the most, they're the ones testing the most. If you can create 10 to 20 creative variations quickly without spending thousands on production, you suddenly have leverage. Instead of spending your budget on creative production, you can spend it on actual ad testing. What used to take hours or cost thousands now takes minutes. For solo founders and small teams, that removes the biggest bottleneck in Facebook ads, producing enough creatives to find a winner. If creative costs have been holding you back from testing properly, Hollow is definitely worth looking at. There is a link in the description and a discount code if you want to try it. Strategy number four is to use partnership ads. Now, this is linked to the previous point I made around creating more ad creative. Partnership ads will certainly help you do that. Just to quickly explain what they are, partnership ads are ads that run from both your account and a creator's account. So, you can hire creators, influencers to produce usually video ad creative promoting your products and services. And then when you run them, they will be run from those two accounts, yours and theirs, hence why it's called a partnership ad. It's effectively influencer marketing, but not reliant on the organic distribution of their posts, but you can actually put budget behind it and advertise and run it to their audience. And there's a number of reasons why you might want to do so. Firstly, it's a quick and easy way to produce a lot more ad creative because you're not doing it yourself. Secondly, if you work with the right people and they have influence over your target market, they have scroll-stopping power. People are more likely to pay attention, so your hook rate improves. That's a big deal. That should not be underestimated. Thirdly, their recommendation carries weight. So, when they say you should go and buy this product or service, if it's someone that is respected in your space, people are more likely to do it as opposed to that recommendation coming from someone they don't know or from someone within your company. Fourthly, partnership ads can really help you build a brand over time because if you work with creators over an extended period of time, the creators that you work with, people will start to associate with your business and your business will take on the values and the things that people think about those creators. Means you need to pick well in the first place, but it can be a great way to build a brand. Also, when you're working with influencers creators, they're normally pretty good at producing creative assets, otherwise they wouldn't have become an influencer or creator in the first place. So, it's a great way to get really high-quality ad creative that a lot of businesses just aren't capable of producing themselves. Now, of course, it costs money to go out and hire these people, but if you choose right, you are more than likely going to recoup the cost pretty quickly in terms of increased ad efficiency. If you take 10% of your advertising budget, for example, and pay that to creators, but that creator makes your ad campaign 40% more effective, that's a great trade. You should do that every time. And I see that come up again and again. And Meta have a really simple free tool that you can use to make finding creators to work with, contacting them really easy. So, if I jump back into my example ad account, I'm in campaigns. If I go ahead and click on all tools, and I can come down here to the Creator Marketplace. And then from within here, I can easily find creators to work with. Meta even gives recommendations around the creators most relevant for you. I've created a whole video around the Creator Marketplace, how it works, how to go through it properly. You can find that on my channel, and go ahead and check that out. I just wanted to quickly show you how easy this process can be. Strategy number five is to use the creative testing tool. A lot of advertisers have run into issues post-Andromeda when it comes to testing new ad creative. I've already talked about wanting a lot more ad creative, so we want to test to find out what's working, what's not. A lot of advertisers are running into problems where they upload new ad creative, add that into an existing ad set, and it just gets no ad spend whatsoever, and it feels pointless, like a complete waste of time. The existing best performers just continue to get all the ad spend. So, I've seen advertisers do all sorts of things with like separate campaigns and testing setups. It can get very complicated very quickly. You can end up with fragmented data, not the way to go. Much better to use the creative testing tool. So, let's go back into my example ad account. I don't have any campaigns in here, so let's just quickly create an example campaign. Let's go with a sales campaign. And I'm just going to jump straight to the ad level, which is where you will find the creative testing tool. Then I'm going to scroll down, and it's just here beneath where you add in your ad creative. And if I click on here, I can click on setup test, and you can test two to five different ads simultaneously. You can tell Meta how much of your budget you want to spend on this test, how long you want this test to run, and then what do you want to compare performance? I would absolutely recommend changing from, say, cost per post engagement to something like cost per lead or cost per purchase, or whatever it is that you're actually optimizing for in the campaign. That might mean you need to add in extra time, extra budget to make it work, etc. Click confirm, and then what you do is this will produce five different test ads. You go into each one of those ads, and you add in the different ad creative, and this will do a proper test. Meta will segment out your audience into five different chunks, and make sure they don't overlap so you can properly test to see ad creative A, how does it perform against ad creative B? If you're producing new ad creative and adding them to your campaigns, your existing campaigns, your existing ad set, you can use this to make sure they actually get spend and you find out if they're working or not or whether you just completely wasted your time and potentially money on on getting those things created. So yeah, big fan of the creative testing tool. Not many advertisers know about it, even fewer use it, but I certainly recommend it. Strategy number six is to not use a separate retargeting campaign or even a separate retargeting ad set. Instead, we like to combine the two and run a hybrid so your ads are being delivered to a combination of warm and cold audiences. Why do we do that? Because no matter how you set up your targeting, it is very likely that Meta is going to target a mixture of cold and warm audiences anyway. I talked in a previous point about defining your audience segment and one of the reasons is so that you can go down into the breakdown information and you can break down your results but also your spend by new audience, engaged audience, and existing customers. When you do that in an ad set that is set up to be a retargeting ad set and then you compare the results to an ad set that is set up to be a cold audience ad set, often you will find that the split in terms of spend between new audience, engaged audience, and existing customers is exactly the same. And why does Meta do this? Because most of your targeting inputs are suggestions. When you set up an ad set to be a warm audience ad set, you add in your warm audiences, your custom audiences as targeting, but you do so as a suggestion in the suggested audience section as opposed to within the controls within the hard targeting constraints. So Meta has the flexibility to target other people. If you're targeting more open, more cold audiences, Meta is absolutely going to find your warm audiences. Those are the people that are most likely to engage with your ads. Those are the people that Meta will quickly identify as most likely to purchase, become a lead, whatever it is you're optimizing for, and that is going to put ads in front of them. So, if the two different campaigns or two different ad sets, one one one cold, are going to be the same from a distribution standpoint anyway, you might as well combine them so that you don't have fragmented data. We consolidate that data. One ad campaign producing 50 conversions a week is much better than two ad campaigns producing 25 conversions a week because getting out of the learning phase, you're not being caught in learning limited, Meta has more data to optimize, you have more data as the advertiser to be able to assess things and make optimization decisions. So, we rarely have separate retargeting campaigns. Now, there are circumstances where we do. I've got another video going into more detail on this that you can check out on my channel, but by default, we're not going to retarget separately. Quick one before we continue. If you're running Meta ads and you'd like me to take a look at your actual ad account and tell you what I would change, test, or scale, I've built something called the Ben Heath Inner Circle. Inside, you get direct access to me for less than $60 per live session, where you can join, ask me questions, and even share your ad account for live feedback. And these sessions are scheduled across multiple time zones, so you can join from wherever you are in the world. So, if you're dealing with performance dropping, creatives not working, or you're unsure how to scale, you can bring it to a live session and we'll go through it together. If you want to check it out, there's a link in the video description. Let's get back to the video. Strategy number seven is to focus your initial acquisition on free {slash} inexpensive products or services, or go to the other end of the spectrum and go high price point, premium luxury, high ticket, high touch sales process. I think the mid-range is often the hardest, particularly to scale. It's where most of your competitors are, so it's difficult differentiate just for starters. But, if you just think about the economics of it, if you're offering something free or inexpensive, you want that to be as cheap and as operationally efficient for your business as possible, something that you can give away. It's just not going to be very difficult for you to deliver on that. Or you want to go to the other extreme where you can have all the bells and whistles and all the high touch points in the sales calls and the proposal documents and the follow-up processes. Because when you actually do get a customer, you cover the cost of all that. In the mid-range, you're often high enough price where people want a bit more than something just easy automated, but you don't really make enough money from them to be able to justify an elongated sales process or you know, something really complex. So, the more I've seen businesses that are outliers that really succeed with their meta ads, the more they tend to fall into one end or the other. Like free or really really inexpensive and easy for them to deliver on in the first place what you might call a tripwire. Or, you know, let's do it all. Let's go with the absolute top end of the market. I'll work with just a handful of clients customers. They'll be incredibly valuable. Our return on ad spend on those leads would be unbelievable. Yeah, that seems to be a better approach to go with. And strategy number eight is to embrace WhatsApp and use it as part of your meta marketing funnels. Now, this is going to be location dependent to some extent. In the US, for example, people use WhatsApp a lot less than just about everywhere else in the world. But if your target audience is on WhatsApp regularly, then definitely experiment with a WhatsApp-based sales funnel. I've seen a lot of businesses having success with replacing their traditional processes with a WhatsApp-based funnel instead. So, let's say previously people would click, go through to landing page, book in a call or inquire. They'd then get contacted by the company to arrange a call. A lot of friction, slow process. How much easier is it for your prospect to just click on an ad, go straight into WhatsApp, send a few messages, and those initial messages are all automated, and people are filtered depending on you know, you can find out whether they actually are a qualified lead or not. From then on, you can then progress them to actually communicating with a person. And I think that a lot of prospects prefer that. They're like, "Well, why would I want to book a sales call for 3 days time and then I have to sit on the call and have them pitch me the thing, and then I've got to get the document afterwards, and then I follow up. It's slow, and it's cumbersome, and it's friction, and people are busy. Whereas on WhatsApp, it's like I could just send a few messages back and forth really quickly, find out whether or not I like this product or service, and then go ahead and make a purchasing decision. It also has the advantage that's often quite a bit cheaper for the business to operate than a traditional say lead sales call funnel structure. In a market like the UK at the moment, you're going to have more success if you're high ticket with this type of thing with WhatsApp as opposed to low ticket, but that doesn't apply worldwide. If you're in India, Brazil, for example, you can sell anything on WhatsApp, low ticket included. So, I would predict that in the next 5 to 10 years, WhatsApp's going to make real inroads into the US market as well, and then this will apply there, too. In the meantime, for everyone else or people who are advertising to people in in other locations, uh definitely something to experiment with. And if you want to know more about how to advertise using WhatsApp, you can check out this video here. In it, I walk through the entire process of creating a click-to-WhatsApp campaign. I also show you some of the other things that you could do as a marketer, things like marketing messages on WhatsApp. Yes, you can send messages to people that have interacted with WhatsApp, which is incredibly powerful in certain circumstances, of course. So, if you haven't already, go ahead and check this out.

  Top Comments:
  1. @gabbeat [2 likes]: When you talk about separating cold and warm audiences, you mentioned it’s normally used as a suggestion in the ad campaigns. But there is still the option of using the old feature and making it a hard restriction for audience (ex. only retargeting) instead of a suggestion.
Knowing that would you still wouldnt split audiences?
Then, how do you control budget allocation to warm vs cold ?
  2. @mykytasoima3065 [2 likes]: Great video, and a great recommendation about value rules! I wanted to ask a question. I’ve noticed that when I upload, for example, 12 static ads targeting different market segments, during the first couple of days they all get at least some impressions. But starting from day three, Meta allocates 99% of the spend to just one creative. Everyone says that diversity will make Meta show each creative to its own relevant audience, but in practice that’s not happening, and it just picks one and gives it all the spend. What would you recommend?
  3. @BenHeath [1 likes]: Get personal Meta Ads feedback from me (live) for less than $60 per session:
👉 https://www.skool.com/benheath/about
Let my agency run your Meta ads for you:
👉 https://heathmedia.co.uk/done-for-you/
  4. @vinedresserlawnandlandscape: For a service business. Would you suggest that we test ads with ABO and, when they scale, put them in an evergreen CBO campaign? Or just run CBO campaigns with one ad set?
  5. @giullianaarias.: super valuable
  6. @johnnydulong-SellHfxRealEstate: I just asked ChatGPT if it could create Ad Creatives for me and it can.  I have not tested this but if it works, big savings.
  7. @condosbysarah: how to disable message template on leads campaign?
  8. @JarnoZhou-q6i: Just curious if it's necessary to do the creative AB testing?
  9. @Haifahusayn: Which tool u were talking about ?
  10. @topchessmoments: For a £200 per day budget, would you split out UK and US audiences?
  11. @Mia_archerron: Great video, Ben, thank you so much! Question: The value rules (the first tip you talk about in the video) is not great to do with a micro budget (20$) per day, correct?
  12. @icegangwatch: My product category is watches, so I'll be using a 1-1-N ad structure. With a daily budget of $100, should my ad creatives use different colors of the same watch, or can I mix and match different styles?
  13. @costo8779: Yo bro hru i’m a beginner is it better to go with videos or static ads?
  14. @tuckertheremedy: Hi Ben, would you recommend separating Catalog ads into their own campaign, since they tend to cannibalize spend when combined into the same campaign as manually created ads?
  15. @crescitaly: The 20 creatives per adset tip is the unlock nobody talks about. Went from 6 to 22 creatives after Andromeda and CPA dropped 43% in 3 weeks. Also pairing partnership ads with Crescitaly-boosted organic seed posts from the same creator before going paid - it warms the pixel and we see 2x better hook rates right out the gate. WhatsApp funnel tip also gold for our Brazil market.
  16. @KathleenMurphy-z4f: Hey Ben! Would you suggest having a separate campaign for scaling or would you suggest just creating a different ad set within your campaign as an ABO with higher budget to scale the winning ads?
  17. @abbebajrami7561: been doing ads for 1 year but ready to stop meta ads. i run a local company and recently meta only shows people outside of my service area.

i just made a new campaign, 100$ spent in 2 days. 13 leads. none in my area.

i have a 25 miles area and nothing seems to be working. please if somebody know why it does that ?
  18. @michaelwin83: Charlie Kirk ahh
  19. @celon182: Hey Ben, question about Creative Testing. Should I do that creative testing in a separate ad set and separate campaign and then take the winner and move it to my scaling campaign? Or should I test them using Creative Testing in my Main, Scaling Campaign?
  20. @tuckertheremedy: Hi Ben, if I'm running a campaign at $50/day, would it be optimal to run more than 20 ads, closer to 40-50, or would that spread the budget too thin?

- Best Facebook Ads For Car Dealerships 2026 (FULL Setup + Templates): Kind: captions Language: en hey guys in today's video I will show you the best Facebook ads for car salesman and car dealerships that you can just literally copy and paste for your own business if you run a dealership marketing agency and you want to help your clients get better results this is for you and also if you're just a car salesman or a finance manager at a dealership then just follow me step by step in this video to implement it for yourself and get cheap leads for example this client came to me a couple days ago as a referral he already paid an invoice 19th that's when we started and since then we already got 31 Facebook message as you can see the last 3 days for the cost of only $3 per message that's Canadian so pretty cheap this is how like you know the conversations usually look people just tell us the car they interested in then we reply back and forth get their phone number and then schedule an appointment right also this is just an image carousel on Facebook and Instagram this is how it looks it's a combination of I mean the best looking pictures of the most popular car in your dealership that's how I usually like to do it because you want to sell something that's in high demand and also in available in terms of your stock so once you sell this one you have a couple more to then just keep selling you don't want to pause this ad replace it with a different car you just want to always keep this particular car running maybe if you already sold a $26,000 car you have a 27 25 different year different kilometers different trim just bring them into your dealership what you do is you go to your website and find the most popular car that you like and then just download pictures like that then go to canva and drag and drop those pictures and this is how you structure your campaign on Facebook so you start with create and then you select engagement then continue and manual then press continue after you click those buttons and then this basically going to appear you name it I would just name it engagement in the categories you must select Financial product because you are selling financing and you just have to because otherwise Facebook will ban you then you leave everything as is and you click next then you select your Facebook and Instagram Pages scroll down select your daily budget ,000 per month is a good place to start always start date have it at midnight then scroll down select your location so you can even just enter your Dealership address here select the range of 65 70 km 80 km then in the detail targeting you can be specific and say used car for example or maybe SUV or sedan or luxury luxury Vehicles right but I leave it open and just let Facebook find the Right audience for those specific cars because over time it will learn Facebook's algorithm is very smart so it will just over time find the best audience for the placements you want to select Facebook feed feed profile Marketplace video feeds stories in stream videos and search results but you can also experiment and do Instagram feed Instagram reals Instagram stories as well and see how it works for you and to create your first ad you want to have it as a carousel instead of just a single image or video we want to have a couple of scrollable images in their feed on Facebook then we upload our pictures that we created in canva and in the headline we always want to I mean not always you can obviously do whatever you want but I like to put my PR in the brackets here and then here make model of the car and then maybe here for example if there are no accidents I want to put it there if the clean Carfax if there's a clean Carfax I also want to put it there the in the description I put the kilometers I click the check box uh automatically show the best performing cards first because Facebook will then after spending a couple of dollars I mean tens of dollars will then realize which image is best performing one so that it will always start with that one for better results in the primary text this is how I structure my text the same thing that I put in the headline here which is the price year make model all the car description details kilometers always put just even if it's 150,000 kilm I'll still put that Bo in there this part is obviously variable depending on the car kilometers everything but then this part second one is same for all the cars that I will be using here this is the message template that I use this is how it's going to going to show up right and I name the template after the the car and then I click save and that's pretty much done at the end obviously you click publish also if you don't want to waste your time engaging in those conversations that might lead to them ghosting you not leaving their phone number and you just want to save your time and get their phone number right away this isn't but still save a little bit of money maybe pay $8 $10 for those phone numbers then this is a way out you click here create and then under leads manual leads campaign click continue you name it leads instant form the category is financial and then everything else stays the same you click next and here instant forms Dynamic creative is turned off we're not going to use the catalog here daily budget the minimum that I would suggest if you are on a low budget is 15 always schedule for midnight the next day nothing here you need to select your radius somewhere here let's just say the dealership was in that spot and then this is the radius you can put as much as 80 kilm and add extra bubbles if you really wanted to but I mean 60 is good enough we are limited in terms of the age demographics men women age but we can use detail targeting to our advantage still I would leave it open here my personal preference and then if it doesn't work after a couple of days maybe go back and change it here to used car but I've realized after spending thousands hundreds of thousands of dollars on Facebook is that it's better to just start with open targeting now all languages yes and then here manual this is where we don't want to give Facebook all the power to just waste our money no we want to tell the Facebook where exactly we want to show our videos images advertisements Instagram stories Facebook Stories sure reals yes all of that good stuff Market Place video feeds and then Explorer regular one stories stories reals and that will put us at nine placements so I usually name my adets like this 60 kilm open targeting nine placements and then the audience size is 7.9 million the more the better the problem comes with smaller audiences sizes like if it's under 50,000 then there's a problem 100,000 with a low budget like $15 a day doable 500 okay range a million is a sweet spot above million no problem the modem area next here you can also do the carousel like in the previous one I'm going to just show you a different ad that I prepared this one we want to turn off add Creative Image add and then upload okay select that click Next original original next in the primary text so this is my instant form template this is the primary text that you can use this is the headline number one and the headline line number two Facebook is pretty smart it learns over time pretty well so you want to give him give it a couple of options two headlines one primary text also I just forgot to remove the city and replace it with your City My City Trona okay and everything else is is good and the description going back also we have two options add another one copy and paste call to action uh learn more because it tends to generate more traffic click uh create a form continue form name don't really bother about naming them it's not important so just the date is fine okay next here background image off greeting on Headline buying a vehicle shouldn't be hard what conditional logic is turned off description we want more than that we want actually start with the name email not that important but we'll just leave it there the phone number is the most important for us email phone full name and also you can add additional questions multiple choice good to have are you yes no why are we adding those qualifying questions honestly that's just for the leads to be intrigued about the options that they might get from filling out this form also it will sort out the flaky leads who are are not time invested in this whole process and they just kind of like pressing buttons here and there and not really serious so we at least want a little bit of a Time investment on their part to kind of you know answer a couple of questions so that when we call them they're not going to be wasting our time question multiple choice electric Hybrid gas diesel and the last question yeah sedan SUV van or truck beautiful next uh privacy policy yeah for this one it's mandatory for the link you can just use your dealership's website privacy policy copy this website URL and paste it there done next honestly leave it like that if you want to because you already received their phone number email and maybe instead of go to the website call business and just enter your phone number so that they they have an option to call you right away after submitting all of that which is the easiest way now a little bit more advanced I'm going to show you here special promotion okay uh call business no go to website this one is just going to say 30 second pre pre-approval quiz again this is Advanced I'm going to explain how to do it is using like a special software you can create a easy website it's going to look like this on the mobile they again do all of that this and that home address you've been pre-approved for an auto loan to access this loan please provide us with your contact details and then the phone number they will have to click this button verify so that it sends them text message to their to their telephone and they will have to enter the code to be completely verified again just an extra step to make sure they are serious and committed to all this approval process and then click create form and at this point you are done you can name it maybe free winter tires and just click publish and you are done sir now the problem that happens with Facebook ads manager is that you will have to manually go to the Facebook to check your leads there is no an easy way to access them you don't get notifications unless you have the app downloaded on your phone and you have to constantly check what I like to do is connect a CRM to Facebook and then once a lead is submitted it then starts an automation like this which then sends text message to a lead saying we just received your inquiry expect a call from us to discuss your vehicle options and then it also sends them a text message notification to a salesperson assigned to that lead verified credit application full name phone email date of birth address credit budget everything right so you get not notification text notification to your phone and then you can call them right away and the good thing about the CRM is that once the lead is in the system then you can create a automations to follow up with them every day every week by email and text messages until they reply back or until they call you or until they reply stop do not contact me that's finally a dead lead and you've done everything you could to squeeze all the juices from those leads by the way the CRM that I personally use for all my clients it's called go high level here and uh if you're interested then just go to Google it's amazing I love it all my clients love it it's the best but it has 14-day free trial and if you're just starting out you can use my link in the video description and it will give you instead of 14 30 days free trial and also crazy bonuses like person will jump on a call with you to set you up to show you everything how it's done like how to set everything up for your business snapshots websites everything it's crazy stuff if you're interested just use the link in the description and benefit from it instead of just you know getting nothing and only 14 days and again if you liked what you've seen here and you want to see more consider subscribing because I'll be doing more videos like this showing you inside of my business how I help my clients what I do and uh you can just copy and paste it for your business so enjoy bye-bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @danyyilgiba [3 likes]: 📑To get the Template 👉 Subscribe ✚ 💬 Leave a comment ＝I will reply with a private link. Thank You!
🔑🔓 Unlock ALL My Resources for FREE 👉 https://danyyilgiba.com/ghl-bonuses
Work With Me 👉 https://grippingdigital.com/
  2. @leighstone06 [2 likes]: Hi can I get template please
  3. @jwh0122 [1 likes]: 1:58 Special ad categories -> Financial products
4:01 Primary text

5:17 Dynamic creatives: off
6:09 Placements
  4. @LB_RS6 [1 likes]: Great video, what sort of ROAS are you making these dealers?
  5. @RyanDMarrs [1 likes]: Nice video!
  6. @MarketingSimplifiedMe [1 likes]: Excellent video, but most dealerships are very hesitant to just "bring them in" even if the car is sold. That often results in a bad google review and angry customer, even more so if they drove 1+ hour to the dealership. Do you personally feel the pros outweigh the cons even in this case marketing wise?
  7. @jeannamonfiero8914 [1 likes]: Hey Danyyil, this is really helpful. Question: How much per month would you suggest to a car salesman just starting out, to spend on Facebook Ads and still actually get results?
  8. @izamzawahra1715 [1 likes]: Thanks for your video! I was able to launch an Engagement/WhatsApp Carousel ad. When I first published it, the opportunity score was 100, but after a day or two it dropped to 60. They recommended increasing the daily budget, so I went from $10 to $15, then $20, but the score stayed the same. I raised it to $33 and the score only went up to 61.

So far, I’ve spent $65 and only received one message, one comment, and three likes. Is this normal?
  9. @Mahon123 [1 likes]: am living in africa, i dont have a webiste and im a car dealer, i only used instagram profile where i post all my cars, with that said, which objective is best for me, profile visit, leads, engagement...?
  10. @motorstrust-carstruckscarg1045 [1 likes]: Why don’t you use dealer center automatic posting tool…what is the difference
  11. @agatharzt [1 likes]: How can I create a catalog that automatically pulls vehicle inventory from my website, displaying only the vehicles currently in stock updating it daily
  12. @merash2025 [1 likes]: More Facebook Ads tutorials, please. I'm a new media buyer. ❤
  13. @yoursuperchargedlife [1 likes]: Excellent video! Exactly what I needed as a new car salesman. Thank you! I'll also support you by subscribing off of just this one video. Gonna grab your templates too, if that's ok?
  14. @callumsavage2076: so helpful thank you
  15. @CLast-nd7tg: nice content @dannyilgiba

- The Best Facebook Ad Campaign Objectives in 2026: Kind: captions Language: en if you want your Facebook ads to succeed you have to choose the right Facebook ad objective and it's essential that you choose the right objective for your specific business and the strategy you are using in this video I'm going to explain the options and which one you should use so to demonstrate this I'm in an example Facebook ad account I'm in ads manager I'm going to go ahead and click on this green plus create button um and then you can see that one of the very first things that we're being asked to decide when it comes to creating a new Facebook ad campaign is the camp campaign objective and the campaign objective is incredibly um important because it determines how meta is going to optimize your campaigns um and that has an enormous impact on your results and you'll see that as as we go through this process so you select your campaign objective that changes a load of the defaults and and preset settings as you go through the rest of the campaign creation process so if you get this wrong your campaigns are highly unlikely to succeed if you get this right you've got a much much greater chance of getting the results um that you really want okay so I'm going to start with traffic as the campaign objective I know it's not the top one on the list but I want to start with it because it's where a lot of um new advertisers in particular start because it's one of the quickest and easiest ones to use you want to send people through to your website go ahead and use traffic pop the link in you think I'll send as many people to website as possible they'll then go on to purchase they'll then go on to become a lead whatever it is the action that you you want them to take and you can see here that when I hover over it Met's information about traffic is it's good for link clicks landing page views is basically just a link click but someone actually made it to the point where your landing page loaded um Instagram profile visits um Etc there's some other options for for generating communication now even though that's where a lot of people start and they start because it's easy right you don't need to have the pixel installed to be able to track the actions people take on your website like whether they purchase become a lead and things like that you can just get the ad set up pop the link in boom send people there um done up and running it's not what I'd recommend most advertisers use in most circumstances so I'll give you some scenarios where we would use traffic um and you can see that these don't come up that often the majority of the time you're going to be want to using other um campaign objectives so use traffic if you want to send people to say a blog post and all you really want is for people to consume the content on that blog post you don't want to then take a subsequent action like purchase become a lead you just think if if I could just get people to read this content um that will confer some sort of benefit to me later down the line okay that's one scenario in which we use traffic the other one might be if we're sending people through to our Instagram profile either because we want more followers or you might be using something called the Instagram profile method which is where you sort of convert your Instagram profile into a bit of a uh a sales page a landing page people can see your pinned posts they can see your story highlights consume those and that makes it more likely people will convert that's something that we've done before I actually include a link in the description to another video on um the Instagram profile method in case you want to check out that strategy and how it works those are other scenarios in which we used traffic and then the other one and probably actually the most common would be if we're sending people through to a third party website that we don't have any control over is in we can't install the metapixelatron things along those lines right so those are really the only scenarios in which we use traffic and you can see that doesn't come up all that often when we are sending people through to a website to get sales or sending people through to a website to get leads or just try to generate leads on platform we're not going to be using traffic um hardly ever okay right next campaign objective I want to talk about is engagement okay we'll come back to awareness in a second now we can see that um again meta gives us some information around engagement and what it's good for so they've got messageer Instagram WhatsApp similar traffic basically being able to send people to those places to start a start a conversation uh video views is one of the engagement metrics that the campaign can optimize for and then there's going to be engagement like uh likes shares comments um and things along those lines this is another common one that people uh often start with when they get into Facebook advertising they think yeah I want lots of people to engage with my ad I want them to see the video I want them to click on it like it share it that's going to then lead to uh sales leads all the things my business actually want often it actually doesn't if you go with engagement met is really good getting people putting your ad in front of people who are likely to engage not necessarily take that next step it's a similar story um to traffic okay so when would we use engagement again there are some scenarios but these don't come up all that often we are usually not using the engagement objective so if you're building a Facebook following you can use your Facebook page as a destination to get followers similar to traffic with the Instagram profile uh setup if you're building a Facebook group again you can do the same thing not available in all ad accounts but some you can send people directly um through to um a Facebook group and that's just about it there are some very Fringe cases where you might be running a like a competition style ad to try and get people to really engage like that's really what you want you don't want to do anything else there's a big competition and you're just trying to create lots of noise and activity on uh that business's social accounts and engagement might be used in that scenario but most of the time when we're running ad campaigns and most of my recommendation is like be more direct go for what it is that you really want and engagement whilst it sounds good and whilst it's something that a lot of people who don't know that much about social media think is the objective it's often not going to be um the right way to go for most Facebook and Instagram advertisers now before we move on to the next campaign objective I wanted to let you know that HubSpot who I'm partnering with on this video have created a fantastic free resource that contains 50 examples of high performing Facebook ads that you can model from there is a link in the video description below where you can download these Facebook ad examples they've included ads from Nike Hulu VMO and so much more my favorite part is that it's sorted by industry to make it really easy to find exactly what you're looking for using this free resource to find High performing Facebook ads to model from is one of the absolute best ways to create Facebook ads that can deliver outstanding results you don't need to try and reinvent the wheel especially when you're first learning I'd strongly recommend you check it out and use it to level up your Facebook ad creative check it out using the link in the description below and thanks to HubSpot for sponsoring today's video now it's time to talk about the awareness campaign objective so if I har over this one we have a look at what meta uh mentions so they say awareness is good for reach brand awareness also video views and then you've got store locations um as well okay so awareness sounds like it would naturally be the first step in any sort of Facebook advertising strategy like okay first you advertise to get awareness and then you advertise to get something like sales related down line once you've built a lot of awareness and that's I understand the logic but it it just doesn't really apply um in practice awareness is typically better for larger businesses that have really big budgets that aren't looking to generate direct leads or direct sales they're not looking for anything close to a short-term return on their ad spend big Brands running big campaigns who just want to make sure that their thing is top of mind when you think of a certain category so when you think of a car a big car company might be doing brand awareness campaign so that they brand is top of mind when you think of a car where if you're thinking of a a soft drink you know it's Coca-Cola immediately comes into mind because they do tons tons of brand awareness awareness-based advertising to to help promote the brand that's typically what um awareness is good for so I recommend that most small businesses stay away from Brand awareness if you want anything close to a short-term medium-term return on your ad spend you want to generate direct sales you want to generate direct leads You' be better off with with with different options as opposed to going with uh with awareness now with that said we will use the awareness campaign objective um if we are using my omnipresent content strategy and that can work really well for businesses that sell higher ticket products and services so if you fall in that category definitely go ahead and check out my omnipresent content strategy um I'll include a link in the description below where you can go through and and give that a watch and run through that because I think that might be really valuable um for you as a business so we do use it in those circumstances because it has a specific feature around frequency capping other wise we're typically not going to use awareness unless like I said we're advertising for a really really big business that really they do want brand awareness in that scenario I'll quickly touch on app promotion um fairly self-explanatory with app promotion if you've got an app use it if you don't don't you can use this objective to get app installs you can also use it uh and not everyone is aware of this to help Drive uh app events so things like inapp purchases so you could advertise to existing um app users to try and get them over the line to become like a premium member or whatever it is your app so that's a potential good option now that leaves the two campaign objectives here where we've got leads and sales and I want to talk about these two together now these are the options that we are going to use more than any others by far because if you want sales or you want leads you want to go with sales or you want to go with leads now out of those two you might be thinking okay well as part of my sales for I generate a lead and then I generate a sale like which one should I go for my recomend Commendation is to track the action that is furthest along your sales funnel that you can accurately track so if you could accurately track sales go with sales if not go with leads and you have to factor in attribution Windows into this so let's say for example we're advertising our services as a Facebook ads agency we are far more likely to go with leads because we generate a lead someone say books are cool with us um it's often going to be a re amount of time between that person becoming a lead and then actually that turning into a client that turning into a sale there could be a few weeks in there sometimes happens almost immediately but often it's going to be a well they've got to wait for that call then they've got to have the call then they've probably got to you know what I mean there's steps involved and there's some time there so with meta's attribution window being a maximum of 7 days after the click like is someone going to go from clicking on the ad booking the call having the call um agreeing whatever work it is we're going to do for them paying the do you know what I mean like that's a long time period so we're going to be outside the attribution window also there's difficulties in marrying up the click with the eventual um conversion because there's sort of offline intermediary steps there's a call with one of our sales team who's going to explain the processes they might be sending out via email then um like a proposal and you know examples of previous work and all this sort of stuff involved in that process right so it's difficult to track so we're going to optimize for leads but there are many scenarios if you're like an e-commerce business for example you absolutely go with sales you can track the sales even some service based businesses where people come through to your website and perhaps it's a really quick easy all done online in one go process generate the lead and then the sale um you can go with sale as well but if you can't do that lead is absolutely fine and with leads if I hover over it you can generate leads via your website you can also generate leads within Facebook and Instagram so you can see that leads has got here instant forms so that's where someone clicks on an ad and they're presented with that ad within Facebook within Instagram they can come and fill out their information there without having to come through to your website often you get cheaper leads by using instant form so just something to be aware of that with the leads objective you're not necessarily sending people off platform um you can choose okay so the next thing I want to talk about was performance goal so you can undo a lot of the good work that you did selecting the right campaign objective by selecting the wrong performance goal now if you go with the default performance goal most of the time you're going to be absolutely fine and I've just gone ahead and actually created the leads campaign um I've jumped to the adet level and you can see here we've got performance goal and the default here is maximize number of conversions absolutely fine that's what I want you to go with you may be able to go with maximize value of conversions depending on how you've got your tracking set up so let's say you're generating different types of leads some leads are worth more than others and you've got that information being fed back into your meta ad account using um the pixel then great you can select that option and meta will not only get you as many lead as possible they will get you the ones that are worth more to your business you can do the exact same thing with the sales campaign objective as well well you can maximize number of conversions or maximize value conversions as long as you've got everything set up to track that this is just an example ad account so we don't have that set up here um but I just want to let you know that is an option however there are other goals you could go ahead and select so you could instead of going with leads goal for example uh and getting as many maximize number of conversions you could go with one of these other goals and maximize number of landing page views maximize number of Link clicks well those are going to operate just like traffic campaigns yes you've selected the lead campaign objective but if you go and undo that would work by selecting one of these performance goals it's going to perform just like a traffic goal that's optimizing for either landing page views or link clicks maximize daily unique reach is going to operate or maximize number of Impressions that's going to operate like awareness campaigns that are set up to maximize daily unique reach or maximiz number of Impressions so very very rarely will we use I don't want to quite Say Never um because I'm sure there'll be some circumstance in which we might use one of these as opposed to going with maximize number conversions or maximize value of conversions for a lead camp campaign or sales campaigns but it is extremely rare so please don't go in and undo your good work in selecting the right campaign objective by messing up um the performance goal like I said most of the time when you go with the default uh once you've selected the right campaign objective you're going to be absolutely fine okay a few other things I wanted to mention about campaign objectives so um you can't change the campaign objective of an existing campaign so if you're like ah I don't not using the right one and want to change it no you'll have to recreate the campaign um with a different campaign objective so kind bit annoying but given it it governs how the campaign's optimized it kind of makes sense one thing I really want to emphasize here and really want to get this message across is please don't try and be extra clever and game the system and think okay meta is not going to give me what I really want if I go for sales I'm going to go for traffic and then get the link clicks and then they're going to convert or such and such such and such like it's a very old school way of thinking even years ago I was very skep of that approach but far more advertisers did it absolutely now when meta's platform is so much better at optimizing your ad campaigns at getting you the results you want like please don't go ahead and do that you are almost certainly not going to get better results and by doing that and remember meta is highly incentivized to get us the results that we want because they know that if an Advertiser runs ad campaigns and they get leads and they get sales they're going to keep spending money which is how meta generates the vast majority of its revenue and they might scale their campaigns they might spend more basically us getting leads us getting sales is meta as a business giving us as the customers we're the customers the advertisers not the users we're the customers it's giving us what we want which means we spend more with them which means meta makes more money so they are highly um incentivized to go ahead and do this and I also wanted to quickly show you this which is a poll that I did um on my YouTube channel asking people which Facebook ad campaign objective typically performs best for you right and you can see that my audience is very well trained with what's that 80 almost 85% of the time um people seeing that sales and leads produces the best results for their business with a smattering others like I said there are use cases for all the other ones depending on what people uh want to use but the majority of time it is um sales and leads okay so you now know when it comes to Facebook ad campaign objectives which one you should be using and when what's going to produce the best results for your business but to get the best results from your Facebook and Instagram ad campaigns there are obviously a lot of other things that you need to get right as well and with that in mind I strongly recommend you check out this video in that video I walk you through the entire Facebook ad campaign creation process from scratch I go through how to set the campaign the ad set the ads everything you need to get the best possible results and to get all the settings right that you need to get right I know it could be very very confusing so now you know with the campaign objectives time to move on to the rest of the stuff and you'll find all that info right here

  Top Comments:
  1. @CesarChavezPhotos [4 likes]: 11:15 "LEADS"
  2. @BenHeath: Get personal Meta Ads feedback from me (live) for less than $60 per session:
👉 https://www.skool.com/benheath/about
Let my agency run your Meta ads for you:
👉 https://heathmedia.co.uk/done-for-you/
  3. @ketakalandadze3614: great work, keep going
  4. @Benjamainma: Hey ben and all, love the content! I just had a very strange 'anomaly' and I’d love to get your take on it.

Last week, my Business Manager crashed and all my Pixels became 'unavailable' mid-run. I had two 'Sales' objective campaigns that suddenly had to run with ZERO pixel data feedback for about 8 hours. Paradoxically, my sales tripled (x3) during that window compared to my usual performance.

It felt like the algorithm was 'unshackled' from the pixel's constraints and went full Broad, hitting cheaper CPMs that actually converted. How do you explain this? Is this a known phenomenon where the creative is so strong that the pixel's 'optimization' was actually acting as a bottleneck?

Also, do you think this can be replicated intentionally via 'Traffic' campaigns or Sales campaigns without a pixel, or was it just a 'lucky' glitch in the auction? Thanks all!
  5. @DrewGallagherMusic: does it ever make sense to build a 'cheap' retargeting audience using reach, video views, or traffic, to retarget a larger pool?
  6. @Italianerd91: New member here! You are amazing! Best so far! I have a question.... in case of a new opening of an online shop for body creams into a new country, what would recommend as campaign goal? I was thinking about brand awareness but I am not sure....
  7. @Timtim3384: Another amazing video. Thanks Ben!
  8. @abdullaheditx18: If we want to sell our through messages, which one is best? Leads or Sales? Reply please.
  9. @justme-fe2sf: Ben — thank you for your clear and informative videos.
Quick question: in your experience, is it better to optimize for Add to Cart rather than Purchase when purchases are very limited but ATCs are coming through? I keep hearing that building a stronger signal with ATCs first is preferable to running Purchase when sales are negligible and Meta is effectively guessing. Curious to hear your view.
  10. @eyitsjones: So you mean, I should use the sales objectives even if I want sales on my whatsapp?
  11. @ghazalakhan-b6b: hello,  what kind of campaign is right for motorbike rentals . and want to bring customer on WhatsApp.  what should be performance goal.
  12. @TheGoldbags: I didn't get any sale by running sales ad for like 3-4 months. I'm down to zero and begging for mercy from the gods.

What should I do as a solopreneur???
  13. @imamcomputer-h5c: hlw sir, my name is Riyad Monir , From - Bangladesh,
  14. @smd165: @Benheat
I have opened a playground for children,but more for birthday parties for kids and celebrations,do you have any suggestions for me to advertise so that I can receive more messages and appointments?
  15. @orrwhat8686: Curious to know your thoughts on using Engagement (Video Views) to build a retargeting pool for Sales ads. I'm generally selling tickets for events, trying to use engagement to build some familiarity before hitting them with the ticket sales ads
  16. @smashpickleball10: 🎉
  17. @jethrowegener: As usual Ben, great advice!
  18. @smashpickleball10: 🎉
  19. @tomaxplay_yt1611: Nice video ben watch your videos for practice my english !!  great from argentina
  20. @PmAutoSheets: A lot of people use conversation goal because It reduces the risk of ad rejections, restrictions, or even account bans  . Is that logic!? 😊

- The BEST Facebook Ads Tutorial For Beginners in 2026: Kind: captions Language: en I spent more than 200 million dollars on Facebook ads over the past 12 years working with more than 3,000 clients in just about every industry you could think of. And in this video, I'm going to walk you through the entire process of creating a Facebook ad campaign and an Instagram ad campaign from scratch. [music] So, if you've never created a Facebook ad before, or if you have been on 100% sure that you set up everything correctly, this is the exact video you need because I'm going to show you every single step and setting you need to get right. So, before we dive into the fun stuff and start putting our ad campaign together, we first need to get our account structure just sorted. And what I mean by that is creating a Meta Business Manager account because your Business Manager account is what holds all your Meta ad assets. So, things like your ad account, your Facebook page, your Instagram profile. To do that, you want to come through to this page, which is business.facebook.com. Now, in order to set one of these up, you will need to be logged into your Facebook profile on the browser that you're using. Uh the process is really straightforward. Unfortunately, I can't demonstrate it because we already have tons of accounts. But, if you just come through to this page, make sure you're logged into your Facebook profile, go through the process. Meta's just going to ask for a few simple bits of information about your business. Just very simple, very straightforward to go through. Once you've done that, you'll be taken through to your Meta Business Suite. And this is what it looks like, although yours might look different if you haven't got, you know, the things like your Facebook page and your Instagram profile added as I have here. The Meta Business Suite is a really useful tool, something to know about for later on. You've got things like inbox where you can [clears throat] manage comments on your Facebook and Instagram ad. You can respond or delete them, etc. You've got Lead Center where you can manage the leads you generate via instant forms. More about that later on. You've got Creator Marketplace where you can find creators and influencers to help promote your products and services. Lots of useful stuff in here. But, what we want to do is go ahead and click on settings cuz we need to finish setting up that structure that I talked about earlier. And it's this settings page where we can add in those Meta ad assets that I referred to earlier. So, make sure we get the your Facebook page in your Business Manager account. Same with Instagram account, etc., etc., right? And by the way, yours might look a little bit different because you're not probably going to have more than 100 people added to your Business Manager account and more than 1,000 ad accounts. We literally have more than 1,000 ad accounts in our Business Manager. Um but, that's absolutely fine. You'll still be able to follow along with the process. So, let's start with the Facebook page. I'm going to go here and go over to pages. And then, I'm going to click on this add down here. So, we've got a few different options, right? We've got add an existing Facebook page. So, if you already have a Facebook page, something you're definitely going to want and need to run ads um on Facebook, right? Then, what you want to do is move that page over into this Business Manager account. You can request access to uh request shared access to a Facebook page. So, if it's linked with another Business Manager account for some reason, maybe you've had an agency working on some stuff for you, but you also want to get it out in here, then you can go with that option. Or, you can just go ahead and create a new Facebook page if you haven't got one and need to do so. I think most of you are going to be adding an existing Facebook page, so let's demonstrate that. So, if I go ahead and click on that, it's very, very simple. You just go ahead and add in the Facebook page name or the URL. So, you just want to go ahead and paste the URL to your Facebook page in here as I've done just there. Once I select this, it's going to say it page is already in your business portfolio, so I can't go through the rest of the process, but it's very straightforward. You just go ahead and click next. Um don't worry about review people, we'll cover that in a minute. And then, you just request approval. So, you're basically sending an approval to whoever the admins are of that Facebook page already. That's probably you. That's probably your Facebook profile. You'll probably get a notification and an email. You can just go ahead and approve, and then that page will be moved into this Business Manager, and you've taken care of that. Okay, so let's go ahead and do Instagram accounts next. Same process. We go ahead and click on add. Oh, a quick warning about adding an Instagram account in here. Only Instagram professional accounts can be added to a business portfolio. If you add a personal account, it will be switched to professional. You want a professional Instagram account for your business anyway if you're going to be running ads and operating as a business, that's fine. So, once you add it in, it'll be switched, no problem. You've got to agree to the terms, and then you go ahead and click on add Instagram account. And then, this process is really straightforward, right? So, you just need to log into your Instagram account. Again, if I try to do this, it's going to say it's already added in there. And then, you just provide access by logging in. You don't even then need to approve um via a notification on the other end. So, really straightforward just to go through that. Let's go ahead and cancel. Okay, next, let's do your ad accounts. We've come into ad accounts, and we go ahead and click on add. Again, we've got a number of different options. So, you can create a new ad account. If you've never run an ad before, you've never boosted a post, um then you probably don't have an ad account. You can go ahead and create one. You just want to go ahead and click on create an ad account, and then enter in the information that Meta asks for. Ad account name, so you can just put your business name in there. Select your right time zone. Select your right currency. Make sure you get these right. If you don't, uh it's very difficult to change them uh later on. So, just make sure, you know, this is defaulted to US dollars, but I mean, you can change it. So, most likely I'm going to want to change that to GBP to pounds. Um but, just go through the process. I'm not going to go through it uh like I've explained for previously. We've already got plenty, plenty of ad accounts. But, go through the process um very straightforward, and then your ad account will be created. If you already have one, like I said, if you've ever boosted a post, you've ever run an ad, you do have an ad account. What you want to do is add an existing ad account. So, you click click on this, and you just add in your ad account ID. You paste that in there. Click confirm. Again, a notification will be sent to whoever currently owns that ad account, and you need to then approve that. Very similar process to the Facebook page. I will show you in a minute once we get into the ad account itself and start creating the campaign where to find find your ad account ID in case you're unfamiliar with that process. So, those are the three that you really need to get added in. You need your Instagram account, your Facebook page, uh and your ad account. There are other stuff you can get looked to add in, WhatsApp accounts and other business assets, data sources, all sorts. But, that's really what you need to get started, and you'll you'll see as we go through this process, I really want to make getting your first Facebook and Instagram ad campaigns up and running as easy as possible. We're not going to mess with all the various advanced settings and features. That complicates the process and becomes a barrier to entry. So, let's keep it simple. We can add complexity later on. The other thing quick thing I want to mention is around people. Um this might not be important for you right now if you're only the one who's going to be managing your Facebook and Instagram ads, the only one involved in that process. But, at some point, you might want other people to be involved. So, let me just quickly show you how this works. If I go ahead and click on invite people, you then just need the email addresses associated with their Facebook profile. You can add that in there and then send them the invite. Again, they'll receive a notification they need to accept it. And then, you can assign access. I won't go through that process cuz I can demonstrate it um elsewhere. And then, once you've got someone added, like I've got here, you can go ahead and click assign asset, and you can say, "Look, I want them to have access, for example, to this Facebook page, and I want them to be able to run ads, or or deal with content, or have full control over absolutely everything." Um so, you can give people different levels of access so they can work on the things they need to be able to work on without having to give them access to everything. So, it's quite a quite a neat solution to be able to do this. You want to do that process with yourself, with your own profile. Make sure you get yourself added and give yourself the various assets um that you've added in here, Facebook page, Instagram account, ad account. Okay. So, hopefully that wasn't too complicated. That's our structure set up. What we now need to do is go ahead and dive in and actually create our ad campaign. So, you can create ad campaigns from within the Meta Business Suite, but I'd recommend you do so from within Ads Manager. So, if you go ahead and click on these three little lines or tools, you will see Ads Manager here. And then, if I click on this, you've got a few different options. I want you to come through to the Campaigns tab. Um if you go through to Account Overview and think, "Hang on, this looks very different to everything Ben demonstrates not just um in this video, but potentially in my other videos," it's cuz I'm basically always in the Campaigns tab within Ads Manager. So, now we get to the really interesting part where we can start creating our Facebook and Instagram ad campaign. Oh, just quickly, I mentioned around grabbing your ad account ID earlier to be able to move a an ad account, an existing ad account into your Business Manager account, and you can just grab that up here. Right at the top. Um you'll see that. So, you can come in and uh and paste that in and get it moved over. So, the first thing to know about Meta ad campaigns, about Facebook and Instagram ad campaigns, is that there are three levels to a campaign. You've got the campaign level, and then within that, you've got ad sets, and then within ad sets, you've got ads. And each one of those stages is responsible for different things um around what people see, but also who sees it, various settings, budgets, etc., etc. We're going to go through all of it. But, that's the first thing to understand that you can have, for example, multiple ad sets within one campaign, multiple ads within one ad set. So, it's very much um that sort of structure. So, we want to start by creating a new campaign. So, make sure you've got Campaigns out of those three selected, and then go ahead and click on this plus green create button. And there are a couple of settings that we need to choose right at the beginning because whatever we select here will impact the options available to us later on as we go through the campaign creation process. Don't worry about collaborative ads, more of an advanced thing. We're going to ignore that. Uh not for today, something I talk about in other videos, and and you can move on to later on if that's something that you want to do. But, two things we do need to talk about are the buying types and the campaign objective. So, we've got two different buying types. We've got auction, and we've got reservation. Auction is just the cost of your Facebook and Instagram ads is going to be determined by simple market forces, demand and supply. More demand, higher cost. Less demand, lower cost. And that's demand from advertisers, by the way. How many advertisers there are, how much they're willing to spend. Uh reservation, you can actually guarantee a certain price, often a lower price. And and the cost of Facebook and Instagram advertising is normally measured in CPMs. So, cost per 1,000 impressions. So, it's cheaper to use reservation, but that's not the option I'd recommend you use, which might sound bizarre. Here's why. In order for Meta to be able to guarantee that lower cost, they are going to put your ads in front of lower quality prospects, or lower quality ad placements. The better quality ad impressions are usually seen through auction, and that's a big deal. So, I'd recommend you go with auction. Let's move on to campaign objective. So, you've got six different options here, and they do different things. And your campaign objective is really, really important because it's going to inform how Meta optimizes your campaign. So, you're basically saying to Meta, "This is what I want." And Meta's really powerful machine learning and AI-based systems are going to optimize your ads, work out who to advertise to, what time of day, how often, all those things to get you more of what you want. That's why it's so important to get your campaign objective set up correctly. So, you've got awareness. Awareness is where Meta will put your ads in front of people that are most likely to remember them. Put your ads in front of as many people as possible. Not an option I typically recommend for beginners or for businesses operating with a relatively small Facebook and Instagram ad budget because it can be quite an easy way in those scenarios to spend a bunch of money and not really see anything back for it. What we see with awareness is it can work really well for larger businesses with big budgets because awareness takes time and it takes a lot of ad impressions across a lot of people over an extended period. Bigger businesses have those budgets, smaller ones and beginners to to Meta ads typically don't. There is an exception and that's if you sell a high-ticket or expertise-based service and you might want to use my omnipresent content strategy which typically does use awareness. I'm not going to cover that in this video. I just wanted to quickly mention it and you'll be able to find a video about my omnipresent content strategy in on my channel. So, if you meet that criteria, maybe go ahead and and check that out. But otherwise, for most of you watching this, I would say leave awareness alone for now. Then we've got traffic. Traffic is designed to optimize for as many link clicks as possible or as many landing pages as possible to get as many people from Facebook and Instagram to your website. Now, a lot of beginner Facebook and Instagram advertisers use traffic. They think, "Great. I'll send a load of traffic to my website. I want as many people as possible. I'll then generate my leads, sales, etc. from those people." It's not typically the best way to go though if you do really want purchases or you do really want leads that can go on to use your services. There are better options that we'll get to in a minute because Meta's optimization system is very literal. So, if you say to Meta, "I want as many link clicks as possible." Meta is very good at finding people that are likely to click. But those people don't necessarily go on to convert. Other campaign objectives and options might be better at, yes, generating a few less clicks to your website, but the people that do arrive are far more likely to go ahead and take the next action. Sometimes we are forced to use the traffic objective if you cannot optimize, you cannot track a purchase on your website or you cannot track who becomes a lead. Let's say for example, you're sending traffic through to a third-party site where you can't track the actions that people take once they get there. Well, then you may be forced to use traffic. Engagement is what it sounds like, a campaign objective is going to optimize for likes, comments, and video views. Basically, just getting people to engage with the ads themselves. There are use cases for engagement, but I'm not going to go into them here. Not something I typically recommend most beginners use. The vast majority of Facebook and Instagram advertising beginners want to use either leads or sales and I'll explain I'll talk about both of those together. Um that's what we really want from Meta ad campaigns, particularly if we're operating with a small budget, particularly if we're getting started because you want to generate those leads, generate those sales in the short run to provide the profitability to be able to reinvest and scale your campaigns and your business and that's the whole point why we're running ads in the first place, right? So, leads and sales are much more direct response marketing and and if you select leads, then Meta will optimize your campaign for people who are likely to go on to become a lead. If you select sales, Meta will do likewise. The decision between which one of these two to use is what does your sales funnel structure look like? If someone comes through directly to your website and makes a purchase, go with sales. Meta can track that. You can set up so Meta can track that quite accurately and then you're good to go. If however, people book in a call with you or they sign up for a free quote or something along those lines, they don't actually check out with you online, then go with leads and you can optimize for that step knowing that obviously they need to convert those people whether it's via phone call or email or whatever it whatever your sales funnel structure looks like, right? And then you've got app promotion. If you've got an app, obviously the option to use. If you don't, don't use it. You can use app promotion not just for getting more people to install your app, but also for trying to sell in-app events, whether it's like an in-app purchase for example as well. For demonstration purposes in this video, I'm going to go ahead and select leads, but what I'm about to talk about very much applies to sales which I think 90 plus percent of you what going through this video should be using either leads or sales. So, very much what we go through from now on is sales-based, but the example campaign that I'm going to use is leads-based. So, we're going to use that for demonstration purposes. If I go ahead and click continue, there are a few more things that we need to set at the campaign level, okay? So, the very first thing at the top is campaign name. You just want to call this something that is going to make sense to you when you're reviewing the campaigns. If you've got the one campaign, it's pretty obvious. Once you've had an ad account running for a few years and you've got lots of different campaigns, you run lots of different offers and promotions, you want to label it up something that that makes sense. I'm just going to leave that as new leads campaign, but I just wanted to to quickly note that, okay? So, in these campaign details, we've already talked about buying type, we've already talked about campaign objective. I'm not going to bother with the show more options. Then we get into budget, okay? So, we've got budget strategy. The default selected here is campaign budget, but we can select ad set budget if we want. And to explain the differences between the two, with campaign budget, the budget is set at the campaign level meaning that if you have multiple ad sets, budget will be distributed to those ad sets according to performance. So, if you've got ad set A that's performing much better than ad set B, ad set A will get more of the budget. However, what you can do instead is select ad set budget and say, "No, no, I want to have manual control over how much each ad set gets from a budget perspective." Then you can go ahead and do that. In this instance, the campaign I'm going to demonstrate is only going to have one campaign and one ad set. And in that scenario, it doesn't make any difference whether you set the budget at the campaign level or the ad set level. So, I'm just going to leave that as a default, but I just wanted to explain the options. If you've got multiple ad sets, then might be something that you want to change. You might be happy just leaving it at campaign budget allowing Meta to allocate budget according to performance because if Meta spends more of our budget on the best performing elements, we get better results, right? Then we've got this budget option down here. The default is daily budget. You can change to lifetime budgets. I prefer daily budgets. With a lifetime budget, you end up with a fixed-length campaign. So, let's say you want to run a campaign for 7 days or 14 days, you can go ahead and select lifetime budget and then Meta is going to spend your money to try and get you as many of your result that you want what you've selected as your objective as possible, and but they're going to do that over that time period. So, your spend might be quite lumpy. You might spend very little at the beginning, quite a lot in the middle, very little at the end or it could be a different combination, whatever Meta thinks will produce the best results. Daily budgets are a lot more flexible and a lot more consistent and if you want to run a campaign longer, you don't want to after the 7-day lifetime campaign have to create a new one and Meta go back through the learning phase and everything like that. We'll talk about more about that later on. Daily budgets allows you to do that. You also have more scalability. You can change the budget with a daily budget campaign more easily without running into issues, okay? So, in terms of what to start with, how much should you spend? I've got some some guidelines around that. What I recommend particularly beginners do is they set a budget that they could afford to lose. So, you you wouldn't be in financial difficulties either you or your business if you ran the ad campaign, you spent this much money on it and it didn't work out because it's a marketing campaign. There are no guarantees. You may well need to try a few different offers in your ads in order to find one that lands. You may need to test a few different ads to find one that lands, right? So, there's no guarantee it's going to work out really well from day one. Obviously, going through this video is really going to help you and increase your your chances of success there, but no guarantees. So, let's be smart about this. But on the other hand, you don't want to spend a budget amount that is so small that you don't care about it at all. You don't want to be one of these things where you set it up and just think, "Ah, whatever. It's going to take a long in the background." You want to be involved and engaged in the process and I find that there's often a sweet spot where you could afford to lose that money and it wouldn't be disastrous, but it would sting a little. That's normally a sweet spot where you're really actively in there, but you've given yourself time to be able to test and experiment and work out what can work right there. So, I'm just going to leave this as the default, but just that that's going to vary massively depending on the business. There's no right amount which is a question I get asked a lot. For some businesses, that's going to be $10 a day. For others, it's going to be $5,000 a day. Like varying sizes of businesses, massively different budgets. What matters and what they can afford to lose very very different, right? Then we've got campaign bid strategy. Now, this is really important. If I go ahead and click on this, you can see this is says how we'll bid in ad auctions. Highest volume is the default. That's exactly what I want to go with here because that will determine how Meta optimizes the campaign. Basically, we set this up as a leads campaign and we want the highest volume of leads as possible, right? There are other options. We could add in a cost per result goal or a bid cap to say, "I'm only willing to pay a certain amount." Not something I'd recommend you mess with as a beginner. So, I'm not going to worry about the more settings or the AB testing. Those are more advanced things you may want to look into later on. I have videos covering them all, but for now we want to make it as simple as possible to get set up and and get started to gain momentum, then you can look to make things more complicated. We do need to talk about special ad categories though. So, special ad categories, if your ads fall into any of these categories, right? They're related to financial products and services, employment, housing, social social issues, election or politics, then you have to select that that's the case. When you do that, it is going to impact some of the options you have later on through the campaign creation process. So, for example, for a lot of these, you're going to have unlimited targeting options and have to rely more on Meta to be able to work out who to put your ads in front of. It's a way of sort of protecting user privacy and things along those lines. Um if you do fall within one of these categories or you think you might fall in one of these categories, definitely select it. If you don't and then you go ahead and run ads anyway, a good chance not only your ads will be rejected, but your whole ad account can get disapproved which can then be quite difficult to overturn or you have to create a new ad account. Not something that you want to deal with. Most of you won't have any of these as a as an option for, you know, that you'll need to select and given what it is you're advertising, but for those that do, make sure you go ahead and select them. I'm not going to there. I'm going to go ahead and click next. Okay, so that's the campaign level done. Now we move on to the ad set level where we've got a bunch of other settings that we need to decide and set things up. So, the first we need to choose here is the conversion location. Where do we want these leads to occur? Where do we want them to take place? We just set this up as a a leads campaign. Again, very similar process for a sales campaign. Now, the default here is website and instant forms. So, website is pretty straightforward. It's I want to generate leads via my website. So, send people from Facebook, from Instagram, to my website where they can then book a call or fill out a contact form. Few different types of leads, obviously, where they can go ahead and become a lead. Instant form is a little bit different. That's where you can click on an ad, say within Facebook or Instagram, instead of going through to your website, you are instead presented with an instant form. A form where people can provide their contact information that then allows you as the business to reach out to them and hopefully progress that lead into a full customer. And with this conversion location selected, you can generate leads either via your website or via instant forms. And Meta will test both, see which performs best, and then allocate budget accordingly. They may also predict for an individual user, is this person more likely to become a lead via website or is this person more likely to become a lead via an instant form? So, different people might see different ads or different conversion locations go through the process. For the purposes of this video though, and and sort of getting started with your Facebook and Instagram ads, keeping things as simple as possible, we talked about that being important, get some results, gain momentum, and then you can look to add in more complicated things. I'm just going to go ahead and select website because having instant forms there as well means you need to create an instant form. That's a whole extra element as part of the the campaign creation process. But, you probably already have a landing page that you can send people to. That may well want to be improved, but like I said, let's let's make it as easy as possible to get started and reduce that barrier to entry. And also, if you are running through this, following along with this tutorial, creating a sales campaign, you're an e-commerce business, for example, well, you're not going to have the instant form option, and you're going to want to be sending people through to your website. So, we can all sort of follow along if I select website. I think that's a good option for a lot of beginners. Now, if you don't have a website and you want to get started quickly and easily generating leads via Facebook and Instagram, then you can just go ahead and select instant forms and just have that as an option and and not need a website. Um but yeah, but I think for most people they will already have one who's watching this video, and that's a a good way to go. But, you can also see there are lots of different ways to generate leads, right? You can generate leads via Messenger, uh via Instagram, via WhatsApp, calls. People can call your business. So, depending on your business, where you are in the world, for example, WhatsApp's a lot more prevalent in certain parts of the world than others, that might be a really good way to go where you can start a chat on WhatsApp and look to generate leads that way. Um you might want to have a play around with this and think about for your market, for your business, what what makes the most sense. And you can always test multiple options. Nothing wrong with that. In fact, I actively encourage that sort of thing as you can often find ways of improving things when you do so. So, once we select our our conversion location, in this case website, that is going to change what options we have down here. The the most important of which being performance goal. So, I talked earlier at the campaign creation stage about how important the campaign objective is in getting that right. You can still mess up a good campaign objective selection with a bad performance goal. Because what the campaign objective selection really does is it determines which options you have later on. The performance goal is how Meta's going to optimize your campaign. So, let me click in here and we can take a look at the options, right? So, the default is maximize number of conversions, but underneath leads goals we also have maximize value of conversions. Now, maximize number of conversions is absolutely fine if you're advertising the one service, and when someone becomes a lead, they look just as valuable as anyone else who becomes a lead. But, if you're advertising multiple services, then it might be that one service, if someone goes on to convert, they're worth $200 to your business. Whereas with another service, if they go on to convert, they're worth $5,000 to your business. There's a massive difference in the value of those two leads depending on what they've said they're interested in. If you go with maximize value of conversions, then Meta is going to not just try and get as many conversions as possible, but optimize and weight it in favor of the more valuable conversions. In other words, you might end up paying more in terms of cost per lead, but that's a trade-off you'd be happy to make if you got more leads for the $5,000 service as opposed to the the $200 service, right? So, this really depends on your business which one you'll go with. If you're just advertising the one service within this campaign, absolutely fine to go with maximize number of conversions. But, if you've got differing services with differing values, definitely go with maximize value of conversions. Now, in order to track that, you're going to need to make sure that you've got all the tracking set up properly. So, you're going to need to have the Meta pixel installed and the values of each lead being sent back to Meta. I've got a video about pixel installation, you're going to need that if you're sending people to your website uh no matter what, you're going to need to have the pixel installed properly. Um and I've also got videos on conversions API, which is something else that's recommended from a tracking standpoint. So, you can check those out um cuz that's an important part of the the setup of a campaign creation process of getting started with Facebook and Instagram ads if you are sending people through to your website. Uh check out those videos, but yeah, that's the difference between those two. If you're running a sales campaign, you have basically the same options, but the wording might be slightly different. And in that scenario, let's say you're a real e-commerce business, I would absolutely recommend you go with the value option, with the option that maximizes return on ad spend or maximizes value. Because you can always track differing values because they go through straight to your website and purchase there and then. And some people will spend a little bit when they check out. Some people will spend a lot when they check out, and it's really important that you get Meta to optimize for the people that are more likely to spend more when they come through to your to your website. So, definitely go The wording might be slightly different in terms of what these are called, but you'll see the same options, right? Between just get me as many sales as possible versus get me the most value overall as possible. So, uh act in favor of the higher value purchases, the higher value checkouts, right? In this instance, I'm just advertising the one service with the leads being equally valuable when they become a lead within this campaign, so I'm going to go with maximize number of conversions, but just wanted to talk through that option. Now, what's really, really important, is what I said a second ago around if you get your performance goal wrong, you can mess up your campaign um even if you've selected the right campaign objective, is do not select one of these other goals. So, don't say maximize number of landing page views or link clicks. If you do that, it's going to run just like a traffic campaign, and you'll get lots of clicks, lots of landing page views, probably not many leads, not many sales. Don't go with daily unique reach. That's going to run just like an awareness campaign uh or maximize number of impressions, very similarly, right? So, you can sort of you can mess things up by selecting one of these other goals. Go with the leads goals or the sales goals, and you should be all good. Uh data set, I already talked about the pixel, but just double-check to make sure that yeah, the pixel's installed. This is an example of ad accounts, we've got example ad accounts pixel. Like I said, I have other videos you can check out on those. And then we need to choose the specific conversion event that we want to optimize for. So, we're saying to Meta, look, get me as many conversions of this conversion as possible. For that, you're going to have the pixel set up properly. But yes, we want as many leads as possible. We could change that to schedule or one of the other options that um that we might want to optimize for as part of our leads campaign. You'll see a similar process for a sales campaign where you can optimize for purchases or you can optimize for add to carts. My preference would be to go for purchases provided you're generating enough purchases for Meta to be able to learn. We know that that process is important. If not, you might need to go for a step that's higher up um the sales funnel, okay? Anyway, moving on. Don't worry about cost per result goal, not something to mess with. Don't worry about value rule sets. We've got a value rule set preview here, but this is very much, you know, cuz I demonstrated this as an example ad account in previous videos. I have videos on value rules if you want to check this out, not something that um beginners need to mess with, neither the show more options or the dynamic creative. We get next down into the budget schedule. Now, we've already talked about the budget being set at the campaign level, and we've talked through the logic of how much you want to spend, and you want to go with daily budgets and all that. Here, we really just have now the power to set a start and end date. You might want to set an end date if it just provides some sort of like mental security that, okay, this campaign's not just going to run indefinitely, and I'm going to forget about it and end up spending far more than I want. You can go and set an end date. We're going to be in our campaigns plenty enough where we just don't need to worry about that. We're managing them all the time and that sort of thing. Again, I'm not going to mess with show more settings here, either. Lots of advanced stuff that we're scooting over, but I think that's helpful when you're getting started. Okay, then we get down into the audience section. And the audience section is all about targeting. And targeting's probably the thing that made, what originally was just Facebook ads, famous. Uh but even as Instagram was added, that's the thing that got marketers and advertisers excited about the platform, is the ability to be able to target. There's been a lot of changes to the targeting process, and we're in a very different place than what we were, say, 5, 6 years ago. Um Meta's targeting is still very powerful, but the setup is different. I'll I'll go through it and explain. So, within this audience section, we have two main categories. We've got controls, and we've got suggested audience. The difference between these two sections is that anything set within the control section is a hard constraint, a hard boundary. So, you can see, for example, the location, which I'll talk about in a second, the default here is United Kingdom. Meta's going to basically follow that instruction, right? We're only going to put ads in front of people in the United Kingdom. Whereas anything added in this suggested audience section is a suggestion. You're basically giving Meta's targeting algorithms an indication of who you think should see your ads, who your ads should be put in front of, but at the end of the day, it's up to Meta to either go with people within that targeting criteria or find other people that it thinks will are likely to get you more of what we talked about up here, which is maximize number of conversions, lead conversions, basically. Who's likely to become a lead might be outside of your targeting criteria, and Meta can go beyond that with the suggested audience section. So, let's run through this. So, the first thing we need to decide is location. This is defaulted to the whole of the United Kingdom because that's where I'm based, but that may or may not be right for your business, right? So, what should we do here from a targeting standpoint? It's very simple. Advertise where your customers are. That might be one country, that That be the whole of the UK, that might be international. So, for example, we could advertise the whole of the UK. We could advertise the whole of the US. So, for example, our major markets as an agency are going to be UK, US, Australia, Canada. I mean, we actually have clients literally in 50 plus countries, um Western Europe, and Singapore, and UAE, and all sorts, right? Um but our major major markets are going to be, you know, UK, US, Canada, etc. So, we could, for example, look to advertise to multiple countries. Or, if you're a local business, you could get a lot more specific. So, let's say, for example, you're a local business based in Bath, which is a place in the UK. Uh so, Bath in Somerset. And if I delete out the United States, we can see in the map where we're targeting. So, we've got Bath plus 25 mi as a default. You might go, "Oh, no, you know, that's too far. People either aren't willing to travel to us, if you're a local business from that sense, or we're not willing to travel that far." Cuz local business could be either way, right? You could be a plumber traveling to customers, or you could be a cafe with people coming to you. Um so, you could go, "No, no, no, no, no, we're going to go with 15 mi around. I think that's more appropriate." Obviously, you can you can decide this. Now, I don't want you to overthink this. I don't want you to think, "Well, I'm a local business, but um I have to advertise nationally because Meta likes nice big audiences like No, no, no, just where your audience are. I also don't want you to artificially constrain the location targeting just because you think that's where the people are who are most likely to be interested in in in your products or services. So, for example, if you sell products nationally in the UK, don't go, "Oh, I'm only going to advertise in London because people in London are wealthier, and they're more likely to buy my products or services." Like, Meta will work that out. And if your uh best prospects are in a certain location, more of your ad spend will be spent there. But you don't want to artificially constrain it because Meta might think might find some people that are in not in that location that are also great prospects, even if the density of those people in those other locations is lower, right? So, basically, where your customers are is good to good to select. One thing to quickly mention about local businesses is you now have this option, which is reach more people likely to respond to your ads and deselect it. So, it says here, "We'll also show ads to people interested in your selected cities and regions in those countries." So, for example, do we want people Do we want to advertise to people that are interested in the city of Bath or not? A lot of local businesses find that they'll generate leads from people that have perhaps traveled to that location, but if you're a roofer, that's not overly helpful because you're not going to be able to serve those people that live halfway across the country. So, a lot of local businesses want to deselect this, even if Meta pops up a warning saying you're likely to see um worse results. 6.7% lower cost per result if you select it. Yeah, but what's the point of having a lower cost per lead if you can't service those leads in this scenario. So, most local businesses want to deselect this. For demonstration purposes, though, I am going to go with uh for the rest of this video, United Kingdom, and just leave it at that, okay? Right, moving on. We've got show more controls. So, in show more controls, we've got a minimum age, so you can select anything from 18 up to 25. This is typically recommended if you're advertising something in a particular location, and there are legal restrictions on who can and can't buy it. For example, in some places, you need to be 21 to buy certain things, right? So, you want to select 21 as your minimum. Otherwise, often best to uh leave it open. It only goes up to 25. This is not like strict age targeting criteria. This is just uh for the purposes that I described. Custom audiences is I'll explain in a second. And then we've also got languages, right? So, it could be that you could only serve people that speak a certain language within a certain location. If you operate within a country with multiple languages, and you think, "Ah, we're only able to serve this uh market," then you can go ahead and add in specific languages, um if that's appropriate for your business. Most of the time, it's not going to be. Go with all languages. I'm going to leave that as the default. Then we get down And that's all you have control over from a hard boundary standpoint. Like, do not go beyond these targeting constraints, so please Meta. Okay, so then we've got the suggestion audience section. So, like I said, these are suggestions. This is designed to give Meta direction, particularly helpful when you've got a new Meta ad account, when Meta doesn't know who's likely to become a lead. They don't know that people interested in cats who are 43 and live in this certain location are most likely to buy your products and services, right? That's an example. Um >> [snorts] >> So, here we can give Meta some direction. So, we The first thing we've got is include these custom audiences. And I said I'd talk about custom audiences a second ago. Custom audiences are warm audiences, people who have interacted with your business before. Lots of different types of custom audiences, people who have visited your website, people on your email list, people who have engaged with your Facebook page or Instagram profile, watched videos of yours, become leads, all sorts. I've got whole tutorials about targeting and setting up custom audiences, and definitely something you want to do later on. For now, don't worry about it. Firstly, you probably don't have much in the way of custom audiences yet if you're just getting started with your advertising. Secondly, they can always be created and added in later on. Okay, then beneath that, we've got age. Now, remember this is a suggestion. So, often you want to say to Meta, "These are my This is the age range of my ideal prospects, my ideal customers." But again, Meta can choose to go outside that if they think there are people that are likely to convert. So, what we typically do here is not get too restrictive, but just think about like your core demographic, your core target market. So, for a business like ours, that's probably going to be something like 30 to 55 in terms of we're looking to reach business owners, and marketing professionals, and marketing managers. Yes, there's going to be some people younger, some people older, of course, but that might be our core. Then you've got genders. If you skew one way or the other heavily, like 90% men, 90% women, then go ahead make a selection. Otherwise, it's fine to leave it all. Remember, Meta's going to work a lot of this out for us in terms of um who's likely to take the action we want to take. And then we've got detailed targeting. So, here we can add in demographics, interest, behaviors. You can browse the various categories and look for this. But often, what I recommend to get started is just entering some obvious options that sound about right for your target audience. So, for example, we might have something like social media marketing. If I add that in as an option, right? So, people interested in social media marketing as some as as a group of people that you might be wanting to target. Uh we could have something like business page admins. So, anyone that's an admin of a of a business page um on Meta, then great. We can go ahead and target those people. Couple of simple options. You can add in none here, you can add in one, you can add in four. There's no right amount. These are all suggestions. This is just giving Meta direction. Don't spend a ton of time on this. It doesn't matter. Seen a lot of people get really hung up on this, and like test too much. That's what we used to do a number of years ago, not what we do anymore. You can click on further limit the reach of your ads, and then get really specific with the targeting, and basically say to Meta, "No, I only want to target these people." Not something I'd recommend for most beginners. It overcomplicates it, and typically, we see better results now by giving Meta direction, and letting Meta's machine learning algorithm work it out, as opposed to us advertisers trying to have too much specific control. Then beneath that, we've got placements. So, placements refers to the locations where your ads can be shown. So, if we click in here, we can have a look, right? So, if we click into more settings, and we've got placement controls, uh included is 24. So, we can see Well, actually, if I go above that, we've got platforms. So, we've got the the five platforms currently, Facebook, Instagram, Audience Network, Messenger, or Threads. They're places where ads can be shown. And we can say, "No, no, I don't want any of my ads to be shown on Threads." Not sure why you'd do that, but you can if you want. Um Audience Network is typically considered the lower-quality placement option. Audience Network's going to refer to things you you you'll have interacted with these before, where you sort of click through on something on Meta, and you come through to like an article or an app or something along those lines. That's going to be Audience Network. So, sometimes advertisers will look to to deselect those. I'll explain that in a second. And then if we click into placements, we can see all the various options, right? So, we can break it down by all the different feeds, and say, "No, I don't want to advertise on feeds, or I only want to advertise on stories and reels, or or etc., etc.," right? So, what would my recommendation be here for setting this up? If you are using a leads campaign or a sales campaign, just leave it as is. Basically, let Meta run ads on all placements because they're only going to put your ads on those placements that Meta thinks are going to get you the result that you've asked for for a lead, for a sale. So, absolutely fine. If, however, you are forced to run a different campaign objective, like traffic, because you cannot track the leads or sales that you generate, then I do think you want to become more specific, and the obvious option is just to get rid of the Audience Network. Because what you don't want is for Meta to put your ads on the placement options that are lower quality, less likely to lead to a conversion, but that's exactly what Meta will do if you're not optimizing for a conversion, because those placements are cheaper. Other advertisers aren't as interested in those, therefore, the cost is lower. Remember, the price is set by simple demand and supply. And um and and yeah. So, you might want to come in and deselect Audience Network if you aren't able to track conversions. Most of you will be. You'll have the pixel set up, and you're all good. Then you can go ahead with just the default, which is uh everywhere, all 24 placement options, and all five platforms. Run AB tests. Great thing to do later on, not something you're going to worry about right now. Um all this stuff here of brand suitability and inventory filters, and all that sort of stuff, it that is beyond the scope of what most beginner advertisers want to get into. You can get really lost in this. It's basically you as an advertiser more control around what your ads are put alongside, the context around them, all those sorts of things. A thing that a lot of big brands care about quite a lot, cuz they really care about their brand image. I personally don't feel like, you know, what your ad is around when a user is seeing your ad in context of other um stuff that they see on Facebook and Instagram is that important. I think it kind of operates as an isolated thing anyway. We're sort of used now to scrolling through reels or stories, and you see very different things, right? Different contexts. They're not necessarily one is associated with the other um straight after it. So, I don't feel like it's a big deal, but bigger brands uh find this sort of stuff quite important, and often mess around with it significantly. Most of the time, it hurts results, but not something you need to worry about as beginners. And that is the ad set taken care of. So, now let's go ahead and jump over to the ad level. Okay, so now it's time for the ad level, the most interesting part, the level that determines what people actually see when they are presented with your Facebook and Instagram ads. First thing at the top here to quickly mention is partnership ads. Love partnership ads, allow you to run ads with creators and influencers to help promote your products and services. These are awesome, not something for beginners. You want to get started with some simpler campaigns first, but definitely look to add this in later on. I have content all about them. Then you've got identity. So, make sure that the Facebook page, Instagram account, and Threads profile that your ads are going to come from on those various platforms are all correct. I see people make errors here. And by the way, those are my accounts. If you want more information on Facebook and Instagram advertising, go ahead and give me a follow on whichever you typically use. Branding's more of an advanced thing, don't need to worry about that. Then we get into ad setup. So, we've got create ad, which is the default. You could also use existing post. So, if you already have a post, say, on your Instagram profile that's done well, and you think, "Oh, I want to run that as an ad." You can go ahead and select existing post, choose it, and go for it. Most of you are going to want to be creating ads, and that's typically what I'd recommend. When you use existing post, some of the functionality is a bit limited because it already exists as a post as opposed to having full flexibility of an ad. And also, in terms of what you put out there as, say, organic posts on on Facebook and Instagram versus what you use as ads, there's normally differences in the content that's used. So, when you use when you're running ads, you're normally going to have a strong call to action and things like that, right? So, typically you're going to be creating ad. So, we're going to go ahead and use manual upload. Advantage plus catalog ads, again, slightly more of an advanced thing, not something I'm going to cover here, but just to know that if you are an e-commerce business and you want to run you have a catalog, you want to run ads using a catalog, this is a great way to go, particularly for retargeting warm audiences, people that have maybe checked out product but haven't yet converted. So, definitely something to look to add in later on. I've got content on that you can find on my channel. But for now, we're going to go with manual upload. Next, choose the format. Do we want a single image or video? That's what I'd go with here. I'm going to use an image. Like I said, I want the campaign creation setup for you guys to be as easy as possible to get started, but you can run carousels. Carousels are like um cards of different So, you've got an image with some like a headline, another image with a headline, another image headline, some pricing information, sometimes extra info. And you've probably seen carousels before. Uh multi-advertiser ads, honestly, we've tested this, and we don't really see any difference whether we have this selected or deselected. So, I'm happy to leave it on. Multi-advertiser ad says, "Your ad can appear with others in the same ad unit to help promote discoverability." Doesn't seem to make much difference either way. So, happy to to leave that on. And then we get onto destination. Now, your destination is where people are going to be sent after they click on your ads. So, because we selected website as the conversion location at the ad set level, we need to enter in a website URL. So, this could be a product page if you're advertising a product, uh could be a specific landing page for a service, could be even maybe the homepage of your website, wherever it is that you want to send people directly. So, I'm going to go ahead and paste a link in here and just quickly explain um what we're going to be using as the example cuz I've got an example campaign I'm going to quickly put together, an example ad I'm going to put together uh to help you understand the process. So, we have a thing called the Meta Ads Mentorship Program, and just quickly explain what that is. Included in it, we've got unlimited one-to-one support. People can ask us any questions they've got about their Meta ads. It's designed to provide them all the support they need to get the best possible results um from Facebook and Instagram ads. We do daily live calls and Q&As with me and my expert team members. We've got exclusive educational material, that sort of thing, right? That That's the offer that we're going to be advertising. By the way, if you are interested in that, there's a link in the um video description. But that's what we're going to be using as the offer, um so just to give you a bit of context around that before we move on. So, I've gone and and entered in the URL to the landing page for people to come through and book a call. And when we run ads for our our Meta Ads Mentorship Program, which we do all the time, um that's exactly where people are sent, straight through to this page where they can go ahead and book a call. Once you enter in the URL, you'll start to see the preview over here, which is really useful. You can't see much yet, but as we add in things like ad creative and ad copy, we'll be able to see what it looks like um for the user that's actually going to see it over here in the preview, which is helpful. So, we have this first option called display link. Um so, you can see here we've got admasters365.com, which is the link that I've added in up here. We could change that using display link if you want to. I don't want to here, just wanted to quickly highlight that it's an option. Then we've got these browser add-ons. The default is none, and that's what I'd recommend you go with for now. I think that some of the stuff gets a little bit too complicated, a little bit too advanced for beginners. Um you can add, for example, a call button to your website, an Instagram direct button on your website. People would be able to message you via Instagram, WhatsApp, etc. Something you might want to mess around with later on. In general, we don't tend to use these because we want people to take a very specific path, as in they come through to a website or a landing page, and they take the one action we're sort of leading them to take as opposed to confusing them with various different actions. But your business might be like, "No, I'd love a phone call. I'm very happy to chat with people via WhatsApp." Then you can go ahead and set those up. Instant experience, again, not something we're going to worry about as part of this tutorial. And the same with Facebook event. If you are advertising a Facebook event, you're going to have to go through that, but the vast majority watching this are not going to fall into that category. Then we get into the ad creative section, right? So, we've got set up creative, and then we can choose between image ad and video ad. Like I said previously, video ads can perform really, really well. Image ads are much simpler for people to to create, and I'd often recommend that advertisers get started there. You can always look to produce uh more sophisticated ad creative, things like video, later on. I've got video tutorials showing you how to do that you can find on my channel, but we're going to start nice and simple, reduce that barrier to entry, and go with image ad. And once you select image ad, the first thing that's going to happen is Meta's going to try and add in these various extensions. So, um we've got some branding information here, stuff that Meta's going to use to try and work out when they produce AI-generated assets. You'll see what that looks like in a second. And they're going to use this information that we add in here. And then we've got site links, right? So, Meta's going to add in extra links to other pages on our website um where people can go directly instead of the main one that we're looking to send people to. So, in our case, site links could be things like sending people through to a case studies page, or to a how it works page, or something like that, right? Um I think for beginners to get started, we want to make this straightforward. Don't worry about adding in any of the branding stuff. We're not going to rely too heavily on the AI-generated assets for now, anyway. And I'd also probably turn off site links. It might be really appropriate for your business. You might think, "No, great. I'm coming maybe from a Google Ads world where you're used to site links." But if you don't have experience with that, it's just it's added complication at this stage, another thing to worry about. And again, I don't really want, when I'm running my ads, people to come through to other pages on my site. I want them to come through to the one place I want to come through, which is our landing page, where they can go in and book a call. So, I'm going to ignore this stuff for now. I'd recommend you do the same to get started with. Okay, and then we get to media. So, a few different places where you can grab the imagery or videos that you're going to use. You can get them from your Instagram account. You can get them from your Facebook page. You can get them from your ad account if you've uploaded previously. Well, we've obviously got a bunch of options here because this is an example ad account, so I upload stuff to be able to to demonstrate. Um but just wanted to highlight that if you've already got stuff, or you can just go ahead and click upload over here and select um any files you've got from your computer and and get those uploaded. Very straightforward. I've actually already uploaded the files that I'm going to use for demonstration purposes. Like I said, we run ads for my Meta Ads Mentorship Program already, so we have image ads that I can literally demonstrate. So, I'm going to go ahead and select this option and click next. And you can see that when you add in your ad creative, Meta's going to show you what it looks like in the three main formats, the three main aspect ratios, right? You've got a square, you've got vertical, and you've got horizontal. Now, horizontal is by far the least important cuz as a proportion of your um ad impressions, horizontal's going to be the fewest by far. Most of your ad impressions are going to be from a square um ad format or a vertical ad format. Square's typically going to be used for things like the feeds, um Facebook, Instagram feeds, lots of feed options. Vertical's going to be things like stories, reels across both platforms. Now, what you can see is that because I've uploaded a square image, it works brilliantly for the square format. But in the vertical and the horizontal, not so great. So, in an ideal world, what you would do is you would either crop, if possible. So, let's say we turn that to 9:16, try and make it That just doesn't work, right? Cuts off all the text. That just It just won't work at all as an ad. So, we can't do that. Ideally, you would either crop and and change the the dimensions, or you would replace it with a different image that is specifically designed and formatted for that aspect ratio, which is exactly what I'm going to do. So, I'm going to click replace there, and we've got a vertical one that's been selected. Go ahead and put back. You see that looks much better in that format, right? You don't need to do this. This is kind of an optional extra. Meta is really smart nowadays, so they would have taken this image and probably made something fairly similar-looking to this using um like image expansion, and they'll fill in the top and bottom for vertical locations, and they'll do something with this to make it look good. But just wanted to highlight that if you have the capacity to spend a little bit more time and effort on the creative, and make sure it looks good in the various placement options, then doing so could be a good way to go. Um right, just to quickly highlight the image as well. So, this is obviously really simple um what we've got here. So, it's a picture of me. Mostly, when we're advertising our mentorship program, it's to warm audiences, people who've already exposed to my business. People are unlikely to sign up for a mentorship program if they don't know who the person is that's going to be mentoring them, right? So, so because of the nature of this offer, it's warm audience specific, so we definitely want a photo of me in there. That's going to help grab attention. Very simple text on the image, "Want me to mentor you?" Very clear what this offer is all about. And then it's kind of small, hopefully you can see it, but we've basically just got three testimonials highlighted, you know, almost an 8x ROI in 3 weeks from someone, made $29,000 with a 7.3x ROI in 30 days, and from 30 euros a day ad spend to a 100K month in sales in just 3 months. So, differing degrees of spend and success, but just a few quick snippets that people can look and be like, "Wow, I'd love a result like that or results like that for my business. So, you could is relatively easy to replicate something like this even if you don't have much in the way of graphic design skills and things like that. Right, anyway, moving on. So, let's go ahead and click next. Now, we get into the text into the ad copy section. So, the first part is primary text. Now, in different placement options, the copy and the text appears in different locations. But, if you think about like a traditional Facebook feed on mobile, you're going to have the primary text above the image. Then, you're going to have the image, then you're going to have the headline underneath it, and then beneath that you're going to have the description and and the call to action button off to the side. Okay, so that's typically how it's going to work. So, let me grab a primary text that I've got that we've used to advertise my Meta Ads Mentorship program. And all the stuff I'm adding in here is stuff that has worked well and it's good to learn from real life examples that have performed well. So, let's do that. Okay, so just pasted in the primary text. Now, if I just quickly read this so that you understand the sort of thing I'd recommend you go with and and what we're looking to do here. So, you've got tired of wasting money on Facebook ads that don't deliver? We'll mentor you daily to explode your revenue. Limited spots available. Apply now and transform your ad game. And then we've got the link. Now, that is a very short, simple piece of ad copy, but it actually ticks a lot of boxes. And that's what I try recommend you try and replicate. We don't want to be writing essays. People just aren't going to bother to read it. But, we're doing a number of things here. So, we're highlighting [snorts] the problem and calling out the target audience with the first sentence. Tired of wasting money on Facebook ads that don't deliver? So, anyone that is suffering from that problem is likely to pay attention to the rest of the ad. Um it also is sort of agitating that problem, re-emphasizing like, ah, you really annoyed that you keep trying and it's just not working. Then, we've got we'll revenue. So, we've got a feature what's involved in this? Oh, it's a daily mentorship, gotcha. To explode your revenue, great. It's exactly what I do. I really want exploded revenue. So, there's a benefit associated. Limited spots available, introducing scarcity. Um apply now and transform your ad game. And there's a call to action. So, you can see in just a couple of sentences we've ticked like a load of boxes, right? We've called out the audience, we've agitated the problem, we have uh described the main feature, the main benefit associated with it, we've introduced scarcity, and we've got a call to action. All in, you know, ticked six different things there, six or seven different things within a very within just a couple of sentences. So, something like that, obviously tailored to your um offer, your business, is likely to do well. Right, then what we've got here is Meta's going to use AI to generate text alternatives, and they're going to do that, you can see here, tailor variations to personas. So, they've come up with three different personas that they think like basically avatars, target customer avatars. We've got ambitious entrepreneurs, digital marketers, and small business owners. So, Meta's like, look, if we think that someone in your target audience is an ambish- an ambitious entrepreneur, we're going to put this primary text in front of them. Now, they may use other options as well. But, um but we can take a look through these and decide which we do and don't want to use, right? So, my recommendation with everything AI generated, copy, imagery, is absolutely use it, but you need to be the filter as the advertiser cuz sometimes it's going to be great, you can just use it. Other times, some of the suggestions are not going to work at all, you can't use them. Sometimes it's going to be a hybrid where you go, well, that's kind of good, but does need a little bit of this changing and that changing to make it work. So, we'll just quickly read this first option. We've got tired of throwing money at Facebook ads that don't deliver. Unlock explosive revenue growth with daily mentorship. Limited spots available. Apply now and transform your ad game. So, I mean, that's very very similar to what we've got already. Like, happy to just include that. Stop wasting ad spend on underperforming Facebook ads. Get daily mentorship to scale revenue and transform your ad game. Limited spots available. Level up your expertise and maximize your ROI with proven strategies. Yeah, all good. So, you might find that there are options that you're like, no, I don't want to use, but you can look to add these in. And if I just scroll back up as well, you will see that primary text we've got here one of five. So, you can have up to five different options. Um absolutely fine just to go with the one if you just want to get started, you can always add other ones in later on. But, a good idea to test multiple options cuz it just increases the chance that A, you'll find an option that works really well, and B, it gives Meta more flexibility. Look, like they said, we might put this ad copy in front of this type of persona and this type of ad copy. So, basically they're working out different people within your target audience and what they are most likely to respond to. Much more of a tailored ad delivery experience, which can help improve performance, okay? Right, then we move on to the headline. And then this is a headline that worked well for us, which is just very simply daily Facebook ads mentorship, right? We can add add headline options again, so you can see it's one of five, so the same principle applies. So, you can have five headlines and I would recommend it. And Meta's going to AI generate some options for you. Just quickly run through this. We've got explode your ad revenue now. Yeah, that's fine. Unlock ad mastery in five minutes daily. That's not really how the mentorship program is designed to work. It's not five minutes daily. We have like live calls, Q&A's that last longer. We have training that lasts longer. You could do five minutes a day, you could do longer. So, I don't like that option. It's not good for our offer. Not going to go through or every single one here, but you can just see the sort of process I'm going through and the logic I'm going through there of deciding what to choose and what not to choose. Daily mentorship for ad success sounds good. I have other videos more detailed on ad copy, by the way, in case you want to to go through these. Right, then we've got description. So, this isn't going to appear on every placement option, but like I said, in the classic sort of mobile Facebook feed, it's going to be just under the headline. So, we might go with something like limited spots available in order to um emphasize the scarcity that and there are limited spots available. We don't have so many coaches and so many slots available on on the live calls and Q&A's and things. So, yeah. Absolutely fine to to put that in there. Yours might be a a scarcity thing or it might be urgency based like we're running a current sale, but that ends at a certain time. There are ways to incentivize that action. And then we've got call to action button here, right? So, what you see here will depend on what type of campaign you're running. So, if you're running a sales campaign, you might see some slightly different options. Although, we can still see things like shop now, for example, in the leads campaign. Learn more is the default. What I'd recommend here is you just go with the option that best describes what it is you want people to do. Like, what's the next step? With a mentorship style offer, something that people aren't necessarily super familiar with, it's not as obvious as other things that people are used to buying all the time, then we might have something different. We might go with contact us or we might go with schedule a call or something like that. But, I think learn more is appropriate next option. In other ti- other businesses services, it might be get quote as the next thing. It might be shop now. Uh lots of different options depending on what it is that you are looking to do. Don't overthink it. Just go with the option that best describes um the next step. Right, then we go with next. Now, what Meta's going to do is they're going to take the image that you that you've added in and they're going to use AI to generate other versions. So, this is a tool that is improving all the time uh and it's very interesting that it's doing so. And and uh by the time you watch this, you might see that the options have improved again substantially. So, if we look at what Meta's looking to do here, they've basically most of these are just changing background colors, for example, or changing the location. So, that room behind me actually looks like one of our one of our office, one of our meeting rooms in our office, um which might be coincidence or they may have found it elsewhere. But, like that's basically the same image as what we've got, but it's a different color scheme. Like, yeah, sure, happy to use that. Uh again, same with that one, although maybe the text isn't as good to read. But, there are options that we actually can't use. So, it's for example, want me to mentor you? And they've sort of AI generated a woman there. Like, it has to be me in these ads, right? In order for this process to work. Want me to mentor you without me in the thing? That's just not going to work. This is mostly advertised to warm audiences. Um that version of me is like, I guess it's kind of me, but not really. Kind of looks a little bit like someone else or, you know, I guess it's we can't use that, right? It has to actually actually be me in there. These options down the bottom obviously wouldn't work. So, you could be the filter. You might find some work really well. What what you see here um will actually depend on what you upload. And for some businesses, you're going to see better options than others. So, if you're uploading a an image, for example, of a product, the AI generated image options can work really well because Meta's going to use different backgrounds or put them into different scenes. Whereas, when you're using people in your ads, particularly if you that needs that person needs to be the same person involved like it is here, less so. But, when I did this video a year ago, it didn't come up with any versions of me at all. So, we just couldn't use this use any of the AI generated images. Now, we can. You can see this is improving um all the time. So, just add in the ones you're happy with. The Meta's basically going to test different variations, see which works best, right? Fairly straightforward. Okay. Let me go ahead and click next and then we've got enhancements. So, these are things that Meta's going to do to try and improve the quality of our ad creative in order for us to get better results or at least test it, right? So, we can see we've got three for review. So, Meta's decided, you know, we don't think that having these on makes a lot of sense. Let's have these um turned off. And then they've put turned on seven that we could also review. So, for example, they they said we don't think it's best to have enhanced media text. So, we'll replace the text in your media, not in the ad copy, in your media with AI generated text. Yeah, I don't want that. We want the message to be clear and consistent. That could go wrong. And then we've got translate text turned off. Yeah, we don't want the text to be translated into other languages because we can only the mentorship program in English. You know, me and my expert team members that that run the program, we speak English and we we operate in English, right? So, so we can't we we want to translate to other languages cuz we can't then fulfill in those other languages. And then Meta have also turned off um enhanced CTA, which I'm actually happy with. Let's have a quick look at the other active enhancements. So, these are things that Meta has turned on and saying, look, we think these are going to help improve performance. So, we've got ad overlays, right? So, they can add um text overlays over the top of the image to highlight certain things, grab things from the landing page or the ad copy. You know, with an image like this, I probably would actually turn that off because look, it's already really text heavy. If it was less text heavy, I'm happy to leave it on cuz the overlays can often improve performance. So, I'm going to turn that off. Then, we've got visual touch-ups, okay? So, we'll automatically crop, expand your chosen media to fit more placements. Well, we've kind of done that to some extent with the three main formats. Normally, I'm happy for that to stay though. Uh Meta's pretty good at making that make sense. Add in add music. They basically turn your image into like a short video, add some music overlay. I'm happy to leave that on. I totally get some businesses aren't. They want to be much more specific of like, "No, I couldn't possibly have that that audio." You can customize this. So, you can leave this on. What have they got for us for now? Just a little like corporate jingle, basically. Like that's fine. I'm happy to do that. You can customize and then say, "No, I want specifically to play this music, not that music." Or you can just go ahead and turn that off. Text improvements. So, any text you provide may appear as primary text and our description. So, you know we wrote that in the various locations. Meta's saying, "We might choose to move this around, right?" So, you know one of those headline options, we might just stick that in the primary text. We might change the description. I'm normally quite happy to leave that on. Sometimes that will mean the ad doesn't make sense depending on how you've constructed your copy, in which case you want to turn that off. In our case, for example, that primary text can't be used as a headline because it's too long. So, that will just won't happen. But again, you can customize that or turn that off depending on what you want to do. I'm normally happy to leave it on cuz if Meta, for example, wanted to switch my description with headline, which is how it would work in reality given the copy we set up, like no biggie. Adapt Here we go. Adapt multi-image format. So, we'll show ads with multiple images as a video or slideshow or a video collection. Now, we haven't got multiple images in there. It's already on. They might use the different variations that we had to try and create something. Again, I'm kind of happy for Meta to play with this and do what it can. If Meta creates anything or adds variations and additions based on the ad creative that we've uploaded that kind of doesn't work and doesn't make sense, well, as soon as they put it in front of users, they won't take action cuz it doesn't make sense. And they'll very quickly learn and stop doing that and test other options. So, I don't think this adds much or really makes any difference to this particular ad. If you were running like a carousel or had an ad campaign with lots of different images, then this could be really quite valuable. So, I'd recommend normally leaving that on. We've got add animation. So, Meta can basically turn this image into something that can move. They can animate text, various elements. Again, happy to leave that on. And then we've got flex media. So, show media you chose for a specific aspect ratio across all placements when it's likely to improve performance. So, you know how we had the square versus the vertical? What Meta's basically saying here is like, "Look, we might go ahead and use the square in the vertical placement or we might go ahead and use the vertical format that you gave us in say the feeds where it will actually take up basically your whole screen as you're scrolling through a feed if we think it performs. Again, quite happy for Meta to work that out. So, this is very much go through, decide the ones you want to use, decide the ones you don't want to use. I would err on the side of trusting Meta with this. Highly incentivized to improve stuff to help us get better performance. But I know a lot of advertisers are nervous about that. They want to turn these off and be like, "No, no, no. Just put the ad as is in front of people." That's, you know, I totally get that. That's fine, too. These typically don't make a huge amount of difference whether you have them on or off either way. Okay. So, now we can start to see the preview come together, right? We've got So, for example, this option here, we This is like a Facebook feed. We've got the text, the primary text. We've got the image. We've got the headline. We can't see the description here. I guess it's not going to play in show on all placements. We've got the learn more call to action button. We've got the image. We've got the other image variations that Meta's come up with. And then we can see, you know, via There's lots of things you can go through in the preview. So, you can see via different locations. So, we've got Facebook feed there. It's taking a second to load. We can have a look at what it would look like on Instagram feed. So, like the primary text is at the top. You just go through the various placement options and just make sure it all makes sense. If you set it up how I have how I have, you'll basically be fine. Got a warning to add product or site links, but no, I'm all good for what that is. And we went through that window. You can adjust it from within here as well. So, if you're like, "Ah, okay. I started with the wrong primary text, but I want to add in some other primary text." You can go ahead and do so and get those added in here. Same's going to apply to headlines. And then we've obviously got this other stuff, description. Optimize text per person, you can leave that as enabled. That was based on the creative enhancements we talked about. And then we've got call to action, learn more, absolute fine. Run AB test to see the results. Not yet. Definitely something to do later down the line once you've got a little bit more experience with your Meta ads, but right now happy to leave that off. And we can also go back in and edit these creative enhancements. So, we ended up with six out of 10 on going through that process. But you can change that should you wish to. Creative testing. So, we can set up different tests between different ads. So, let's say we had one image and we wanted to test that not just like different variations like we've got here, but against totally other images. You can absolutely do that within the one ad unit. Not something I want you to mess with for now. But yeah, just know it's an option. Same's going to apply to languages for the vast majority of you. Just going to go with the the one language. Then we get into tracking. Here basically just want to make sure that you can see the pixel and you need to have like we talked about before. If you're generating leads, generating sales by your website, you need to have the pixel installed. Ideally you would also have the conversions API installed and you would have all that tracking set up. I have other videos that cover that. But here's where you just basically come down and just check that the pixel is actually here and that that's the right pixel. You can check the ID based on what you've set up. I've seen issues go down. And what Meta's basically saying is that Meta's going to track these ads. We can add in other things if that's appropriate for a business like URL parameters to track if you're that way inclined and you do a lot of tracking say via Google Analytics or another another platform and you want to to cross-reference things and really understand your data, you can go ahead and add those in. But I think most beginners that is probably overkill. And then that is our campaign set up. We can go ahead and click publish. Meta's normally going to take a bit of time to review the ad, make sure it complies with advertiser policies. Normally takes about 30 minutes, but particularly with your first ads could take a while more. And then you should start to see your ads being delivered and you can quickly have a look at the data generated. So, if I just close down the campaign, we won't have any here, but you'll be able to see things like your cost per result. You'll be able to see impressions, how many times your ad seen, how many people has it reached. All the various data points. There's lots of other things I've got other videos on analytics and analyzing data and what to look for and how to optimize campaigns and things like that. But that is the process of getting your first or a proper Facebook ad campaign set up if you've already created them, but weren't 100% sure that you set up everything correctly. That is how you do it. Now, I quickly want to touch on campaign structure. So, what I demonstrated here is one campaign, one ad set, one ad, although there are a few variations of things like primary text, headlines, and the images themselves within that ad. And that is absolutely fine to get started with. I've talked about throughout this video keeping it simple, making it straightforward as possible. You can make things really complicated should you wish to later on. But let's keep it simple to start with, easy to understand, easy to set up. As you go on, you're going to want to add other things, probably other campaigns with things like different services, different product ranges, certainly different ads to be able to test different creatives. I've got a video on campaign structure you can find on my channel and you can go through that in in a lot more detail, but fine to get started with this current structure. And then in terms of what to watch next, I recently recorded a video talking about exactly what I would do if I were starting Facebook ads all over again today. And I think that would be a really good thing for you to watch now. Actually, you can check it out here. I go through what you need to focus on, what you don't need to focus on. You now know how to create a Facebook ad campaign from scratch, but there's more to it than that. There's other considerations that I cover in this video here.

  Top Comments:
  1. @BenHeath [17 likes]: Get personal Meta Ads feedback from me (live) for less than $60 per session:
👉 https://www.skool.com/benheath/about
Let my agency run your Meta ads for you:
👉 https://heathmedia.co.uk/done-for-you/
  2. @writedirect [1 likes]: OH MY GOODNESS. Your video saved me. The official META training is such a train wreck of confusion. Thank you for this.
  3. @MSPUBG-1 [1 likes]: Thank you soo much! ❤
  4. @j.e7505 [1 likes]: Hey Ben, I'd love your take on this — Meta keeps pushing Advantage+ across more campaign settings, and I'm concerned it's limiting my overall ad performance. Since you can't fully opt out, what's the best way to retain as much manual control as possible? Are there specific settings or workarounds you'd recommend to minimise its impact?
  5. @sanjibmunda724: Amazing nature vibes 🌿 Really enjoyed this video. ipweb”
  6. @Irisraw-i3g: ❤❤❤ thank you
  7. @marymcdermott9949: This was great! Thank you for this resource.
  8. @JimmiFortovoOlli: cool
  9. @shiralfernando1739: Thank you so much. you explain everything very clearly and with details. Really good job and appreciate
  10. @ShareAccess-e7o: 12:27 for small business leads or engagement? I don't have a website just starting the business( clothing brand/store).
I intend to sell my products to customers by massage and WhatsApp . So what should i do?
  11. @GiftEduno: Nice, but too fast, please can you slow down.
  12. @maorshaoulian4789: thank you Ben
this video was so useful!
  13. @bwittyyy3668: What objective do you recommend for people to join you live sale on Instagram live?
  14. @nomanshaikh9239: Hey ben! Will this tutorial help me to get a job as a fresher
  15. @MaxChasse-i5c: Okay super confused off the start I have a digital martketing company and we are trying to learn facebook ads but is this video for a businesses own facebook ads or for a marketing agency that makes ads for clients
  16. @gabrielleyparis: Brilliant video, thank you!
  17. @kumsoutreach: The best so far i have watch
  18. @luqman7136: you speak too fast bro
  19. @Maverick-M127: Hello! I really like your videos and find them very helpful. I just started my print on demand business and I’d like to hire you as my digital marketing agent. How can I communicate with you to discuss the cost and everything?!
  20. @emiliafunda8973: Would it be smart to test a campaign with the objective Awareness to see if it helps us to expand our target group? (As a startup)

- The BEST Facebook Ad Campaign Structure for 2026: Kind: captions Language: en Facebook ads have changed so much over the past 6 to 12 months that have completely changed my recommended Facebook ad campaign structure. Right now, there's a very good chance that you are using an old campaign structure and that it's hurting your results. So, in this video, I'm going to show you my new and updated campaign structure for Facebook ads and Instagram ads. So, one of the biggest changes when we're looking at my new recommended campaign structure in comparison to what we used to recommend is that we now rarely separate out cold and warm audiences. Warm audiences being people that have interacted with your business before. could be website visitors, people on your email list, people who have watched a video of yours on Facebook or Instagram, lots of different types of of warm audiences. And we used to separate those out and we would uh be very specific with the messaging and the budget that we'd allocate to each. And we'd see, okay, we're getting this return on ad spend from our warm audiences versus this return on ad spend from our cold audiences. We rarely do that anymore because of the way that Meta's targeting systems have changed. Um, so just quickly demonstrate what I'm talking about, I'm in an example ad account here. I've created a quick example sales campaign. And if we just jump to the adset level of this, uh, click edit and then go down to the targeting section, we've got controls and we've got suggest an audience being the two main parts of of targeting now. And in the suggestion audience section, if we go ahead and click show settings, we can see custom audiences in here. If I click on this, custom audiences are your warm audiences. Those are the audiences that contain people that have interacted with your business before. So in custom audiences is where you set up things like website, email list, people who follow you on Instagram, etc., etc., Right now, if for example within this ads sets we say I want to target my website visitors. You can come in here and I can it's an example ad account. So I've got all these set up websites visitors 180. Right? You might think okay this adset is now only going to advertise to people that are within that audience that have visited my website in this case within the last 180 days. That is not true. This is within the suggest an audience section. So meta will reach people within this audience. They'll put ads in front of people, but they will also go beyond that to reach other people that Meta believes are going to, in this case, generate a sale because that's what this campaign is set up for. Basically, Meta is going to go beyond your targeting criteria um so that they can help you achieve the objective you've told Meta that you want. Now, because the the custom audience, the warm audience part is within this suggested audience section, if we tried to have say a warm audience adset and a cold audience ads set or a warm audience campaign and a cold audience campaign, there's going to be an enormous amount of overlap because within the cold audience, Meta is going to target your warm audience anyway. Within the warm cold audience anyway. Um, so it seems silly to have the two separate options when we're effectively targeting the same people when we could just consolidate that and benefit from it. I'll talk more about consolidation later on. And you can run experiments to see just how strong the impact of this change is in comparison to what we used to see. What you want to do is you want to go into your advertising settings which I've done here just got up on on another tab. If you just go ahead all tools you'll see advertising settings or you can get it from all tools and then once you come in here you go into audience segments and then what you want to do is make sure that you've got your engaged audience and your existing customers defined. to basically create those custom audiences and then say this is engaged audience, this is existing customers. And you do that within here. And you can see we've got a drop down. You can add in your your custom audiences to uh to both of these. And that basically lets Meta know okay these are people that are customers. These are people that are engaged audience that haven't yet uh made a purchase, haven't become become a customer. And then when you run your ad campaigns, you can see the breakdown of new audience, engaged audience and existing customers of where Meta is spending the money, your budget split, your frequency, etc., etc. Right? In fact, let me quickly show you what this looks like. Right? So, if we look at this ad set here, we can see the breakdown um in results. In this case, website purchase. Of the 93, we can see that nine came from engaged audience, 59 from existing customers. So, this is retargeting heavy. uh 20 from new audience and then we've got a few uncatategorized and unknown but that's not surprising because uh data is you rarely able to track with 100% accuracy. Um and what you will see that's that's really interesting and you run this experiment is that if you set up an adset to target warm audiences so you add in your custom audiences website visitors email list etc etc and then you run that alongside another adset that is set up to target cold audiences. If you look at the data between those two adsets, the split between the conversions and the impressions that come from engaged, existing, and new is often very consistent. As in, with the one adset that's set up for cold audiences, you get the same split as with the other adset set up for warm audiences. In other words, Meta's kind of not paying much attention to the fact that you are trying to advertise cold audience in this adset and warm audience in adset. They're just trying to go out and get you results. They're using your inputs and suggestions and doing their own thing. And that makes it silly to have separate adsets or separate campaigns for cold and warm audiences where Meta is going to target a mixture of the two anyway. Right? So, that's one of the big changes that we're now making is that there are still some rare circumstances where we will separate them out if we really want to change the messaging between different stages of a salesunnel, for example. But that's rare. By default, we're absolutely going to combine both cold and warm audiences into the same campaign and the same adset. So, the next thing we're trying to do with the new campaign structure is consolidate as much as possible. And that applies to both campaigns and adsets. We're going to try and run as few campaigns and as few adsets as possible. Often just using the one campaign and the one adset. I'll explain later on when we do and don't want to uh to do that. Why are we doing that? Well, it's best to combine the data into as few elements as possible. Let's say you generate 70 conversions in a week. Instead of having that spread across 10 different adsets, so seven conversions roughly per adset per week, Meta is going to struggle to optimize those adsets. Going to struggle to get out of the learning phase. Whereas, if that's in one adset, you're generating 70 conversions per week in that one adset. Meta is able to fully optimize. They're able to work out the best time of day to advertise, what ad impression frequency is required, advertise to this person instead of this person, use this ad instead of this ad. all the various points that Meta's system optimizes to get us more of what we want, more sales, more leads, whatever it is we've set up our campaign to optimize for, Meta can do that better with more conversion data. So much better to have that consolidated data into the one campaign, one adset as opposed to spread across lots of different elements that will struggle uh to optimize. Second reason why we want to consolidate is because we want to avoid auction overlap. Now, there's some misconceptions around overlap. A lot of people think I'm talking about audience overlap. When I say auction overlap, I'm not audience overlap would be you've got two different campaigns, two different adsets, and they're targeting a lot of the same audience. Now, that's not ideal, but the whole idea of that's going to increase the cost because you're bidding against yourself is a bit silly. There are thousands of advertisers trying to reach the same people. One extra campaign ad setting that not going to make much difference. But you can run into issues with auction overlap, which is a different thing. Meta systems are now very sophisticated at working out what ad impression frequency is required to get the outcome that you want. So Meta might work out, you know what, we're better off at generating four or five ad impressions for a single individual over a 24 48 hour time period as opposed to spreading out those ad impressions over a week. Well, Meta could plan that really well if it's just got the one campaign, one adset targeting a person, a group of people obviously, but we're talking about one individual user in this case, but targeting um a group of people. If you've got some ad impressions coming from one adset, some ad impressions coming from another adset or different campaigns, much more difficult for Meta to work out that delivery system of right, let's put an ad in front of this person four times over the next 48 hours. Much more difficult for them to be able to uh to do that. So, that's that's the issue that comes up with auction overlap. and you want to take advantage of what Meta's delivery system um is able to do. Okay. So, the next thing we've changed is that we very rarely now test different audiences at the adset or even the campaign level. And that has a lot to do with what we described previously when we're talking about separating out cold and warm audiences. For the same reason that we don't separate those out, meta is kind of going to ignore a lot of your suggestions. They're going to do their own thing when it comes to targeting anyway. is why we won't test different interest targeting options in different adsets or interest targeting versus lookalike versus open targeting. We used to do a lot of that sort of stuff. We don't do that anymore because all of that falls within the suggested audience section unless it's going to do its own thing. There is an exception and that's location-based targeting. We will often test different locations. Now, this would going to depend on the business. Um, so it might be that a business just advertises in one country, that's who they can serve and we're happy just to advertise to the entire country. We're not going to bother testing that. But if we have a business that's international and they want to be able to test between different markets, okay, we want to see how our campaigns perform in the US versus the UK versus Australia, etc., we'll have different campaigns for those. Or if it's a lo local b locally based business that has multiple locations. So, if it's a gym franchise, for example, you might want to test, right, we're going to advertise in this city versus this city versus this city for that that individual unit uh in the local area, people might be interested, and we're going to separate out performance. Now, it's not a coincidence, if I jump back into my example ad account, jump to the adset level, go back into targeting. It's not a coincidence that we will test different um targeting options when it comes to a location basis across different adsets, maybe different campaigns and the location targeting falls within the control section. Like that is not a coincidence. Basically, we are able to do that testing accurately on a location basis whereas we aren't with say different interests or interests versus lookalikes and stuff like that because the control section within targeting here those are hard boundaries. So, we're saying, look, in this adset, just advertise to this local area. In this adset, just advertise to this local area or doing so on a country level or a state level. Um, Meta is going to, for the most part, only advertise to people within that that location. They're not going to treat that as a suggestion and go beyond it where they think it'll help you get um your desired outcome. So, we will do it for location, very rarely for this other stuff, even though we used to do a lot of that. Another reason why we're able to consolidate and use fewer campaigns, fewer adsets, is because Meta can now handle a lot more ads within an adset. So, they used to have a recommendation of don't have five or six ads live in an adset at any one time. Uh the system was less sophisticated before and it would struggle to be able to test those properly and put them in front of people and work out how to do it. It was basically too many variables for the system. That has now changed with Andromeda. with some other updates. Meta is able to handle a lot more ad creative and different ads within um an adset. So the recommendation typically is 20 plus and we will often run adsets with 20 plus. So very different to how we used to have we used to have lots of different campaigns, lots of different adsets and limited number of ads within each adset. Now much fewer campaigns, much fewer adsets, often one campaign, one adset, but then a ton of ads within um that one adset set. In fact, Meta not only says they can handle that, but it's recommended because Meta now wants much more creative diversity. So, they want different ads within an ad set, they have different types of creative, different formats. You have a mixture of images and video, different video styles. You might have some UGC, you might have um some founder, some demonstration videos, some customer testimonial videos. And Meta is going to they want that so that they can test to see which works best. But they also are now able to personalize ad delivery a lot more. say we're to work out, you know, for this person, they seem to really respond to UGC style ads, so we're going to put more of those in front of them. This person seems to respond to product demonstration style ads. We're going to put the more of those in front of them. If they have the different ads and the different types of creative within the one ad set, Meta can start to do a better job of personalizing ad delivery and working out that it's not a one-sizefits-all. There are different people within your target audience and different people respond um to different um creative. So that's one of the big big shifts that have come from the change in the platform, the updated campaign structure is a lot more ads within an adset. I don't worry about an upper limit anymore. The constraining factor is usually how many good quality ads can be created. What are the resources available? And we will run those and look to introduce new ones over time as we test and learn from the data that we see. Within the new campaign structure, we've also changed how we test different ad copy variations. So, we used to have separate ads for different headlines would be one of the things that we test or different primary text. We're not going to have separate ads for those anymore. Instead, we're going to take advantage of the variation option. So, if I jump into the ad level and then scroll down to where we set up our ad copy, we can see that if we click into primary text, you can see we have one of five. So we can have up to five different primary text variations within this one ad. We can do the same for headlines. Click in there, you see one of five. And do the same for descriptions. So really, you want to think of separate ads as testing different ad creative or maybe not even just testing, but being able to have that different creative diversity. So have different types of ads like I just described. Uh when it comes to testing, I wonder which headline works best for this offer or this ad. You want to do that within the ad, not have separate ads for that. um and do so using these primary text headline description variations. This is a much cleaner, neater way to do your ad copy testing, which is still something that you want to do. Um as opposed to needing to have an enormous amount of ads cuz if you've got all this different ad creative and then let's say for each ad creative you needed three or four different ads to test different headline variations, you very quickly get into just silly numbers of ads and too difficult for you as the advertiser to be able to to monitor that and keep up with it. much better to do it within these text variations and have that copy testing done within an ad unit as opposed to separate ads. Hyro is the best tracking and attribution software for meta ads. It's a software all the big players in this industry use, including myself. I use it to track results for my own ads as well as all my organic results as well. So, if someone books a call for our done for you services, for example, I can see exactly where that person came from with a lot of accuracy. That allows me to make better decisions for my marketing and my business. Hyro has been able to track that from our ad spend in this campaign, we've generated £96,000, but £58,000 of that was not reported by Meta. So if I was just looking at my data within my meta ad account, I might come to the conclusion that this campaign is doing okay, but in reality, this campaign is doing a lot lot better. Now, this is a relatively extreme example because of the nature of our business. So most of our products, services have recurring billing elements. Meta might be able to see what we make initially from our ad spend on that initial transaction, but not those subsequent payments. That's why it it shows the importance here of being able to accurately see what we actually get from our ad spend in order to be able to make better decisions and optimize correctly. So, if you want to improve the performance of your ad campaigns without having to touch your ads, go ahead and sign up to Hyros. There is a link in the video description. One of the things we used to do with our old Facebook ad campaign structure, and I still see this come up when I take a look at at people's ad accounts often is to have uh different campaigns for different stages of the salesunnel. So, you might have had a top offunnel campaign, a middle ofunnel campaign, and a bottom of campaign. And different stages would have different ads. So, in the top of funnel, you might have uh like a founder story video that explains why the company was great in the first place. Middle of funnel might be more product demonstration. And then the bottom funnel might be a customer testimonial trying to get you to convert and people would go through the sequence. Now, we don't do that because of what we've already described in terms of meta targeting and a lot of it being suggestions and they're kind of going to show different ads to different people anyway. So, it's not as easy to neatly move people um through the system anymore. But that doesn't mean that we've completely thrown away the top of funnel, middle of funnel, bottom of funnel ideas because the logic is still there from a marketing standpoint of often you need to introduce people to an idea, but they won't be ready to convert straight away. You then need to warm them up with evidence of why it's great, why they should buy it, and then they have the extra call to action based ads and the and the customer testimonials and things that are going to really help them take action now, right? That still applies because that's something that warms up people. If you think about your relationship with another person, you start off not knowing them very well and it takes time and many interactions to get to the point where they become a really good friend or something for example. Okay. So we can still do that but we can actually do that within the one campaign and one ad set now. So we will create ads. I just mentioned we might have 20 plus ads in an ad set. We will create some ads thinking these are more likely to be top ofunnel ads. We will create some that more like to be middle of funnel and then some that are going to be bottom of funnel. So just like I talked about, you're kind of two birds, one stone situation here, right? You're adding a lot of creative diversity by doing this, but you're also allowing for that journey to take place because you could have those ads that are founderled, storybased, why we created the company in the first place. You could have those ads that are product demonstration. You could have those ads that are uh customer testimonial. Now there's variations on those depending on your business. Like I've used a product ecom example there, but you can absolutely find examples of that um for info or lead genen. There there are variations on a theme and meta is now sophisticated enough to work that out. So they will add sequence for you automatically. They will use some ads initially put in front of people first off then other ads in more of a retargeting capacity. And the way you can see if this is happening within your ad account because it happens in some ad accounts more than others. The ad accounts where this happens more are ones where the ask is larger. So if you're selling something that has a higher price point or you're selling a service that's more involved, people need more steps to get to the point where they're willing to inquire, buy, etc. If you're selling an inexpensive e-commerce product, it's going to be much more just directly buy it if you're interested. If not, fine. But what you'll often see in those businesses that that see this automatic ad sequencing taking place within the one ad set is that some ads will consistently have money spent on them, but they don't have many conversions. Looks like their cost per lead or cost per sale isn't very good. And you think, why is Meta doing this? It's because they're using that in a top offunnel capacity and then using other ads to retarget and get the conversion because you might have money being spent on that one. You look at the other ads, you're thinking, but this other ad is performing really well on a return on ad spend basis, cost per lead basis, etc. But why is it matter spending more money on that? Now, you don't want to make the mistake of turning off the ad that is being used in a topunnel capacity because then your other ad performance will massively worsen because it isn't benefiting from that other ad being used in a topunnel capacity. So, we still use that process, but instead of doing it in different campaigns, different adsets, we're going to consolidate that into one adset. And Meta is smart enough to sequence those ads and uh and work it out. So, I've talked a lot about consolidating less. When do we actually have separate campaigns, separate adsets? I've talked about the location example. Here's another example. By default, I like to use one campaign per product or service range. So, we're not going to have a different campaign for red hats versus blue hats. We are going to have a different campaign for hats versus shoes because those campaigns we want to optimize differently. We want meta to treat them as as we might need to target slightly different people. We might need to advertise them in a different way. People might need more convincing to buy shoes than a hat. So, we need more ad impression. We want them to learn under different conditions and then and then optimize um accordingly. An exception to that would be a general dynamic catalog campaign. Um where if you run those typically with a relatively small budget, then Meta is going to spend the majority or all of that budget on retargeting depending on the size of your of your warm audiences. And I'm perfectly happy to that span your product and service ranges and just you know this is more like to be used in a product capacity as opposed to service based businesses. But you know put the thing that someone's most like to be interested or has just had a look at in front of them even if we are crossing between shoes and hats and belts and whatever it is that you know you might be selling in this example. So happy for that to be businesswide but otherwise we're going to to be more specific and have different product ranges. So not variations but different product ranges or different services. um in different campaigns that we're going to separate out that way. It also gives you a lot of nice control as an advertiser to be like, "All right, we're out of stock on this. Turn this off." Or, "We're at capacity for this service. Turn this off." So, if we look at our business, for example, we offer both done for you meta ad services. We create manage optimizer campaigns for you. And we have done with you program, which my mentorship program, where you still manage your own ads, but we coach and very hands-on in terms of making recommendations. You can ask us questions and all that sort of stuff. So, those are separate offers. We would have those in separate campaigns. We want them to optimize differently. The target market is typically a bit different. Uh the the big spenders are typically going to be on the done for you services, the larger businesses. Others are going to be with the with the mentorship program. So we want Meta to optimize accordingly. And then also like I said, we have flexibility in terms of capacity. So we could oh we're absolutely capacity. We're done for you. Let's turn that off for a little while. Um and we'll start that up again once we uh once we're ready. By the way, if you're interested in either of those, want us to run your ad campaigns for you or want us to teach you how to run better ad campaigns, get better results, um, links in the description for both. There are also times where you might need a different campaign structure to what I've recommended. So, the things I've been through here and what I've recommended would be the default. That's going to apply to most businesses, but there are times where you might want to do something differently. For example, my omnipresent content campaign strategy requires a very different structure. You can't have the one adset. You need multiple adsets. So, if you're not familiar with that, I've got videos on my channel in case you want to check it out. It's typically a strategy that works really well for businesses with a very um involved purchasing decision for your customer. So, think high ticket service, for example. Something that people really going to have to think about, need a lot of convincing. You need a different campaign structure. If you're selling a $10,000, $20,000 service, for example, right? So, in that instance, you're going to want to go away from this default. When you go away from this default that I've uh talked about in this video, meta is also going to pop up with lots of warnings. It's fine to ignore those, but just do it very intentionally. Know why you're doing it as opposed to just I'm going to do this because I heard 3 years ago this is how you're supposed to do it or such and such said this would work and know why you're doing it. Follow a specific strategy like omniresent content and understand the process and therefore you're fine to ignore warnings. Remember that warnings that pop up in your ad account saying change this to improve performance. they are done with like the masses in mind and what's best on average and they're right. It might not be right for your um specific scenario. Testing is the other big example where we might deviate from this. So a lot of ad accounts run into the issue when they just have the one campaign, one ad set where they really struggle to test new ad creative. So they find that okay, I've got my ads in there, meta spending on one or two ads. I try and introduce new ads. I've been told I need creative diversity. I'm spending all this time producing new ads. I put them in there and just nothing happens. Met doesn't spend any money on them. They just spend money on my previous best performers, but those are slowly fatiguing and performance is dropping. What do I do? That's where we will entertain a different campaign structure. In fact, I go through how I'd recommend you test and the various options to overcome that problem, allow you to test new ad creative, which is super super important in this video here. So, I'd strongly recommend checking that out next. Often we will still use this campaign structure and test within it, but there are scenarios where we will deviate from that. Anyway, I cover it all in this video.

  Top Comments:
  1. @BenHeath [4 likes]: Get personal Meta Ads feedback from me (live) for less than $60 per session:
👉 https://www.skool.com/benheath/about
Let my agency run your Meta ads for you:
👉 https://heathmedia.co.uk/done-for-you/
  2. @SalesRemedyUK [2 likes]: My campaigns' ROAS is through the roof thanks to this man.
  3. @writedirect [1 likes]: 3 videos in and blown away by this instruction. Ben is intelligent, pleasant, to the point and has made navigating Facebook Ads as a beginner a possibility. Definitely see using his paid services as we grow and things become more complicated. Can't say thank you enough.
  4. @AshleyRoyalty-x6u [1 likes]: Does budget influence how many ads you are running in an ad set though? I get 20+ is great, but if you only have a $50 budget per day @ $4 CPL, how many ads is fair without spending the money too much.
  5. @marvinwilliams7938: You say 1 ad set with many ads is better. If you add new ads into an ad set it causes a significant edit. What do you say to this concern?
  6. @v.verozina: do we still go for sales and scaling campaigns ??
  7. @chukwudumofoegbu: Great video Ben, how about you make a new video on omnipresent campaign and how to run it successfully with all the new changes that has taken place since you last made a video about it? That will really be very helpful to us. Thank you.
  8. @DarrioSinclair: Using different headlines is good once you know what works, the only way to clean clear data is to run headlines and copy separate with same creative, then do this repeatedly reskinning the best versions and then throwing them into one ad. But it’s more work
  9. @Benjamainma: Hey ben and all, love the content! I just had a very strange 'anomaly' and I’d love to get your take on it.

Last week, my Business Manager crashed and all my Pixels became 'unavailable' mid-run. I had two 'Sales' objective campaigns that suddenly had to run with ZERO pixel data feedback for about 8 hours. Paradoxically, my sales tripled (x3) during that window compared to my usual performance.

It felt like the algorithm was 'unshackled' from the pixel's constraints and went full Broad, hitting cheaper CPMs that actually converted. How do you explain this? Is this a known phenomenon where the creative is so strong that the pixel's 'optimization' was actually acting as a bottleneck?

Also, do you think this can be replicated intentionally via 'Traffic' campaigns or Sales campaigns without a pixel, or was it just a 'lucky' glitch in the auction? Thanks all!
  10. @innocentgaurav82: If I add so many ads at the ad level, will it not take ages to come out of the learning phase ?
  11. @SundaramFashions-r6s: Hey ,

Thank you for making a video about it. 
I have a query , We have a kids wear brand . 
We make different categories, like casual wear, party wear, sleepwear. So Shall we make ads for different category under same ad set or shall we make separate campaigns for separate categories. As we have received both inputs from different experts.
Kindly suggest .
  12. @FullbrightBusk: :face-green-smiling::face-orange-frowning:
  13. @bolinzhaio: However, I have a question: if an ad group has a large number of creatives, but the meta tags allocate most of the budget to the one or two best ones, what if the remaining creatives are also high-quality? Isn't that a waste?
  14. @RafaelBelor: if i have the same offer but different avatar, would you still do it in the same adset? for example, i have some ads targeted at busy professionals and some ads targeted at retired high income avatars. not sure if two adsets are the way to go. i feel like having more adsets gives me more control. what would you suggest? i‘m starting with very low budgets but want to scale quickly when i find a funnel that works
  15. @RafaelBelor: it‘s possible to further limit the reach of the targeting, so the retargeting is ONLY engaged customers, and engaged customers can be excluded in the cold audience campaign. what would you recommend for small and big budgets?
  16. @Camila-b4c4d: Thank you for the video Ben, it's really helpful! I have a question about segmenting audiences: would it be possible to keep the cold and warm audiences separated if you exclude the people who interacted with your brand, since it is an option available in the controls area and not the suggestion area?
  17. @tornikephkhovelishvili7344: Great video Ben! I have a question regarding the ''Flexible'' mode. I ran the 5 different creatives with Flexible, but I can not see the result per creative to see which one is performing best, I only see the sum results. How can I deal with it? 

Thanks in advance!
  18. @FiguMat: Do you recommend separate campaigns for different languages? Like an English and Spanish campaign, or should the Ad Set just have every creative regardless of language?
  19. @tomerp6116: What do you recommend for a brand new meta ads account with 0 data as first Campaign? 
My app has already a lot of downloads but haven’t really used any Campaigns so my account have 0 data.
  20. @EvelyneManon: French😢

- How To Run Facebook Ads For Beginners (2026 START UP GUIDE): Kind: captions Language: en In this video, you'll learn everything you need to know to run profitable Facebook ads for your drop shipping or e-commerce brand in 2026. So, if you've never run an ad before, the setup looks too overwhelming, or maybe you're worried about losing a bunch of money, then you're in luck and you're in the right place. Since 2021, I have generated over $7 million in revenue through Facebook or Meta Ads. And once you understand how simple they really are, you'll have wished that you started years ago. So today, I'll break down the whole setup process into four simple steps that anyone can follow. And by the end of this video, you'll be able to confidently launch your first Facebook ad campaign and finally start making that online money. Okay, so step one of this whole process is setting up your business manager. And don't worry, it's a quick process, so just follow along. First, you want to go to this website and log in with your Facebook account. And real quick, if for some reason you don't have an ecom store ready to sell yet, I got you. In the description, you'll also find a link to my free AI store builder that will build you a readyto-ell Shopify store loaded with winning products in just 5 minutes. So, as it says right here, the Meta Business Suite basically manages all your business activity across Facebook, Messenger, and Instagram. And once you get started with creating an account, then all you have to do is set up a Facebook page and that's how you can get access to the actual ads manager itself. So go ahead and click get started. Now once you put in a few basic fields of information, you'll get taken to the meta business suite that looks like this. Now the ads manager tab is right here, which is what we're going to dive into in a second. But to make sure you guys are prepared, I want to make sure that you have a Facebook page already set up and ready to go. If you don't know how to do this, it's super easy. When you're on Facebook itself, all you have to do is go over here to the left hand side where it says see more. Go to pages and then go ahead and click create page. Now, I've already created this page at the top here. That's just my name. And so, going back over to the Meta Business Suite. From there, all I have to do is click on ads manager. It's going to prompt you to set up your first ad account with a few basic fields of information. Just follow the process and you'll end up into a page that looks like this. This is where all your ad campaigns are going to be. On the lefth hand side, you have an account overview. You have some settings. You can set up some audiences and do a bunch of other stuff that comes later down the line. But for now, since we're just trying to set up our first ad campaign ever, all we have to do is go up here to the top left corner and hit this big green button that says create. Since I already have the ad account set up, I don't need to do this. But if you're setting up a brand new account, go to settings and make sure you fill out your business's information. It just requires your address and some other identification things to make sure you're a real person. Now, when you get to this page, things start to maybe look a little bit complicated, but don't worry because it's actually super simple and it's never been easier. So, since you have an e-commerce brand or a drop shipping store, just go down to the bottom where it says sales because that's your objective. You're looking for purchases and conversions. Go ahead and hit the blue button here that says continue. And then it's going to take you into your very first campaign. So, on the lefth hand side, we have the three different levels of the campaign. Right now, we're inside of the campaign level, which is the one at the very top. So, this is where you name the entire campaign that's going to run all of your ads. I'll just go ahead and call it test campaign. Now, you can keep these settings the same. And scrolling down a little bit, you're going to reach the budget category. So, I'd recommend spending at least $25 to $30 a day at the bare minimum. You can come out the gate with $50 or $100 or however much the account will let you. And it seems to be different every time based on a number of factors. But for me, I've never used this specific ad account before. And so the maximum daily spend is $43. So that's what I'll set it to. The reason why you wouldn't want to go under $20 is because at that point, you're basically just delaying the time that it takes for you to get enough data to see if your ads are doing well. Now, I'll explain a little bit more on that later when we're talking about reading the metrics of the campaign. But for now, the next thing that you want to do is head over to the next level of your campaign here, which is called the ad set. So, the ad set is basically a group or a collection of different ads that are going to be housed underneath it, which we'll get to in just a moment. So, for this one, I'll just call it ad set one. And you can really use whatever naming strategy you like to keep things clean and organized. Now, down here, it's going to say conversion location. We want to keep this on website, maximize number of conversions. And this is where you're going to be setting up your pixel. So your Facebook pixel is basically just a little snippet of code that gets installed on your website and it tracks all the different events that people will take on your website. An event is basically an action. So let's say an add to cart begin checkout process of course a purchase. And the reason why you want the pixel to be gathering all of this data is so it can get better and better at finding out who are the types of people who are most likely to take actions on my website and eventually make a purchase. So over time, the Facebook algorithm can get better and better at sniping out the customers that are right for you. Now, if you don't know how to set up your pixel, it's super simple. If you head over to your Shopify store and type in the search bar, Facebook, you're going to see Facebook and Instagram. Go ahead and click on that. It'll show up in the lefth hand side of your menu. And then all you have to do is go to settings, follow a couple of quick fields that are going to pop up, and then it's going to automatically install that code on the website for you. So, navigating back over to the ads manager, as far as the conversion event goes, same thing. You just want to select purchase here. And then go ahead and click setup conversion event. And what this is going to do is it's going to make sure that your pixel is indeed firing correctly and it will be tracking all of the purchases so they'll show up inside of your ad campaigns. Now, scrolling down, this is a key section. This is the budget and schedule section. And so, basically what you want to do here is you want to set your campaign to begin at midnight. And the reason why you want to do that is so the budget gets distributed effectively throughout the entire day. Like, it's pretty late. It's 9:30 p.m. for me right now. So, if I were to just launch the ads right this second, Facebook might try to do some weird stuff on me. It might try to spend all my budget within the next couple hours here and it might not reach my customers in the most efficient way, and you might end up wasting money. So, always set it up for midnight the next day. Now, scrolling down to the audience tab. This is where you can start to get specific and you can pick out who you want the ads to go to. Now, in theory, that sounds really good. 6 years ago, I would use this tab a lot. I'd be testing all different kinds of interests. But today, the Facebook algorithm is so good. It's collected so much data over its two billion users over the past two decades. And so, it's just going to be a lot better at finding people than you are. Even if you think you know exactly who's going to buy the product and you start getting hyper specific, you're maybe missing out on a whole different type of people who might be buying your product for a different reason. Like, let's say you're selling a baby product, right? and you think that the only people buying a baby product are going to be moms. Well, that might not be the case because people might be buying moms baby products as a gift. And so, Facebook is going to do its best job to find these different customer avatars or different people from different groups that would be purchasing your product. The only thing you really want to control here is the locations. And you want to set it to whatever markets you're able to ship to or however you run your business. For me, it's mostly just US and Canada. Facebook also has this feature that's relatively new called advantage plus. I recommend keeping it on. It's basically just saying that it's going to improve the performance over time with AI. And we'll get a little bit more into that when we reach the ad section, but it's going to allow the algorithm to have the freedom to serve up the right ad to the right person that it makes the most sense to go to, if that makes sense. Okay, so scrolling down a little bit, everything else we can pretty much leave as is. And now let's head over to the ad section. So this is the actual ad itself. I'll go ahead and turn on the ad preview on the side here so you can see how it looks. As far as the identity section goes, you want to make sure you have your Facebook page that you created connected. You have maybe an Instagram account connected if you plan on placing the ads on Instagram, too, which I'd recommend. So, maybe set up a quick Instagram for your brand if you don't have one already. And then same thing with Threads profile, although that happens automatically when you have an Instagram account, as it did for me here, too. All right, so now scrolling down to destination. This is actually really important, more important than people realize because most beginners or people who are running ads for the first time, they end up putting their homepage or their website URL here because it says website URL. You're probably scratching your head thinking, "Well, yeah, that's where I want to send people. What's wrong with that?" Well, there's nothing wrong with it, but you actually want to send people to the landing page, so the actual shopping page on your website instead of the homepage. And the reason for that is because you want to remove as much friction in the buying process as possible. If you send people to the website, maybe they'll get confused. Maybe they'll end up scrolling around and not actually buying the product. People have shorter attention spans than ever nowadays. And if they're interested in your ad, you want them to buy as quickly as possible. That's the whole essence of drop shipping. So, it's especially important if you're drop shipping. So, put the landing page to your product here and nothing else. Now, you can start to see things popping up on the right hand side here. you're going to get a little preview of how your ad's going to be looking at in all the different placements such as Instagram stories and Facebook feeds. So down here under ad creative is where you're now importing the video or images that you created. So if you click on image ad and you click next, this is where you can easily go ahead and upload the images of your product and it's going to show you how it's going to look across different ad placements. You're also going to get an option right here as well to give the primary text, the headline, and the description. It says one of five because you can add five different primary texts. And again, with Advantage Plus and Facebook's AI, it's automatically going to serve the text that it thinks will do best with the customer to the right customer. So, let's just go ahead and write buy 1 get one 50% off, buy 1 get one free, special Valentine's Day sale, and then headline the best deal of the century. Shop now. And then instead of learn more, you typically want to go and look for the shop now button. Click next. It's going to allow you to do some enhancements or improve your ads with some small features. And then you go ahead and click done. And just like that, you can now see that the ads are loaded up and it's going to show you how it looks across all the different placements. If you want to get more technical, if you want to start customizing these placements and making small changes, you can do so here. And I do encourage you to spend a little bit of time, much more than I did, thinking about what the text, the headline, and the description will actually be and then taking a look at how it will look. Now, the Advantage Plus campaign is going to go ahead and also give you some recommendations on how to improve your campaign as well. And the crazy part is just like that, you literally set up your very first ad campaign ever. And all you have to do is hit this little green button down here that says publish. And once it's published, it's going to look something like this. Remember, it's not going to start until midnight. and you're not going to get any data coming in yet. But when you check back in 24 hours, that's when things will start to get interesting and you can start to read the data. Now, as far as reading the data goes, what you can do is you can customize these columns at the top. So, you can see all different kind of metrics about how your ads are performing. If you click on here where it says columns, all you have to do is click customize columns. Then you can start to add the most key metrics that you're looking for right here. And then go ahead and click apply. But if you have no clue what you're looking for when it comes to should I scale or should I kill my ad campaign, then listen carefully. Cost per acquisition or your CPA is king. The first thing that you need to do is you need to determine how much you can spend on your ads to profitably acquire a new customer. And to do that, the formula is quite simple. So to find your break even CPA, you take the average order value on your store and you multiply that by the gross margin. So, let's say that every time a customer buys from your store, on average, you get $60 in revenue. And let's say that your gross margin is 60%. So, basically, 40% of that $60 you have to spend on fulfilling the product. Then, all you have to do is take the $60, multiply it by 60%, and you find out that your break even CPA is $36. Now, the rule of thumb here is if your CPA is below break even, so you're profitable, then you want to scale carefully. If your CPA is 10 to 20% above break even, so maybe it's costing you $40 to get a purchase, then you're in the optimization window. If your CPA is way above break even and you're just not acquiring customers or customers are costing you hundreds of dollars in spend, then kill the campaign. Another key metric you should be looking at is the 3second view rate. So generally on Facebook, you want to look for 30% or more. That's quite strong and it shows you that people are really engaging with your ads and the content you've created is interesting. If it's 20 to 30% workable, but it could probably use some more optimization or changes. And if it's below 20%, that's a good indication that it's a bad ad. Next, you have CTR or click-through rate. So, this is the percentage of people that see your ad and then decide to click on it and go to your website. Generally, looking at 1.5% and above is quite healthy. If you're below that or under 1%, then you should definitely optimize or start making new ads. It's likely that you have a bad angle or a weak offer. Another metric to keep in mind is your CPC or your cost per click. So, if the CTR is high, meaning that tons of people are clicking on your ad, but the cost per click is also high, then maybe it's a targeting mismatch and your ads are just going to the wrong people or you're in a super competitive market and you should probably switch the marketing angle and try to find a new customer avatar. If the CTR is very low and the CPC is also high, then that just tells you it's a bad creative and it's costing you a ton of money to drive any kind of clicks. Now, I could go on and on about all the different metrics that you could read, but remember, CPA is king, and you want to make sure your creative is good by looking at the 3-se secondond view rate as well as the CTR and how the CTR compares with the CPC. I hope you're still with me. I know if it's your first time hearing this stuff, probably doesn't even sound like English, but really, this is all you need to know, and it is a lot simpler than people make it out to be. Just start running your first ads, and you'll figure things out along the way. Now, for the last step of this whole process, you need to make sure you know how to avoid getting your ad account banned or restricted. Because let me tell you from experience, nothing sucks more than waking up one morning and seeing zero dollars on your dashboard because your ad account got shut down overnight. But before we jump into that, if you're someone who wants step-by-step mentorship and guidance, someone over the shoulder there with you in the ad account on your store helping you optimize and reach success, then I'm so excited to present to you my new partnership with AutoDS. And no, this is not just some 24-year-old guru on the internet trying to sell you on a course. This is the biggest and best drop shipping platform in the world with over 200 employees who has already revolutionized the game and now they're entering the coaching space and opening up the biggest mentorship for drop shipping in the entire world. I'm so lucky and so excited to be a part of it and able to promote it. So, if you want more information, I'll leave that link down below in the description. Now, back to not getting banned. So, it all comes down to three simple steps I want you to follow. First, as I mentioned in the beginning, make sure all of your business information is set up correctly in the meta business suite and on your ads manager because Facebook is really picky about making sure you're a real person, you're not a bot and things like that. So, the last thing that you want to do is piss them off by putting in some incorrect information or not filling it out at all. Second thing you want to do is keep your creative safe. you know, read the terms and policies if you absolutely must, but generally no sexualized content, no weaponry, no explosive, no drugs, just no crazy You know the drill. And third, don't go from spending, you know, $20 a day on your ad account all of a sudden to $300 the next day. No normal person is scaling like that, and Facebook actually doesn't like to see it either. They see you doing that, they might end up imposing further restrictions on your account, flagging it, and then looking into things deeper and at some point shutting you down. So, I just really wouldn't recommend scaling like a madman. And honestly, I wouldn't recommend doing it anyway. It's not the healthy way to scale up profitably. So, just like that, we covered everything you need to know to launch your very first Facebook ad campaign. If you want to see me putting this into practice live, I recently attempted a 7-day drop shipping challenge from scratch. Spoiler alert, it didn't go as planned, but I'll leave it on screen if you want to watch it here next. Anyways, thank you guys so much for watching. I really appreciate all the support. I can't wait to keep making great videos for you guys. And don't forget to leave me a like, subscribe to the channel, and I'll see you guys next week.

  Top Comments:
  1. @macrocolonel [4 likes]: this video had that super smooth “easy to binge” energy where every scene actually felt connected 😭 clean pacing, satisfying editing and zero moments that felt random or dragged out
  2. @madsrasmussen4306 [3 likes]: Thank you, man, I really appreciate it! I genuinely found this video very helpful, and I'm so excited to start ads on my new company, where I have an ad spend of 2-3 thousand euro a month. I wanted to learn it myself instead of just having an ad agency, because I wanted to make sure that I could actually do it in case I ever went bankrupt.
  3. @DeVilleSunblock [2 likes]: Really helpful content, can't wait for the next video
  4. @godogotha1st [2 likes]: Very confusing tutorial
  5. @Bigjyv794 [1 likes]: You are way too fast, you are not beginner friendly. You are jumping way too fast, which makes it very diificult to follow. You sound more like a robot.
  6. @jfenn1 [1 likes]: let’s say you’re running ads for a client, do you run them from your account or do you run them from their account. not sure if i’m making sense but appreciate any help, thanks.
  7. @OluwatimilehinSamuel-pl5fs [1 likes]: What if I don't want to use a website
  8. @AVFromUpAbove [1 likes]: i was thinking of paying this guy to help me run ads but he's kinda taxing, would you say its simple enough to learn and spend that money on ad spend instead giving him a few thousand dollars to learn his system?
  9. @nasrodineelghalbzouri4849 [1 likes]: What’s the best Meta Ads sales campaign structure when using dynamic catalog ads for a store with multiple furniture categories (coat racks, tables, etc.)? For example, would it make sense to run one Sales campaign (broad / Advantage+ audience), one ad set, and inside it one dynamic catalog carousel ad per product category?
  10. @PrasaadJadhavs-d7m: Brother whats ur take on the new AI platforms which genrally doing ads etc like kopa, zeely etc
  11. @wildlife-c4e: Love from Pakistan 🇵🇰 this is really awesome way you explained.
  12. @ssjgarfield: And you already lost me.
  13. @xmarsol: ... who starts telling new beginners to start running facebook ads with a a SALES campaign.... YOU failed most at start.. Your basically allowing them to burn their money... smh and YOU KNOW THIS
  14. @tzvetat4324: Thanks for the tutorial. I followed step by step, but when using the ADVANTAGE ON, facebook doesn't allow to add the 5 cards you mentioned in the video. Is this something NEW after your video?
  15. @heathersudbrock: Great stuff! Thank you!
  16. @haashimbassier: If I want to start running ads for other businesses, that means that I would have to log into their Facebook business manager ?
  17. @teezyjugg8185: Click Bait ‼️‼️
  18. @DiggingDoYahoo: Love the way you explain things, very clear and professional.
  19. @jennizersarmiento783: Hi, your video is great. How about cost per lead for a coaching service offering a free strategy call?
Also, how do we compute the cost per booked call?
  20. @비비비빙-u5q: 한국어 번역 해주세요

- Facebook Ad Algorithm Changes for 2026: What Marketers Need to Know: Kind: captions Language: en So, it's a huge update and it redefines how we think about ads, how we think about strategy, and especially how we go about doing our ad creative. So, really, really big. I mean, huge bombshell kind of update. (Intro music) Today, I'm very excited to be joined by Tara Zirker. She is a Facebook ads strategist and consultant. She's the founder of The Successful Ads Accelerator, a done-with-you program that helps marketers launch and scale their ads rapidly. She's also the co-founder of the Studio Grow Agency. Tara, welcome back to the show. How are you doing? Thank you, Mike. It's so good to be here. Awesome. Well, today, Tara and I are gonna explore Facebook ad algorithm changes and what it means for marketers in 2026. So, let's start with why, Tara, is it so important to pay attention to Facebook and Instagram's new ad algorithm? Yeah. Well, Mike, the number one complaint I have heard, especially in the last few months has been, "I feel like ads are wasting my money. I don't know if they're working. Something changed. I'm not sure what it is. I don't know what to do." And the truth is, under the brand new algorithm, we'll talk about kind of what happened, um, but a lot did change and a lot of advertisers are falling-falling behind very quickly, and they will continue to do so if they don't upgrade their system to match the new algorithm. So- I love it. Okay. So, what does that- what does that really mean, though? If they- if they do pay attention to what we're gonna talk about today, what's the upside? I mean, they're gonna see a much better cost per result. They're gonna see... I mean, their ads might start performing, and I'm gonna share kind of a quick case study, um, a little bit later. Their ads might start performing in a way that they've never seen or haven't seen in years. Mm-hmm. Um, I've heard a lot of folks saying as they've kind of upgraded their a- their creative mostly to match the new algorithm's demands. They're just seeing numbers that they haven't seen in a long time, so that's really exciting. Not to mention you're gonna fo- future-proof your ads. You know, right now, between Google and Meta, these are the two largest advertising platforms that we have available to us, right? You have TikTok and Pinterest and all these other platforms. They don't even come close to the amount of spend that happens on these two platforms. And so, you really, really want to know and kind of keep yourself updated on what's going on and how you need to adjust and shift to these newest algorithm updates, 'cause let me tell you, if you're not advertising, your competitors will be. And so, you want to make sure that you're in the game and that you're reaching your ideal customers and clients in the right way. Love it. Okay, let's describe like the algorithm changes. Maybe we can talk about how it used to be and how it is, or wherever you wanna go. I love it. Okay, so in... At the end of 2024, um, Meta dropped us a pretty big bombshell on their, um, engineering blog. So, this is often where they start leaving breadcrumbs about things that are going to change. I've got a really big breadcrumb that I'll share at the very end about, you know, what's going to happen next. But they shared with us that they were launching actually not an update to the algorithm, a brand new algorithm, like completely new. And this was going to be... How do I explain this? Um, this was going to be instead of like, you know, the old way of advertising, which was you would have your creative and you would tell Meta who you want that creative to be in- put in front of, so targeting, right? You'd put in your manual targeting and all that stuff. Um, this would be such a huge algorithm update because Meta was gonna fully control the targeting, and they wanted you based on your ad creative to tell them who should be receiving these ads and where they're at in the buyer journey, and then they were going to use their AI machine learning to be able to match the ads with the creative. So, it's a- it's a really big update. Um, I was listening to Ben Heath talk about this and he said, "You know, it's kind of like Net- Netflix, right?" It used to be that Netflix would say, "Oh, you like cooking shows? Then we're gonna put you in this group of people who like cooking shows, and then we'll show all the cooking show people this, you know, feed of all the optional cooking shows." That's how they used to categorize. Now, the Netflix algorithm is so advanced that essentially they say, "Oh, you liked cooking shows, but then you also liked, you know, name your favorite Netflix movie. So, we're going to customize this feed to what we think you will like next based on your past, you know, preferences." And so now, that newsfeed is so customized to you specifically, it's not just this big category dump. And so, that's kind of what the new algorithm has done for advertising. So, it's a huge update and it redefines how we think about ads, how we think about strategy, and especially how we go about doing our ad creative. So, really, really big. I mean, huge bombshell, kind of Okay, let me ask you a couple of questions about this. Um, you said they hinted about it. We're recording this near the end of 2025. They hinted about it almost a year ago. Was the rollout slow? Um- Thank you. Yes. Okay, so then... So, 2024, they tell us, "Hey, we've got not just an update, we've got a brand new algorithm. We're gonna pop in everybody's ad accounts over the course of the next year." And we know, they let us know, that they completed that rollout in October of 2025. And so, this is very recent, that it is globally installed, every single advertiser now has the new algorithm in their account as of October 2025. And there's no going back. It is what No going back. Nope. Okay. This is what it is. There's still ways to work around it and there's definitely use cases where the new algorithm is not going to benefit every single business model right now. We'll get into some of that nuance. Um, so there's ways that you can kind of-... not be in that algorithm, so to speak. But for most advertisers, you're going to want to start using it, getting used to it, and also warming up that algorithm to your account so that Meta starts learning those signals and starts developing their data around, you know, this new algorithm around your account. So, it's very important that you understand it, start using it. Even if you don't use it as your predominant strategy, you definitely want to be giving Meta some of those signals so they can begin learning for you. Okay. When we were prepping for this, you said Andro-Meta ... Andromeda, I think is the word. Andromeda, you got it. A- AI-powered ad algorithm. Is that what this thing is effectively called? Yes. Uh-huh. And it's, it's gonna get even crazier 'cause we're gonna talk about the GEM update that they just announced, uh, i- on the engineering blog in November of this year. So, we have a really good idea of where this is going. I would say that this algorithm is kind of almost the middle ground between, like, all the Advantage+ updates that happened. Now we've got Andromeda, and we're headed for GEM. And so, we'll talk about that as well. Okay. So, um, in summary, where we're at with this Andromeda AI-powered ad algorithm is, it is effectively a algorithm that tries, th- and I'm not going back what I heard you say, tries to match your ad creative to whom it thinks is the best target audience. I mean, is that the effectiveness? I mean, is that it? You got it. And it's, it, there's a few more layers to it as well. I mean, simplified, that's exactly what it is, Michael. Um, I was just reading through, um, I love Jason Yim's, uh, Twitter account, or X account, I guess. And he, kind of, yeah, he heads up some of the client solutions at Meta, and he was talking about ... Consider it like this. Okay, so with the Andromeda update, also came a few other things including sequence learning and, um, Meta's new lattice system. But let me kind of simplify this. Basically, um, how he describes it, and I thought this was a really good description, let's just say that Meta knows that you bought a, you know, reservation, you got a reservation at a ski resort. And now your algorithm is going to respond to that by making sure that you see ads for ski equipment, lift tickets, ski luggage. I mean, the whole kit and caboodle. And- Sweaters, hats, gloves, everything, right? You got it. So, it's taking this kind of intent, like, oh, you know, if, if Meta can discover that you just booked a vacation, or you, you know, booked a vacation through an ad or something like that, let's give them everything they might need. Some new swimsuits. You know, I mean, it's just going to deliver the whole kit and caboodle, versus just this random, you know, selection of ads. So, it's really customizing that to intent, to what you've previously looked at and purchased, especially purchased, and what you might need next. I mean, can you imagine? This is, like, pretty significant. And I think a lot of us thought that ads did that before. And it i- that is not true. (laughs) Advertisers really tried to control that experience, you know, by saying, "Hey, we wanna target people who may have just done these certain behaviors and hopefully, you know, we're gonna, we're gonna, hopefully, you know, win some of these consumers, uh, you know, over with our products." So now, the algorithm is doing this all by itself, which is pretty insane and incredible. Okay then, um, I wanna talk about targeting. Is there any kind of targeting at all, um, that we have, and other certain applications where it does make sense to do certain things and not do other things? Like, I'd love to talk about that a little bit. Yeah, for sure. Okay, so when it comes to targeting, we are seeing, if you're e-commerce, if you are, um, digital courses, you know, things like that, that are kind of more, have broader, uh, targeting potential, we are seeing the new algorithm is really, um, if it's not out-performing on every account yet, I would assume that it definitely will be within a short period of time, once it learns your account and you give it enough signals. But there are certain, uh, business models that are not as responsive to Andromeda. So, we wanna think about, um, i- particularly brick and mortar. If you've got a business that is tied to geography, okay, then you're probably l- very likely still going to do manual targeting. Um, if you've got an e-commerce business that is, has super specific, niche product matching, um, it's likely that you're going to want to experiment with Andromeda, but we're still seeing that, you know, very, very niche sort of products sometimes do better with manual targeting. That means you're still feeding Facebook, um, and Instagram, you know, Meta, you're still feeding them the signals on who they should be targeting. Um, likewise, if you're like, a really niche service provider with like, regulated boundaries or, or things like that. Um, but I would say mostly, mostly, if you need to be targeting within a certain geography, we've seen it time and time again, where advertisers, you know, maybe it's a spa out of Milwaukee, and they give Meta the ZIP codes that they want to be targeting, that's their preference, they're, you know, using the Advantage+ and all of that, but then it, i- all of a sudden, they're getting calls from New York or LA. (laughs) And so you really, really have to, you know, take it out of the Andromeda algorithm, meaning you're doing the manual targeting and you're letting the algorithm kind of, you know, you're, you're really setting the perimeters. Now, what I wanna say is, a lot of people are going to say that, "Well..."... I'm special and my account, you know, never would they ever find my ideal target I was gonna go there 'cause there's a lot of people listening right now- Yes. ... who are media buyers and they're like, "No, it's not going to be as good as me," right? So go ahead and... (laughs) 100%. And, you know, I'll use ourselves as a use case. We started opening up to broad targeting, um, you know, back when Advantage+ was kinda coming online. We decided to start experimenting. At first, it didn't do well and now, I mean, it definitely outperforms most interest-based targeting that we can give it. And so, you know, we just say h- like, "Just go to town." I mean, here, th- here's the entire country we w- we wanna target and, um, you know, no age selection or very minimal age selection, no gender selection, no interests. Just go to town. And you know we're looking for small business owners, typically are spending less than $5,000 per month on their ads. I mean, it's a very specific niche and Meta does it better than we could ever do at this point. So the, the machine learning is just... It's beyond what... You know, we used to be able to gamify so many things, and I would say we're well beyond that at this point. Um, again, with the exception of, you know, real... I mean, genuinely super specific niches or, like, geography-based businesses. Now, I'm asking this question not as someone who does ads, so I'm, I'm ignorant, okay? So anybody who does ads, forgive me for this, but you said that once it learns your account and you give it enough signals, it can, it can... It, it's very good. What does that mean? How does it learn your account and how do you give it signals? Yeah, so this is where you start using... Um, so how do you use this algorithm, I guess, is, is also kind of a foundational- Yeah. ... question we should answer, and basically, that means you're using the Advantage+, uh, toolkit, right? You're advan- Advantage+ targeting. Um, you're doing all the Advantage+ placements, just kind of like that. You're just giving the algorithm full control. Behind the scenes, what happened to Advantage+ is it got this massive upgrade with the Andromeda update, or not even update, Andromeda algorithm, okay? And so if you're using that, you're already using the algorithm. And some people will say it took a little bit of time. Um, oh, gosh, I wish, Mike, that I had a specific dollar amount. For some people, they start seeing results, you know, in as soon as a few hundred dollars, like three to five, six hundred bucks. For others and, you know, for some of our bigger accounts, it definitely has taken several thousand dollars even, you know, up into like $10,000, $15,000, before we really started seeing the algorithm outperforming anything that we could do manually. So I wish there was something specific I could tell you, except, you know, I would say start with 10 to 20% of your budget, and if you're not already using some of these, you know, Advantage+, that's kind of how you access it, right? If you're not already using some of these Advantage+ , um, features, then start doing that and, you know, be patient with it and give it more time than you normally would, um, before you call something a loser and turn it off and just see if it starts to pick up. And I can almost guarantee eventually it will. Interesting. Okay. So what I, what I'm hearing you say is split test it, right? Yeah. Create a, create a, um, copy, for lack of better words, of the very same thing except turn on this, um, Advantage+ thing that you were talking about, which comes with Andromeda, and just see if it outperforms. And if it's not outperforming, you need to give it a little bit more time. So I would imagine if you spend a lot of money, it's probably gonna take a decent amount of money to kinda get it, but, but once it outperforms, it kind of becomes a benefit, right? Because- Oh, yeah. ... you'll, you'll end up saving money in the long run, right? Is that what I'm hearing you say? A lot of, lot of money, yeah. Um, and we'll kinda... When we... Especially as we get into the gem, um, update that's coming next, I'll tell you what some of those early performers are, but we are seeing, you know, when the algorithm does kind of pick up in your account, it can be a significant cost savings for sure. Let's talk about creative because I know this is- ... really a big part of this. Kind of exp- explain why the creative matters now more than ever. So creative is the heart and soul of wasted money (laughs) right now on Me- So if you are wasting money, it is from your creative. It's not your targeting. It's not your... You know, it could be a little bit of your strategy, but I will say I would s- I would, I would say 90% of cases, it's probably going to be from your creative, which actually is your strategy or should be 90% of your strategy right now. You know, the way you're setting up ads, I would say as long as you're setting up for leads or sales, you know, as long as you're following the basics of kind of good ad setup, uh, protocols, you're, you're gonna... The, the algorithm is very flexible with how many campaigns. You know, one thing I'll, I'll share there is, like, a more simplified structure we're seeing work really well. Um, even some advertisers have been able to stop retargeting altogether and just kind of pull it all into one campaign because Meta is just getting that good. They can tell if they should be retargeting, uh, you know, or if they should be delivering ads that would be geared more towards retargeting and things like that. So a more simplified structure, but most of the time, the problem with wasted money at this point is creative. And so you want to n- What do you need to know about Andromeda is you need a diversity of creative. So Mike, you know how we used to create an image, let's just say a static image, and then we would swap out the, you know, the headline on that image, and we'd swap out the, the colors and all of this? Or you would have somebody, you know, make a, a selfie talking head video or, um, you know, maybe, like, UGC, right? And then you would just swap out the hooks and the first few seconds of that video and you would diversify your creative portfolio that way. Meta is actually punishing that system now, okay? So your CPMs are going to go up if you're not giving it enough...... creative diversity. So that means, you know, the single image I just described where we're just swapping the headline, they're going to view that almost, you know, it's not exactly this way, but they're kind of viewing it as one image. Like, they're saying there's really nothing here that's different or unique. And the video- Wait. Just, just so we're clear, so if you have an image- Yep. ... let's say a beautiful shot- ... of someone with your product and you just change the text on the image, as far as the model is concerned, it's exactly the same. 100%. And so even though those are different, right, and you do need to continue to test those hooks, in terms of how the algorithm is rewarding accounts, it's rewarding creative diversity, not slight tweaks on creative with the s- kind of same, you know, central theme, if that makes sense. And so- You know, I think I have a r- I think I know why. I'm gonna hypothesize here. Why? The human eye is really good at recognizing pictures. And when it's, feels like it's seen that image before, it's going to discount it. Could that be what's going on? Because I know- I love it. ... I'm seeing ads over and over again, and like- Yeah. ... when they're different, uh, they feel new, but when they're not, they feel old. Could that be part of what's going on here? I think you're spot on with that. And playing... So if you kinda think through that, right, you wanna be thinking about a, a whole library of, of kind of categories here. Number one, you wanna be thinking in different angles, right? So you wanna, when you're thinking about your copy or, um, your creative angles of your ads, you wanna be thinking about pain points, pleasure, testimonial, curiosity, questions, right? When you think about, um, variations of, like, copy length, you wanna be thinking super short, short, medium, long, even blog length, um, in, in length, right? So really, really long. Um, last year, I was sitting in the audience at a live social media marketing world, um, both as a presenter and also it's just wonderful to learn from colleagues and everything. I remember Molly Pittman saying, "You wanna think of your copy as, you know, uh, with your ads, as kind of how we used to do SEO, um, blogging," right? So that algorithm is picking up on those signals of what is in your ad, um, you know, what are the key words in there, and where is that person in the buyer's journey. And so this is becoming very sophisticated, right? So you're thinking about all these different angles. And now when you think about your images and your videos, you wanna be thinking static imagery, short form raw videos, UGC, founder selfie type videos, polished videos, so a little bit of production quality, um, GIFs, carousels. By the way, carousals, there's a breadcrumb for everybody, carousals are very hot right now. Um, memes. You wanna think about static imagery. Remember that 60 to 70% of conversions on Meta still happen with static, uh, imagery. People are always shocked when they hear that stat. They think everything is surely switched to video. Um, you know, but Meta's own reporting is showing that, you know, what's really trending right now and, uh, the end of, you know, here we are 2025, is we're back to carousals. And so that's also trending in ads. Um, text only creative, right? Where maybe you don't even... you skip the image and you just have a static image with just pure text. And so, um, these are things that we see really trending. But the, the most important piece there to note is you want a diversity of these things. So you don't just want to fill your account with, you know, tons of static photos even if they're different, because Meta doesn't view that as a full enough library. You know, one stat that we saw was, um, uh, would have been Q1 I believe of this year, and I'm c- kind of just pulling this from memory, but Meta had shared that they had one million advertisers that had created with the new kind of AI tools that they had been releasing, um, 50 million variations of ads. And the reason this is so important for Andromeda is it needs a very rich and diverse library to pull from so that it can match. Again, if it's, if it's trying to match somebody's exact buyer's journey, then it can't just have two or three angles that are servicing someone who, you know, has very high intent and they're, they're ready to buy right now. It needs to service other angles, such as maybe somebody who, um, isn't even problem aware. So we gotta make them problem aware before we can even let them know what the solution is, right? And so it's, it's targeting all of these different points of the buyer's journey, and you've got to give Meta a lot to work with so you make sure you're getting that whole journey represented in your creative library. We're gonna share an example here, uh, from one of your clients in a minute, but for those of you that, uh, run agencies, um, this should be music to your ears because while you might not have a lot of work to set up all the targeting and stuff, you have an incredible opportunity to, to, to, to create all the creative. Am I right? Because this is, this is a overwhelming task for a lot of businesses, right? 100%. I would say that is where you want to position your value right now. As an agency owner or freelancer, if you're, if you're working on ads, you wanna be thinking about, you know, something that we're talking about a lot is, what is the avatar? And then, uh, you know, m- many businesses often have a couple different avatars. And then what are all of the points of their journey? And you wanna be designing, um, ads, and, you know, again, using that diversity, eh, of your creative library, you wanna be designing ads for every single point of that journey. C- So really thinking through that is going to give your client so much additional value. And I would think, where this could get really, really interesting is, for those of you that do email marketing and you have some winners there, you've got some great copy that you could potentially, like, use, like your best performing emails, especially if they have images inside of them, um, could be very, very valuable to add to the fodder, like if you send a lot of emails. In addition, AI, I would imagine, could be exceptionally valuable here. Like if you set up a really good cloud project and/or you use, uh, Gemini, um, Gemini Nano Banana Pro is ridiculously good. I mean like (laughs) , um, just little aside, I took my logo, uh, for AI Business World, which is our conference, and I dr- uploaded it as a PNG into, um, Gemini. Uh, you have to have a Workspace account, and I asked it to, um, add it to a coffee cup in a cafe. First iteration looked beautiful. Had a spoon there, a little reflection coming on the thing. Then I said, "Animate," and it created a little 10-second, and it had a guy get up and walk away that was in the background. It had a minivan kinda come by in the window. I mean, I totally coulda just used that as an ad if I wanted to, and, um, nobody woulda known. And I would imagine Meta has no problem with you using AI in your ad, uh, image creation and videos. Am I right or wrong on that? You're right, and I, I saw that image, Mike, and I couldn't believe, um, you posted that, I think, on your, your Facebook, right? It was... I was like, "This is a first draft?" I mean, so unbelievably good, and 1,000%, Meta is not only hoping you'll do that, they're encouraging you with their own AI tools on platform too, and that is literally to produce more creative because the new algorithm, it, it's not gonna function well without enough creative, so they had to kind of solve that pain point of, you know, we want to, um, uh... Who was it? It might've, might've been Jason, um, again who, you know, kind of... He, he made a point that this new algorithm is like, if you're just walking through a mall, you know, just browsing through a mall, who can predict which store you're going to go into and which product you're going to buy? And this is what the new algorithm is trying to do. It can only do it, and so, if it has enough creative, and so the solution there was to add to the platform all of these creative iteration tools, all the AI-generated tools that we have. Um- Uh, you ha- you have an example of someone that you're working with? Let's hear that story. Yeah, so this is actually one of my good friends, Carina Gardner. She owns a training company for creatives, like, um, folks who, you know, have art degrees and amazing creative talents who wanna turn their art into a business, and she's always done, and she does her own ads. Um, you know, she and I are always nerding out about ad stuff, and she has always done these, like, awesome paid design boot camps. And so, in October, in September, October, by the way, we have heard anecdotally across the industry, including from some of our, um, favorite Facebook people, were really rough months inside of the platform. I think as the algorithm, you know, finally did get installed on everyone's accounts, there's always an adjustment period, and I can't tell you how many just conversations I've had with so many colleagues saying, you know, they were experiencing the same thing. So, she had experienced a spike in her costs uns- you know, numbers she hadn't ever really seen on her account, and she said, "Listen, I had my top-performing video reels, same copy." She sent me a couple voice memos, we talked back and forth, and I gave her one of my recipes that has been exceptionally responsive to the new algorithm. I'm gonna share it with everyone here today, too. And she said her cost went from $86 per conversion, this is for a paid boot camp, uh, ticket, and she said, um, within, it was within like 24 hours, um, she added one carousel, three images. She used a lot of the generative AI, um, options that Meta gave her, and she had, you know, she just added a total of eight creatives. So we're not talking, like, you know, dozens of creatives here. We... She just diversified her, her creative library, and she used a specific formula that I'm gonna share, and her costs went down to $13.87. In fact, that was one of her records, and she's like, "I can't believe it. I thought the ads were completely broken for me forever." Like, "The algorithm doesn't like my account." It, you know, like, "What is going on? Can I fix this?" And this was, you know, a two-minute thing it took her to do. She had to create the things, but setting up the new, her new kind of campaign structure took her just a couple of minutes and saved her so much money, and so we're kind of seeing that across the board, um, you know, when you really play with this algorithm in the way it wants us to work with it, you're going to experience, you know, you're gonna experience some really good things on there. I love it. Feel free to share that formula that you were talking about. Okay, so this is, we call it our DCP, our dynamic creative formula. Funny enough, this is a formula that we actually, um, you know, kind of, we always, you know, as we create these recipes or formulas, it's, it's based on, you know, typically hundreds of thousands of dollars of ad spend, so we're A/B testing, A/B testing, you know, kind of putting together what's working, and then, of course, you can't just do that on one account. You've got to test this across a variety... You know, our, our company, um, our training, uh, company, we serve a variety of industries and business owners and things like that.So then you gotta, you know, test this stuff and make sure there's consistency across different industries and sectors and, you know, funnel types and all the things. And so we created this for, you know, quite a while ago for one of the newest, um, algorithm updates when everything started switching to Advantage+. We started seeing some really strong trends with, um, how the algorithm was reacting and now that we're, you know, we're here with Andromeda and we're going towards gems, we actually only see this formula getting better and better with age, which is really cool because that doesn't usually happen. Usually you have to, you know, rework things, uh, quite a bit. So you want to, when you are setting up for leads, you're gonna select, at the ad set level, something called the Dynamic Creative. It's a little toggle switch, and that is in your ad set. And if you're doing this for sales, then you are going to click at the ad level something called Flexible Creative. Okay? So they're called different things but they kind of react the same way, but basically what it allows you to do is to combine a bunch of creative into one ad. So instead of testing creative individually, you're combining it all into one ad. Okay, so you're, you've toggled that on and now you're going to add in, and you can experiment on your account, we see this formula being, you know, pretty consistently fabulous across, again, a huge diversity, different account types, different business types, et cetera, um, but you can experiment here with what's gonna work for you, but basically you want to max out the images, videos, and GIFs, okay? And I always recommend, you know, 50% images, 50% videos, um, is kind of a good mix there if you can do it. If you don't have enough videos, then that's fine. You just wanna put as many images as you can, and ideally these are top performers. So you can do creative testing this way, um, in fact we do have you set up in a way that, you know, kind of reflects this pretty closely. Um, but if we're, if we're just, y- if we're just kind of experimenting with this new feature, I would highly recommend that you just do your top performers if you've got that many. Then from there you're going to put in two variations of primary text. I recommend something that is short and medium in length, okay? So that's gonna be your starting kind of experiment. Two of your top performing headlines, and then whichever call to action makes the most sense, and then from there you can turn on all or you can read through and select any of the generative AI that suits your brand, and of course you can edit any of those and whatnot. I always say you wanna really look at those AI iterations and just make sure that they're on Explain what that is for people that don't know what you're talking about. What was that? Explain what that is, that generative AI use. Wow, okay. So when you put in your copy, Meta is going to give you a bunch of different variations of both your, um, primary text as well as your headlines, and so they're going to say, uh, you know, they'll give you, like, 10 variations and you can select which ones kind of work for you. And remember, you can always edit those but always read through them because sometimes, you know, especially if you're in a sensitive category, um, not a formal sensitive category... Well, anyways, there's formal sensitive categories with Meta but, you know, anything that is, uh, highly regulated and things like that, sometimes the AI generated, uh, generated copy can, you know, doesn't always, uh, suit compliance and things like that. So just make sure you read through it, makes sense, that sort of thing. Um, and then from there, so then you're going to go ahead and launch that. So this is like you just took all of these top, ideally top performers, you put them into one, you know, kind of delivery rocket ship and now Meta is going to go and test all of these different combinations. And here's the thing that you wanna know, is that it's not going to spend equally across your, your, um, creative, uh, variations there. So, um, just know it's going to pre-select which ones it thinks is going to be the winner. People always get super bugged by that; it's just kind of the, the way it goes. You can always do your own A/B testing that is, you know, much more, um, you know, you have the constraints of you have to force this amount of budget to this ad and things like that, but I will tell you that this typically outperforms anything that you'll do manually at this point. So we call that our Dynamic Creative Formula, the DCP, um, or Dy- Dynamic Creative Protocol. It is so, so good and it's only getting better with time. Uh, a couple clarifying questions on the AI front. Is it mostly text that, uh ... Or do they actually create AI images also? Yeah, so that is, that is where things are headed for sure. So right now when you upload that creative, it will give you, um ... And depending on your account, there's a lot of beta testing I see all the time across all the different accounts that we have access to. But right now there is generative AI that will, you know, crop things for you, it'll place headlines, it'll animate things, um, and we, er- at this point we recommend turning all of that on so when you upload your images and, or your videos, all of that, you're gonna see those options. Turn those on, um, those are fabulous. Just know you, you lose control over that, so if you see an ad floating around that has, you know, one of your headlines that's put on top of an image, it, you, you don't get to control that, right? So give up the control, let the algorithm just kind of do its thing, it's very good. And then where we're going, um, is going to be exactly what you're describing, Mike, where you pop in an image and it's just gonna go to town. It's gonna do all of your creative iteration for you, um, through its AI tools and that's gonna be a wild new world, but that's where it's headed for sure. How often do we need to replenish our creative? We're s- yeah. Because... Yeah, I mean, because, like, is this a one, one and done, or is this... Like, what's, what's your thoughts on this? Probably faster than you would think, and a lot of this depends on your budget, right? I don't think we're headed into the territory of some of these, you know, um, platforms that are, you know, like TikTok for example, just very creative demanding. Um, but I do think that we are going to have to refresh more frequently. So, we used to be able to let ads run for a long time. If you're thinking, talking like a smaller account, maybe spending a couple of thousand a month, some of those ads could run, you know, months, sometimes years. I mean, they, they start to decline over time, but, you know, you're still kinda getting good enough results to just let it keep going. And, um, on bigger accounts, of course, you're, you're definitely, you know, refreshing creative much more frequently. But what we know is that Andromeda, it is going to reward fresh creative and it is going to punish (laughs) accounts with higher CPMs where creative is fatiguing. In fact, um, we can talk about this too, they are sh- they're releasing new metrics. I haven't seen this, um, confirmed yet in, like, I haven't seen this broadly across accounts, but, you know, they're going to, there's new metrics that will be launching around this, but basically creative fatigue, creative similarity and top creative themes. Okay? So, this is where we're understanding things like, is our account most responsive to humor, nostalgia or, you know, things like that. Social proof, you know, those are gonna be new metrics that supposedly are coming to the platform. So, we're gonna have a lot more insight into that as well. And I, I don't want to give anything that is too formulaic here because I think we're just gonna have to wrap our arms around this a little bit more before we understand, um, you know, how long- You have a sense, you have a general rule of thumb, like once a month add new creative or... Yeah. I mean, if you are on a smaller account that's always our rule of thumb, is you wanna be refreshing creative monthly. So again, you're spending a couple of thousand a month, you should be refreshing creative monthly. Not to say your creative won't last longer, but that's where you should be. And then of course if you're working on, you know, much higher budget account, you should be refreshing creative weekly. And those are general rules of thumb that will probably keep you pretty healthy, and we may be updating those recommendations as we kinda see how things play out. Okay. Um, ad placement, you know, you've got reels and stories and all the shapes and sizes and stuff like that. Do we need to worry about that anymore? Yeah. I mean, you, so, Meta will, in large part now, kind of do the adjustments and the croppings and things like that. You know, it used to be that we had to upload all these different sizes and, and things of that nature. And now, um, now it will, it will definitely take the right sizing and put it on the right placement. So, that doesn't mean that it's always going to use those placements. You know, if your ads are meant for the feed, it might have a really hard time, um, with the sidebar placements. And so, it's not always going to place... there's so many placements at this point, um, that library has gone, you know, the, those, those, uh, that selection, uh, menu has grown quite large. And so, you're just going to place your creative and let the algorithm kinda do its thing. It will figure out the right size for the right placement and what should go where, and it's, it's very good at it. So, the, the big takeaway there is don't try to gamify it. Um, I see a lot of kind of rookie mistakes in this, that is like way, I mean, you're talking 2019, 2018 kind of techniques when you're trying to say, "Only news feed," or, "Only Meta," or, you know, or only Meta, only Instagram. A lot of people too, they get really, um, they only wanna do Instagram ads, Mike. I see this quite often. And you should just know from what we usually see, about 60 to 80% of your quote unquote Facebook ads, your Meta ads, are automatically going to be served on Instagram. But it really does you no benefit to say, "I don't want Facebook." You will get a much better result and cost if you say, "Put it wherever, and just know that most of it is, generally speaking, going to go to Instagram." Are threads even available as a placement yet? For some, yeah. Uh-huh. Okay, interesting. Okay, so let's talk about this GEM thing, you brought it up many times. Um, what is this, uh, GEM thing you've been hinting about that's coming? Yes. The generative ads recommendation model. Meta... So again, we see a lot of these big updates that kinda get released as initial breadcrumbs or hints on the engineering blogs. So this- By the way, that spells GEM just for the record, generative ad- Yeah, I, I know. Or, or is it... No. I was like, "Why did it become GEM?" How do they, how do they get, how do they get GEM out of that if it's gen- uh, actually that's JARM. (laughs) Yeah, I, I was trying to figure that out myself. I was- Anyways, keep going. For anybody who's like, "Acronyms, wait, how did it get..." I, yeah, I did, I was like, "Yeah. What in the heck?" (laughs) Um, but basically, okay, so GEM, this is where things are going. Okay. Um, this is the new super brain, okay? And this is the comparison, all right? So imagine this can read an entire library of books in seconds, it understands the relationships between all the characters, remembers every single detail, and you connect all the details instantly. This is what, this is the algorithm that is going to be layered on top of these other, uh, algorithm, algorithms that we talked about. And this is going to be, you know, how we've heard kind of, uh, leaders and even Mark Zuckerberg himself talk about this, where things are headed, is they essentially want you to be able to upload an image and tell them your budget, and it will do all of the rest.It's going to generate all of the ad creation. It's going to, you know- Titles, everything? Wow. All the text? ... ev- everything. It's going to animate. It's g- uh, it's just going to create that entire ad library by itself. (laughs) And so, this is kind of where things are headed, which is a wild world when you think about it. And what Meta wants us doing as marketers then is really focusing on what happens after the click, right? So, this is offer, customer journey. It wants that... It's going to reward whatever happens after the click very powerfully, because that's going to give it all the signals it needs to find our buyers and iterate and create the correct creative for this group of people. So, this is kinda where it will go. I mean, it's not gonna go there overnight, but that's the direction of where Meta is trying to head. So, it's kinda wild when you start thinking about it, um, and, you know, I saw again, Jason Lim, um, who heads up, uh, the, uh, you know, custo- or client solutions. I'm just trying to pull up, he had some really great stats on their beta testing of this. Let me just find that really quick. Yeah, while you're looking at that, um, there's a lot of people who are listening right now that are probably freaking out because maybe their- ... career up to this point has been doing all of these things. Um, I would imagine there's a window of opportunity for us that are really good with AI. Like, I have a whole show dedicated to this. And I use Claude and I'm... I swear by it right now that it's the best writer that's out there. And I would imagine if you can give really good quality copy and you can generate very high quality images with whatever platform, you know, right now as of this recording, Google Gemini, Nana Banana Pro is top of class, um, you can be slightly ahead of all of your competitors who are using Canva and, you know what I mean? And just- Yes. ... just the very basic stuff. Um, but I... But the good news is eventually the ads are gonna be less about the ad itself and more about the journey, and I like that, because there's still an opportunity for marketers because you still have to convert, and in the end you've gotta drive them somewhere, right? And that's where a marketer could, could come to the table. Um, you can respond to that. And after you share the Jason quote, if you found it, um, what's your thoughts? 1000%, Mike. I think the value right now... If you're in this space, I think the value is increasing your AI skills, um, a- exponentially would be kind of a good place to start. And I would say, um, really understanding the customer journey and the creative that's going to lead someone to purchase. So, kinda what we talked about, creating those client avatars, becoming more sophisticated about how we're thinking through those creative angles, creative t- uh, targeting and things like that. Um, and then also, you know, really developing out your strategy muscle. So, um, you know, thinking about the value that you can add post-click, that is where most of the value is going to be as the- these algorithms evolve. We're not getting there overnight. I don't think we're getting there, you know, within months. I think there's time. But if you know where things are headed then you can start to plan appropriately and start to think about, you know, how these platforms are changing. And there's always going to be space for excellent marketers who can help drive revenue. So, if you kind of just think about, you know, how... what, what can I do with my skills that help drive revenue? You're gonna find all the solutions that you need. Um, and I'm gonna share too, you know, when they've layered all of these algorithms together and updates and, and beta testing with JEM, um, they said in Q2, so they kind of started beta te- beta testing, um... You know, we've talked about Andromeda. There were a couple other updates that came with Andromeda. When they layered all four of these updates together, um, they... it delivered a 5% increase in ad conversion on Instagram and 3% on Facebook. But then listen to this. That was Q2, okay, so beta testing. In Q3, we doubled that. So, within three months it doubled efficiencies. When you think about how fast this is moving, this is a rocket, you know, ship. You wanna get on that ship, right? And so, um, this is going to move very, very quickly. It's going to evolve fast. I still think there's, you know, plenty of time to kind of get on board and start testing through some of these new features and things like that. But this is where things are going and it's going to move very fast. Folks, Tara will be one of, um, five, um, speakers on the paid orga- uh, the paid social side and o- and one of 24 speakers on the social track at Social Media Marketing World. Plus we'll have another 20 speakers on the AI side of things. I can assure you this world is changing faster than we can ever imagine and it's being fueled ultimately by the AI, in this case algorithms, creative, and all these other things. There's never been a more important time for you to study these things. I cannot wait to see you in April in Anaheim. Um, Tara, if anybody wants to, um, connect with you or potentially work with you in the various programs you've got going on, where do you want to send them? Yeah. start@successfuladsclub.com. Um, or you can find me on Instagram @tarazerker. Thank you, Tara, so much for sharing your insights with us. Thanks, Mike.

  Top Comments:
  1. @SocialMediaExaminer: 🗨 Use this five-part framework to develop a winning positioning strategy, including how to test your assumptions, gather multi-source market insights, and get internal and external buy-in for your messaging. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LQ-MW9aOl4g
  2. @Jebin-oms: Dump this algorithm
  3. @Jebin-oms: Worst worst update, ads wasting money it's true.
  4. @dammyoyetola7902: Thank you
  5. @GuaranteedPPC: WE ARE AT A POINT NOW WHERE MORE AD COPY, THE BETTER, WHICH IS THE COMPLETE OPPOSITE PEOPLE WERE DOING BEFORE.  ALSO, CUSTOMER LISTS ARE LESS IMPORTANT THAN THEY USED TO BE, AS THE AD CREATIVE IS THE MORE IMPORTANT THING NOW.
  6. @SeverinGavrila: good
  7. @danielschain: Fantastic information! Thank you for providing helpful and important content.
  8. @chrevychase: Meta is guilty of over-charging their ad customer base and has literally stolen shocking amounts of money.   Also, their ad platform over the last year has skewed to more ad spend with less results. If you know, you know.

I wouldn't trust META at all.
  9. @neilbaboolal9990: 👍

- Facebook Ads NEW Rules for 2026 (learn this ASAP): Kind: captions Language: en If meta ads are feeling harder and harder, it's because the game has changed. Now Meta Ads is just a race for who can put the most winning ads into their ad account. And some of the people you're bidding directly against are putting thousands of new ads into their ad account every single month. But don't worry, in this video, I'm going to explain the landscape of ads in 2026, and [music] I'm going to give you five rules to follow that are going to help you win on Facebook in 2026. So, first things first, you need to realize that creative volume is king. And I'm going to show you just some before and afters of some big brands. So, Skims in Q4 of 2024 was running 1,500 ads. In Q4 of 2025, they were running 4,800 ads. Gruns, for example, in 2024 was running 900 ads. And in 2025 Q4, they ran almost 3,000. And then a smaller brand that was in probably a similar position to a lot of you last year. In 2024, they're running 100 ads. And then in 2025, they're now running 700 ads. And the founder of this brand, HOS, is actually Lucas Factory, is very public about their numbers. Last Q4, they were doing 100, couple hundred a month. This Q4 they did, I think their biggest month was $2 or $3 million. Another thing too before we move on that I want to show a big difference in the ad accounts look at Gruns the actual pages that they were running the ads from right in 2024 they were mainly running ads directly through their brand page but in 2025 you see a ton of whitelisting and we're going to get into that later but let's move on. So the first rule was creative volume is king. The second rule is you need a creative engine and I'm going to show you exactly how to build that right now. The first thing you need to do before you start building your creative engine is actually doing deep research. And what I mean by this is not AI deep research. You can do it, but I think you should spend a little bit of time doing manual deep research and actually trying to understand your customer. You can do this by crawling Reddit, going in Tik Tok comments, looking at your competitor's comments on their ads, your comments on your own ads, Amazon reviews. You just need to understand what your customer actually wants. And you don't need AI to spit out something that tells you. You need to understand what your customer wants. Now, after you do deep research, you're going to need to write a brief. And for briefs, you're either going to be writing a video brief for VSSL or UGC creator, or you're going to be writing a static brief for static ads that's going to be sent to graphic designers. Notes for your briefs for UGC influencers. You need to have not only the creative type that you're going to do, but also the hook type and the hook visual in every single brief, as well as the actual copy and visual direction for what they need to be doing in the video when they're actually making it. For static ads, you need your creative type, angle, the customer profile that you're attacking, headline, and visual direction. Those are just some things that you need to have and you need to take into account whenever you're actually writing your briefs. Next is going to be actually launching the ads. And later on in the video, I am actually going to explain how you should set up your campaign to properly test the way that I'm going to explain in this video. The next step is going to be analysis. And that doesn't just mean looking at your your cost per acquisition or your rorowaz and picking your winning ads from your losing ads, right? If it's a video ad, you need to be looking at your hook rate, your hold rate, and your click-through [music] rate. If your hook rate is bad, that means your hook sucks. If your hold rate is bad, that means the rest of the video sucks. And if your click-through rate is bad, that means the ad itself didn't do a good enough job selling or it means your CTA is very weak. This is what I mean by analysis. A lot of you guys just take a concept and throw it out the window because you didn't get a 5x row as the first time you ran the ad, right? Wrong. That's not the way you should be going about things. Okay? And if it's a static ad, you can do the same thing. Look at your CPMs. Look at your click-through rates. Look at the comments on the ad. Right? you can go and look and learn from these ads. So that's what the analysis phase looks like. The next phase is going to be ideiation. Okay? And what I mean by that is take those things that you learned from your analysis and what we're going to do is we're going to create a pipeline. A that's going to be ideations of ads that maybe you had a really good hook rate on an ad, but the ad didn't perform well. That's what this is going to be, just strictly iterations. And then we're going to do a pipeline B that is going to be this entire new process over and over and over again. Right? That's how you're going to keep up in 2026. It's not just remaking the ad that worked 3 months ago over and over and over again. You've been doing that and it's not working. That's why you're not scaling. You need to have a creative engine just like this, just like how I set it up for you. So once you get to that analysis stage, you're going to have some winning ads and you're going to ideulate on them. But also, you need to do this over and over and over again so that you can keep testing new customer profiles, new angles, new creative types, new hooks, new headlines. Never stop testing. So hopefully you understand that this is how to build a good creative engine. Next, I'm going to give you my two favorite creative types to go into in 2026. These are the best creatives in my opinion. We've spent [music] tens of millions of dollars on ads at this point, and I'm coming up on like 10 years of running ads. So, take that with whatever you want. These are the two best creatives in my opinion. First is going to be static ads, but I don't just mean regular static ads. I'm going to give you two types of statics that work the best. It's going to be meme statics and curiositybased statics. [music] And holy, that looks terrible. I don't even know if you can read that. And the reason that these are important is because you can do a lot of volume of them. But also, these meme and curiosity based statics are going to have low CPMs. They're sharable. They're funny. That's the meme ones. And then the curiosity based ones I really like. I think it's an underserved emotion. Everybody is trying to do all the selling in this tiny little static ad. They're going to tell them what the ingredients are, what it's going to make them feel like, all these different things. When if you can just invoke enough curiosity to get someone to click, you have good landing pages, maybe you have a quizunnel, maybe you have some consumption funnels, that's extremely extremely important and it is very powerful because you can cut through a lot of the creatives that are just overselling. They have so much going on. If you can just spark some curiosity in someone's mind and get them to click down your funnel, that's a win. The next is going to be whitelisted UGC. Like I showed you in the beginning of the video with grunts, it is extremely extremely overpowered. This is like the new meta. This is the best kind of creative to run in my opinion. You can run it review style, testimonial style, or in like a more OG traditional VSSL way where you give them like a full script to read, ask them to shoot BTS for you and turn it into like a real video ad. These work extremely well because a they're native to the feed. People just like to watch ads like this more and you're using real people and real people connect well with other real people. There's a lot of stuff on YouTube and stuff and you guys I feel like everybody forgets we're making ads. They go to real people, right? You just see all the numbers in the ads manager, but these static ads, the reason that they work is because real people like them. They're funny. They're good. They make people curious. The reason that this works is because real people like it. Okay, we got to get back to what people actually like. So, these are the best creatives that you need to be testing in 2026. Next is how are you going to set up your ads? So, we're going to set up a prospecting campaign and we are not going to be doing an We are going to be doing a CBO. And we're also going to be optimizing for new customer acquisition. We're not going to be doing, you know, existing. No, we're not going to be doing engaged audience. No, we're focused on new customer acquisition and we are going to test and scale in this same campaign. The idea is we are going to create a competitive environment. Remember in the beginning of the video when I said the goal is just to get as many winning ads into your ad account as possible. That's the idea behind setting up your campaigns this way. You can do your retargeting or your audience segmentation or whatever in another campaign, but if you're going to follow this to a tea as the rules for 2026, this is the campaign that you should be testing in. And you, in my opinion, or the way we do things is we scale the budget as we scale the creative output. So, the two things are moving up together. I'm not just getting one winning ad and then scaling my budget every single day, right? As I scale my budget, I also scale my creative output, if that makes sense. Now, the end of the video, the proper mindset when scaling with Meta. I do want you to understand that this is the best algorithm that we've ever had. Okay, I've been running ads on Meta since I was 13 years old. I ran my first drop shipping store and I have never seen an algorithm that works as good as this one. A refresher, it's Andromeda. The creative does the targeting for you. So now I feel like the game is actually easier on the little guys. It's easy for the big guy to pump out a 100,000 creatives, right? But for the little guys, if you just actually lock in, like do a good job, you can test thousands of creatives, right? You can scale. So the way that I want you to think now is by using this as many new customers as humanly possible. If you made it to the end of the video, go to the comments right now [music] and comment that as many new customers as possible. Write this down on your wall. Frame it. Think about it. You don't need to be maximizing for the highest rorowaz. Okay, that's stupid. You need to be trying to get as many new customers as possible. Meta's delivery engine is insane. They literally did a collab with the heads of AI at Nvidia to make a delivery engine that's so good that it reduces the learning process and increases the delivery by like 80 billion times. It's the best algorithm we've literally ever seen. And you're telling me that you're just not trying to scale as hard as you possibly can right now? Why would you be doing that? You should probably not do that. you should probably try to get as many new customers as humanly possible right now. Okay, so I hope you understand what I mean by that. I hope that's that's clocking to you. Um, and yeah, write this down. Leave it in the comments. Do it now. All right, so hopefully that was helpful. If there's one thing that I do want you to take away from this video, it's this sentence right here. Make a lot of static ads that people actually like. Make a lot of UGC content that people actually like and scale aggressively as aggressively as you possibly can. But if you don't know how to do this stuff and you're spending more than $50,000 a month on Meta, good news. Good news. You made it all the way to the end of the video. We make thousands of ads every single month and we spend millions of dollars in our clients ad accounts. If you want to learn more, if you want to work with us, just click the link below. It's a bunch of case studies, testimonials, a bunch of our work on the page, and a full video explainer of how we do what we do. All right, go get as many h oh as many new customers as humanly possible. Go do that. Go do it right now. Tip.

  Top Comments:
  1. @AdnanShaikh1007 [1 likes]: Hey Jared, I redesigned a banner concept for your channel to match the authority and clarity of your content, with a clean, professional look. If you’d consider investing in an upgrade, what’s the best way to send you a preview — email or Instagram DM?
  2. @haarisamir1987 [1 likes]: Oh my. Def gonna work with you soon 🤞🏾
  3. @micaela-bravo [1 likes]: AMNCAHP
  4. @jaredirobinson: If you’re spending $50,000/mo+ & want a team of stimmed up modern day propagandists making ads & managing your meta sales channel….. -> CRTVDON.com 👀
  5. @JulietteCares: We are going to use your method to acquire AMNCAHP. Thank you.
  6. @theceoguy1: make a video how to add 50-100 creatives a week and like get scaling to 300-600k adspend a month how to implement etc
  7. @youngmaryworld: its clocking AMNCASHP
  8. @DrMihirShah: You don’t put the winners into a Seperate scaling campaign ?

Won’t meta just give all the budget to the winner and not even allocate budget to new creatives in order to be able to test them ?
  9. @theoclough: real professional, great videos thank you. Learning a lot
  10. @josephp1263: AMNCAHP
  11. @learning11-d3g: Thank you. How do you recommend someone with 200 a day budget?
  12. @grantzielinski2663: Do we launch new ad sets within the campaign or keep the same adset
  13. @Cybermind1: AMNCAHP
  14. @christiandelgrande: AMNCAHP!
  15. @elmirj7549: Great video, do you use Flex ads? If so, how many ads do you put into those flex ads with say a $200 buget?  Do how many primary text and headlines do you do?  Also, when you kick it off, how to you test other ads, do you create new flex ads in a new adset?  Thanks in advance.
  16. @NoahMack-g9b: AMNCAHP
  17. @evolvetoroots: If you were launching meta ads for the first time how many creatives would you start with? And approximately how much budget would you start with to get enough data to see what working after the first week? Thanks for your video, it does simplify the process a lot.
  18. @Divy1422: Hey Jared, really nice video ! I was wondering if I could help you with more Quality Editing in your videos and also make a highly engaging Thumbnail and also help you with the overall youtube strategy and growth ! Pls let me know what do you think ?
  19. @salihmohamed7759: Appreciate it any referrals for agency’s that make creatives for smaller spending accounts?
  20. @Mehtab-b2d: AMNCAHP

- The Future of Facebook Ads (Do This Before 2026): Kind: captions Language: en Meta has shut down certain detailed targeting audiences. They've completely ripped apart attribution. The entire platform has changed drastically in the last year. And as a result, some advertisers are seeing CPMs spike. They're seeing return on ad spends drop, cost per acquisition go in the wrong direction, and overall, Facebook has never been more challenging than it is today. And the craziest part is that this is just the beginning. There are countless changes that you're likely not even aware of. And the advertisers that figure out how to navigate these changes best are going to completely dominate the market while others are going to be priced out. Now, I've been tracking some major shifts happening right now that are completely reshaping Facebook advertising as we know it. If you want to profitably run Facebook ads in 2026, then what I'm about to share could potentially save you tens, if not hundreds, of thousands of dollars [music] in wasted ad spend. If you're wondering why you should listen to me, I've been running Facebook ads for the greater part of 11 years. I've worked at VaynerMedia, BarkBox, and now I run The Moon Liters where we work with nearly 100 brands right now across all different verticals, spending anywhere from $10,000 a month all the way up to multiple hundreds of thousands of dollars per month. So, to help you prepare for the future, I put together a list of my three most pillar tent [music] poles that you need to nail in 2026 to scale profitably. I'll break down what these changes actually mean, the exact systems that you can follow and copy into your business so that you can implement them for 2026. And it doesn't matter if you're spending $10 a day, $100 a day, $1,000 a day, or $20,000 a day. These are core principles, the same things that we use at The Moon Liters for our clients, no matter the size of the brand. The first major shift is one that is real. This is not observation. This is a shift that has happened. The old algorithm is now the new Andromeda algorithm. What we need to understand here is what is this shift? Why is it so important? And how are we adapting to it with structure first. So, first off, the Andromeda algorithm has been a shift from audience to creative targeting. Now, what this very simply means is in the old algorithm, you would choose your audience, whether it's broad, interest, lookalikes, whatever, and the creatives you push into that ad set get targeted from that interest group. This has now flipped. Instead of an interest or a broad target deciding who the ads are going to be shown to, that has completely reversed. We now have a situation where whatever ads are within your ad set define the targeting on an individual level. This means that, yes, you could have completely different ads in the same ad set that target two very different people. It also means that you could have multiple ad sets in the same campaign targeting completely different people, even if the targeting, the interest group, or the broad is 100% the same. Now, I don't want to get too conceptual on this, but what this means is that your creative concepts matter more than ever. And the structure that we actually like to deploy to solve for Andromeda that we've proven out across 80-plus accounts at this point is one of with swim lanes. Now, swim lanes are a very simple philosophy that we need to separate prospecting, retargeting, and retention. So, the important part about swim lanes is that you as the advertiser actually know where you're spending your money. One of the biggest flaws that we see with Facebook is that it overspends on engage and existing customers. It's fine to spend a lot of money on engage. It's fine to spend a lot of money on existing customers. But what I don't like is when advertisers or brands that we work with think that they're spending money on prospects. They think they're spending money on new customers when in reality, they're actually spending a boatload of that cash on existing and engage, which they believe they're targeting in other places like email, SMS, and other retargeting methods. What we like to do is make sure that our swim lanes are clearly defined. Our first swim lane is prospecting. This is generally a CBO prospecting campaign mixed with a boatload of ad sets. Those could be a combination of broad and interest groups, even lookalikes if you'd like to give them a shot. The important part is that we're grouping a lot together in one campaign, and we are creating a hyper-competitive environment. I want to actually say that twice. A hyper-competitive environment is one of the most important things that you could have in a Facebook ads account because you're actually giving the algorithm some power to decide where to spend your money. Now, this is very, very different than a one campaign method or just throwing everything into one ad set because you could actually define minimum, maximum budgets and even put exclusions on things at the ad set level within your prospecting campaigns. That's the control, that's the levers that we like to have on our side without just giving all the power to Facebook. The second and third swim lanes are retargeting and retention. Retargeting is anyone who's visited your site and anyone who's engaged with your business. They know about you, very simple. Retention, on the other hand, is anyone who's purchased. This isn't someone who's added to cart. This isn't someone who almost purchased. They've handed you money. That is a very big difference between retargeting and retention. We want to make sure we're treating each of these buckets separately, we're dedicating our budget accordingly, and even in some cases curating the creative to each of these buckets. But most of the time, it's okay to have the same creatives in each with a big testing environment in our prospecting CBO. And you might ask, why? Why does this fix Andromeda? Why does this fix the issue that everyone seems to have in the back of their mind? It's actually quite simple. It starts in the prospecting CBO campaign. The prospecting CBO campaign now has the capability to spend its cash wherever it wants, meaning your audiences can individually be targeted per creative. So, think about it like this. If you separated all of your ad sets or all of your creative concepts into different campaigns, then you're controlling the budget. $200 here, $200 here, $200 here. But grouping these together, what it actually does is it allows you to still see very clearly with organized ad sets, set minimums and maximum budgets if you need, and with your total budget, so 200, 200, 200 equaling 600 on a total CBO budget, Facebook will distribute wherever the cash is best spent. And I know one issue that a lot of people have is that certain creatives don't get any spend. I'm here to tell you this is a feature, not a bug, most of the time. Not all the time. Most of the time, Facebook is saving you cash by doing this. So, what I would advise, if you really feel like there's an ad that you've put a lot of time or effort into, set a minimum budget, make sure it gets $25, $50 a day, let it ramp up a little bit. If it doesn't work after 7 days, kill that minimum budget. Okay, so our structures are complete. The second shift that I have seen and that basically everyone has seen because it actually happened. This is not theoretical. The second shift that has happened in Facebook ads in the last year is massive changes to attribution and measurement. We all remember when the conversions API came out. We all remember iOS 14.5, the doom days of Facebook. But things have changed a lot. We've seen interest targeting be removed. We've seen adjustments to how and who we can target, who we can exclude, who we can add. We saw an era of Advantage Plus sales campaigns. But now, targeting and really all the features are kind of coming back to us, which is a good thing. it comes to measurement, this is one of the places where we need to be accurate. And that accuracy has improved drastically with the introduction of incremental attribution. Now, I want to challenge all of these third-party attribution softwares because they do have their place, but I think people get too excited about them when we actually have the best tool natively built into Facebook. Think about it like this. Hyros, Triple Whale, and all third-party attribution platforms have only access to certain amounts of data. Imagine Facebook only had click-based data. The only signal that we were able to optimize on and the only algorithm input was click-based purchases. If that was the case and there was a third-party platform that came out that had the ability to see view purchases, click purchases, incremental purchases, and every engagement, every search, every like, favorite, comment, share that you've ever done over all time on your social platforms, I think everyone would pay boatloads of money for that third-party platform. And that is exactly what Meta is capable of doing with its standard attribution. It sounds so boring because it's built in, and there's fancy tools with great marketing slogans that actually sell us into programs that don't do as much as the actual Facebook tracking. And I don't want to discredit these tools because there are some use cases where they're great. But when it comes to measurement, the best measurement is Meta's measurement. They care so much about it. I was at a Facebook conference just a few months ago where they were breaking down their improvements to the measurement. They were breaking down every little, tiny detail you'd imagine. It felt like patch notes in a video game. And I think this single thing, attribution and measurement, is the key difference between why Facebook and Instagram are so much better at advertising than other platforms like TikTok and Snapchat. So, all this said, the shift and the application that I am prescribing here is to use more incremental attribution on your ads. There's actually two things I would advise to most businesses. Most businesses should generally run 7-day click, 1-day view. However, you should be optimizing your ads on incremental attribution. These are conversions that happened because of Facebook, not Facebook slipping in at the last second to get that conversion and take credit. And the second thing that I would advise basically every single business, what we do at The Moon Liters here with every single business, is we always measure back to our actual Shopify or e-commerce store results. So, just because Facebook says you got a 5x return on ad spend and drove this many new customers, doesn't mean it's always true. Their measurement isn't perfect, although I do think it is the best of. I think that generally speaking, you always want to measure back to what you're seeing in Shopify. What we like to do on our side is we like to show our total spend, total new customers, total revenue. That gets us blended ROI metrics, not ROAS, but return on investment total for the business, MER or marketing efficiency ratio, and then finally, NCPA or new customer cost per acquisition. These are all really good metrics to just keep a pulse on, and we always like to measure back to one king goal. Your king goal, the most important goal you have, is one goal that overrides all other goals. This is your business health goal, and I think every single brand out there should have a king goal. Back in my day at BarkBox, we used to say CAC or cost per acquisition is king. The only thing we cared about was hitting our cost per acquisition goal, and whatever that goal was on any given month, as long as we achieved that goal, everyone was happy. Now, if we scaled, excellent, we're good. And if we came down, okay, as long as we're under that cost per acquisition target. That is the philosophy that I have personally now applied to hundreds of businesses that we work with at The Moon Liters across my team. And the third shift that I have seen, which actually ties very well into one and two here, is a creative shift. I've never seen more of a push by Facebook ads to get more creative and more concepts of creative delivered. I've talked about the creative flywheel before. I've talked about the need to have multiple different ad creatives in your account. So, ad creative one might cause a reaction from this age, ad creative two might cause a reaction from this age and gender, where all different creatives actually stack up to create a nice halo where you're really reaching all of your possible audiences that will buy your product. Now, to put this very straight, you need a very simple flywheel system when you're building your creatives. And the purpose of that flywheel is to create constant new content pillars. Now, what everyone else is saying is you need diverse creative. This isn't true. You need to stack creative pillars. So, if UGC in car as a creative pillar works really well for you, then create a whole lot of UGC in car. If static images with black backgrounds and your product work lot of that concept. The thing that we're seeing in the market right now is that the biggest brands are establishing their pillars, and they're going very deep on those pillars. We're not just throwing spaghetti at the wall and trying every new creative concept, and then always trying to reinvent. What we're actually doing is finding these pillars, establishing what works for our business, understanding that each pillar might perform different. UGC in car is going to perform very different than ugly ads, but both might drive our target. One just might have way more spend behind it, one might have less spend behind it. It doesn't mean that we're not building each of those pillars. So, when it comes to building your creative depth and these pillars, as long as you're maintaining that constant flywheel, that analyzing your data, figuring out what you need to create, creating, launching, and waiting just a few days, that nonstop flywheel is going to keep your account moving forward, which is so critical. Now, as we talked about in the beginning of this video, Andromeda released just a few months ago. And while you're in the midst of nailing these three pillars, it's also really important you get your campaign structure right. So, click this video right here where I go through my entire structure step by step, so you can copy and paste it into your ad account, or adjust your ads to make sure you're at least following the core concepts. That's all for today. If you have questions, let me know in the comments below. I try to reply to as many as I possibly can. I'll see you in the next one.

  Top Comments:
  1. @kylehale9660 [13 likes]: Fb still spending 99% of my budget on 1 creative.
  2. @pablodemarchi09 [5 likes]: Hi Sam! Writing this from Argentina.

I implemented your "swimming lanes" system in November, and didn't find significant changes at the beggining, but now, for Christmas sales, I have a BOGO offer that I need to aim at warm audiences that already know my products, and I'm getting 11+ ROAS with my Retargeting campaign, because, thanks to your system, I've been able to:

1) create a big warm audience with my Prospecting campaign; and
2) increase budget exactly where I need it now, which is the Retargeting campaign

It also helped me to stop wasting money in Retention campaigns, since most of my acquisitions (I create board games, and have only a few successful ones) are one-sale only. I only advertise new products on my Retention campaign, and with a minimum budget.

I'm having a great month, and a big part of it is due to your videos. Thank you, and Merry Christmas! 😊
  3. @zellity [4 likes]: I wish there was someone to compete against meta ads. Meta ads service is shit
  4. @AleksZdjelar [2 likes]: Where do you place catalog ads for prospecting — in a separate campaign with catalog+ or as a separate ad set within a prospecting CBO?

And if they’re added as an ad group, how does that impact the performance of the other ad groups?

This is a very important question for a lot of people, I think.
  5. @HomerSimpson411 [2 likes]: Do you have a video on the specific columns we should have in our Ads Manager view in order to track the right metrics? If not a tutorial on this would be very much appreciated!
  6. @Bulletproof_Studios [1 likes]: Hey man! Been loving your stuff, was wondering if you would ever do a video on service based businesses / lead campaign setups etc appreciate this might not be your “ideal” customer but thought it was worth asking 👌🏻

Anyway appreciate you!
  7. @iaevan [1 likes]: Great heads up for the upcoming year, brother.  
btw drink more water and get enough sleep. Pimples are a massive pain in the arse
  8. @SamPiliero: 👉 Work with me and my team: go.themoonlighters.com/apply-l123
👉 Join my coaching program: go.themoonlighters.com/skool-l123
  9. @joshprieto3977: How do you see the new customer metric you mentioned?
  10. @nasrodineelghalbzouri4849: I sell furniture online with multiple product categories (mirrors, buffets, etc.). With Andromeda, would you run one campaign per category, or group all products into a single campaign?
  11. @ayushkumargupta100: Hey Sam, Can you please come up with Video for people who specifically run only Lead Generation Ads...
  12. @pruthviraj1298: Thank you for sharing the insights!
Can you make a video for B2B Meta Ads and how to Scale with very less audience pool?
  13. @Deshady7: What about X
  14. @leejoshua15: Thanks for your insightful sharing. I realised it is near impossible to track actual returns from where I am. Purchases tend to come in from other sort of avenue or we are never really able to properly attribute to the ads. find it a challenge to actually make it work.
  15. @smiless101: Why CBO NOT ABO ??
  16. @mayubeatz: Meta has been doing some unusual things lately. For instance, I’ve had a campaign where I invested $700 over two weeks and achieved a 3.5 return on investment (ROAS). However, when I continued spending $500 on the same campaign without making any changes, I noticed a sudden drop-off in results, literally 0 over the next 10 days. This has been a recurring issue for me when using these campaign structures. Usually, starting a new campaign is necessary to regain momentum.
  17. @LeviForeman-v3q: Hi Sam,

One of my campaign performs really well on low daily budget, but when I double or increase the budget my cost per conversion triples. Can you please give some advice.
  18. @aminehell: For a sales compaign fb spend 100% on the budjet on an ad set that is getting reactions and 0 on the one that has gotten sales . I have to reatribute the budjet manuelly.
  19. @HumailJamal: Please make a video on should we run only broad audience campaigns or we should select audiences as well? Since 99% of the advertisers are saying we should run broad audience campaigns but in this video you have shown different campaigns have different packs of audiences interest based, lookalikes, past purchasers etc. please create a detailed video on this and clarify all the details. Thanks Sam ❤
  20. @GuaranteedPPC: Tracking is really screwed up, that is for sure.  Software like Hyros can help bridge the gap, it's almost required at this point!

- Facebook Advertising Costs In 2026 | How Much Should You Spend in Facebook Ads?: Kind: captions Language: en How much do Facebook ads cost? It's the number one question I hear every single week. And honestly, it's a fair one because I've seen businesses spend $1,400 on ads and generate $391,000 in revenue. But I've also seen businesses spend the same exact amount and barely break even. So, the real question is not how much do Facebook ads cost, it's how much should you spend to actually get results. That's what I'm breaking down for you today. And in case you don't know, I'm Brandy with Life Marketing, the digital marketing agency with a mission to help small businesses grow. If you're interested in having our agency handle all of your marketing for you so that we can grow your business while you run it, fill out our contact form for a free custom quote and proposal. Otherwise, for everybody else looking to figure out Facebook ads themselves, I'm going to walk you through exactly how Facebook ad costs work in 2026, what factors actually drive those costs, and how to set the right budget for your business without overspending. So, the first thing we need to talk about is how Facebook ad costs actually work. Facebook does not charge you for sales. And unlike Google ads, it also doesn't charge you per click. It charges you for impressions or the number of times your ad is seen. And this is important to clarify right out of the gates because impressions are different than reach. Reach is the number of unique individuals who saw your ad. And impressions is the amount of times your ad was seen. So, if your reach is 10,000, that means 10,000 different people saw your ad. If you got 10,000 impressions, that technically could mean the same person saw your ad 10,000 times. So, you'll want to look at both your reach and your impressions in your ads manager later when you're looking at how your ads are performing. But, it's important to understand the difference now because Facebook measures something called CPM, which stands for cost per thousand impressions. So, for example sake, let's assume your impressions are the same as your reach in this example. If your CPM is $10, then $100 will get your ad in front of about 10,000 people. Whereas, if your CPM is $20, that same $100 will only reach 5,000 people. That's why two businesses with the same budget can see totally different outcomes because your money buys eyeballs, not results. So, now let's talk about what can cause that and why Facebook CPMs vary. Why do some businesses pay $10 CPM? while others pay 20 or more. There are three big reasons. Number one is ad relevance. Facebook rewards ads that people engage with. Engagement being a click, watch, share, or conversion. Highquality ads equal lower cost, and crappy ads equal higher cost. Think of it as Facebook saying, "If people like your ads, we will show them for cheaper." Number two is audience size. Bigger audience equals cheaper cost. niche tiny audiences equals more expensive because more advertisers are fighting for fewer eyeballs. So, for example, targeting all parents in the US will almost always cost less per impression than moms of newborn twins in one zip code. And a pro tip I'll throw in here is that the Facebook algorithm has evolved so much over the last few years, it can read your ad copy and image and URL on its own and make a decision of who to show your ad to based on those things. you're actually constricting its ability to do that if you get too narrowed down in the targeting. So, not only is broader targeting better for your wallet, it's also usually better for your results. And number three, competition. The more advertisers chasing the same group, the more expensive it gets. For example, a lot of businesses like to target people by their birthday month and offer them a free birthday gift as a sort of lead magnet to capture email addresses. The problem with that is that everybody has that idea. So targeting by birthday months is usually a highly competitive and therefore highly expensive [music] Facebook ad strategy. So your costs are not random. They're shaped by your relevance, your reach, and your rivals. Now that we understand that, let's answer the magic question. What should your Facebook ad budget actually be? The truth is it depends on your stage of business and your goals. So let's look at a couple examples. If nobody knows you exist, you're in the awareness stage. You'll need to spend more upfront to introduce yourself to the market. Think of it like planting seeds. You're paying to build an audience that you can retarget later. I would plan on spending $2 to $3,000 minimum just to build awareness and a retargeting pool. If you already have website visitors or followers coming in from somewhere, you're already in the retargeting stage. And retargeting ads are cheaper and convert better because those ads are being delivered to people who already know you and are familiar with your brand. You can usually start seeing sales traction with $500 to $1,000 a month focused on retargeting. If you're selling higher ticket offers like a thousand or more, expect a longer sales cycle and higher spend. On average, people need seven touch points with a brand before they have enough trust built to buy from that brand. And that number usually increases the more expensive the product or service is. So, don't expect to spend $500 and make 25 sales. That's unrealistic. A better goal would be to break even early and then scale once you have proof your ads work. And lastly, number four, if you're cash strapped, please do not put your last dollar into Facebook ads. Ads are an investment, and you need the room to test, tweak, and sometimes lose money before you gain money. Only spend what you can comfortably risk. Ads are like fuel in a tank. The more you put in, the further you can go, but only if your car is running right. And on that note, let's now talk about why your media matters. What kind of content are you running? The answer to that question could determine if your Facebook ad costs are higher or lower. Video ads, for example, almost always perform better. They get cheaper CPMs, higher engagement, and more conversions. Static images can work, but they usually cost more per result. Unless, for instance, you're in a specific niche like photography, where people are wanting to see static images as a testament to your work. If you can test video, simple, authentic videos from your phone can beat polished graphics because they feel more real. On social media, people don't want a commercial. They don't want something that feels like an ad or disrupts their scrolling. So, the more authentic and casual and organic the video feels, the better. And the last thing I'll say about the contents of your ad is that I hope they are customer focused and not business focused. A lot of times, small business owners are so proud of what they've built. They spend their whole ad talking about their business, their team, what they've accomplished, their product features, their service features, the awards they've won, and so on. But customers don't care about any of that. The bottom line is that they care about how they benefit from giving you their attention and ultimately their money. You have to earn both with value focused content. Solve pain points for your customers that they struggle with. Provide value that will help them achieve their goals. That's what the content of your ad should be about. Now, let's talk about the timeline that actually works. The biggest mistake we see businesses make is that they blow their entire budget in one month and then quit. Facebook ads do not work that way. It takes 6 months minimum to properly test, optimize, and [music] scale. Because remember, you're not just running ads. You're testing audiences, testing creatives, testing offers, testing landing pages, and building retargeting pools. So instead of dumping $5,000 into one month, stretch that over 6 months. That's about $850 a month. If you can stretch to $7,000, that's about $1,200 a month. [music] Enough to start layering in advanced features like retargeting and lookalike audiences. Think marathon, not sprinting. Facebook ads pay off for businesses that stick with the process. And lastly, I want to leave you with hidden costs to look for that aren't really hidden. Technically, Facebook does not add extra fees, but here are things you may need to invest in to get the most out of your ads. A solid website or landing page because traffic without conversions is wasted money. Just the other day in our chat, one of our clients had a huge breakthrough in sales after switching their checkout process to Shopify. strong creative videos, images, copywriting, and if you're short on time, hiring an agency or ad manager to run it right. These aren't mandatory, but they can make the difference between ads that flop, and ads that fuel your business and make your investment worth it. So, in short, Facebook ads cost whatever you budget. But CPMs are shaped by relevance, audience size, and competition. Your budget should depend on where your business is at, awareness, retargeting, or scaling. video usually wins. And if you're serious, commit to at least 6 months of consistent spend. General rule, budget $5,000 to $7,000 over 6 months to properly test if Facebook ads will work for your business. Now, you tell me, what's your biggest challenge with Facebook ads right now? Drop it in the comments and I'll try to reply with at least one tactic to

  Top Comments:
  1. @teatevinponder7130 [1 likes]: Good to see this! Awesome! Thanks merci
  2. @LYFEMarketingAtlanta: Want us to grow your business so you can focus on running it? Get a free, custom quote and proposal here: https://www.lyfemarketing.com/services/social-media-advertising-services/?utm_source=YouTube&utm_medium=fbadcosts2026&utm_campaign=jan72026
  3. @Pasi_fit_und_schnell_kochen: No budget for ads
  4. @Maia-y6j: You make very good and useful videos. Please add subtitles in Georgian.🙏🙏🙏❤️
  5. @GuaranteedPPC: I agree, you don't really need strict targeting on Facebook nowadays to do well, AT LEAST if you have done the proper copywriting for yourself on the AD (which is keyword rich).  Otherwise, all bets are off.
  6. @SHRIRANGPATHAK-o5s: hello this is shrirang pathak. i think i have burnt the budget on meta ads while scaling my brand. i want your guidence in this. please reply.

- How Much Facebook Ads Cost in 2026: What Businesses Need to Do to Profit: Kind: captions Language: en Facebook ads can drive crazy results for small businesses I'm talking sales leads High Roi but how much do you have to spend to get those kinds of results today we're covering how much Facebook ads cost and what businesses need to do to profit I'm Brandy would Life Marketing the digital marketing agency that has driven over $272 million in revenue for small businesses from Facebook and Instagram ads alone in order to understand how much Facebook ads cost first we need to break down why business owners use Facebook in the first place place and how it works the short answer is that business owners use it because it drives revenue for them right now at this moment we are driving qualified leads for ourselves at a very profitable cost per lead using Facebook's lead campaign but here's why it drives revenue for businesses Facebook is the largest social media platform in the world with over 3 billion active users and it also owns Instagram giving you access to their two billion users pair that with the most advanced social media advertising platform there is out there and you get a scenario where every business no matter the industry can find their target audience on this platform and pinpoint them with Advanced targeting features targeting them by interest behaviors demographics and custom features so you can put highly targeted messaging and ads in front of your exact target audience and unlike other avenues like Google ads where you pay per click with Facebook and Instagram ads you pay per impression the majority of the time meaning that you can do all this for a very low cost the other thing you need to understand is how face Facebook ads work while yes there are billions of users to Target on the platform there are also millions of advertisers all trying to Target them so when you and your competitor both submit an ad to Target the same audience Facebook has to make a decision on which ad to show a person from that audience your ad or theirs this is why every ad that every Advertiser submits goes into What's called the ad auction in this ad auction you establish the highest amount you're willing to pay for clicks Impressions or conversions you compete with other advertisers to display your ad to your target audience and the highest bidder with the most relevant ad wins the auction so we're starting to see that there's other factors that Facebook considers Beyond just the bid so as to prevent advertisers with the biggest budgets from winning the auction every time so let's dig into that a little bit more with the three factors that do influence the Facebook ad auction and how it works it's important to understand these things because if you understand how and why Facebook chooses ads you can make your ads accordingly and that can directly impact the cost you pay for Facebook ads so Factor number one is estimated action rates Facebook predicts the likelihood of someone taking the desired action such as a click on your ad this estimation relies on historical data and factors like past interactions with ads Factor number two is AD quality and relevance Facebook evaluates the quality and relevance of your ad in this auction as with high relevance and quality content have a better chance of winning things like user feedback and add attributes are what contribute to this assessment crafting high quality relevant ads improves your chances of winning the auction Factor number three is your ad bid this is different from your budget your ad budget is the maximum amount you'll spend on the campaign your ad bid is what you're willing to pay for a specific action Lego click or conversion you can manually set your bid or let Facebook do it based on your budget and goals a higher bid increases your chances of winning the auction but balancing competitiveness and profitability is essential you don't want to pay more for a click just to win the ad auction if paying that much is not profitable for your business who cares if your ad gets shown if it's losing you money to show it I will mention here that you don't always pay your max bid if it's higher than the others let's say that you set your bid to spend Max 30 cents for a click and the next highest bidder bid 23 cents if you win the ad auction based on the other two factors you will only pay 24 cents for that click not 30 so once Facebook has taken those three factors into account it gives you a score and whoever has the highest score in the ad auction wins so again this somewhat prevents businesses with huge budgets from monopolizing the ad space but if businesses have high estimated action rates high ad relevance and high bids they're pretty likely to win every time so if you don't have a huge budget yet your best bet is to create great ads that resonate with your audience so you can build High estimated action rates and AD relevance and set yourself up to win the auction as much as possible with some other factors that I'm about to cover these are not factors that influence the ad auction but they do influence your cost and the level of competitiveness you're fighting against so with that let's get into the nine factors that impact Facebook ads cost number one is ADD objective the objective you choose for your Facebook ad campaign directly influences the associated cost there are six campaigns awareness display ads to enhance brain awareness and video views for better recall traffic drive people to your website app or Facebook event for link Clicks in landing page views engagement increase video views page likes or event responses with messages video views and post engagement leads collect leads through instant forms messages calls and signups app promotion reach new users for app installs and app events and sales Target potential customers for conversions catalog sales and messages it's important to know here that Facebook optimizes each campaign for its end goal so for example let's say you have the same exact target audience you're targeting them with an engagement campaign in one hand and a sales campaign in the other in the engagement campaign Facebook is going to show the ad to people within that target audience who are likely to engage comment like share Etc in the sales campaign Facebook is going to show the ad to people within that target audience who are likely to purchase and you can bet a conversion is more expensive than a like but also more profitable number two is ADD placement placement of your ads on Facebook affects their cost generally ads in the news feed are more expensive than those in the side bar or Audience Network because they get seen more and are interacted with more I'm not going to verbally read all these out but you can take a look at the screen here for all the different placements the main places for your ad to appear being Facebook and Instagram feeds stories and reals instream ads for videos and reels search messages and other apps and sites number three is AD quality we know that factors like relevance engagement and audience feedback affect ad quality on Facebook so well-crafted visually appealing and engaging ads generally cost less than poorly designed ones the better your ad quality the more cost effective it tends to be number four is season seasonal Trends especially during Peak shopping times like Thanksgiving Black Friday Cyber Monday Christmas Boxing Day New Years and so on significantly affect Facebook ad costs advertisers intensify competition during these periods which are what lead to the increased costs number five is audience the audience you target affects your Facebook ads cost because a competitive or highly popular audience may require a higher bid for that ad placement for instance a lot of businesses like to Target people by their birthday month so that in their ad they can say here's a birthday discount on us or something like that the problem is everybody has that idea so everybody targets people by their birthday month and therefore doing that is more expensive number six is time of day the time of day your ads appear imp packed Facebook ads cost costs are typically higher during Peak usage hours like evenings and week nights when more users are on Facebook number seven is location ad prices are usually higher in areas with more businesses affluent populations and strong internet connections number eight is industry Facebook ad costs vary by industry competitive sectors like Finance insurance and Tech tend to have higher costs due to demand but it can change from year to year and number nine is competition increased advertisers for the same placements and audiences intensify the bidding process leading to higher ad prices this is particularly notable in competitive Industries like we talked about in niches with limited ad inventory now I know all of that feels like a lot it's a lot to consider but I promise figuring out which ad strategy is right for your business is worth it because doing so has the power to transform your business and increase Revenue drastically now the last thing we need to consider in your Facebook ads cost is who's going to do it so let's quickly talk about how much it costs for someone to manage your Facebook ads option number one is to pay a Facebook ads freelancer Facebook ads Freel ancers usually charge hourly or with a monthly retainer the average hourly rate ranges from $25 to $50 while experienced Freelancers May charge over $100 the pros are that you get flexibility and contract length and potentially lower cost than partnering with an agency the cons are that the quality of work can vary and you may need to invest more time in managing and communicating with that freelancer option number two is to hire a Facebook ads agency like Life Marketing Facebook ad agencies typically charge a monthly retainer based on the scope of work and your ad budget size they can charge anywhere from $500 to $5,000 a month or more experienced agencies with bigger clients can sometimes charge over $10,000 some agencies also charge a percentage of your ad spend Pros are that you get access to an entire team of experts who are doing the work for you so that you can save time and trust that it's getting done correctly and often save on bundled services such as bundling social media as in email marketing together for example the are that the costs May exceed hiring a freelancer or managing the ads yourself and depending on the agency you might have less control over datay ad management option number three is in-house Facebook ad management an in-house Facebook ads manager's average annual salary Falls between 50,000 and 100,000 with experienced managers earning over 150,000 the pros are that you get full control over your ad campaigns and possibly better integration with other internal marketing efforts and potential cost savings with high spend cons are that this route Demands a significant time investment and the need to hire skilled Personnel or train an existing employee AKA you have to be the expert option number four is to buy a Facebook ads program or software you can try letting automated Facebook ads software or programs manage your advertisements they range from $0 to $500 monthly on average the pros are that you only pay for desired results like clicks and Impressions and you're letting a program do the work for you you'll also get detailed targeting and anal analytics the cons are that there's a learning curve to use the platform effectively and you'll need to constantly Monitor and adjust things to make sure you're optimizing performance so how do you know which is right for you freelance agency in-house or software selecting the right option for managing your Facebook ads hinges on several factors number one is budget if you're budget conscious consider a freelancer or software Freelancers often have lower rates and software can be costeffective for managing your own campaigns just remember that while you're saving on budget you're not saving on time and may not always be getting expert help small plug here but that's why we do offer affordable but expert digital Marketing Solutions because we started our business with the small business owner in mind number two is time if time is limited opt for an agency or an in-house team they handle everything allowing you to focus on other aspects of your business number three is expertise for those lacking experience in agency or in-house team is advisable they possess the expertise to create effective campaigns and offer valuable insights number four is control if maintaining control is crucial for you you'll want to manage your ads in-house or use software Solutions this grants you direct control over all aspects from targeting to budget number five is scale for large scale campaigns choose an agency or an in-house team they have the resources and expertise to handle sizable campaigns and adjust as needed and remember that there's no one- siiz fits-all solution the best choice aligns with your specific needs goals and conditions consider all options to find the the optimal balance of cost time expertise control and scale for your business so now that you know how Facebook ads work the cost that impact every campaign and how much it costs for somebody to manage them let's answer the question how much do Facebook ads cost on average Facebook ads cost between $650 to $6,000 a month or more paid to the agency or freelancer managing your account with anywhere from $200 to $50,000 in additional monthly ad spend pay to the ad platform because you know what factors now impact ad cost you can now make a list of the things that are most important to you versus not and navigate how to lower ad cost while avoiding sacrificing what most valuable to you maybe you prefer an agency at the helm to ensure that you're getting a full expert team's worth of help but you're open to targeting less expensive audiences on Facebook so long as they're fruitful it's important to remember that the ultimate goal of all of this is to profit so map out your strategy make your list of musthaves and calculate how much those are and then run the math to determine what your CPC or CPA needs to be in order for you to profit based on the cost of your product or service Sean has a great video on how to calculate your marketing budget so I will link that below for you to watch next

  Top Comments:
  1. @LYFEMarketingAtlanta: Want us to grow your business so you can focus on running it? Get a free, custom quote and proposal here: https://www.lyfemarketing.com/services/social-media-advertising-services/?utm_source=YouTube&utm_medium=fbadscosts&utm_campaign=jul52024
  2. @LYFEMarketingAtlanta: Want us to grow your business so you can focus on running it? Get a free, custom quote and proposal here: https://www.lyfemarketing.com/services/social-media-advertising-services/?utm_source=YouTube&utm_medium=fbadscosts&utm_campaign=jul52024
  3. @leelameka: Super helpful; thank you: )
  4. @stasvladimer8071: Thank you for the simple but informative video!
  5. @rehansheikh8510: If you are feeling the pinch of Facebook Ads, cold emailing may be the way to go. I have been using DoYouMail for the last few months, and I love the ability to send emails from multiple domains without a hitch. The automatic DNS configuration really saves a lot of headaches, and I am impressed with how my delivery rates have drastically improved. Seriously, if you are not using it, you are missing out on a cost-effective way to elevate your outreach!
  6. @Grogate: Hi...Anshu From India.. plz guide which objective choose in top of funnel

- This Facebook Ads Strategy BLEW UP My Home Service Business (Copy Me): Kind: captions Language: en Most pest control or any service company don't think that Facebook ads work. They boosted posts. They pay for leads that never answered their phone. They spent money that they couldn't tie back to actually getting jobs on the schedule. So what do they do? They shut it off. And he said that Facebook ads just isn't for their service business. But want to know the truth? Facebook ads absolutely [music] work for pest control, lawn care companies, any service company, but only when you understand how to use them strategically. In this video, I'm breaking down exactly how we use Facebook ads, how to drive website traffic, phone calls, and jobs actually put on the schedule without burning through our budget. If you're running a pest control company or any other service business, and you want more predictable demand, then this video is for you. [music] Hey guys, my name is Jonathan. I'm the founder of Pest Budger. I've been in the service industry for 17 years, and over the past 5 years, we've scaled from one location to 17 locations across five states. I use this channel to share what's actually working for me and I wish my mentors would have documented their journey. So I'm documenting mine for you and hopefully this will help you guys grow your service company. As you guys know, I get to travel the country and I speak to hundreds of operators and I see the same thing and almost every time we sit down to go start growing through their ads. Uh they typically have no idea what type of lead they're actually buying or what lead they're supposed to use for their business. Facebook just doesn't hand you customers, but it gives you different types of intent, different strategies and awareness for every stage of your business. And once you understand the difference, everything else clicks. Facebook gives you a bunch of objectives. They give you engagement. They give you awareness, traffic, leads, sales, and app promotion. So, I'm going to give you the top three that we like to work with. The first one is website traffic. Basically, Facebook sends people to your website to learn more about your services. Uh, you guys have to remember that these are very low intent and that's okay because their cost per click or leads are pretty inexpensive. You talk about 20 to 30 cents. But just remember like you're typically not buying book jobs here. You're buying attention. You're getting all the data and for future opportunity. So, website traffic typically works best when you're going into a new market and you're trying to build brand awareness for your territory. uh you're kind of warming people up before they're even ready to buy. Again, you're just getting your name out there. But the biggest mistake that I see when people start running uh these objectives is people expect an immediate ROI from them for these traffic campaigns. And this is not the goal here. Uh website visitors feed your retargeting funnel, which is actually where you guys start to make money later on. But just remember, if your website's super slow or it's confusing, it doesn't have like a clear call to action or a lead form and it doesn't convert, then it doesn't matter how much traffic you get. So, make sure that, you know, I talked about this in a different YouTube video. Just make sure you have a high converting website that they can fill out lead form to contact you. So, that's the first one we like to talk about. Hold up, quick pause. If you're running a pest control company or fertilization weed control company, you're not in our Facebook group, you're choosing the harder path. every operator that's there skipping years of mistakes because people are actually sharing what's working right now. So stop trying to brute force your way through growth alone. Search Pest Control Millionaires on Facebook or click the link below. And now let's get back to it. The next one we like to use is the click to call ads. Basically someone goes into your ad, they click on the click now button or call now button and automatically calls your office. These are obviously very high intent leads cuz no one's going to call your pest control company for fun. Nobody's going to call your lawn care company to chat or to just find out pricing. That's typically what they're not calling for. They have a problem. They want it solved. With these leads, you're going to pay a little bit more for them because it's more higher intent. You're talking $15 to $40. And I've actually seen them high as $100. But once they get that high, I'd recommend shutting them off. But they work really good for rodent infestations, you know, was nest removals. You got termite concerns, e any basically any emergency pest uh situation. I've even work really good for grub damage. And some people when they have, you know, like army worms or really bad lawn disease outbreaks, these will work really, really good. So, this isn't my favorite type of ad to run in the busy season because most companies just don't have enough people in their office, especially just starting out uh to answer these calls. So, if you you're paying for these leads, you don't answer them, you try to come back the next day, it's just not going to work. So, you have to answer these calls within seconds. You have to have a simple competent sales script that I talked about a whole separate YouTube video that came out a few weeks ago. But if you treat uh these calls like your life depends on it and you answer it every single time, these will work very very good for your service company. [music] So the third type and my favorite is a lead form where basically they have a lead form on Facebook that they fill out that captures their name, phone number, email, and then even their service interest. You can put in there uh some questions in there to create some friction all without ever even leaving the platform which obviously Facebook likes. Um, I would say these are a little bit lower intent than calls, but they're still very, very scalable and predictable, which I like. And you're going to pay anywhere from, again, you know, 12 to 30 $40 for uh these leads as well. Uh, these are really, really good for uh, you know, quarterly pest control, anything reoccurring. Uh, mosquito is really good, ongoing fertilization, weed control programs, like I said, any reoccurring service, these are really, really good for. But lead forms reward one thing above anything else and that is speed dele. If you call within the first five minutes, you'll win. But as you wait an hour or the next day, the lead is already dead. And trying to follow up these people is almost impossible. You got to remember that they're on their phone when they fill out the lead form. So the best time to call them is obviously when they're on their phone. So to highlight the big takeaways that we just talked about is you don't have to just pick one. uh website traffic builds awareness and obviously creates your retarget audience. So when you're running ads later on, you can go to retargeting ad. You can pick last 30, 60, 90 days, whatever you pick um and start retargeting all those people to drive them towards your new um call to action to get them to sign up later on. A lot of times people have to see you up to 21 22 times before they ever buy from you. So, the more that you're in their face, whether it's every door direct mail, whether it's postcards, YouTube, Tik Tok, whatever, the more they see you, uh, you're retargeting them on Facebook, the better chance that they are going to buy from you. So, next, let's talk about creative, how to set these Facebook ads up. But first, you guys have to know that Facebook ads are interruption marketing. Uh, there people aren't actively searching for Pest Control or any other service company when they see your ad. They're scrolling through their feed. They're looking at, you know, vacation photos, memes, or whatever else they might be scrolling on Facebook for, but your ad has a job above anything else, and that's to get them to stop scrolling. If you don't grab their attention within the first two to three seconds, nothing else really even matters. Your offer doesn't matter. Your targeting doesn't matter. They're not jumping on Google saying pest control near me or putting in their problem that they're having. They're just aimlessly scrolling, basically wasting time, right? All right. So, here are the creatives that we like to use. Obviously, videos, pictures, before and afters, uh they work really, really well. So, with the video, you have your trucks, you have your technicians, you're out there doing the treatments. Basically, the movement is what stops people from scrolling, stops those thorns from scrolling. So, make sure you just get uh videos of your team spraying for mosquitoes, maybe have a technician taking down a wasp mask, putting down rodent bait boxes, anything like that. Uh before and after pictures work really good, too. So, if you have like ants in the kitchen, you see a trail of ants and then versus a clean kitchen, you have a a brown weed filled lawn and then also in a thick green weed-free lawn on the other side. Uh before and after pictures work really, really good. Obviously, they have to be strong um thumbnail style images. Make sure that just simple, clear, one message on them. Don't make it too wordy and make it short, simple, right? Uh it should also look like content and not look like an ad, right? So, make sure that you're just being very creative about this. It's not about being clear or cute or anything like that. It's just being uh interruptive and immediately get their attention and being immediately relevant. All right. So, now we have the single image, we have our video done. Now, we're going to need more the primary text uh message template and obviously your ad copy. And I'm going to give you the exact framework that I use for everything that I do. And this is very, very critical. But just remember that this doesn't only work for just Facebook. This works for every other platform too. So you have, you know, Facebook ads, Google ads, YouTube ads, every door direct mailers, postcards, door hangers, whatever you guys are doing for marketing. Uh the platform changes, but human psychology doesn't change. But here's the framework that I use for everything. So like I said, number one was the creative gets them to stop their attention. Two is a local call out. Uh this is where you just make it super personable. I could be like, "Hey, OKC homeowners," or, "Hey, Glennwick County," or, "Hey, specific neighborhood HOA homeowners." That way that they know, "Hey, this I live here and I'm a homeowner. This ad must be for me." Just make sure it's local. And you call that specific person out. Step number three is to put in their pain point, right? So, name the problem that they already know they're experiencing. Whether it's ants in the kitchen, mice in the garage, was messy by the back door, or weeds taking over the lawn. You guys are already servicing. you guys probably already have customers in these neighborhoods or in these cities. So, you already know what the issues are. Make sure when you're targeting these cities or neighborhoods that you're running the ad that the customers are already experienced with. So, like I said, one of your customers experienced ants the kitchen or multiple uh customers are experience with weeds in their lawn or specific weed at that time. Make sure you're using that ad to target that specific neighborhood and city. Next is your solution. Explain how you're going to solve that for them. You don't have to be super technical. Don't be super long. Don't need your whole process. Just enough to establish confidence that you'll control their issue. Step number five in the framework is why the customer should care. Answer the real question is why does it matter? Why does it matter? Now, obviously, it's safety for their kids, for their pets, protecting their most valuable asset, which is their home from damage, their shrubs, their bushes, um their lawn, whatever that thing is. Make sure give them a piece of mind. Um this is more emotional than it is technical, right? really really deep into why it dig into why it matters for the customer. All right, so step 5.5 is one of my favorites is make sure you're adding social proof to your ads, which is basically like a fivestar review. Uh, and to make it even better, if you can have a customer that's already in that neighborhood that is dealing with that specific pest. So, if you had mice in the garage and you had someone give you a fivestar review that lived in that same neighborhood that's having mice in the garage and how you solve it for them, that's the best social proof that you can put in your ad that will create a lot of confidence for the other homeowners and other neighborhood or other neighbors in that neighborhood. Step number six is just a clear CTA, which is a call to action. So, you're going to have one ad, one call to action, which is very simple, which is call now. Click the link below uh whatever that thing is, whatever the call to action is, but make sure in your uh copy above that when you write out the copy, one, don't make a copy super long. Two, make sure you have a clear call to action in the copy above. So, if you're writing out the copy to the right, say, "Hey, click the button below or click the button below to call now." Whatever that call to action is, make sure you have it in the copyrightiting as well. That way there's like no confusion and no multiple options, just one clear call to action that they have to do. Step number seven in the framework is a PS or a PSS. And this probably matters more than what you think. This is where your special offer lives where urgency is created or risk is removed. So PS, book this week uh and you get first treatment for 50% off or PS we only service your area until Friday. Or if you have a guarantee, you can put the guarantee in there as well. So, if the weeds come back, we'll come back out there for free, anything like that. But people will typically read the headline, they'll see the creative, and they'll drop right down to the PS. Um, so obviously having a PS or PSS is super important. Make sure you put that in there every single time. So, just remember that there's no perfect ad. The biggest thing you guys have to do is test, test, test, test, test. And this is where I actually see most people go wrong. They put up one ad copy with one creative and then they put it out there. They get it to run. Doesn't do very good and they just shut it off. So you need to test different creatives, different hooks, different offers, different local calls and obviously different call to actions and but use the same framework every single time. Then use multiple variations because uh different markets respond differently, different seasons respond differently, different services respond differently. Um so just make sure you're constantly testing. And the way that Facebook el algorithm works is obviously they want you to spend money on ads that are performing. So when you give it multiple variations, it automatically pushes the budget towards the one that's working. So it'll get engagement, it'll get clicks, it'll get conversions. Your job isn't to outsmart the algorithm. Your job is to give it options, let it optimize on its own. The algorithm picks the winner. then you can shut the other ones off and put more money behind that one and really keep pushing that thing and start scaling your ads forward. Inside of our Pest Control Millionaires program, we actually break down all this in detail. How to build the creative that actually converts, how to write copy that stops people from scrolling, how to structure and test ads without wasting a ton of money, and how to scale winners across all digital and print platforms. If you guys want our exact frameworks, testing structures, and execution playbooks built specifically for pest control, fertilization weed control, or any other service company, make sure to drop a comment below. It says Facebook ads. Hopefully, this video has helped you. Make sure to join our free Facebook group and I'll see you guys in the next

  Top Comments:
  1. @Davidlachancellc [2 likes]: I love watching it as a new agency owner dealing with painters and local contractors to help them book more residential and commercial jobs. This video was on point
  2. @GuaranteedPPC [2 likes]: You have to be prepared to call leads within a couple of minutes if you want Facebook Ads to work nowadays.  Otherwise when you call, they won't recognize your number and just won't answer.  So I agree.
  3. @pestcontrolmillionaire: Are you a pest control owner looking to grow? Join Our Facebook Group with 2,000+ Members: https://www.facebook.com/groups/pestcontrolmillionaires
  4. @Fitcameraguy: Thank you for sharing this man! God Bless.
  5. @TahaFarooq-g5y: Instead of doing all these things like calling back to the lead asap and following up with them manually, why not you implement ai voice and chat agents that will do all of your work , just curious about that let me know?
  6. @TheMattyCartwright: Awesome video, thanks for putting your own ad examples in there, no gimmicks advice -- appreciate that
  7. @TorqC69: Why is everyone just copy pasting Hormazi strategies and langauge now? Literally every 3rd marketing video is "i learnt this from Hormozi but ill just repeat it back as my own knowledge"
  8. @WilAlvarezOnlineMarketing: Facebook Ads... Great video
  9. @_wavey_t: Create information 👏🏽
  10. @shawnawan8716: Great video! Thanks
  11. @Sam.co17: They tryna frame the dude wit infinite iframes lmaoo im crine they keep trine
  12. @TPK-t3s: facebook ads
  13. @LuisVargas-tp7bg: Just found your stuff today! Please Lee on giving this info..I’m planning on starting a pest control in my area. God Bless!
  14. @LloydReardon: Have you tested your website instant quote its 10 minutes later the system is still saying a few seconds more

- How To Run Facebook Ads For SMMA Clients In 2026 (NEW STRATEGY): Kind: captions Language: en Facebook has made massive changes in the last 30 days and the old way of running ads where we would just run it broad is no more the case. In this video, I'm going to show you exactly how to run your ads for your SMA client so that you can get the best results possible. So, let's jump into the ad account and let me show you guys what the changes are. Before all of the Facebook updates, what we would do typically is we would go to create a campaign. We would do a leads campaign and we would just run it broad. So, what does that mean? We would have one campaign. we would have one ad set and we would have four to five different ads within that same ad set depending on how much we would spend for the client. Now with the updates, we need to be testing a little bit more aggressively. And the entire thing of just running it broad is no more working as good as it used to be. So what I'm going to show you is a exact step-by-step way that we are setting up our Facebook ad accounts right now from scratch. So there's four steps that we have to cover. One is the Facebook ad copy and how we're creating it. Two is the actual pictures and videos that we're creating for our clients. Step three is diversifying the budget because we're not running it broad anymore. And then step four is taking the winning ads and scaling them to the moon so that your clients are getting the best results possible. So first of all with step number one, we have to go to chatbt and use it to write our Facebook copy. Now if you guys notice something that I written over here, write me a Facebook copy for my roofing client. The offers get 20% off. Make sure it really targets the locals of Dallas, Texas, and speaks as a local business owner, so people are hooked by the story. I like telling stories because I feel like those convert much better cuz people are more tapped into buying from a local person rather than a massive company. So, always use that psychology when running ads. So, for example, option number one, Dallas folks, I need to say this as a local roofing business owner. After the last few storms rolled, our neighborhoods, my team and I have been getting calls from families. You see what I mean, right? It's going over exactly what we want them to go over so that people feel like it's more exclusive and more towards the local community. All right. And from there, we're on to step number two, the creatives. How the creative should look is very, very local again because you're tapping into the psychology of the same thing that you did with the copy. So these are two examples of ads that I would run. One where it's the actual business owner and hi I'm Kieran business owner of XY Z so people understand who I am and they can put a face to the local business. And then number two is a collage picture of multiple pictures of himself and his crew doing the work so people can see that these are local roofers working on local homes. Now these are two creatives that actually crush it for us right now. Of course, be a little bit more creative when it comes to making the images because what works for me won't always work for you. So, definitely be creative, guys. So, that brings us to step number three is diversifying the budget. So, what I'm going to do is show you guys exactly how I set up an ad account nowadays. So, what you're going to do is you're going to click here on create. You're going to go to leads. You're going to click continue. From there, you're going to get a setup that looks exactly like this. So, campaign name, name it whatever you want. I'm just going to name it 101 for this. Okay. You're going to put the budget, guys, at adset budget. You're not going to let it spend over the entire campaign. Okay? From there, you do next. You don't touch anything. And I will call this ads set one because you're going to have to duplicate it every single time. Now, what you can do is you can do websites and instant forms. Um, but what I like doing is I just like doing instant forms. Now, keep in mind that also landing pages work really, really good. I just like doing lead forms for the first four to five days because this way I can know if the creatives and copy work. As soon as those work, I would then transition to doing landing pages. All right, so keep that in mind. Now, maximum number of leads. Okay, and then you leave all of this the same. And then the budget. Okay, so let's say your client has a $50 budget and you're going to upload three different ads. You're basically just going to have to split that $50 budget into free. So, what I will do is pro that will probably come out to like I don't know 17 bucks, something like that, right? Um, from there, always put it at 12:00 p.m. at night. So, today with December 4th, I would put it for December 5th at um 12:00 a.m. in the morning. Right. This will then leave it all the same. And then here, locations. We are going to target Dallas, Texas. Okay. Boom. And here you go. So depending on the client, of course, you would do the radius of it. If it's 25, it's if it's 50 mile radius, whatever the client has given to you. From there, you don't have to touch anything. You leave everything on the exact same. And this is where you get to the creative. So I'll call this add one just so that I can like keep track of everything that I'm doing. Okay. From there, link to Facebook page, Instagram account, single image or video. Let me then scroll down to actually setting up um setting up the creatives. So, I'm going to do an image ad. And okay, I do not have the image ad downloaded, but what I am going to do is I'm just going to use this for now as the image. So, do not worry about it. Okay. Um boom. And then here is the primary text. So, the primary text, you're going to go back to the chatbt and you're going to copy it. Once it's copied, you're going to place it. And you want to make this a little bit bigger, right? So, I need to say this as a local roofing business owner. Message us. Click learn more for 20% discount. Okay, that's what I would do. Boom. And you're good. Now, the headline, you can probably just write 20% roofing discount. You can maybe add a different one where it's like, get your new roof today. Um, and the list can go on and on. For the headlines, this I always like putting it in like, for example, parentheses like this and then 25 in a parenthesy like this and then adding five stars. So, uh, store emoji. Boom. here adding five stars. This way, guys, it makes it look like you're giving a fivestar review. And then call to action. I always do learn more. Or you can do get quote as well, but don't really like it that much. From here, you turn all of this off. Keep this in mind, guys. Just turn everything off because otherwise you're going to get music behind it that you don't want to be getting. And boom, your ad creative is finished. It's that easy. What you're then going to do is you're going to duplicate this however many times you have as ads that you're going to set up. So, let's say you're spending on free ads. Like I said, this way you have it. All you have to do is switch this to ad. Scroll all the way down and change the creative. Okay, so that's all that you have to do. And then over here, you just go in and you change it to ad free. And this way you now have a working campaign. This is the exact way that we are scaling our clients campaigns on Facebook. So now that you have step number three, diversifying the budget and actually setting up the ad accounts, you have to then keep in mind on the scaling part. So what you're going to do every single time that you're scaling here, you have ad one, ad two, ad three. You're going to see which one is winning. So let's say you have $20 budget on every single ad, you're going to be paying attention every day which one is getting the most leads, which one is getting the most estimates for your clients or quotes or appointments or what is converting the best for your clients. And what you'll do then is you will turn off whichever one isn't working and keep on scaling the one that is working. From there you iterate on the actual creative and start making creatives that are probably much similar to that creative that is winning. Do not copy the creative because the thought process behind it is this is don't make the exact same thing because if you do that it's going to target the exact same audience. Try to take the same thought process, maybe same offer, same writing, but attach it to a different image or try to create a different image with the same type of offer. Okay? So that you're still targeting a different audience instead of stacking audiences and going that way. From there, you can then keep on duplicating and testing new ads every single time you iterate. So if you turn this one off, you just add a new ad set. If you do that again, you add a new ad set again. Okay? And this is exactly how we are running our ads and how we're scaling our ads for our clients going into 2026. Now, that's everything you have to know about running Facebook ads in 2026 for your agency clients. I hope this video helped you guys a lot. I know it was fast, but it covered everything that you have to know about scaling and getting good results for your clients. Cuz the most important thing inside of your agency is getting good service delivery. If you don't have service delivery under check, you're never going to scale your agency. I've seen too many people fail by signing too many clients and having no idea how to service or even caring about service delivery. And then you're essentially running a pump and dump agency. Now, if you do want help with all of that, your service delivery, acquiring clients, anything that there is inside of your agency, and you really want to scale to that 30K mark, that 50K mark, or even more, click that link below. Let's see if my mentorship is a right fit for you guys. I would love to work with you and I'll see you guys in the next video.

  Top Comments:
  1. @i.pratik.s [3 likes]: Hi Bossman Kyran 👋🏻.
Can you please make a vid on onboarding and gaining access to the client's Business Manager/Ads manager please 🙏🏻🙏🏻.
Also, Tysm for all the free sauce ❤❤
  2. @IWalkDown [1 likes]: For each ad set will we use the same ad or will we use a different picture/video? Appreciate the free advice🙏
  3. @nolawir [1 likes]: absolute sauce
  4. @Jeff-dupli [1 likes]: Crazyy, so basically just 1 ad in each ad set?
  5. @SleepwFinn: what about the demographic part?
  6. @mobad_real: How much should I spend initially on a daily basis if I'm running ads for  remodelers?
  7. @GianlucaAriu-f1z: awesome sauce. thank you.
  8. @pkdproductionsofficial: So when you duplicated the ads, does that mean you also double the amount of money your spending, my client we are spending 35/day but the issue is I dont want to duplicate and make him spend 70/day, so would I select campaign budget or adset budget? How would this work?
  9. @wise0000: left the most important out of the video
  10. @prerakmehta9827: I'm an SEO agency owner, trying to get HVAC clients from Australia so currently running meta ads. It's been about 5-6 days my daily spend is A$75 with all campaigns set to ABO with each adset from each campaign spending A$15 yet my KPIs don't look so good:

TOFU Campaign (3 adsets, each adset with only 1 ad, founder led specifically calling out HVAC owners in AU and instead of selling first I answer their pain points like X reasons why are you not ranking for ducted installs in google; broad targeting - Age 25-50, Male, Syndey, Brisbane, Melbourne):
Amount spent = A$230
Impressions = 4666
Reach = 2688
Views = 4868
Clicks = 129
CTR = 2.76%
CPC = A$1.78
Call booked = 1 (from a cleaning company who didn't show up despite automated SMS and email follow-ups)

MOFU Campaign (only 1 adset with 1 ad with again clear callout; re-targeting only to landing page visitors and TOFU ad viewers who have watched at least 10secs and 25% of the ad videos):
Amount spent = A$85
Impressions = 775
Reach = 157
Views = 734
Clicks = 21
CTR = 2.71%
CPC = A$4
Call booked = 0

BOFU Campaign (only 1 adset with 1 ad with again clear callout; re-targeting only to landing page visitors and MOFU ad viewers who have watched 50% of the ad videos):
Amount spent = A$34
Impressions = 226
Reach = 16
Views = 213
Clicks = 0
CTR = 0
CPC = 0
Call booked = 0

Landing page again very simple and mobile optimized with 1 CTA to book a call, clear callouts in the headings who it is for and who it isn't for, VSL in the hero section itself, social proof and video testimonials of other clients we've worked with.

Am I on the right track or am I missing something?
  11. @MathewRobby: so much info in this video. Thanks! 🚀
  12. @andrewmcleod1269: What's the main reason that we create only 1 ad within the ad set? Surely Meta hasn't designed this to be the optimal way?
  13. @ghrahimo3570: but why not cbo ?? you did the same think manually
  14. @Chrislokes: Who would take the pictures for the creatives?
  15. @uskitsolutions: Do you add minimum age in the facebook ad audience or leave as it is ?
  16. @denethperera9402: Hey bro, great video! Just wanted to get your thoughts, i know a guy who said the service delivery for tree service clients is harder than other niches. What r your thoughts on that bro?
  17. @HoursWithHiro: lets gooo
  18. @aeel_yf2498: Btw can yu plz make a live video how do yu setup pixel and api for meta ads. Plz❤.
  19. @jcummings-marketing: Kyran, is this working better than just 1 ad set on Advantage+ ?
  20. @george-f8k4c: bro i love your content, always giving away so much value

- Meta Ads vs TikTok Ads: Which Platform Should You Use in 2026?: Kind: captions Language: en When it comes to choosing between meta ads and Tik Tok ads, we can have a lot of problems because we don't know which one to use. Especially for those incoming brands that wants to start advertising their products or the services in one platform. This video took me a while to make because I literally studied my clients and reports from other agencies and you can see here uh what we actually did. The data that I'm going to show you in this video is coming from plus 3,000 advertisings, 40 different industries, plus 150 countries, and almost 9 billion. Yeah. With B in ad spend in both platforms. In this video, I'm going to show you exactly and you're going to know exactly which platform you're going to be needing and using for the upcoming years. So, let's get it straight into it. Now we we start talking about the data and the user mindset, right? We need to understand that Meta has plus 10 years on data, right? Meta including Facebook and Instagram has been running for a really really long time. So it is normal that they have a lot of data about users and how they behave on their platforms. As they have been running for a long time, they have extremely advanced optimization models. They have a really robust retargeting methods and they have a lot of integrations with e-commerce platforms. Personally with my clients, I have used WooCommerce uh that's plug-in inside WordPress and also Shopify. But I've seen tons and tons of integrations when it comes to meta ads with e-commerce platforms. Study that I did show the meta is great for those companies that wants to find people likely to act on something. for example, purchases for their products or to get leads or maybe if you want to recollect emails from different people so you can then do email marketing. So it is extensively and specifically used for conversions. And the great thing that Meta has is that it is very very very used among large ad accounts and large brands to scale predictability once something works and once you have the data that you need. Now when it comes to the user mindset, you need to understand that people behave a little bit different than when it comes to Tik Tok. For example, when people open Instagram or Facebook, they are not really looking for new people, right? They just want to know what is going on with their friends. So, it is a much less discoverability kind of platform, but it is a very good platform to build brand reputation and it is very good as well to gain awareness. That being said, Meta is a really great platform when it comes to do ads because it has a lot of data. So, if you leverage that and you know exactly as the studies showed me, if you know exactly what to offer and who this product or service is for, then you're already halfway through your goals. Now, when it comes to Tik Tok, we have a different kind of model. We have a different kind of algorithm. Tik Tok specifically focuses on how good is your creative. Of course, Meta also focuses on that, but Tik Tok is way way way more focused on how your creative it is, like how good your creative is in order to get clients and leads for your business. The good thing about this as well is that people are full on discovery mode as I am saying here and ads are judged almost as it was a normal content. So, this is great when you have a style that matches the Tik Tok audience. For example, if your company or you're a personal brand and has been running organic content for a long time, then it is a very good thing and you've been running organic content for a long time and you have a proofed style of videos, then it's a great platform to start using because you already know what works and you can double down on the organic posts and do ads for them to get either purchases or leads. Now, when it comes to costs in general, we have found a winner. Tik Tok has a significantly lower CPMs than Meta. Okay, Meta CPM is quite a bit more expensive than Tik Tok. Look, I'm going to show you some studies made by sky.io that is a large marketing agency and they found that Facebook and Instagram can be quite a more expensive platform to advertise on Tik Tok. If we do the math right, I did the math and Instagram has a 5.34 CPM on Instagram and on Facebook is 515. This is across different industries and regions of course. But on average, if we took on the other hand, Tik Tok has $3.20 on average of CPM. I can show you here that lees.io IO did this specific research and they found that the the average CPM for Tik Tok ads optimized specifically for conversions. That means if you're going to get emails or purchases or leads is in the average of $3.21. So it is way cheaper. We're talking almost about 40% reduction on costs. When it comes to meta platform reals are the placement with cheaper CPMs. And I can show you here that reals have an average of 1.20 to 2.10 cents on average of CPM. That is insane because if you use on other placements such as feed and stories, your CPM can go up quite a bit. This is a very good thing to understand and to know if you're going to do meta ads. Now, let's get specific when it comes to learning phases and minimum budgets that I think a lot of people came to this video because of that. For the minimum budgets, if you're doing Tik Tok, you need a minimum of $20 a day, which is around $600 a month. So, if you're a beginner, it is not the best option to start, right? If you don't have that budget, then you can start doing because you cannot do less than $20 a day. But as Tik Tok has lower CPMs, it can be cheaper in the long term. Now, the good thing about Meta is that they don't have a minimum budget. But of course, we don't recommend you as an agency to do less than $5 a day. Specifically, if you are lower tiers countries, if you're on countries such as the US, UK, Sweden, and expensive countries, then we suggest to do a minimum of $25 to $50 a day. But the good thing is that you don't really have a minimum budget set by Meta. While on Tik Tok, you do have a $20 minimum of budget. Now, when it comes to landing phase on both platforms, we need a minimum of 50 conversions per week. That means that on Tik Tok is going to be easier to achieve those 50 conversions per week because we have lower CPMs, which make it easier to achieve those 50 conversions per week. Now I'm going to show you exactly what tends to work and what tends not to work on both platforms, Meta and Tik Tok. Now um the good thing about Meta is that you can have broad targeting and still get your results, right? We tried this with clients of ours. We did maximum of two to three interest on the campaign level and we achieved great results. And also the good thing is that you can do creativity at scale. You can test thousands of ads as many many brands are doing on meta and you will not fall behind as you can do on Tik Tok. Another thing the brands tend to use when it comes to do uh marketing is retargeting. Right? So if we have 10 campaigns and they are all working very good but we want to retarget those people that didn't actually convert. Meta is a really really reliable platform to do retargeting mainly because we have that data stored on our pixel and our KPI on our conversions API and it is also a very reliable platform to do catalog and product campaigns. In the other hand what tends to fail on meta is over segmentation as I said creative fatigue. If you have a very few and low creative testing on your campaigns, it can be really easy to burn your money and to um not find success. And the other thing is to have a low and bad configuration when it comes to the pixel and the conversions API. Now, what tends to work on Tik Tok specifically, it is UGC styles of ads. these kind of ads that are people um talking to you, showing you a product or showing you a service and how does it work and a very frenetic kind of videos showing you why this product or why the service is better and why you should buy it. And the good thing as well and we noted this when it comes to my agency is that they have a really quick creative testing, right? You can test creatives in the same day and know if they are winning or losing ads. And now what tends to fail in Tik Tok is creatives that looks like a generic brand commercial, right? The typical ads that don't tend to say anything in particular when it comes to the product or services that you're offering and it's just generic um you're talking only about the business. Now we also have another thing that is the same as on the meta platforms, low creative volume. On both platforms, you need a lot of volume and creativity in order to succeed. And it also comes to weak creative proof. And this means um when we're talking about not having enough reviews or not giving a solid opinion about our service or product. For example, if you're doing EUGC kind of content, we want to see the creator on the ad say and given an opinion of why this product or service is better than other brands and buck it up with reviews or opinions with other creators or other clients. Now before going on to the conclusion of which platform you should use, I'm going to talk a little bit about two companies that I chose to give you a little bit of an understanding of what you can achieve with both platforms. And when it comes to Meta, I chose Roas Hunter and they generated a 50% increase using Meta Technologies that means Meta Arts. They also increased 38% on purchases using meta ads and also a 62% add to cardart events. Now when it comes to another brand I chose this is good call another brand that is doing Tik Tok ads what I've seen studied and also showed you in to throughout the video is that Tik Tok is very good to decrease costs. They saw a 96% on decrease in customer acquisition costs. Also, they had a 75% new customer retention rate. That means that if you're selling a subscription service model, it can be quite beneficial for you to do Tik Tok ads. And they also saw 6K plus new users signups. This is really relative to the budget that they used. This brand specifically, they took 185 new sign up that they were having to $7 per new sign up. That is actually insane because you're obviously having a 96% on decrease per client acquisition costs, which can be insane, specifically when it comes to, as I said earlier, subscriptionbased services. Thanks to TikTok ads, they also gain 2K plus new accounts per month, which is insane. actually if you're doing a SAS. So as you saw, Tik Tok ads can be quite beneficial for those subscriptionbased services and for those SAS companies the wants to attract more customers for less money. Now going for the conclusion, if you're doing e-commerce, Tik Tok wins when the product can be shown quickly. As I said earlier, if your ads are very frenetic and are solutionbased ads, then it can be quite beneficial for you to do Tik Tok. While on meta wins when you want reliable scaling that means if you want to do large amounts of investment, large amount of budget. They also have strong retargeting and they also have the catalog campaigns which can be really good for those companies that has for example a large catalog of products. When it comes to the lead generation, Meta often wins on the lead efficiency. For example, I as a marketing agency can bring leads thanks to Meta that are higher quality than Tik Tok. And the instant form that Meta has is a really low friction for the users because it is natively built inside Meta platforms which can led to have high volume of leads with a lower cost per lead. And then Tik Tok can win when it comes to packaging the offer into a creator style as we said earlier into an UGC creative styles and when you want to do search ads when it comes to gaining new clients that are actively searching for an specific service on Tik Tok. Now, as you can read here, this is a sentence I specifically built for you. That is, Meta is great to scale large budgets for already established brands, right? And while Tik Tok is like the Gen C type of ads manager that decreases cost on a very quick time frame, and I said Gen C because you need Gen Z type of creatives, you need UGC kind of creatives. Right now, after the conclusion, I would recommend you to test both platforms for your company and see what is working because in my case with my clients, we've tried both platforms and both platforms worked very good. I am always going to choose personally for my clients a little bit more of meta than Tik Tok. But this is just a personal view because they have tons of data and it is quite easier to have a campaign structure and to test quite quickly on my personal opinion. Although we also do Tik Tok ads for our clients, I will always choose on my personal views. I'm saying always on my personal opinion matter just because I feel more smooth with it if you can say that. And I also feel like it is a much established platform than Tik Tok. Now, if you already know what platform to use, but you don't know exactly how to do the ads and you want an agency or someone to run your campaigns where you focus on your business, then you have a link in the description to book a call specifically with me and my team to see if we can help you achieve the results that you want in order to gain more revenue for your business. For that and more, just subscribe, like the video, and I'll see you on the next one.

- The BEST TikTok Ads Tutorial for Beginners (2026 Complete Guide): Kind: captions Language: en In this video, I'm going to be breaking down everything you need to know to master Tik Tok ads in 2025 and beyond, even if you're a complete beginner starting from scratch. We're going to be going over why you should be using Tik Tok ads. Step by step on how to get started and set up your accounts, proven ad strategies that my team and I are using every single day to make ridiculous amounts of money on the platform, how to avoid bans and restrictions, how to scale your ads, and most importantly, how to avoid all of the common pitfalls and mistakes that beginners are making on the platform every single day. Now, first of all, what the heck are Tik Tok ads? If you've ever been on the massively popular social media app Tik Tok, you've definitely come across the catchy ads that are seamlessly built into your regular feed of scrolling. These are paid promotions that brands all over the world are using to tap into Tik Tok's massive engaged user base. Currently, there's over a billion active users on the platform, but what's even crazier is that the average daily watch time is 95 minutes for each one of these people. On top of that, 40% of the active users on Tik Tok are actually starting to make purchases directly through the app. And Tik Tok isn't just for Gen Z anymore. Brands of all sizes, from fly by night, drop shipping newbies to billion-dollar brands like Nike and Amazon are leveraging Tik Tok every single day to reach new and highly profitable audiences. Now, I'm going to be real with you. Tik Tok can either be a gold mine or a complete money pit for your business. The first pro of using Tik Tok ads is that it's much more cost-effective than going to other platforms because it's a generally new platform and they're still accumulating tons of new data. Alongside that, Tik Tok users are more engaged than any other platform. From basic things like liking and commenting, but also to purchasing even from organic videos. On top of that, the viral potential on Tik Tok is crazy. It's the easiest platform to start up and within your first few days, you can get millions of views if you pop out a viral vid. But of course, that being said, there are some heavy cons that come with Tik Tok as well. Firstly is that the platform is insanely creativeheavy, which means that it's not as easy as most people think. You need to become a really great marketer to stand out and pump out tons of new creatives to feed the algorithms with if you're expecting to get results. On top of that, because it's a newer platform, there's definitely a pretty big learning curve and it'll take you time to get adjusted to making the right videos for this ads platform. And additionally, a high percentage of the users are still Gen Z's. So, if your product or offering doesn't really resonate with a younger audience, you can't expect to generate insane results. So, if you're ready to leverage cheaper traffic and you're not afraid of pouring more effort into your marketing, then Tik Tok ads are for you. All right, so first things first, we got to get your account set up and running. So, for the past 2 years, I've been in the top 50 partners worldwide for Tik Tok, which means that they're always providing me exclusive deals to give to my audience. So, to go ahead and sign up for Tik Tok ads, you'll definitely be wanting to use the link in the description box because with that link, you're going to get up to $1,000 in free ad credits, which basically means that by using this link for the first little while, you're going to be able to outspend all of your competition because you're only going to be paying 50 on everybody else's dollar for this already cheap traffic, which is insane. Once click on the link, just go ahead and start setting up your account. Be sure to use a brand new email that you've never used before so the promotion can remain active. and go ahead and select your industry as e-commerce or the niche most relevant to what you're selling. As far as payment goes, choosing automatic payment is the easiest and go ahead and load up your card. Now, next, if you're running a Shopify store, it's super easy to connect your pixel and start gathering all that data. On Shopify, they have a built-in Tik Tok integration, and by just following their laid out step-by-step process, you'll be able to have your Tik Tok pixel set up in less than a couple of minutes. Now, if you're using another website hosting platform, just go to Google and type in pixel integration for that platform. as most website hosting platforms have an easy way to connect the pixel. But if not, you can follow a step-by-step video on how to manually connect your pixel and ensure that it's active. And just like that, your account is already now set up and your pixel is ready to track your conversions. Now, it's time to create your first ad. So, once you're in your ads manager, all you have to do is go ahead and click create and choose website conversions to optimize for purchases. Name your campaign something easy for you to remember, possibly just the product or offer that you're testing. and then go ahead and choose conversion and set up the goal as purchase. My next recommendation is to go ahead and upload seven to 10 different creative assets to maximize Tik Tok's algorithmic testing. Now, like I said, it is a very creative heavy process here. So, your best bet is to stock up on as much footage of your product as possible and then start mixing them together and creating ads. Add a few simple ad texts like 50% off plus free shipping or whatever correlates best with the offer that you're running or even just something basic like click to shop now if you don't have any fancy offers. Now, as far as the budget and launch strategy goes, I would recommend starting with a budget of $50 to $100 per day. It might take you a couple of days to get a solid amount of data before you start making informed decisions, but it's definitely best to ease in as this is a new platform you'll be advertising on. Now, at this budget, and if you've uploaded 7 to 10 creatives, you'll likely want to wait at least 24 to 48 hours to give it some decent time to run before you start looking at the data and making any decisions on scaling from there. Now, of course, when it comes to reading your data and making informed decisions, there's so many variables that go into it, and a lot of it has to do with your own intuition and experience from running ads, but a couple of helpful benchmarks for you is to look at your cost per click, which should be under $1. Like I said, Tik Tok generally has cheaper traffic than other platforms, so spending less than a dollar per click is a pretty good place to be in. As far as your CTR or click-through rate goes, I'd say anything between 1 to 1.5 or higher is a solid area that you should be aiming for. If it's below one, then you know you should probably go back to the drawing board with your creatives or offer. And then of course, just like on any other ad platform, you want to be tracking your ad to carts, your initiate checkouts, your sales, and as many other conversion-based metrics that you can from your Shopify store and in the Tik Tok ads manager. If your metrics are hitting these benchmarks and they're strong, but you're not getting any sales yet, just let it run for another day or two to further optimize. But if your metrics are terrible, don't waste any more time after your first 24 to 48 hours. kill the ads and start to create new variations of them. Now, even though it's a newer platform, they've still managed to build up a ton of data and it's likely that their algorithm is going to do all the heavy lifting for you and you don't need to do super specific or hyperargeting approaches when it comes to finding your ideal customer. So, generally keep everything broad and my scaling strategy is to just increase the budget by 20 to 35% every 1 to 2 days as long as your campaign remains profitable or at least at break even. And really guys, I'll say it again. The name of the game here is continually testing as many creatives as possible, trying to bring those key benchmarks and KPIs up and ultimately lead you to more sales and profitability. Also, the ad fatigue is crazy. So, never stop testing. The moment you get complacent with what you're already running is the moment your performance will start to drop. Now, unlike Facebook, Tik Tok is a little bit more lenient with account restrictions and bans, but it does happen all the time, so don't panic. Tik Tok does have pretty reliable support for your appeals whenever issues like this happen. And if you do still find yourself getting banned frequently, the best thing that you can do for yourself is by setting up multiple accounts. Now, luckily, this is much easier than on a platform like Facebook, all you have to do is have a fresh email set up. And in fact, you can keep using the link in the description to keep claiming those promotions every single time you set up a new account. Now, obviously, there's a little bit more details surrounding how to do that and how to maximize it. One thing that we've coined as the Tik Tok glitch method is basically using proxies to continually set up multiple new Tik Tok accounts so that you can keep claiming that promotion. And what that allows you to do is, like I said, spend 50 cents on the dollar compared to everybody else, which will give you a crazy competitive advantage and allow you to scale products rapidly out the gate and keep turning and burning accounts to maintain as much profit as you possibly can. Now, this strategy is a little bit more advanced. So, if you guys are interested in working with our team and having us help you and jump inside your business for a strategy like this, then you can hit the first link down below in the description and you can apply to work with our team. Now, another thing we need to touch on is agency accounts. I'm sure you've heard that term swirling around out there, but this is an investment that you'll be making if you want to target worldwide or enjoy cheaper CPM. It's basically a special form of a Tik Tok account that provides insider access to worldwide targeting, lower CPMs generally, and basically no account bans or restriction. Now, if you looked up on Google Tik Tok agency account providers, I'm sure you'd find a few solid options. But if you're serious about scaling and you don't want to get hit with crazy fees, then go ahead and DM me on Instagram and I'll hook you up to one of the reliable connections that I use. Now, arguably the most important part of this entire video, I'm now going to be pointing out a few traps that beginners almost always fall into when starting ads on Tik Tok. The number one most common issue for e-commerce businesses is having poor fulfillment. And it's no surprise because that's what's given drop shipping a shitty reputation over the last few years. In fact, I personally got scammed five figures by one of the first suppliers that I was ever working with to fill product. On top of that, I've sent out hundreds of orders, which I'm not proud of, by the way, that showed up damaged, defective, faulty, or broken throughout the course of my career. And if with every new product and offer, I kept having difficulties until I finally made a partnership with AutoDS. Now, at first, I just thought of these guys as some fulfillment center that white labels AliExpress and charges a markup on products. But that could not be farther from the truth. Over the past few years, they've truly built a platform that is revolutionary. It is your all-in-one toolkit for starting an e-commerce or drop shipping business from scratch because they have built-in winning product softwares that'll show you the best databacked, most viral products in real time to choose. And in one click, you can import those directly onto your Shopify store. On top of that, all your orders show up in one clean dashboard. And yet again, in one click, they'll go ahead and ship all those orders out from their warehouses in both China and the US to your prospective customers. Not only do they double check, but they triple check for quality every single time they send an order out. So with AutoDS, what you're getting is essentially a bunch of employees working for you inside of your business to make sure that you don't have to do very much work. This will save you so much time, allow you to focus on scaling. And on top of that, they have some of the best and most competitive shipping rates and rates for products. Not to mention, the shipping is extremely fast, too. So anyways, I've been working with AutoDS for a while. They're the number one resource when it comes to drop shipping and e-commerce right now. And of course, I'll have a special link for you guys down below in the description. Now, the second thing is not creating enough content. You need to start thinking about building a content system or a machine, even if you're just testing a product, because when it comes to Tik Tok, you're going to need so many creatives to know if you're really going to go viral and make ridiculous amounts of profit on the platform or not. And of course, the next thing is ensuring that you have the right product. Because of course, guys, the two most important things in making money with e-commerce is what is your product or offering and how good is your marketing? We've talked a little bit about the creatives, but when it comes to the product itself, you need something that is going to catch people's attention on impulse on TikTok. You got to think, regardless of their engaged and active user base that's constantly buying, most people are scrolling social media on a daily just to feel a stimulation, a hit of dopamine amidst their daily boring, mundane life. And so, if your product doesn't scream out to them, doesn't pull an emotional cord or trigger when they're watching it, then it's far less likely that you'll ever make that sale. So, when you're doing your product research, definitely try to look for something that has multiple different angles that you can promote and that is super easy to create videos on. Not to mention has that wow factor that'll hit people right away. And when it comes to your website, this is where I see the most mistakes being made. Beginners take so long and they're perfectionists over every little thing on their landing page when the truth of the matter is you're not a big brand. You don't have super large customer assets and email lists and all this stuff built up and a loyal following of people who residually buy from you yet. Like I said, your whole goal, your focus is to catch somebody on impulse and have them go from point A to point B as fast as possible. To do that, you need a clean, frictionless landing page setup with some beautiful product photos and imagery and benefit driven copy. But keep it stupid simple because as soon as you start getting too complicated and adding scarcity and urgency and all these tactics that you think will work, it won't. And my AI store builder has came a long way. Before it needed a ton of work and now within just a few touch-ups, you'll have a fully built out store that's proven to convert, ready to go. And the themes that we're using were inspired by the number one best converting theme for drop shippers right now. Oh yeah, and this shit's still 100% free while we're working on it. So make sure you go down below to the description and set up your first free store in less than 3 minutes. Customuilt by us, loaded with winning data back products, and ready for you to begin your advertising journey. And that, my friends, is how you master Tik Tok ads in 2025. And now it's your turn. Go and set up your account, get your ads ready, and launch your very first campaign. Don't forget to subscribe, like, and also check out this video I created over the past year, which is basically an 8-hour movie teaching you in depth everything I've ever learned about making money online over the past 6 and a half years. Anyways, thank you guys so much for watching. I'll see you in a few days. Peace.

  Top Comments:
  1. @tanvisaigal8542 [2 likes]: Useless video. It’s just an ad - don’t waste your time.
  2. @spartacusm7594 [1 likes]: AUDT-DS is a SCAM !!! THEY RIPPED PPL THEY GET YOU TO SIGN UP FOR 1.99 THEN THEY CHANGE YOUR CREDIT CARD $400  a few days Later, when you try to get your $$ back they ignore You, and shut down the massages, basically Hang up the phone on You. 
DONT DEAL WITH THEM.
  3. @KAIYAACOSMETICS [1 likes]: Hey has anyone taken the actions from this video and made money?
  4. @sofie3313: The tiktok link doesn't work anymore?
  5. @jennizersarmiento783: Hi! I saw your playlist about TikTok and Facebook ads before, but when I checked again to watch more videos, I couldn’t find them anymore. Are they still available?

I learned a lot from your content, especially about the ideal metrics for ads. I hope you can share more videos about Facebook and TikTok ads. It really helps beginners like me. Thank you 🙏🙏
  6. @billyjoe1401: Can i advertise or boosts tiktok videos and build a audience easily im in the uk?
  7. @MariamMohamed-zh5lp: G major 74
  8. @financialmarketsclub: Very useful guide
 Nice one thanks
  9. @agenciamptperformance: I'm Brazilian, I own an agency, and I create ad accounts in my Business Center for my clients. But when a client leaves, I’m unable to transfer the ad account to them. What should I do?
  10. @ToshaWeissnat: Thanks so much:face-red-heart-shape::face-red-heart-shape:
  11. @FactoryInformation-o9s: Can I get ad credits if I have an already made TikTok account? Or not?
  12. @hankimlim8676: U working for Tik Tok ?? keep selling Tik Tok
  13. @Eliottrankjaer: What if my budget is much lower?
  14. @sarahhana9189: I had someone create me a store with nice products, it’s a general store. However I am struggling to make a single sale. I don’t know how to manoeuvre these tiktok ads it’s so hard :(
  15. @krisz2000: Why I have to add the VAT number? What if I don't have one
  16. @RichardSalami-1: Thanks so much for the video!

Is the ads credit still valid as we speak ?
  17. @igackm2515: I can’t see link 🙉
  18. @BikerMick30: what website i will create?
  19. @AfyaKipato: I Need more Training About How To Run  Tik-Tok Ads.. I Can Get Your Helping?
  20. @stephanieperalta8728: Should I run ads if I’m a new Tik tok shop affiliate or is this only for shop owners

- The BEST Facebook Ads Tutorial For Ecommerce in 2026: Kind: captions Language: en If you're trying to learn Facebook ads right now, every tutorial tells you something different and you're sitting there trying to figure out which one's actually right. So, you pick one, you follow it step by step, you spend a few hundred bucks testing, and then nothing happens. Here's the thing. The platform has changed. What worked 2 years ago doesn't work the same way now. So, in this video, I'm going to be walking you through the exact setup that I use after spending millions of dollars on ads. The structure, the creative, the metrics that actually matter step by step. So, let's get into it. All right. So before we build anything, I need to explain something really important because there's a reason why people are following tutorials step by step and still losing money on Facebook ads. And it's not the settings, it's not the budget, it's that the entire game has changed. Back [music] in 2020 to 2021, Facebook ads were all about targeting precision. So you'd stack interest, you build look alikes, you'd get super specific about who you're reaching. So, for example, if you're selling a pet related product, you're going to target people that are interested in [music] pets, pet grooming, dog training, pet food, anything that's correlated to pets. That was the game and it worked. [music] And then iOS 14 hit and Apple basically just said you can't track people across apps anymore unless they opt in. And most people obviously are going to say no. So, overnight, Facebook lost all that data that made all the precision targeting work. Now, here's the part that most people miss. Facebook didn't just give up, they rebuilt the entire algorithm. So instead of tracking people across platforms, the algorithm now learns from what happens when people see your ad. So who engages, who clicks, who converts. That's the data Facebook's using now. Actual behavior on your ads. So when you run an ad and someone buys, Facebook finds people who behave like that person. And this is why interest targeting doesn't really work as well or at least like it used to. Because when you tell Facebook only show this to dog owners, you're limiting it to interest data. That's not really reliable anymore. So with that said, broad targeting just performs better because you're giving the algorithm a lot more room to learn from real sales instead of just outdated guesses really. Now here's what this means practically. So the setup got way simpler. You don't need complex audience stacks or 50 different targeting tests, right? But your creative has to actually connect because if your ad doesn't hook the right people and drive conversions, Facebook really has nothing to learn from. And that's when you get high CPMs, low spend, no sales. So, simple structure, solid creative, and that's really the game. All right, so let's actually get your account set up. And I know this part probably seems boring to you guys, but if you skip steps here, you're going to have problems later that are way harder to fix. So, the first thing that we're going to be doing is creating a business manager. This is really just going to be like the briefcase of our entire operations, and it's going to hold all of our assets, and we're going to be able to advertise from this uh business manager. So you can literally just type in create Facebook business manager and then we're going to scroll down and click meta for business, formerly Facebook for business, which is really just going to be the URL business.fas.com. So once you've logged into your personal Facebook account, we're going to press create a business portfolio. You can just name it like your store name. So your business portfolio name doesn't matter too much. So whatever helps you identify it best, and then of course your name, your last name, and then your business email. So once you are in your business portfolio, the first thing that we want to do is create a Facebook page. So, we'll go to pages. And then after that, you're going to go to add. You're then going to create a new page. And this is really just going to be, you know, the name of your brand. You could put any category. Doesn't really matter too much. And then a bio. You don't have to put either, but you could add this later. Just like that. Next. And then we're going to grant access to our business portfolio to ensure that our business portfolio has access to our Facebook page. And then we press create page. All right. So, our page has been successfully created. Next thing that we want to do is create an ad account. And the ad account itself is going to be the hub where we perform all of our campaigns. So, we're going to press add on the top right. Create a new ad account. And then again, you can name this whatever you'd like. Andy's shop ad account one or whatever helps you best identify this ad account. From there, next. And then we do need to ensure that our business portfolio again has access to this ad account. And we'll create the ad account. All right, that ad account has been created. Add in your payment info. Then we'll press done. So under your ad account, you need to ensure that you have access to this. So we'll go ahead and press assign people. We'll select yourself and then from there, manage ad account. So just press full control, assign. And this will allow you to then have access to this ad account. This is really important and you do not want to forget to do this. Now we'll go back to the pages and do the same thing. We'll select our page, assign people, select the desired users, full control, assign. Now, the last thing that we need to do is go under data sources and we're going to create our pixel. So, the way that we're going to do that is we're going to go to data sources right here, data sets and pixels. And then on the top right, we're going to press add. And I kind of just need to pause for a second to explain the importance of this pixel. You can think of it as like the brain of your website. So, without this, Facebook has no idea if your ads are working. So, every single interaction that you get on your website is going to be tracked as long as we have this pixel properly placed on the back of our website on Shopify. I'm going to show you how to do that in a second. But first, we have to create it. So, you can just name it whatever you like. Andy shop pixel. And then from here, after you've named it, we're just going to press create. And then you want to assign this to the ad account that you just created right here. We'll go next. And then we are pretty much good to go. Let's just ensure that someone has access to this. So we'll go ahead and assign people. Select yourself conversion API system admin and then full control assign. Right. So we've set up everything on the back end for Facebook. Now all we have to do is connect this to our existing Shopify store. And the way to do that is pretty simple. You just go to your Shopify store and then from there go to apps and we're going to find the Facebook and Instagram app. We're going to install. Now we're just going to connect our shop right here. So we're going to go next, connect account. And this is just going to prompt us to log into Facebook. So, we'll confirm our account right here. We'll allow. And then for the business assets, you're going to want to select the Facebook page that we just created. Connect. And then for data sharing, you want to set this to maximum version API. We'll save. And then here, you want to select that pixel that you went ahead and created as well. So, we'll connect it. And then a business details email right here. Contact info. We'll save that. We'll agree. And then we'll submit this for review. And this should really just take a few minutes. But now we've pretty much done everything to ensure that Facebook can now track any interaction that is on our website. So what you can do to go to the extra extent, you can go to Google and then type in Facebook pixel helper and then we'll go to the Chrome extension and then you just have to add it. And then you're going to want to go to your own website and then pull up the Metapixel helper and just start interacting with the page. So you can add to cart, click on certain buttons, and you'll notice that uh these actions should start to trigger and fire. All right. So everything is now connected. We can go in and build the campaign. So I'm going to walk you through exactly what to click, but more importantly, why we are setting it up in this particular way because if you understand the logic, you can adapt this to pretty much any product that you guys want to sell or advertise to. So first things first, we're going to want to get to our ads manager. So if we toggle to the left, we click ads manager. So we'll hit campaigns and this is where all of our campaigns are going to exist for the ad account that we have created. All right. So the first thing that we're going to do is press this green little create button. And then we have different options for campaign objectives. Now for us because we're in the direct to consumer space. We want sales. We want conversion. We want people to buy. We don't want traffic. We don't want leads. We'll go into continue. And here you can just name this campaign whatever is going to help you best identify, you know, what you're selling. So you could put your product test, but we'll just do 001. And then we could just say three ads. All right. So now we need to set our budget. We're going to be using campaign budget optimization, aka CBO, versus the adset budget AB. Now, here's why we're using CBO instead of And the reason being, when we use CBO, Facebook sees all of your adsets and decides which one is performing best. then it's automatically going to shift more money into what is already working or the creative or the ad that is working best. So let's just say that you know you have three different ads that are running. One's getting a cost per purchase of $15, another is $25 and then the last one $40. So without you having to do anything, Facebook is automatically going to put more of the money or more of your daily budget into that $15 cost per purchase ad creative. So you're not, you know, sitting there having to manually distribute the budget yourself. and the algorithm just does it faster and better than you ever could. Now, if we decide to change our budget strategy to an adset budget, what's going to happen is we're going to have the option to then set our budget on the ad level. So, let's just say, for example, we have three different adsets and we set them all at $20. They're going to spend exactly $20 at the end of the day, regardless if, you know, one's doing better or worse. So, I would rather just have the CBO do all the thinking for me and just move the money around in the profitable areas without me having to really micromanage the campaign. So, if we're going to do CBO, you got to do at minimum $50, $50 to $100. We'll just set it at 50. Now, remember, you can always turn this off. It's not going to spend $50 forever. So, after that, we'll just go in next. And then here, you can just name this again whatever is going to help you best identify this ad set. So I generally like to do the countries that I'm targeting. So we can just change this up later based on what we are going to target. So here conversion location we want to change this from message destination to website. And then from there you know we're going to ensure that we're selecting our pixel right here. This is really important. You want to check the number and double check that it's the correct pixel ID. And then for the conversion event we want to select purchases. This is going to be really important. Now, the reason why it's gray right here and not green is because it's a fresh pixel and there hasn't been any data or, you know, website activity that has triggered on our website because we literally just set up the pixel. So, we'll just click purchase. If it says this, do not worry about the warning. And then all this is good. We don't got to touch it. We'll scroll down. Even like schedule, you don't really have to worry. You could set it to like 12:00 a.m., but it really doesn't matter unless you want it to spend on a certain day at a certain time, or if you wanted to give it a full start at the beginning. Now, here, controls. This is where you're going to decide who you're going to be targeting to, who you're going to broadcast the ad to. Now, obviously, if you're going to sell a product that is geared to a specified region, you're going to ensure that you're targeting those countries. To keep it basic, I'm just going to do the United States and Canada. So, we'll do Canada. Make sure to press country and region. If you want to do the UK, if you want to do, you know, Australia, New Zealand, you can add in those countries. We not want to do all English speaking. And that's something that you can play around with later. Just, you know, you're going to have to do research based on your product. Now, the next thing, suggest an audience. So, this is where we can, you know, insert our custom audiences. You guys don't have to worry about that right now because it's a bit more advanced. We could hypothetically create an audience to then exclude past purchases, but most of you guys that are starting don't have any purchases right now, so doesn't really matter. But once you start making sales, you're likely going to want to ensure that you're excluding your past purchases so that you know people that already purchase aren't seeing your ads again. So we don't want the frequency to go above a one ideally. So I like to keep the age range and gender open. When I was first starting, I was like, "Okay, I'm going to hyperarget my audience and only target, you know, 18 to 35 and males because that's what I thought." But let Facebook do all that for you. Just keep it entirely broad. Detailed targeting. If you were selling a pet product, you're going to type in, you know, dog grooming, for example. And this is the interest that you're going to select, right? This seems like the the trivial way to go about this, doesn't it? Seems like, you know, this makes sense. If I'm selling a pet related product, I'm going to go ahead and find people that are interested in pets. But this actually will work against us. So, we're just going to keep everything here open. Really easy. So, all you really have to do is set up who or what countries you're going to target to. And then everything else we're going to keep pretty much open along with the placements. I even like to keep this open. Now that we know exactly who we're targeting, we can go ahead and insert that as the adset name for our own reference. And you could just do something like this. 18 plus women and men, right, for example. Or you could just do something like direct open because we weren't doing any targeting. Doesn't matter too much. All right, so we're almost there. The campaign and the adset level are built. Now, we just need to upload the actual creatives on the ad level. But really quick before we do that, you can follow every single step that I showed you, get the setup completely perfect, and still lose money because that is the easy part. You literally just watch me go through even like 75% of this in what, 5 minutes. Now, where most people struggle is everything after that. So, the optimization, reading the data correctly, knowing when to kill a campaign versus when to scale it, and then testing creatives that actually convert. That is where the experience matters. And that's where we can help you in my mentorship program. You don't have to figure this out by yourself and make a bunch of expensive mistakes because you've got someone that's looking at your actual account with you, telling you what's working, what to change before you waste more budget. Now, if this sounds like this would be useful to you, you can apply below and we'll see if you're a good fit because we are currently doing screenings for new entries right now. Now, this is the ad level. So, this is where we're going to insert our creatives and this is what our audience is going to see. So, the first thing that you want to make sure to do, we can just name this ad 001. And then I generally like to put the first couple words of my text or my headline and we can set this up later or the primary text rather just so I can have some distinction between the ads and also number them. So we'll select our Facebook page that we created earlier which was Andy shop. You can connect your Instagram account as well. That's something that you definitely want to do. And then from here we'll have a manual upload a single image or a video. And then I'm going to add that in right now. And then for the ad setup, we're going to do create ad, manual upload, single image or video. And then you could do a carousel if you want, but we're doing a video for this example. Destination, we're going to do website. And this is where you're going to insert your product page of your website. Make sure that it's your product page or, you know, your collection page. If you're, you know, selling a variety of products, 95% of the time, you're going to put your product page. So find your product page, copy and paste it in here. This is an example andshop.com. And then this is where we're going to insert our ad creative. So setup created video ad. Next. All right. So here we're going to upload our first video creative. I'm going to insert my example right here and open it. Hit next. And so this right here, the primary text is going to be what's displayed to our audience under the video itself. The headline is going to be right above the text. And then the description is going to be right under that. And then here we want to we could just pre-seelelect shop now. generally always want to make that clear to the audience. Now, before we just throw in anything into this primary text, headline, and description, I want to show you guys how to write really good copy with very minimal effort. And you don't really need to guess because there are companies out there that are already spending thousands, hundreds of thousands of dollars on what is currently working. So, you can literally see what they're running using the Facebook ad library. Right. So, once we get to the meta ad library, I'll make sure to leave a link for you guys to easily access this below as well. We hit all ads and then we're going to insert a competitor brand that is running ads. So, a good reference that you have for your product specifically. So, in my case, it's going to be this company right here. Going to go to their Facebook page and we're looking for copy that has been working for this company. So, this might not be the best example, but we're looking for ads that have been running for, you know, a decent amount of time. And what we're looking at is the structure of how they go about setting up their This is the primary text right here. And then this is the headline should go right here. And then this is the bio right below it. So this one's been running for about 2 weeks. So you know if a company's running this ad for over 2 weeks, 3 weeks, 4 weeks plus, then it means that it's clearly working for them because no one's going to run ads for a long period of time to work. So we want to get an idea of what their winning ad copies are. Now here is where AI is going to make our lives really easy cuz we're not just going to copy exactly what they said because that would be plagiarism. We're going to go into Claude. Well, I like Claude. You guys could use Chad GP, whatever you find most useful. And insert this prompt right here. Prompt says, I'm running Facebook ads for. You're going to insert your product. Here are three competitor ads that are performing well. You're going to insert those. You can screenshot them. You could, you know, upload the text. My target customer is blank, right? Three variations of Facebook ad copy following the same structure as these winning ads. So, what I'm going to first do is give it some information about my brand or my competitor brand. You could, you know, copy the product page of what you're selling or your main competitor or you can give it, you know, the URL. Insert it like this. And then even, you know, copy the name. Probably don't want to insert their brand name like that. Brief description. For the description, just going to make this bit easier for me by just screenshotting. Target customer. Let's give it a bunch of info about this product so it can figure out the ICP for me. Ideal customer profile. We're going to go back into here and just going to take the ones that have been running longest. So, should be these three. So, it's going to pick up the general structure and then that is going to be that. Added this give me the primary text, headline, and description just so it doesn't mess up. All right. So, now we have three different variations that use the format and the structure from the main competitor. So, you could probably see the resemblance from these two. So you could insert a bunch of different competitors that, you know, have been running the same product or very similar product just so you have a bit more uh variation. For the sake of this example, I'm just going to go with this without entirely proofreading it. But of course, you're going to want to proofread and ensure that this makes sense and that it actually works. But if you just look at it, getting back to the baseline, it starts at the cellular level. Then it puts all the info about the product. So going to take this primary text right here. Then go here, insert the primary text. And then headline support your cellular energy. It's going to be the headline. And then back to baseline. Or you could put like limited quantity or you know on sale now, something [snorts] like that. Something with urgency. And then of course shop now. So now we're going to take the variation two and then we're going to insert it as another text option. This will be a split test. And then again you could do this as headline option two. Bam. Description. And then we got the last one right here. Same thing. Add a text option. Play around with emojis, but again, try and figure out what format is working best for your competition. Do not need to reinvent the wheel. Just base it off of what is currently working in your space. And just like that, now we have three different primary text options so that Facebook can figure out which one works best along with headlines and description. So, we'll go next. Go done. Let me adjust this back to shop now. All right. So this is the preview of what it looks like with, you know, the primary text, the headline, and the description. This is what your audience is going to see. So this is the first one. We're going to name this. Now I'm going to just pull the first primary text just like this. Then I'm going to insert. This is just what I like to do. You don't have to do it. And then everything here, you don't really have to touch. The next thing that we need to do is press this three little dot icon. We're going to hit duplicate. And we're going to make two copies. And we're going to insert the rest of our creative. So, all I got to do is go to the top. Make sure to remove copy. And then I can name this 02. We'll go to the middle of the page. We'll edit media. And then we're going to change video. And go next. And we're going to upload the next video. Next. Same thing. All good to go. Done. That one's good. And then we're going to go to our third again. Move this. Name this 03. Go to change media video. Next. Insert the last variation. Next. Next. Done. All right. And that's pretty much it. So overview, we have our one campaign that's budgeted at $50. The adset is going to be US and Canada targeting 18 plus entirely open as well as advantage plus placements. And then we have our three different ad creatives. So our three different videos along with the three primary text options right here that we created with AI, three different headline options and three description options all under shop now. So you just have to press review and publish and then it should take you know anywhere from couple hours to a day maximum for it to get approved. And once it gets approved then it's going to start spending and then you guys can start to analyze the data from there. Now another thing I'm going to leave a notion guide in the description with this exact prompt plus a few more variations that you guys can test along with all the resources that we're going over today. It'll be free. Uh you guys can easily access it below. All right. So your campaign is live. Now, here's where most people completely freeze. They open up their ads manager and they see like 40 different columns of numbers and all this jargon and they have no idea what they should actually be looking for, what really matters. So, before you even look at your data, there's one thing that you need to figure out first and that's your break [music] even point. And this is honestly just simple math. So, you take your selling price and you subtract what it costs [music] for you to fulfill the order. So, let's just say that you're selling something for $40. The cost of goods is $15. Your shipping is $3. So, the margin is $22. That means that you can spend up to $22 to get a customer and still break even. So, if you're spending $25 to get a purchase, you're losing money, right? If you're at $18, then you're making what? $4. So, just try and write that number down somewhere. That is what you are comparing everything to. All this data is going to be compared to that. Now, when you open up your ads manager, you need to customize your column so that you're actually looking at the right stuff. Now, to do that, pretty simple. You just go over here to columns performance. So, we're going to go ahead and customize columns. And we want to insert some really important numbers. So, it's going to be your CPC all right here. We'll add in our CTR. We'll add in our CPM, return on ad spend, results, total or cost per purchase, cost per result that's already there. All right. So, this is one of my campaigns that I've been running and I have it all organized for you guys to see what it should look like. We're going to go over each of these one by one. Right. So, your CTR right here. This is your clickthrough rate. Right? So this basically tells you if your hook is working. If people are stopping and clicking when they see your ad. So from your ad to your website. So above 1% you're generally good. You know people are interested. Below 5% after 2 to 3 days of testing your hook is just not landing. So you need to test different creatives. All right. So the next one is your CPC and this is your cost per click. So how much you're paying for each person to click from your ad to your website. So, anything under $2, that's generally pretty good. $2 to $4, that's somewhat normal. And then above like $4, it's just getting too expensive and your creative is not connecting. Your CPM is your cost per,000 impressions. So, this is basically just how much you're paying to broadcast your ad to a,000 people. Now, the normal range is anywhere from $10 to $40. And this one really just fluctuates based on the time of the year or the competition. I honestly wouldn't worry about this one too too much because you know majority of it is out of your control. Now your cost per purchase, your cost per results or your CPA. This one really matters and this is the one you're going to be comparing your break even number. We just went ahead and calculated a little bit ago. So right here is one of my campaigns. I want to show you guys how I'd read this. So you can see this is the campaign level, the adset level, and then the ad level. We're currently at the ad level with all the ads uh visible to you guys. So, for example, if we look at this one right here, this ad has spent $2,373. It has a cost per result of $21.19. And then it has results. So, website purchases 112 website purchases. So, my break even on this product is $28. So, I'm under that clearly, right, by about $7. So, this means that I'm profitable, right? I want to keep this one running. All right. So, this ad right here has spent $57 at a cost per result of $17. So, it's way under, right? This is clearly a winner or not entirely a winner. It still has to spend enough, but it's got, you know, 29 purchases. So, I wouldn't completely declare it a winner, but it just needs to spend more money for me to determine that. But right now, it's at a 2.17 return on ad spend. That means for every dollar that I'm spending on Facebook, I'm getting 2.17 back. So, this is pretty good. All right. So, we look at this one right here. It's only spent $36. It's got one purchase. So, the cost per result is going to be that same amount, $36. Right? Now, the thing with this one is it just hasn't spent enough, right? It's only spent $36 with one purchase. And for this one, I would give it an additional like $75 to $100 for me to determine if this is going to be a winner or loser if I need to cut it or if I can, you know, let it continue to run. So, that's pretty much how you read the data and make these calls. So, if your cost per purchase is under your break even and you spent $150 plus, you are making money. So, you want to, you know, generally let it run. Now, if it's way over your break even and you spent, you know, above $200, you want to kill it. You're going to have to test a new creative. And then if it hasn't spent $100 to $150 yet, don't even touch it. You need to give it more time, like, you know, the two right here. They need a lot more time for us to fully determine if, you know, we should keep these running. So, this is the decision framework. Now, if you guys find an ad that is profitable, don't just scale the budget like crazy overnight. you know, if this is at like a 2.17, don't just like bump the budget from $50 to $300, right? Facebook doesn't like that and it'll start to mess with the learning. Try and do slower increases. You want to give the algorithm time to adjust. Honestly, I like to do around 25% every 2 to 3 days. If it continues to hold. So, after that 2 3 day mark, increase it 25%, from 50 to 62.5 and it's holding, then I might increase it up to like 78 and then, you know, continue to go from there. So, to recap, calculate your break even first. Set up your columns, give the ads anywhere from $150 to $200 through themselves. Then compare the cost per purchase to your break even to make that call. And that's pretty much it. That's how you read the data and how you know what to do. The numbers are here and they're going to tell you everything that you need to know about your ads. Now, look, this gets you through launching and those first few days without making really stupid decisions. There's way more to actually scaling this. So, when to increase the budget, how to read the data week by week, when to launch new campaigns, new creatives, all the stuff that matters once you know that something's working and you're acquiring a ton of data. But for now, you've got what you need to get your first campaign live and to [music] start testing. And with that said, really hope this helped. I will see you guys in the next video. Peace.

  Top Comments:
  1. @mayputhkid [7 likes]: Could you please share the prompt? Also great video and valuable insights — thank you!
  2. @YS_Yousef [4 likes]: This was a strong breakdown. had one small idea on the intro that could make the hook land even harder. What’s the best way to reach you directly?
  3. @trackingconsulting [3 likes]: Solid tutorial. One thing many store owners miss is accurate conversion tracking. Pixels alone are not reliable anymore due to iOS and ad blockers. That’s why many brands see inconsistent results. With proper server-side tracking and CAPI setup, you get: More accurate data, Better optimization, and higher ROAS.
  4. @GuaranteedPPC [3 likes]: Product demonstration video Ads are overall the best Ads we have ever run in the ecom space.  People want to see what results your product can deliver, bottom line.
  5. @Gio_web [2 likes]: But why isn't anyone making videos on how to manage campaigns for a multi-product e-commerce site?
  6. @Ende-01 [1 likes]: why does my ad settings section look different than yourrs look different
  7. @Orange.Orangeee: Thank you for sharing 🎉
  8. @LamaYuun: I don't understand how you can do a clean test if you let Facebook decide where to spend the budget. If I have to test different desires or different avatars in the testing phase, how do you know if Facebook will only allocate the budget to the best, and the others won't have reached enough budget to label them as good or bad. The problem is that if you do an ABO, you are potentially forcing Facebook to spend and then manually analyze the KPIs, but this could force Facebook to spend on something that doesn't work. There is a need for more quality in these videos. Testing what? What are you testing initially?
  9. @Logan5629-b8v: Hello and thank you! You did mention a NOTION GUIDE that would be available in the description. Could you direct me to where this would be located? 
Thanks
  10. @cemen57vachekin13: Strange, you use usa and Canada cpm 100$+ how did you get 5-10$ cpm , it is not true bro
  11. @Kendrick-22-44: 👏👏👏👏👏👏
  12. @costo8779: do u advice us to go for the agency ad account so we don't waste time with the suspend and payment problems and closure and all that bs? thank you
  13. @Jorge-np3tq: Would be great to see something like this for youtube.
  14. @AdhvayHegde: can u say the same about doing the ads on instagram. and youtube
  15. @omaroliveras6181: how long will you start seeing results when publishing your ads?
  16. @QUECHIMBAEMPRENDER: Eres el mejor 😊
  17. @Tanaykothari7: You genuinely share information that is worth thousands of dollars💸 Thank you
  18. @Sayeedmolla-e5y: Brother, please make every video of yours in Bangla like this,ভাই, 💞❤
  19. @carcxmmunity: I’m facing a serious issue: despite getting 40M+ views on YouTube Shorts, 1M+ views on Instagram Reels, and 900+ website visits, I only made 6 sales, have already bought courses, can’t afford more, and genuinely need help.
  20. @Tii0009: Thank you for this info, please can explain how to post ads on Instagram also

- The NEW BEST Facebook Ads Strategy for 2026: Kind: captions Language: en Andromeda has changed everything. And most strategies just don't work anymore. Costs are up and profits have tanked. Everyone running ads who figured out what was working has had a massive unfair advantage. In this video, I'll show you step-by-step the new best Facebook ad strategy and how to set it up so you can stop day trading your ad account and get back to scaling your business. I'm opening up my ad account where I spend my money. I'm going to share my screen real quick and show you the exact structure and more importantly, why we structure it this way. This is the modern version of the one campaign method which we now call Andromeda one. Ad set one is the control. This is our benchmark, a small set of proven ads and ideally there's a good mix of images and videos. These aren't winners forever, they're just the most stable ads that are good enough to scale from and rely on. Ad sets two and three are tests. Each one contains a single 322 ad and these two ad sets should be thought of as an AB test. And these ads have one specific job, to improve or even replace the worst ad inside the control ad set. Also, in a little bit I'm going to show you exactly how to identify the worst ad because I think most people pick the wrong one. We're not testing to find the next winner to scale and abuse. Remember, Facebook ads are a team sport. We want to find the worst player on the team and replace them so that we can win more often. Now let's talk about how to judge a test. This is the part most experts get wrong and this is the most important part of scaling any account. We're not judging the test by any individual ad metric, CPA, ROAS, CTR, hook rate, none of that. Those are diagnostics. The goal is money. We only need to ask one stupid simple question. Did the campaign's profit volume go up? And by that I mean total revenue minus total ad spend. If yes, we just created more money to reinvest so we can scale the budget. If no, the test is a loser. That's it. Real quick, if you like this video, please go ahead and like this video and subscribe so you don't miss anything else and share it with all of your friends. YouTube loves that and that's how we help put back the fiction so that everyone can see more success and less stress. Also, check out Disruptor Academy. We just launched a brand new course on Andromeda one. Literally soup to nuts everything you need from setup to scale. Automated rules for low budgets, high budgets, literally everything you need to see more success and less stress. The link is right there. All right, that being said, let's get back to it. Budget behavior is the signal and the three-step testing process I'm about to show you is where Andromeda one gets really powerful. After we launch the test ads, we wait. And then, step one, delivery. Did the ads earn spend? If the answer is no, the ads aren't competitive and the test is basically dead on arrival and we start over. Step two, evaluation. What happens to the campaign if the answer is yes? If the test earns spend and the profit volume goes up, the test is winning regardless of what any individual ad metric says. And if the test earns spend and the profit volume drops, it's a loser and we start over. And then step three, scale. If profit volume went up, we have more money to invest so we increase the budget. And you continue to scale until profit volume stops improving and then you're back to testing. It doesn't matter if any of your new ads are winners or if your ROAS goes from two to 20. If profit didn't go up, it's a loss. Only the business outcome matters because it's not about any individual ad, it's about the whole team. And if we can't scale the budget, we need to make the team better. Now, a little earlier I promised I would show and it's also stupid simple. When I evaluate ads, I don't start with ROAS. ROAS is a ratio. It can look amazing while you make less money. We want to make more money. So what we care about is gross profit per transaction. I call it GPT and yes, you can build it as a custom metric in your dashboard. Here's how to do it. Here's why this matters. Ad A could be a 4x ROAS on a $10 CPA with a $40 AOV. That's a $30 gross profit. Ad B could be a 2x ROAS on a $60 CPA with a $120 AOV. That's a $60 gross profit. Half the ROAS, double the profit. So when we evaluate an ad, the stupid simple question is, does the ad have a GPT above campaign average? If not, that's when we want to try to replace. This stupid simple structure gives you something most advertisers never get. Certainty. Because we know exactly what changed and when it changed and what it did to the bottom line of the business. We can say things like, "That new hook increased profit volume." Or, "That angle brought in a higher AOV customer." No guessing, no emotional attachment, no subjective view based on attribution. And here's the hidden upside, the cross-channel effect. When you improve the quality of who you bring in and keep your traffic consistent, everything downstream gets better. Let's take a step back to look at what's really happening. Our creative testing upgrades the customer quality coming into the store. And because all spend runs through one system, Meta's Andromeda gets better at matching the right ad to the right buyer. And because we're not launching hundreds of random ads, all of our customers begin to look and feel and behave the same. Then we scale the budget to buy more of those higher quality customers. And all of that means that our site converts better, search and email pick up more revenue and even returning customer revenue also climbs. And that's the point. We're making the business better by buying better customers. That's why we judge success by the bank account, not just by platform ROAS. I don't really give a about ROAS. And this is the difference between optimizing ads like a performance marketer and being an operator scaling a business. I think about it like this, hunters versus farmers. Hunters lived in caves for 100,000 years living and dying by their ability to feed themselves today. Hunters measure success by ROAS and daily CPA. They ask, "Did this ad work today? What's my cost right now? Did it hit immediately?" They live and die by short-term swings. Once humanity learned how to farm, we went from living in caves to building empires and putting a man on the moon. We are in the empire building business. If you want to scale to the moon, you have to start thinking like a farmer. Farmers focus on feeding as many people as possible. One corn plant can produce three or four pounds of food and you can plant 10 other corn plants from what you don't eat. So for the same amount of work, over time you go from four pounds of food to 400 because you're focusing on building a better system and that's what farming is. Farmers focus on total profit and growth. Their job isn't to chase win after win, it's to build a system that works and to protect it and to scale it with the resources that system builds for itself. And that's what Andromeda one is actually optimizing for, similarity to produce scale. We're increasing the volume of high quality data flowing into the platform so it gets better at matching the right message to the right buyer and finding more of your best customers. Now, before you copy this structure, we have to talk about budget. Because a lower budget changes the rules just a little bit. If your budget isn't high enough to reliably get more than one ad set out of the learning phase, then everything lives in one ad set. Your control and your tests are just ads inside of the same ad set. Then you follow a simple ladder. One ad set until you can afford to get one testing and one control ad set. And then you scale until you can afford two testing ad sets. And even when I'm spending a million a month like I showed you before, I don't have more than two testing ad sets. Once you get there, you're done. You're ready to scale to the moon. So now that you understand what Andromeda one really is, it's not a tactic or a hack and it's definitely not a structure you copy and paste from a screenshot. It's a decision to stop being a hunter and to start being a farmer. It's choosing a system you can run every week, not a lucky ad you hope doesn't die. Now that you understand that, next we need to talk about the ad itself. I got to show you the exact ad format I use, how to build it and how to feed the algorithm the kind of data it needs to actually scale because the best structure in the world won't scale if your ads aren't teaching Meta to win and that is exactly what this next video is all about. >> [music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @jendoubianis5323 [12 likes]: This guy is absolutely breaking the game.
I’ve been following media buyers on YouTube for more than 6 years, and honestly, I’ve never seen someone explain Meta Ads with this level of depth and clarity.

You can tell this isn’t recycled content; this is real experience and real mastery. Respect.
  2. @MartinBenesCreative [3 likes]: It would be nice you actually would show how to decide which ad inside the adset should be turned off. Since all of them are part of the “team”, which one you turn off? Sometime you can turn off a non performer on numbers but maybe it was a crucial part of the success for other ads in the same adset.
  3. @gepa-c5x [2 likes]: I'm tired of this guy. He claims to provide a step-by-step guide, but in reality, he just provides a philosophical opinion without real execution. Watched more than 20 videos, not worth it
  4. @HaroXII [2 likes]: Great video! Can you make another video on a detailed version of this strategy for low budgets? If all ads are in one set, doesn’t adding new ones to test restart learning? Also if all spend continues going to the winner do we kill the test in the same ad set? I’d love a more detailed video with maybe a demonstration. Keep up the good work
  5. @vitorriseriomkt [1 likes]: This helped me a lot. Greetings from Brasil ✍🤓🇧🇷
  6. @matejantoncic9342 [1 likes]: @CTtheDisrupter how do you deal with campaigns on a small budget — one ad set only, with a few proven winners?

How would you test a new 3-2-2 setup in the same adset, if we currently don’t have Flex, DCT, or the new workflow available? 🤔
  7. @deanfrost90 [1 likes]: Question: If qualified, feel free to answer... 1 campaign. 3ad sets running. 1 flex ad in each ad set. 3 videos in each flex ad. I have 3 winners, 1 from each ad set in each flex ad. NOW! what??? lol
  8. @stanimirnikolov7934 [1 likes]: I launch a CBO campaign with a $60 budget, and I always split the ad sets into two: one for videos and one for static banners.
  9. @DaEnvoy [1 likes]: Amazing video! 
Quick question. Well, 2 quick questions:
1) Is the one campaign structure for the whole account or is it one campaign per product group, avatar etc?
2) What is a good budget for starting to launch 1 testing ad set and then the second one?
  10. @evgeniyperinov2465 [1 likes]: So if i have understood correctly if one ad doesnt get any spend from the 5 olympic circles i should stop it and change it(if it is an image of a review most of the time wont spend or at least not much)Am i right to stop the ad and replace it with another review image/video
  11. @carlosnobleza1665 [1 likes]: I always watch videos at 2x speed if not 1.5x. This is the first time I'm watching in normal speed and rewinding. This stuff is GOLD. At the end of the day we want ours/client's businesses to scale and do that as sustainable as we can.
  12. @sjaikdjorai5793 [1 likes]: Can this strategy also work for live events that take place across the country? The events are free of charge for visitors.

Thank you for sharing your valuable content.
  13. @JaridOrgeron [1 likes]: There is one authority on FB ads - Charlie…and then there’s everyone else.
  14. @brianedwardsu7404 [1 likes]: Oh how disappointing LOL - thought you will show STEP BY STEP?
  15. @PoojaPadalia-r4l [1 likes]: Great video ❤ one quick question please — i was watching your video about creative testing. when you add new creatives, do you also tag your catalogue/products in them? In our case, Meta mostly shows the catalogue products connected to the ad in a carousel format instead of the actual creative.
  16. @kirstenschroeder9891 [1 likes]: Love the video! So it's a cbo with control and test? So as the test ones do well move the ad to the control? on/off from there? I'm spending 1000 day, so when I up the budget based on results - it's across the full campaign right? no abo?
  17. @slimnik404 [1 likes]: Hey Charley,
doesn't adding new ads to the same ad set reset learning phase?
  18. @davidemoretti5888 [1 likes]: What advice would you give for a clothing e-commerce site with a daily budget of €100 that offers multiple collections and products? For example, should I run a CBO campaign with separate ad sets—one for each collection (jackets, shirts, T-shirts, jeans)—or should I run a dedicated CBO campaign for each product type or collection? 

Thank you for your response, I love your contents. ☺
  19. @Siimonte [1 likes]: Great video. What about products like nasal strips that solve multiple problems? One, in a sense - breathing. But in several contexts - sleep, exercise etc. Two separate ad-sets for different contexts or one general? Thanks!
  20. @kindcotton4826 [1 likes]: Charley - how long do you give a test ad set time to earn spend? Is a week ok?

- ​The NEW Facebook Ads Strategy Dominating in 2026: Kind: captions Language: en Facebook ads are completely different than they were just 12 months ago, especially with all the huge updates like gem and Andromeda. And the brands and advertisers who figured out what was working early have had a major advantage for the last 6 to 8 months while basically everyone else is trying to figure out what the heck happened. [music] In just the last 6 months we've managed $35 million across the accounts that we manage at the Moonlighters. We work with brands in all categories across nearly every single vertical. And over the last few months we've been taking a completely different approach to the way that we structure our ad accounts. We've had multiple brands that we work with increase their overall revenue to all-time highs after the fourth quarter. Just like this member of my community who grew and scaled their business from $66,000 per month to $100,000 per week. So, in this video I'm going to break down high-level what this exact strategy is and what's changed. And then I'm also going to show you step-by-step in the ads manager how to create the prospecting side of this system completely for yourself. So, to properly understand what's changed, you first need to know what used to work. Now, what's worked for us for the last 3 years prior to this major shift was a system that looked just like this. I'll take you through it very briefly. Essentially, we had a core prospecting campaign where we launched a broad packs every week or so and we launched individual creatives in each of those packs. We then scaled the best creatives that spent the most and drove the most amount of revenue into a scaling campaign that lived at the top of the account. After this prospecting campaign, we would set up a retargeting campaign that had 14-day Facebook and Instagram engagers, 30-day visitors, and 90-day add to carts. You should always know that in all these cases for both old and new strategy that they are always subject to change based on the brand. And then finally, we would set up a retention campaign. This is for your existing customers, people who previously purchased from you. And we would target all-time purchasers and 180-day purchasers. Now, here's what's changed because it's fundamentally shift because of Andromeda. Our prospecting structure looks a whole lot sexy and a whole lot more complex, but don't worry, it's not overwhelming. If you're already using what we used to call the M3 method, then the M4 method, which I'm going to break down in terms of the structure, is exactly the same minus a few changes. Is actually going to be a very easy transition for you, whether you're using an old structure, new structure, or if this is your very first time seeing this. In the M4 method, we have a core prospecting CBO campaign, multiple ad sets with all minimum budgets, and don't forget I'm going to show you exactly how to set this up. And we are grouping our creatives by avatar or concept. We then have the same retention campaign to hit our existing customers with all-time purchasers and 180-day purchasers mixed in. And the ads that we're showing these folks in particular are evergreen ads, sale ads, new products, and upsells and downsells. And then one of the biggest sweeping changes is now our retargeting campaign is optional. Now, this is optional based on the data in your ad account. So, you have to be skilled enough to actually understand if you should have it or not. But basically, you're looking at your audience breakdowns and you're making a determination based on the data on whether or not you should have a retargeting campaign or not. Okay, so let's get into the ad account. I'm going to show you everything step by step. And by the way, if you want the full in-depth tutorials on this, I'm talking eight plus hours of the entire M4 method, structure, creative, deep dives, advanced optimizations, and digging deeper into how to actually scale in this method, then you can click the link down in the description or go to school.com/facebook. We are the fastest growing e-commerce community with over 400 brands right now scaling of every shape and size, whether you are just starting out or you're an extremely advanced operator. We have people that are spending $100,000 a day and people that are spending their very first dollar on Meta Ads right now along with the live Q&As every single week where you can ask me any question and even if it's not the day of that live Q&A, you can ask me a question right now in the school community and guarantee an answer by the end of the day today. We're going to be setting a campaign budget and just for this example, I'm going to set my daily budget to $100 per day. It doesn't matter. This is just a placeholder. We're keeping our campaign bid strategy at highest volume or value and then we're not editing our budget scheduling. You should have here in your engaged audience, your add to cart 90 and your 30-day site visitor and then for your existing customers, anyone who's purchased over all time. Next thing is we're going to go into our ad set. Now, this is going to be pack number one. Every single time we launch a new pack, we're thinking about the avatar in that pack. So, we're grouping our ad concepts by avatar and by concept. So, in this case, I would name my pack number one and I would put my avatar name plus concept name. For my website location, I'm choosing website. For my performance goal, I have two choices here. Maximize number of conversions or maximize value of conversions. If everything you sell in your business is the same price, I would generally recommend number of conversions. If you require people to buy multiple times, meaning more items to the cart to get over the free shipping threshold, then you can choose value of conversions. In many cases, it's actually strategically positive to run both of these and have two separate campaigns, but that is a conversation that is way more complex. Next, we're selecting our correct data set and we're always choosing the conversion event, purchase. If you do not see the conversions API tag right here, be warned and go into your data set and make sure your conversions API is set up. We don't want duplicate data. We always want to be set up with the correct accurate data coming into the pixel. Without that, to be completely honest, you are doomed. The correct data into the pixel is so critical. So, you click purchase right here, and then you're going to have the prompted option to choose a ROAS goal. For now, we're not selecting that. If you chose max number of conversions here, you're going to see cost per result goal. We are not choosing that as well. Our attribution model is going to be standard, although there are times when incremental makes sense. We're going to choose standard for now, and then we're going to change our attribution setting to 7-day click, 1-day engaged, 1-day view. By the time you're watching this, the upcoming changes to engage view attribution are going to be more clear. They're going to be public to everyone. We have beta tested this in multiple accounts because we have early access, and I can confidently tell you that running 7-day, 1-day, 1-day is going to long-term be more beneficial, or at least give you the most amount of signals for your pixel. Next, we are on the budget and schedule section. The budget and schedule section here is different than it ever has been. We are actually going to be setting ad set spending limits. Now, if this is your first pack and your only pack, then you don't need to set a limit. The limit is actually only going to be applied when we're launching new packs moving forward. So, think about it like this. If I had pack number one avatar and concept, and I launched this this week, and then a couple weeks went by, and I launched new creatives, then it would be time for me to actually set an ad set spending limit. Now, because you're watching this, you're probably smart enough to actually understand that I don't need to duplicate a bunch of ad sets to show you one setting change, but all you need to know is that every time you launch a new pack, you're going to be setting an ad set spending limit typically equal to one time your target CPA. So, for this case, we're clicking set a minimum. We're choosing use dollar value, and we're setting our minimum equal to our target CPA. If you're only spending a little bit of money, then you might not have the flexibility to do this. This is going to be most applicable and most effective for businesses that are spending a lot. If you're spending a thousand dollars a day, two thousand, five thousand dollars a day, this is going to be particularly helpful to actually get the most amount of spend to your best ads while also testing a small amount on new ads that are running. Next, we're going down to our audience settings. Obviously, include all the locations that you can target, and I don't mind grouping these locations in one. For your minimum age, truly set this to your minimum age. Don't lie to Facebook. Don't put 21-plus if you actually aren't exclusively limited to 21-plus. In most cases, it's better to go broad and then narrow down later. Next, we go to exclude these custom audiences. This is very important. This changed recently in the new Facebook UI. This used to be something that was a suggestion. It's no longer a suggestion. If you exclude these audiences, as we can see from the info button here, any custom audiences added here will be excluded from the audience for this ad set. So, if we go back to our flowchart here, because right now the only thing we're focusing on is prospecting here, which are new customer acquisition, and then retention here, which is milking as much cash out of our existing customers. Here, in the prospecting campaign, we need to exclude everything here in the retention campaign. And we are excluding anyone all time who's purchased. So, this is going to be from a Clavio or a CRM list manually uploaded into Facebook, which you could also insert right here. In your audience settings, this is a small change that might have a big difference. Change your languages to the actual languages that your ads are written in. Do not allow your ads to be auto-translated into a bunch of different languages, especially if they don't apply to those languages. If everything you're doing is in English, do not allow all languages to be targeted. So, instead, if I was running English ads, I would choose English all, and then awkwardly I would type it again, and type it again, and I would choose English all, English UK, English US. In this next section here, this is where we could quote suggest an audience. This is the launchpad that Facebook works with. 99% of the time, I am leaving this blank. We could sit back and let this work from here. That is how we set up our ad set. There is nothing that we're doing on the placement side. We're just simply allowing Facebook to run wherever it wants. The analysis happens after we run the ads, not before. And we're not over optimizing, we're just having some control at the ad set level. So, we have our first ad set, our first pack created. Now, when we add new packs, new creatives, whenever they're available for us, all we're doing is we're duplicating the exact same ad set. We're changing this from pack one to pack two. We're including whatever unique avatar and concept we are launching here. And if you're launching iterations, then mention that it's iterations. We're keeping all of these settings exactly the same, and then we're launching the new ads inside of this new pack. Now, the next phase of this setup is interests. Interest groups follow a very similar function, except there's a small tweak. In this case, we're quickly duplicating our pack. We're changing this instead of from pack two to interest underscore winners. In the interest group, we are only running our best-performing ads over all time. Truly testing the interest, not testing the ads. So, in terms of our ad set settings, everything in the conversion block stays exactly the same. Our budget and schedule generally will not need an ad set minimum, cuz we're launching our best-performing ads. If you cannot get the interest to spend, don't be afraid to set an optional minimum spend here. And then when it comes to your audience, this is where things do in fact change. We're going to click further limit the reach of our ads, switch setup. You might have a couple of different toggles there. Just make sure you're always clicking further limit, further limit, further limit. We're then going to detail targeting. Describe your audience before. Don't worry, just go to use original options, and then go into here, and what you are doing is selecting a single interest target. You are not selecting a whole lot of targets, you're selecting a single interest, and you want it to be adjacent to your brand. For example, if I was Nike, I would not select Adidas. I would not select Reebok. I would not select Under Armour. Those are exactly the same as who I'm currently targeting. The point of an interest is to expand your audience. So, if I was Nike, what I would target instead is something like Range Rover because Range Rover is a different group of people, kind of like Nike likes to position as a luxury brand. Now, in time with this kind of a setup, you're going to notice you start to launch a lot of packs and you might find 30, 40, 50 active ad sets. Now, that is all fine if you're scaling the actual ad spend as you're launching new packs. But, if you're not scaling your ad spend and you're stuck at a specific ad spend or you don't even want to and you just want to get a slightly higher return on ad spend, then you're going to have to pause down certain ad sets and certain ads to maintain a good flow and allow the account to breathe. And the next stage of this is setting up your retention-based audience. This is an algorithm-friendly approach that gives you some control. And the reason it works so well is because it allows you to actually see where your ad spend is going so that when you increase your spend, you actually know if it's going to new customer acquisition and not being wasted on engaging existing customers that were likely to convert anyway. But, as you can imagine, not only is this strategy hard to implement, maintain, and grow, but it requires a whole lot of oversight. I'm not going to pretend this is the easiest strategy to run. But, the strategy that I just showed you is legitimately going to be rolled out for over 100 businesses that are on pace to spend over 75 million dollars in the next year. So, if you're a brand that's scaling and you actually want this implemented for you, then click the link down in the description or go to the moonlighters.com/apply. And if you're not the right fit to work with us today, then you could also go to school.com/facebook where I teach everything in slow motion along with live Q&As that you can access me anytime. And finally, if you don't want to pay for anything, then everything on this YouTube channel, including this video right here where I walk through my entire creative strategy, is 100% free. As always, I hope you got a ton of value out of this video, and I will see you very soon.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Brandolin-nl6ul [1 likes]: How does it not get affcted by fragmentation? I have tried running multiple ad sets under a CBO campaign. The campaigns fell apart because of the fragmentation (Our Ads competing witth our other ads)
  2. @paulomiguel20 [1 likes]: Can you make a video suggesting the best or a good way to spend a $100 daily budget?
  3. @SamPiliero: 👉 Work with me and my team: go.themoonlighters.com/apply-l151
👉 Join my coaching program: go.themoonlighters.com/skool-l151
  4. @Heiasat_Design_3D: WHAT ABOUT THE OVERLAPPING
  5. @Armaansway: Hey Sam, great video! Quick question on the Round 2 strategy (broad pack 2). If I'm using CBO and I add a new Round 2 ad set into the same campaign, won't that 'starve' my Round 1 winner of budget? How do you prevent the new ad set from stealing spend and disturbing the performance of the winner that's already working? and what about Starting the learning phase again, doing that won't start learning phase again for the 1st round version?
  6. @kanisshka5509: But why the scaling campaign gone?
  7. @ВанесаГеоргиева-р1о: Hi, I wanted to ask can we create an ABO ad campaign or it is necessary to be a a CBO?
  8. @igorevich2867: Thank you, Sam. You often break down ASC and CBO strategies. But what about cases where there are specific SKUs that have already proven their performance both with and without ads — meaning these SKUs sell well on their own?

If we follow your strategy and, for example, add 6 SKUs into ASC like I do, the budget gets heavily diluted, and only 1–3 creatives actually receive spend. This doesn’t really solve the goal of selling the truly strong models. Out of 6 products, only 1–2 will end up selling. What do you think?
  9. @pranavkrishnan7662: i am running on 3 ads for now, all diff concepts, should i add them to a new adset or keep them in one also wb image ads?
all image ads in one adset or mix with video?
  10. @yahoyaho92: This is so much helping me! Thank you so very much! 

I have a quick question.
You mentioned that you can maintain ad-sets as long as they are above the certain level of ROAS. 
What about individual ads in ad-sets? Can I turn them off if they do not perform well in good performing ad-sets?
  11. @meuplanob9601: So, in this new approach, you no longer create an "Engaged" campaign?
I remember excluding engaged leads from the last 30 or 90 days during the "prospecting" phase.
  12. @ggcrp6068: Will the ad account time zone (UK) cause any issues when running ads in the US market
  13. @Icontrading-u2g: Do you start with CBO and not ABO?
  14. @Ahfdh-o4v: Is the main difference from before that the first ad group doesn’t include any audience interests or similar criteria? Also, I don’t understand why we’re using the minimum budget instead of the maximum budget for the test ad group. If the minimum budget isn’t fully spent, isn’t that money wasted? Using the maximum budget would essentially set a fixed testing budget for the group.
  15. @michaeltrumbull3769: Sam - Thanks for the updates here - these have been very helpful. In the M3 strategy, within your prospecting CBO you had previous EXCLUDED ATC 90 and Site Visitor 30. Are you saying with the new updates, those exclusions should be removed, and only Existing customers (List + Purchasers 180) should be listed as excluded audiences? So we are going to let meta run a split and hybrid new / retargeting campaign? And does this apply down thru the scale campaign (seeing scale as optional at this point too). Let me know if the above sounds right. Cheers
  16. @MartinBenesCreative: This video was published in march 2026. Why in your vidoe it says that some upcoming changes will be available in August 2025? Feels like meta is broken again even right now in front of your eyes.
  17. @libertariancountry: You do creative testing in CBO? hmm. I use ABO. Is that bad?
  18. @basharbagdad3978: So on testing faze its not ABO? I thought testing faze its with ABO and when scaling its for CBO..?
  19. @magdalenaheronczaplicka6865: I tested different creatives, concept etc, but still my Best percorming are catalog based ones (collection and carousel). I keep them in one ad set together with static and wonder of it is better to have them separate (am affraid to change)
  20. @chaseclingman: would love a video going over your process on uploading video ads. What advantage+ enhancements you enable, how many primary text, headlines, etc., enable/disable website highlights, enabling 'instagram shop' & product catalog, etc.

Example for 1 product stores and multi product

- WARNING Don't Make These Facebook Ads Mistakes in 2026: Kind: captions Language: en Who do I select? From here, I selected fitness and wellness from entertainment. Then I'll select something from here, from Interest to Behavior. That means we have to do these things according to our product category. Do you understand ? Otherwise, when you select too many, your audience will narrow down. In the Narrows. When you select more, it will narrow down. Pretty much okay. When you select more, you will come to your narrow here. We'll keep it this way for now. From here, we select the audience. After selecting the audience, we will go down. I'm going down. I will get a placement here after going down. Placement. I mean, I have an ad campaign, where will it be placed? Where will it be placed on Facebook? This thing has to be given here. This is where we will come to this advantage placement. I will click on edit. What is provided now is automatic. Facebook will place it however it wants. You can keep this too if you want. Again, you can do it manually if you want. Now when will you do it manually? When to take Advantage? Advantage means you are connected to Facebook. Ads will be posted from here on all types of platforms. Now suppose you don't have Instagram connected to Facebook. Your thread is not connected. So if you give advantage, will it be profit or loss ? Say it out loud, what will happen? There will be profit. Since Facebook will automatically deduct the dollar. When your Instagram threads are not aligned with Facebook, you will manually place the placements. When you manually place the placement, you will see that you do not have any threads with this page. That's why the threads are n't showing. When you automatically give it, the ad will go everywhere, including WhatsApp Threads, all types of networks, platforms, and Facebook. I'm not needed everywhere or I don't have connections. That's why we will give the menu. I gave it. After giving it here, we came to NEXT. After Next came out, we are here again asking for odd names. Whatever is in the name will remain. We don't have to change. Then from here you have an option here, partnership add.

- These 9 Facebook Ads Creative Mistakes Kill Your ROAS: Kind: captions Language: en After spending over 88 million on ads and auditing hundreds of accounts, we've seen everything. You'd be surprised how many brands still make these rookie mistakes. So, today we're going back to creative basics. Let's start. First, going to talk about formatting options. The formatting options are super important because they limit the amount of positions your ad can be displayed at. with that, your ad cost might go up if you have less options because the more options you have to show your ad, the better CPMs you'll get. It doesn't necessarily always mean this, but these are some rules that we follow because we tend to work with higher spending accounts. So, even these small percentages that might not be a big deal when you're spending a couple of thousand a day. Adds up quite a bit when you're spending 50 to 100k a day because everything is mobile first. I like to optimize everything for a square one by one. That way, we have the most placements as an option. But as well because we do have an option of uploading secondary versions of that same creative, we also like to make a 4x5 so we can cover better landscape videos. And the reason why we do that is so those videos don't get cut off. When it comes to duration, length is technically 240 minutes. Practically, you're never going to use that. So I'm going to talk about things that I like to use in practice and not the things that are limited by the platform. Generally with the length of the videos, I like to have almost all of my videos at 59 seconds or less because that way I have the most option in showing that ad and that is going to give me the best prices. With 1 minute I have enough time to have 5 seconds for an intro and hook, 10, 15 seconds to build a rapport, showing explaining the problem that we understand the customer, explaining how the product works, showing them some happy customers, and then having a call to action and giving them some kind of incentive for them to click. You can always do a longer version, but when you're doing the Trojan horse strategy, you're completely fine with adding like 30 to 60 seconds of pure value and then adding 15 seconds at the start to the end for the intro and call to action. When you're building out the script, I also like to have a trimmed down version that's 30 seconds. So, you might not show all of the elements that you used at the 59 second version, but still this shorter version might end up being the thing that people have enough patience to watch until the end, and that ends up being better. When it comes to the 15-second version, depending on the type of the product you're selling, you can still run the 15-second for prospecting. Even if you can explain the value or give them a good call to action that is self-explanatory in that 15-second time frame, that's going to be ideal. But in most cases, if you're selling a service that is a little bit complex, just 15 seconds is not going to cut it. But it is really good to have that as an option for remarketing because you can achieve top of mind by just hitting them with a couple of really specific words that you know they're going to remember. Awesome. So, if you like this video so far, please drop a like and subscribe. In the case that you would like us to look at how we could help you figure out an ad or you're not sure how to use some of these scripts for your business, go to digital rockets.com and apply for the no waste audit. We'll break down your entire funnel, website tracking, CRO, UX, meta and Google ads, emails, everything. You'll see exactly where you're leaking money and what's blocking your growth. It's fully guaranteed. So, if you don't get any value, you don't pay. As simple as that. I wanted to give you some practical tips that I just see people that are maybe new in digital marketing or don't have as much experience make the same mistakes over and over again. It it can cost you money or it can just cost you a lot of time. The first thing I would like to say is that when you're building a thumbnail or any other type of ad, you really need to think about your target customer. The size of your text and the quantity of the text is going to play a big role. Just because you can add a lot of text doesn't mean you should because I often see cluttered ads that you cannot read even and that's one of the biggest problems because you are paying for people to see that ad and if they cannot read what it says on it because you added too much text and it's too small, you have a problem. So that's one of the core things I would look at first. So the second thing that we've noticed in a lot of different accounts is that they don't differentiate between if the target audience they're going for is like 50 60 or 2030. Most of the time that we analyze the ads, everybody kind of keeps the font size the same. We have three or four different accounts that are hitting specifically people over 55 and we use big ass fonts. Why? Because people need to be able to read it without glasses. So you need to have a logic and merit behind every single small thing you do. Every single small inch and every pixel is important. So, if you don't think about everything, you're just going to waste a lot of time and a lot of potential customers. Then adding your logo. I often see people adding their logo to the video, to the image, to whatever. Don't forget on every ad, you have the name of the page, which is already usually the logo. So, if you add another logo, you have the name of the website on the bottom. You have the logo on the video, and then another logo at the page name. So, it's ridiculous. Don't stress about branding and stuff like that. It's an ad. Don't brand your ads, especially if you're a small business. it's you're not that relevant. Then when it comes to building videos, people just put whatever thumbnail they want. I know that a lot of people have autoplay, but still those thumbnails can make a big difference in the amount of people that click. So developing thumbnails, figuring out what's going to have a good click rate is going to be super important. And if you just spend all your time recording videos and cry about how nobody's buying, it's probably because nobody's actually watching. Audio quality is the next thing. Now, the main thing is you want to have something that people can hear proper, clear, easy to hear through a shitty mobile phone speaker system. If you don't have that, people are just not going to be able to hear you and it's not going to work out cuz they cannot accept the message you're sending. Now, with that, the next thing I would look at is captions. Most people, they either have audio on or they don't have it completely on. Even though you have to have good audio quality, still a lot of people, 95% of them are not going to have audio. So when you're doing your ads, you need to add captions. And as you saw, all of our ads have big captions on it because most people are either on their commute to work or at their job or somewhere where they cannot actually listen to. So that's one of the things you need to think about. And with that, additionally, you need to think about the caption size. You can use the caption size differently compared to what they said with the text size. You can make some words bigger, smaller, different colors. So you can make sure that the person even though they might even not be reading the captions fully, they still read the specific words you want them to read. This is a really good practice for you to guide the eyes of the viewer when they're looking at your ads because having the control over where their eye focuses is going to be a massive skill for you when it comes to developing ads that actually convert. And number eight, being just too salesy. A lot of people are feeling comfortable in front of the camera and don't know how to act and think that they have to bring this cosmic energy back to life. And I just think that that's kind of Really, the simplest thing is you need to talk to somebody like you usually do at work. If you help them, consult them, just do that with the camera and do that on the ad. People simply are going to give you money if you're going to give them something of value and if something that is worth their money. So, the fact that you're selling something already has to have that included. Otherwise, I see people kind of feeling bad when recording ads or feeling bad that they're asking for money from their users. I just think that that's completely wrong and you have to have a good pitch, but not too salesy that people are put off by it. The last couple of things I see people often forgetting is to have a call to action. I like to have a couple of them. It's usually, let's say, two, maybe three and a 60-second ad. So depending on what you're selling and how long the call to action is, you can fit in two, maybe three, add a minimum one. But I often see people forgetting to add that in ads. And the last thing I like to add is urgency. So for example, if you're selling a limited service where you cannot have a,000 clients, you're only limited to like 20 in capacity, you can mention that in ads. So giving them a call to action. Please apply. Now we're only limited to 20 slots. We operate by first come, first serve basis, something like that. because that is going to then instinctively give the person that's actually interested a drive to do the action you require from them as fast as they can. Thank you so much for watching. If you have any questions, leave them in the comments. And if you have a business that's running ads, we can go in and do a full business audit, find any bottlenecks or profit leaks, and give you a road map on how to solve all of them. The link is below. Thank you for watching.

- 2 Facebook Ads Mistake by Business Owners - Must Avoid: Kind: captions Language: en Many businesses make mistakes. They think that friend, I just have to pay the money and in return I want an inquiry. If these two requirements are not met, you cannot run Meta Pay Ad. But if something happens or there is a fight that he does not transfer then hello. Today I will talk about the two mistakes that business owners make on Meta Ads, which later lead to upsourcing and some loss to the business. So whenever you run an ad on Meta Pay or Facebook, there are two minimum requirements. One thing that happens is that your ad account is created there. From where you manage ads. Where you upload the creative, write something and then show it to the user. Where you also have to deposit money and Meta charges you from there. He is an ad manager. And ads are visible from the Ad Manager only if you have a Facebook page. Because the ad that is displayed is seen by the user only through the Facebook page. If these two requirements are not met then you cannot run Meta Pay Ad. And suppose every 2 years you have to create a new page or a new ad manager account and everything old disappears. Meaning, whatever growth you might have done in 2 years, you must have gained a lot of followers on your Facebook page. There will be a lot of data in your ad account about customers, clicks , impressions, CPC, all of that will disappear. So this will cause loss. Because you have to start again. Here, many businesses make a mistake; they think that I just have to pay the money and in return I want an inquiry. Need a lead. So they hire someone and tell him, brother, take money from me and promote me on Meta. Now I need to keep the leads coming. What he does is that he himself creates a Facebook page in the name of your company, creates a manager and takes money from you and puts it in it and runs it. You get a lead and both of you work very well. There is no problem. But after some time, due to some reason, your relationship with that person gets spoiled or that person goes away somewhere or you want to change, then what will happen ? Now if you do not have a Facebook page or do not have Ad Manager access, then if you go to another company, you will have to create it again. Again, you will need to create a Facebook page. You will need to create an Ad Manager account. Many times it happens that the agency which is a freelancer transfers the ownership to you. But if something happens , if there is a fight that they do not transfer, then you get a useless headache. You have a disturbance. So it is important that whenever you want to promote your business on Meta, you create a Facebook page from your profile itself. Create an Ad Manager account. A single Facebook profile creates both. And whoever you want to get the work done from, add him as a user because he will be your employee. Will work like an employee. So invite him, create a user and deposit the money yourself. His job will be to manage your campaign for you. The advantage of this will be that even if you fire him tomorrow, then some new agency or new person can be added as a user and he can continue from there and your entire property and data remains with you. Whatever number of followers there are, whatever performance report there is in the ad account of the Facebook page, everything is good. So it is easy to start any agency from there and you also get continuity of results because if you start again then there is a learning curve. There will be a lot of gapping in it. Money will be spent and the continuity of the lead will also be stopped. It will get disturbed. So these were both the mistakes. Firstly, you should keep your profile on Facebook page. Maintain a manager account and allow others to work by adding them as a user or as an employee. Thank you.

- Facebook Ads Mistakes Beginners Must Avoid | Biggest Facebook Ads Mistakes In 2026 | Facebook Ads: Kind: captions Language: en Ah friends, what things should you keep in mind before running Facebook ads ? Friends, you must have made these mistakes at some point of time, what did you do? I saw someone's video on YouTube on how to run ads. You saw that video. What did you do after watching that video? What did you basically do quickly? You created a campaign and after creating the campaign, when your ads ran and when leads came, there was a huge difference. Then you felt that the meta ads from here are useless. There is no lead coming from here. According to what was told in the video, neither did I get CPC nor did I get the result because of that and you feel that brother, your Meta Ads are useless. It's none of my business and after that you do n't even think about running meta ads. So here, what I think is the biggest mistake, basically, is what did you do? You have learned how to run ads but the biggest mistake here is in the strategy. Ok? So in today's video I will tell you in detail what things you should keep in mind. Ok? So I'm basically back on my computer screen. Ok? After coming on the computer screen, as friends I told you, brother look what you have done? Went to YouTube. After going to YouTube, you watched a video. After watching the video you run the ad. Ok? So brother, what is the main problem here? What is the main problem? You know how to run an ad. Ok? But the main problem, brother, is the strategy, which is the biggest problem. For example, suppose I made a video. Ok ? I made a video on how to run an aids for loan company. Ok ? Or loan. Ok? How can you generate maximum inquiries for the loan? I made a video on this topic. Now what did you do that you saw that video brother and what did you do after watching it? Made a similar ad. Ok? Now when you made the ad, like for example, which I had told in the video, for example, I had told about Delhi. Ok? Now the ad you are running, for example, you are in some village of UP. Ok? So when I told you the things, I told them according to the location of Delhi because what things would be there in the strategy here, like for example, I run ads in Delhi, so you would also know that brother, there are many people taking loans in Delhi or metro cities. But if I talk about it, according to that the number of people in the village is less. Ok? So here you will see a lot of difference in the results. But brother, the same steps have to be followed. 70% of the steps are the same as how to run ads. Ok? But you will get different results. So what you have to do from here is that you have to apply your strategy and logic, like for example, suppose if I run one in Delhi. Ok? And let me take any village. Ok? Took some village of UP. So if you see there, for example, the people taking loan in Delhi, for example, the loan is Rs 10 lakh. Ok ? Let us assume that a scenario is correct and in a village, let us assume that there are 500 people taking loans. So brother, there will be a difference in the result. So now here I have set your expectation that brother, like I showed an ad on how to run ads for loan. So here I have shown that brother, my CPC is coming for example ₹100 or my CPL is coming ₹100. Now what you have seen is that brother, in the location of your village, if the number of people taking loan is only ₹00, then brother, there will be a difference in CPC there also. So there you should not expect that brother, whatever videos my sir showed me, I am getting ₹100 CPL and here where I am running my ad, I am getting ₹200 CPL. Ok? So you don't have to get demotivated from there. You also have to follow your logic, your mind and your strategy. You basically have to act according to where you are running your ads. Ok? Seconds that I have seen what mistake friends ? The second mistake I have seen here is what happens to people, that my ad should run quickly. Brother, will you do it by running ads? Do you want to waste money ? If you want to waste money then spend it anyway. Ok? So the second mistake that people make, which I have often seen, is that they are in a hurry to run the ad. So the biggest mistake I have seen there is weak creativity. Ok? Creatives make mistakes. Ok? what do people do ? In order to run the ad quickly, I created a dirty photo using Canva and after creating it using Canva, I ran the ad. Ok? Brother, what are you doing? Do you want to waste your money ? If you want to waste your money then it is right. There is no mistake in this. But if you want to get results through Meta Ads, then you can either hire a graphic designer and get a good graphic made or what you can do is get a UGC video made. Like get video ads made for yourself so that the video should be catchy. When your video is catchy, then what will you have? Now look at what is inside Meta, brother, since the update of Endometa has come, Facebook has focused more on your creative than targeting, now the creative should also be engaging, Meta also wants that the user who comes to its platform should stay after watching that video and the more the user stays on Meta's platform, the more Facebook will promote your things, so make sure that your creative should be well and good. Whatever your name is in a creative, you may put it on a suit for one day, two days, or even three days, but your ad creative should be excellent. It should n't be your fault. And ad creative will depend on multiple factors. For example, if I talk about, let's assume that if you have to target according to your city, then UGC video will be made according to the city. If you want to make videos according to the village, then it will be made according to that. So what product are you selling according to your videos and your service ? According to what service you are selling, your UGC video or ad creative, if you want to run image ad then you have to run image ad accordingly. Ok? Now what I have seen in this is that most of the people make another mistake. The mistake they make is that they assume they have to create something creative. Ok? Or basically if I talk about making a video of UGC. Ok? So they adopt two methods. Or while scrolling through the reel, they see a video and think, brother, this is good. This is good for me. I make it according to this. Now, the main issue that we have seen here is that what beginners do is that let's say they have to run an ad on a starting basis, so what they basically do is that they basically create their own ad creative. Ok? From self to in the sense that either they go to cva etc. Ok? You can make it using Canva or you can create a website called Poster My Wall. What do you basically do from there ? They create their own creative. Ok? Now when they make the creative, then let's assume what your competitor has done basically, their graphic is very good and what did you do that in order to save money you made it yourself, then brother, the result that you will get to see there will be a huge difference, so what should you do here even if you have less money, brother, let's assume that if you are thinking of investing ₹1000 or ₹5000 on an ad, then you need to ask yourself a question. Should I not make a good creative by paying ₹200-₹300, that instead of wasting ₹5000, if I spend ₹3000-₹300 on the ad creative, it would be better. So basically, on a starting basis, you cannot just go and pick it up from Canva and create it. You should go to a designer and get it made from them so that you can spend ₹5000 here, right? You can invest that remaining ₹300 with a designer. Ok? Now let's assume that what you did was that brother, you also implemented the strategy correctly. You also made your creative good. Ok? And what did you do according to the Facebook algorithm, brother, you allowed the campaign to run for one week, which is basically their learning period. Ok? Now the story comes here, let's assume that you got the lead. Ok? Basically, if I talk about the system of follow ups after getting the lead. Let's say what you did was generate 100 leads. Ok? Now here basically you also have to understand what product you are selling? Are you selling services ? This also has to be understood. For example, suppose that basically you do not get demotivated. For example, suppose what you did just now is that 100 leads came to you. Ok? Now let us assume that these leads were related to the loan. For example. Ok? Now we will also have to see whether this was your personal loan, business loan, loan against property. So brother, here if I talk about 100 leads coming, for example, if someone is a personal loan user, then let's assume that out of 100, 30 were interested users. Ok? Now, there will be many such users who will not have documentation related to documentation or it will not be verified, yours will be removed. Ok? Or if I talk about someone needing a business loan, then there too there are documentation issues. So, if there, let's assume you get 100 leads, then out of 100 leads, if even five to seven of your leads are getting closed, then you are running very good ads because your basically ticket size is very high and now here many people think that brother, what is it, I have done follow ups only once and after doing follow ups, my lead will get closed and according to this expectation, they expect that brother, my lead will get closed quickly and in this pursuit of closing, when those things are not closed, they basically get demotivated. Ok? So you don't need to get demotivated. You have to understand your product, you have to understand the service, what ticket size of service are you selling. And you have to explain these things to your client also. Many times the client says, hey friend, I got the ad run. After two days he says, hey friend, none of my leads are getting closed. How will things work like this? You also become panicky. You also get upset. You also feel that no results are coming from Meta Ads. My client is getting worse. So the thing that you have to understand here is that you will have to explain it to the client very well that brother, Meta Ads is not like that brother, pick up any person and take this, he is the lead. Meta AIDS Basically if I talk about it there is a system. You explain everything to Meta Ads that I have to show the ad to such and such user. That's his only job. After that it is manpower work. It's your team's job. Your sales team's job is to close these leads. So if you are carrying such expectations that brother, I will get 100 leads and out of 100, I will convert 30-40, then this does not happen. Yes, if I talk about your ticket size being small, let's say ₹500 or ₹1000, then it can happen in that condition. But if your ticket size is too big then brother, do not expect this at all. Let's assume that you are taking a loan etc. Brother, if you are closing even 10 out of 100, then you are doing a very good job. Friends, if you want to get any information related to Meta Ads, or want to ask something, then you can comment below and if you want a video on any topic, then we can make a video on that too. So I hope you liked this video. If you like the video, please like it, subscribe to the channel and we will meet in the next video.

- Full Facebook Ads Course for Dropshipping 2026: Kind: captions Language: en Welcome to the only video you will ever need to watch on Facebook ads. Today, I'm going to give you a full course for completely free on how to start Facebook advertising for drop shipping in 2026. We're going to go from complete beginner to as advanced as it possibly gets where you can scale past $10,000 a day. We're also going to be looking inside of my very own ad accounts, teaching you exactly how I scale and actually make money with the ads. And I'm also going to drag you through how to set up your first ad. If you have searched how to run Facebook or meta ads on YouTube, you're [music] at the right place. Over the past 6 years, I've documented my journey with e-commerce and Facebook ads. I started advertising on Facebook at the age of 17. I am currently 24. Here is one of the stores I'm operating at the moment, which did over $6.6,000 in revenue the last day. And obviously, I'm going to show you one of my best days, which was December the 25th. I'm even going to show the session. You can see it's legit conversion rate. And here's the story of one of my students that I coach. We started this product uh the 20th of November. or something like that. Instantly scale to 2.6K a day, straight up to 10K a day. He's now doing like 5 6 to 10K a day consistently. And all of this you're going to learn today for completely free. So, welcome to my complete Facebook ads guide for 2026. After today, you will be confident navigating Meta. You will learn how to launch your first campaign step by step with me by your side. You will learn how to scale to your first one to $3,000 a day. And for the advanced people, I got you as well. I'm going to teach you how I scale past 10K a day consistently. The method I'm going to teach you today is stupidly simple, believe it or not, and I've used it to scale past $40,000 a day on Black Friday last year. This guide is designed for drop shipping/ e-commerce, but it applies to anyone running Facebook ads. This course is for everyone. Now, I know you want to learn how to set up the ads, but you have to watch this entire video step by step. Here are three things you need before running your first ads. Facebook pixel installed and that can easily be done by going into Shopify and then you want to go over here to where it says search. You want to search up meta as I have written right down here and you want to download the app you see here Facebook and Instagram. After that you will just fill in your information and login step by step. You're not going to need any guide on this. This is going to be very straightforward and take you just 1 minute. Second thing you need is to have your creatives ready, your video ads, your photo ads. Prepare a few creatives you believe in. Maybe you can have three to five videos and three to four photos. In general, 10 to 15 pieces of content is going to give you a very good kickstarting face. Now, ideally, you want to have $250 plus to start Facebook ads. But if you're just out here to learn, you can start with $100 and add more as you go. Simple. You need a little bit of money. So, you can use a credit card or debit card. If you don't have any money, you can rob a bank. You can put your girlfriend on only fans. Whatever it takes for you. Now, here are four things that goes into making a successful campaign. In a second, I will show it to you. Number one is the product. I hate to break it to you, but a good ad will never sell a bad product. So, you need to make sure that the product you're selling actually has demand in the market. If you watch my guides on product research, you will be good to go. Now, the second thing you need is your marketing angle, your approach, which goes handinhand with number four here, your audience. Who do you target? You need a clear avatar before you start because number three, your creatives here, which is the third thing that goes into a winning campaign, which also is by far the most important thing on Facebook. Well, your audience have to fit your creatives. So, pick out an exact person that you're going to call out, okay, and make your ads towards them. This is not a video on how to make video ads. I have guides on that. This is a video on how to run ads. So, let's get into the campaign structure. Okay? Now, I understand you don't get what this means, but you will see in just 30 seconds. If you understand this though, Facebook ad setup looks like this. You're going to run one campaign. You're going to have one adset. The event is going to be purchase. You're going to schedule them to 6:00 in the morning. Audience will be advantage plus. So, everything is going to be running broad. And for your creatives, 10 to 15 videos or 10 videos, four pictures. It doesn't have to be exact. $50 a day is going to be your campaign budget. That doesn't mean you have to spend 50 every day, but that's going to be the budget you will spend for testing. So, now it's time for me to show you every step from beginner to expert. And even if you are an expert, you will still learn how to scale your ads the most advanced way to surpass $10,000 a day towards the end of this training. So, let's start by launching your first campaign. So, when you first come inside your Facebook Ads Manager, it's going to look something like this. I'm going to show you what all of this means. But first, let's start by setting up your campaign. So, create the green button here. We're going to go for sales. You can also optimize for awareness, traffic, all of that. If you want to make money with Facebook ads, just follow what I teach. Works for everyone I work with. So, continue with sales. Then here, you can call your campaign whatever you want to sell. So, let's say we're selling socks. Call the campaign socks. It doesn't matter. It's a name. For your budget, just like the PowerPoint said, we're going to go with $50 a day. Okay? Just for your first day. You don't have to mess with any of these categories. Only going to do what I say. So, $50 a day. Name your campaign. We're going to go next. Now, this is your ad set here. You want to go for conversion events, okay? And you want to optimize for purchase. This will show up after connecting your pixel. Okay? And by the way, you can set up your ads with me right now. So, we're going to ignore all of this. It's not relevant. We're going to schedule till 6:00 in the morning of whatever country we're selling to. You can do 12, you can do three. I just found six to be usually the best. For country, you can come down here, you can edit, and then you can start adding in your own country. So we can put United Kingdom, we can put United States. You can even put in worldwide and then you can switch from include to exclude and exclude a bunch of countries. But best for you is usually target US only or UK only or Australia only. If you want cheap traffic, you target Australia or UK. If you want a bit more expensive but also good traffic, you target US. Saturated products, maybe best to go UK or Australia. Untapped and new products may be best to go with US. This is up to you. Here, you don't have to mess with any of this. We're going to keep it all broad. It's super easy to set up ads on Facebook. Now, what's more hard is making serious money. And when you come here, you want to select single image or video. This is actually where you upload your ad. You want to put in the link of your website. I'm just going to do netflix.com cuz I'm not running ads at the moment. Then you come to setup creative. You're going to choose video or image. This is up to you. I'm obviously going to choose a video. So, we're going to go next. Inside of here, Facebook will let you upload. So, you can upload whatever video you want to go with. I'm just going to go with an old video ad I made ages ago, which by the way is not very good. It was just for an example. It is a thing that helps with clogged pipes. Okay. So, we're just going to go next. And then for the text, we're going to come up with some compelling headlines for this. Use chat GPT. Say, I'm selling a pipe unclogger. I need a headline for Facebook. Headline for me is going to be unclog your pipes in seconds. Okay. And then primary text is going to be description of your products. Okay. So that can be something like constant clogged pipes. So the X is going to be emoji uh suffering with leaves stuck and then it can be a check mark sold today with pipe un clogger 50% off. Something like that is going to be relatively decent. Okay, switch learn more here to shop now cuz your goal is sales. Go next. You can ignore all of this. And just like that, your ad is completed. This is how it's going to look on Facebook. Now the next thing you're going to do now is we're going to add your other ads. So remember I said that you need a 10. Well, what you're going to do then is come here and click duplicate on your ad. Okay, so not your adset, not your campaign, on your ad. Duplicate. Okay, we're going to duplicate this. I'm just going to do three. Okay, but you if you have 10 videos, you're going to do 10. Duplicate for as many videos as you have. So, just go next, duplicate. Okay, what we're going to do now, very simple. We're just going to fill in our next videos. Okay, so we're going to come down here to add creative. We're going to change the video uh to whatever we have. So, let's just say, okay, I'm also going to be running this video. You see here, I have a couple of different videos for the same product. I'm going to just go ahead and skip through everything. Add my next video. Now, we have two videos up for this product, right? And I'm going to fill in this one. I'm going to go once again, change the video. Come back. I'm going to add yet another video for my product. And at this point, we have added three videos. Now, all of these three are different. And then you come in here to fill in your final video. And just like that, we have set up our first Facebook campaign with four creatives, four videos. They are all different. As you can see, they all follow the same text, which is here. What's important is your creative, not really your text. If this speaks to the audience, it's most likely going to sell. Link to your Shopify store, straight to the product page, and your customers will come in. So, this is exactly how your test campaign is going to look. One campaign, one adset, and inside the adset, you have all your creatives. And like I said, usually you would have around 10. The more you have here, the better. But your limit is going to be 15. Otherwise, it will be too much to carry for a $50 budget. Let me now go into one of my other accounts to show you how to analyze your ads. Here is a test campaign where we did exactly the same just with eight creatives. The things you want to pay attention to is obviously your amount spent, which you can see right here. 500 spent on this one. Don't let it go that long if it's not working. But the key metrics on Facebook is obviously purchase. It's your amount spent. Okay? And then here is a very important metric, rorowaz. Okay? If our rorowaz here is 2.3, that means that for every dollar we spend, we make 2.3 back. Okay, so if your rorowass is 10, that means $1 spent makes you 10 back. Now, obviously, this account is in negative, but we are running a subscriptionbased model. So, actually, we're super profitable. Ignore the rorowass here. There's two more metrics you need. So, you want to come up here to columns. You want to click customize columns. And you want to add in these metrics, CTR, and then you want to add in CPC. Don't make your life's decision around these. What really matters is rorowass and sales. But these two metrics shows you something very important. The CPC shows you the cost per click. How much are we paying to get a visitor? So, this one is actually very good. We're spending 0.62 to get a visitor on our site. Now, this one is quite expensive. We're spending 1.6 to get a visitor, but it has gotten a sale, so I'm going to keep it on. If you have adsets with this, like $3, maybe two, it's very expensive. you might consider cutting them. And then the next metric is the clickthrough rate. The percentage of people that sees your ad that clicks. Usually just want to have this above 2%, ideally above 2.5, but don't obsess over the metrics. At the end of the day, what really matters is just that you're spending on your ads and if they are making sales. But your clicks should never cost more than $1.5. If you sell in US, maybe 1.8, that is the limit. Now, with this setup, you're going to let your ads run for 24 hours. But how do you analyze a test once 24 hours has passed? Well, the first scenario is you made zero sales and you spend $50 or more on ads. Or if you want to continue, which you should, you can cut the campaign and relaunch new videos, repeat a new test, and if it fails, cut the product and move on. Let me show you what that means in practice. It means turning off your bad videos. So, let's say that these aren't performing, we can turn them off. We can also go ahead and just edit the bad ones. So, you can go through all these videos on the left here and swap them out. any bad video doesn't perform, swap them out for another, let it run another 12 hours, and expect better result. Now, if after a test, you make one sale, leave it running another 24 hours, and like I said, swap out the bad videos, which I just show you how to do. The third scenario, which is really ideal, is that you make two to three sales, then just repeat the one above and let it run. So, still, you're going to swap out different videos. You're also going to let the good performing ones keep running. And the fourth scenario, which by the way, if it takes you two days to get to this or three, that's not a problem at all. You don't have to reach this one your first day. The fourth scenario is 3 to five sales. And if that's the case, you're going to scale to the moon and we're going to get rich. So, let me teach you how to scale to one to 3K a day for beginners. And after that, I'm also going to teach you how to scale to 10K plus a day for the pros. So, when you're drop shipping, you usually have a test campaign running on the site. That can be this one, for example, at $60 a day. You're going to just have one adset inside of it. Okay, this is your test campaign that we just set up. inside of your test campaign, you're basically just testing a bunch of videos, right? Just like I told you, if some don't perform good, you simply just turn them off, you swap them for new ones, right? So, your test campaign is going to run at like 50 to once you're really getting involved to $100 a day. And in your test campaign, you're going to find all the good performing creatives. So, let's just go ahead and sort by results. We have two winning creatives. Our winning creatives are going to be brought into a scaling campaign. So the whole point of this campaign is to find winning creatives that will bring into our big scaling campaign. So let's say your testing campaign is now finding a couple of good videos. So three of them has made a sale for example like these three. You're going to duplicate that. Okay, into a new campaign and this is going to be your champion campaign. Okay, scaling campaign where you're actually going to be making money and we can just call I don't know that. So it doesn't really matter. We're going to take our winning videos and pictures. Okay, into a campaign. Now come to the campaign level here on the left side. Okay, go campaign budget. And for every winning creative we add, we're going to go with $50. So since we have three good videos, I'm going to go $150 and I'm going to publish it. And your goal now is to keep this campaign on the side, which what do we do in here? Remember, testing videos, swapping out the bad ones. We're then going to take all the new videos that perform, let's say these are performing, and we're going to duplicate them into our existing campaign, which is our scaling campaign. And every time we find winning creators, we put them into that campaign and give the campaign another $50 for each creator. Let me just delete that really quick because I'm not running it. How do you scale to a,000 plus dollars a day? Let's just say that this is a testing campaign, which it actually kind of is. The first thing you do in your scaling campaign is you start pushing the budgets. Okay? Pay close attention to your cost per purchase and make sure it fits your margin. How much do you spend to actually make a sale? But assuming you're somewhat profitable or even breaking even, start by pushing the budget up a bit every day. So if you're sitting at $50 a day, you push the first day to 60. Then you push the next day 80, the day after 100, 125, 150, 200, 250, 300, and so goes on. Gradually increase your budget like 20% every day until you hit a ceiling where you crash. If that happens, you scale down little. So, this campaign used to sit at like just $100 a day, but we gradually managed to get more creatives into it. So, now, as you can see, we have multiple different ones that's working for us. We gradually started increasing the budget while keeping our test campaign on the side to find more creatives. Scaling is only about finding winning videos and putting the budget as high as possible. Now, let me show you how to scale to 10K plus a day, though, for the pros. And this strategy is stupid, but it works. Now, every adset you have that's performing good, we're going to go ahead and duplicate into new campaigns. So, let's say that you have an adset, okay, here that's doing good. So, that will typically be like five sales or more. If you have five sales or more, do this. You're going to duplicate that winning adset. So, come here and duplicate. And you're going to click obviously original setup. You're going to duplicate it five times, okay? Into a new campaign. And you just call it whatever you want. That's up to you. Every single adset that's winning, you duplicate five times into a new campaign. You put the budget to $50 a day. And you just go ahead and publish it. So now your new campaign looks like this with your five adsets. We're basically just copying what works, horizontal scaling it five times into a new campaign. It's stupid, but it works perfectly fine. And then if your future campaign now one of these work, you duplicate that one five times over again into a new campaign. So eventually you have like 50 different campaigns. And then on the side, what do you do? You keep bringing the budget up. So if this one is making sales, you put it to 60, 80, 100. And every time you have something at three sales, so that will be for example, let's say this one is at three sales, you once again duplicate it three times into a new campaign. You horizontal scale each one of your adset is basically a soldier to you that's making you money. You put that into a new campaign and you just run up the budget. But let me show you how to make a killer campaign. You're going to go to your ad account. You're going to go to your ad account and find all your best performing creatives. My Facebook is bugging out so I can But let's just say that I have these creatives and that they are all performing super good. So these are 10. They're all performing good. I'm just going to duplicate them into like a moon campaign. Okay, so new campaign. We have 10 creatives. You you duplicate all your winning creatives into one campaign. You just run the budget so high, man. And I want to add one more thing. Every day I'm testing like 10 new videos. This is very important. If you want your ads to be consistent and work for long and also scale high, test like 10 new creatives every day. Find from your competitors and use. Use AI to generate creatives. You want to never rely on only one video. You want to get more out every day. So testing campaign on the side and then all the winning creatives into another campaign where you run the budget high and higher every day and you reach new milestones in your business. Now back to something more beginner friendly. Okay. What can be the reasons you're not selling? If some things don't make sense to you, it still goes into the subconscious mind. So in the future it will make sense. We're all at different stages, but the info you're getting here is absolutely crazy. I'm really really teaching you how to do this. And I also want to add that I teach this. If you want to learn drop shipping, Facebook ads, e-commerce, for me personally, someone who has built multiple 8 figureure e-commerce businesses, exit them. I've had multiple students go from zero to 100k in their first month even. I've had people buy their dream cars. I've had people get their first sale, their first 100 sales, their first million dollar month. I've had it all. If you want to learn from me, I have developed a program on Whoop that has five stars. That will be the first link in description. Head there, watch the video if you want to find out more. You have direct access to me every single day. I can analyze your ads live with you. You can send me screenshots. I can help you. I can answer anything you need. You have access to a community of people who know ecom who's there every day to push you and to help you. You have weekly calls with me. You have a full course to follow with super advanced videos on Facebook ads. I'm proud to say it truly is the best in the industry. So, if you want to learn from me, head to the first link in description. Anyways, let's get back into the guide. Now, here's a couple of reasons why you have no sales or you have bad results. Okay. The first one is you're targeting expensive countries. You don't really want to target USA as a beginner unless you really know what you're doing because the traffic there is expensive. Or second, high CPC from a saturated audience. If you're selling beauty products for women, if you're selling hair straighteners, if you're in a saturated niche, your ads are going to cost more. So, it's better for beginners to run more random products that don't belong to too much of a competitive niche. Maybe also have bad video ads, which is very common. You should study how to make good creatives. Not testing enough video ads is also important. Your products, too. Maybe they don't help anyone. Maybe they're gimmicky, just wow factor. If they don't help anyone, man, you're not going to make money on Facebook. We solve problems. Number six, cutting your campaigns very early. You need to give them a little bit of budget to optimize. Now, bonus tip, never be emotionally attached to your product. Just move on. Uh if it never works or burnt your money, end up like this guy and become homeless. Now, to talk advance for anyone who's scaling, this is an absolute must-have. If I didn't have this in my business, it would never scale at all. Because the problem with Facebook is that your data isn't accurate. So, Facebook misses up to 30% of your sales. Usually, it's not that extreme. It's maybe 15 20%. But that makes it very hard to scale. So, if you're looking at this campaign here, it's sitting at 48 sales. What if I told you that it's probably sitting at like 60, maybe 65, worst case even 70 or cost per purchase is actually lower, right? We're probably spending $36 to get a purchase because our real purchases are maybe like 62 or something, but Facebook doesn't track them. This is where hires come in which is a tracking software and it's a absolute mustave if you're scaling or you're going to be running with the wrong data. So for example in Facebook it might show that this campaign right here right is losing you money because it's not tracking enough data. So Facebook might display a rorowass of 1.2 while with highros it tracks all the sales it displays the real rowass of 1.47 and you see that we spent $8,000 to generate $2,000 in net profit. So it also is kind of like a calculator. Let's just break down a random month of let's say December. How much did we spend? How much did we make? We spent 101,000 to make 201,000. $98,000 on profit on our Facebook ads. Now come over here to where it says reporting. You can also get an extension from Hyros, okay, that you can add into your Facebook ads manager. So it will be displayed right here and it will show you the real. So with that, for example, it will show like okay 48 is wrong. But let's go into the reporting here and I'm going to show you a campaign. So let's just select a killer campaign. This one we spent $9,000. The revenue that was tracked was just $14,000. But the campaign actually generated us $17,000. That's $3,500 Facebook missed out on. So our profit is 7.5K. Without Hyris, we would think our profit was 4K. So what Hyris does is gives you accurate tracking. Like this campaign here and this is barely profitable on Facebook. This would likely show negative and you would end up killing it. So, if you're scaling your Facebook ads or honestly from the beginning as well, get Hyros because without it, you're not going to be able to track your ads and you will never touch a 10 $20,000 day. It's just very unrealistic. Okay? You're basically operating with a handicap. So, I'm going to leave that as well as the first link in the description. Now, that is my full guide on running Facebook or Met Ads in 2026. If you like this video, remember to click a thumbs up on it. Subscribe to my channel. Once again, if you want to learn from me personally, the program is going to be linked in the top of description. It is really, really good. It will get you results if you're ready to do the work. On this channel, I teach you e-commerce, Facebook ads, everything and business. If you liked it, subscribe and I'll see you in the next

  Top Comments:
  1. @myeeic [4 likes]: I was honestly so frustrated trying to learn Facebook ads as a beginning dropshipper. Everything felt overwhelming and complicated. But this video explained it step by step. I had to pause and replay parts to really understand, but it finally clicked. Definitely worth watching. THANK YOU!!
  2. @MasCashaveli17 [1 likes]: Need a dropshipping gc 💔
  3. @mrnachoni [1 likes]: Amazing information! Question: Is it possible to duplicate an ad that generated 3 sales in two days? Or is it better to increase the budget, since I tried it with 6 ads and only one ad had any sales?
  4. @Creepplast: Great video! Now watched it over 5 times . One of the only videos that really helps you learn this. Thank you! And also it s good seeing where you work from seeing thoose buildings out there!
  5. @Netblip: Cant find your video link in your latest video so I'm gonna watch this all to deepen my learning for this while waiting for my salary. Henrik does not disappoint!
  6. @Aymane555-m6w: Thank you so much henri the video clarified a lot of things that were blurry to me specially scaling strategie now everything is very clear thank your so much for your effort
  7. @MRMeaws: Bro needs to activate windows
  8. @XamseMoha-w9b3z: This video Is very important really Appreciate 👏
  9. @Justmomentssss: Wouldn't you need more then 1 ad set tho to test different audiences
  10. @AnishDias: Hey hendrik, if my fb ad budget limit is set by fb to 36£ can i still set the ad budget to 50£? Thanks
  11. @kstafx: yo do you just help with ads? im pretty expert almost in all other stuff just need lil help with the ads management
  12. @walterm4lon296: Thanks for the guide! Did everything exactly as you said, there are results. The only thing i dont understand, why is 10-15 ads optimal? In my adset meta only pushed like 5 of those, and some of them definetely were not winners. Is it not better to make 5-7 ads in one adset?
  13. @Testotrail: How does it works when you have adsets in different country’s. Like 1 campagne and 5 adsets in different country’s?
  14. @FakeMamu: Cut the Product and Move On  😄 🤣
  15. @soniavarghese1515: Bro.. rob a bank gf on of😂wth..
  16. @soniavarghese1515: Legend for a reason
  17. @user-kv2dz7vl5w: String
  18. @jaysolox: What if its 1 ad im getting sales on do i duplicate it 5x in a new campaign?
  19. @ForeverPrimeBeats: If I target UK instead of United States do I have to tweak anything on my store ? Plz respond
  20. @MitzMart: I dont have sales already so my purchase event is not optimised for conversions. Should I use it anyway, or try add to cart/initiate checkout first

- Google Ads vs. Facebook Ads in 2026: Which Wins for DTC Brands?: Kind: captions Language: en-US So you're trying to work out whether Google ads or Facebook ads is going to make you more money in 2026. I get it, both platforms sound great on paper, but they work in completely different ways. So instead of guessing, let's break this down into a simple framework you can use so you can decide if it fits your brand, your budget, and your goals right now. Hi guys, I'm Tim from Launchpresso and I help Shopify stores and e-commerce brands set up and scale their ads the right way without wasting money on the wrong platform. And if you would like to see what else we do, or if you just want to grab some free resources, I'll drop a link to the Launchpresso website in the description below. All right, let's start with the big picture. In 2026, the Google versus Facebook debate isn't really about which one is better overall, it's about which one fits your business stage. Think about it like this, Google is search intent, Facebook ads is audience discovery, or what I like to call Google ads being intentional -based marketing and Facebook ads being interruption-based marketing. One catches buyers when they're looking, the other one finds new ones who may not know you yet. Now, the main decision factor is your budget. If you're working under, say, $1,000 a month, Meta, that's Facebook and Instagram, tends to stretch further. You can test creatives fast, get quick data, and adjust. But once you start spending $3,000 to $5,000 per month, Google starts to shine, especially if you're running high average order value products or lead gen offers where intent matters more than impressions. Next, factor number two is your average order value. If your average order value is around $60, Facebook's cheaper CPMs and broader reach makes more sense. You're playing a volume game. But if you sell something over $100, maybe jewelry, home fitness, or coaching, depending on the niche, Google's search traffic usually converts better because those users already have a clear problem they're trying to solve. Now, factor number three, timeline to results. Meta ads can bring traffic faster, but they heavily rely on creative testing. You need a few ad variations to find a winner, and the learning phase often takes around a week or two. Google ads, on the other hand, takes longer to optimize, but once you have it dialed in, the performance stays much more consistent over time. So if you need quick data, determine a market response, or audience building, start with Facebook or Meta ads. If you want steady, scalable performance, then lean into Google. Factor number four, your creative capacity. Facebook ads are visual first. You 100% need scroll-stopping images, UGC videos, and short reels. If you don't have time or budget for creative testing, Google might be less demanding. You can start with simple text ads or use shopping campaigns with your existing product images from Shopify. And factor number five is your data setup. If your tracking or attribution isn't dialed in, meaning you don't have conversion API, or GA4 enhanced conversions, Facebook will feel inconsistent. Apple's privacy updates still limit visibility, so your results may look worse than what they actually really are. Google, on the other hand, has much stronger conversion tracking through GA4 or first-party data, especially if your Shopify store uses the native Google integration. Now let's go platform by platform so you can see how this plays out with real campaigns. Starting with Google ads. For e-commerce, your base build in 2026 should combine performance max campaigns for catalog sales, search campaigns for branded and top converting keywords, and discovery and YouTube for retargeting. And CPCs can vary. Most e-commerce stores are around 80 cents to $2.50 per click, and that's all depending on the niche and competition. But what matters most is intent. Someone searching buy minimalist desk lamp or best protein powder for women is already halfway down the funnel. All you need then is a clear offer and a good landing page experience. But over on Facebook ads, you'll run a different structure. A broad prospecting campaign using advantage plus shopping is your base layer. Then retarget people who visited your site in the last seven to 30 days with product demos, reviews, and special bundles. The cost per click is usually lower, around 40 cents to $1.20, but conversions depend heavily on your creative, your offer, and the landing page experience. I've seen it more often than not that a good UGC video can outperform a very polished studio style video, sometimes by a huge margin. Now, I just want to make something clear when it comes to using both platforms, which most other YouTube videos skip. You don't actually have to choose between Google ads or Facebook forever. Some of the most profitable Shopify brands that are out there use both in sequence, because by utilizing both platforms, you could be covering up to 60% to 70% of all markets combined. They usually start by running broad awareness on Facebook, then retargeting the warm audiences on Google Display and YouTube. Others start with Google Search to capture buyers, then use meta ads for upsells or repeat purchases. So here's the rule of thumb. If your product is new or visual, like apparel, beauty, or lifestyle, start with Facebook ads. If it solves a clear searchable problem, like software, coaching, or niche electronics, then start with Google ads. And then once you've validated your offer, use both platforms together. That's where the real compounding happens. And if you'd rather not spend weeks building this system yourself, you can head over to Launchpresso. I've left a link down below where you can go and book a strategy call with me or my team. We'll look at your store, your numbers, and help you map out the right ad platform and campaign structure for your goals. And if you've liked this video, hit subscribe so you don't miss out on the next walkthrough. Thanks for watching. I'll see you in the next.

  Top Comments:
  1. @GuaranteedPPC [1 likes]: One thing you should always do if you think you should start out with the Facebook route, is to actually consider YouTube ADs first.  Often times, that works even better than Facebook ADs as you can target in-market buyers with that.
  2. @ElyasElyas-i7g8l: زى
  3. @CodAr-man: Hey brother I am a developer and I have made a webapp that fixes google product category taxonomy errors by accurately getting the google product category. Would you like to collab with me on this? If yes please share me a contact info where I can share more details about me and about the product as well.

- How to Run Facebook Ads In 2026 (Andromeda Update): Kind: captions Language: en Facebook just dropped the Andromeda update and this changes everything for how we run our Facebook ads and how you run your Facebook ads for your drop shipping stores and your e-commerce brands. Since this update, I've been getting tons of questions. How do you now test your products? How do you scale your Facebook ads? Is Facebook ads dead? So, in this video, I'm going to be breaking down how this Andromeda update works and how it's going to affect your account and how the Facebook brain now works. And I'm also going to be showing you step by step in this video our current setup that we're using with this Andromeda setup that's actually helping us scale our drop shipping stores and our e-commerce brands. Now, there is a like goal on this video, guys, of 750 likes. If we hit that like goal, it tells me that you like this type of content and I need to make more of it. So, make sure you destroy the like button so we can hit the like goal. So, let me quickly explain to you guys how the new Andromeda update works and how it affects the Facebook brain. So, Facebook's ad system is basically a huge AI powered machine engine that connects advertisers who want attention with users who are most likely to respond. It does this billions of times per day in just milliseconds. Now, the huge thing to take away is they're now using AI powered machine learning in their algorithms. The way it works is the advertiser creates an ad. So, that's step one. Then, Facebook AI enters the auction. So basically, if you don't already know this, Facebook ads is an auction platform and that's how the spend and the results work. Now each ad competes based on three things. Bid, how much are you willing to pay, which is the auction? Estimated action rate, how likely is the person to take action, click, buy, watch, etc. Then the third thing is ad quality. How relevant and engaging and trustworthy is your ad? Then the AI learns from the user's behavior. So when the user clicks, watches, scrolls past your ad, buys the product or fills out a form, then the AI learns from the user's behavior again, Facebook tracks the data anonymously and feeds it back into the AI system that the system learns which people are most likely to take action and start showing your ad to more of those people. So that's essentially how the Facebook ad brain now works guys. There are some crucial updates that you need to understand. Now, this part here is the thing you really need to understand. If you can't do this correctly, then you're not going to win. Now, let me actually break down the Andromeda update from Facebook's blog post itself. So, Meta's new Andromeda algorithm update is revolutionizing how ads are ranked and delivered. The new AIdriven creative optimization system. Now, the key thing is it's all AI creative driven knowledge. So, the creative that you put on Facebook is so important. The optimization system rewards ads with diversity, penalizes repetitive formats. If Facebook's advertising performances declined recently, it's not your targeting, it's your creative strategy. Now, I've been banging on about this for so long. Creatives are more important than anything else when it comes to Facebook. Meta's Andromeda update is an AI powered ad delivery architecture. Built to make Facebook and Instagram smarter, faster, more predictive. Unlike the old flat model that relied on user engagement and history, the new AI system uses multi-layered neural thinking and ranking. Ad index. The system quickly narrows down relevant ad clusters. The AI models predict which creatives will perform the best and ad candidate. The top performing scoring ads are shown and this process repeats in real time. Facebook's AI now runs ads mostly on its own. Instead of you deciding exactly who sees your ad, the new Andromeda AI system decides for you based on what people do online. It studies billions of actions like what people click and how people behave on the ad. Ad targeting. The AI chooses your audience. Before you would choose your audience. An example would be women aged 25 40 in Los Angeles who like skincare. Now you pick a broad audience like all women in the US and the AI figures out who's really interested in your skin care based on their online behavior. Example, the AI notices some users recently watch skincare videos or beauty pages. So it shows your ad to those people automatically. The second thing is creative testing. AI test lots of versions. Now, before you made small changes to one ad, like a new color, a different headline, or maybe a different voice over. Example, you test glow cream verse radiant cream. It could be that small of a difference. Now, you make many different variations, different photos, different videos, and captions, and the AI will test all of them. An example could be you upload 10 skin care ad versions, different models, tones, packaging. The AI quickly learns that short product videos perform best with your ideal audience. Number three is the campaign structure. Before you'd split your ads into lots of small adets for each group, example, one for teens, one for adults, or one for men. Now you combine them into one campaign and the AI shows each version of your ad to the right person. So before you used to have to segment it out manually. Now AI will do it for you. Number four is optimization. AI manages your budget. Before you'd manually increase or lower budgets depending on the performance. Example, you notice one ad getting more clicks so you raise its daily budget. Now the AI will adjust it moving money to better performing ads. Example, if your natural skincare video works better than your anti-aging photo, then it will put the budget behind the video automatically instead of the photo. Now, I've made a really good sideby-side comparison here, and I think this is the quickest way for you guys to learn what is the old system versus the new one. The old system is here. You picked audiences. Now the AI chooses. You tested small variations. Now the AI test doesn't for you. So this is just a quick way for you guys to see side by side the complete difference. Now before I show you guys the actual campaign setups and the creative setups and all that kind of stuff, I need to explain how you should be approaching your creative. So actually making the content for your products. Before people would always think, who's the audience that I need to send the product to? Now, you need to think about what creative do I need to present to my audience. Now, before we move on to the next part of today's video, when you sign up to Shopify, make sure you use my link in the description and in the pin comment because you're going to be getting three months for $3, which basically means each month for the first three months is only going to be a dollar. So, month one, $1, month two, another dollar, month three, another dollar, which equals $3 over 3 months. Usually, Shopify is $29.99. So, you're going to be saving way over $50. And if you didn't already know this, all the biggest brands use Shopify. So, whether you're going to be starting a drop shipping store or an e-commerce brand, Shopify is by far the best, and it's not even close. And if you do use my Shopify link, I will earn a commission and it does help support the channel. So, if you want to keep supporting me, make sure you use this link in the description and in the pin comment. With that being said, guys, let's get back into it. Now, to show you a real example of this, here is an ad being ran and you can see soft save and full surprise, perfect for curious little hands. So, this is an ad to sell a kids product. But if I look at their other ad that they're running, it's the same video, but guess what they've changed? They've only changed the headline, interactive play barn for baby's first adventures. So, what was I saying to you guys before with the new Andromeda update? Just changing these subtle things is not going to be enough anymore. This used to work with the old method, just changing the first 3 seconds in the video, just changing the text as the headline. This used to work fine. You'd get away with it and get good performance. Now, here's another example of another brand doing it the wrong way. They're running ads in the same style. So, they're using a UGC style talking into the camera 9x6. This is one ad they're running. This is another ad they're running. And guess what? It's the same style of campaign. One's just a female, one's a male, but they're just talking into the camera. What variation is there? These aren't different styles of videos. These are the same styles. UGC talking into the camera, old raw style. This isn't enough variation for the Andromeda to be happy with. If you look at the text, the call to action, it's all the same. This will not work on Andromeda update on Facebook. So, if you're watching this and you know you fall under this old system, you need to stop right now. So, you're probably now watching this thinking, well, if Facebook cares so much about creatives and creative testing, how am I possibly going to make this many video creatives for my drop shipping store or e-commerce brand? Now, the simplest solution for this is by using a tool like Arcad. Now, this is the tool that I've been using for my own drop shipping and e-commerce brands, and the results have been insane. So, let me quickly show you guys the kind of ad content you can make with Arc Ad. So, check this video out. Now, the product that I'm using for this example in the ad is this pickle ball racket. So, check this out, guys. If I go back to Arcads, check out this AI UGC actor I made. And with the product, guys, have been testing the Quad Rhino for 3 weeks now. 24K carbon, antiibration tech, and this sweet spot. massive. My arm feels zero pain and my shots have never been this powerful. If you're serious about paddle, check out Quad Sports. So, how crazy is that, guys? Number one, the AI actor is fully custom made to fit my product niche. He's in a tennis/ paddle court, which matches my product perfectly. He's also in the right attire. He's custommade. The emotion of him expressing himself in this video is topnotch. I'm going to be showing you very quickly how you can recreate content just like this and even more insane AI content so that you can stay ahead with the new Facebook andromeda update as it's all about creatives. Now, all you need to do is sign up to Archads using the link in the description and in the pin comment because you're going to get the best deal and coupon code on Arcads and it is the best platform for creating AI content for creative marketing. Now, as soon as you've created an account on Arcer Ads, you're going to see a dashboard like this. And what you're going to want to do is click new project. And as soon as you've clicked new project, you're going to want to call this project whatever the name of the product is that you're creating creatives for. Then once you've done that, guys, you're going to see all of these options here in the bottom. So you got talking actors, you got gestures, video scenes, show your app unboxing, one 2.0, animate. Now, for now, we're going to stick with talking actors because that's how you're going to be able to create UGC actors explaining your product like I just showed you. Then, all you need to do is go to where it says audiodriven and you want to choose the Omnihuman 1.5. This is the best technology out there with AI to create ultra realistic AI avatars with expressions and with creating emotions. Now, once you've done that, you want to keep text to speech and then you want to go to where it says add actors. Now, you can choose from the range of actors they already have. Now, this is good if you haven't got a super specific niche product, but if you want to take it up to the next level, go to where it says my actors, then click create actor, and then go to where it says generate from reference or images. Then you're going to see here you can explain your type of actor here, and you can choose an image and the aspect ratio. Now, we're going to need 9x6. Then you can either upload an image of somebody that you want the AI to recreate as an actor. Now me personally, I actually use a text prompt. Now how I come up with a text prompt is I use something called Scopic AI and I prompted Scopic AI saying I need a UGC actor making for a pickle ball racket product and then I told it to choose the type of avatar for me and then I asked it to make me a prompt to make the actor. And you can see here prompt AI character creation. Create a ma male character who is passionate about pickle ball player content creator who is in his late 20s early 30s. So it basically creates the prompt for me. So all I've got to do is copy that prompt, go back to Arcar Ads, paste it in there, click the generate button, and then Arcer Ads will create three images of some potential avatars that you can then turn into AI video avatars. And just within a few moments, guys, Arcar Ads have created my AI actor based on my prompt from Scopic AI. And these are some really good options. All I've got to now do is click select actor. Click select. And then you can say what should the actor do? Now, this is basically about expression. Should they be excited? Should they be looking at the camera? So, this is expression. Now, I've gone back to Scopic AI and asked it for this information. You can see here a warm genuine smile that conveys enthusiasm. So, I can just copy this information, guys. Go back to Arcer Ads and paste it in here. And then click turn into talking actor. And then it's going to show you how many credits that you need to do this. And it says I need two credits. I'm going to click confirm. Turn into actor. And then it's going to give you the option to choose a voice for that actor. So, let's go through them. >> Hey, you. Welcome to Arcads. I'm one of the natural AI actors. You could >> Now, I personally like the third voice over. So, I'm going to click pick voice. And now you can see generating video. Now it's going to launch the learning model to actually recreate this AI avatar with our voice over with our emotions. And then within around about 1 to 2 hours, it will be available for us to use. You're now going to see your brand new custom AI avatar added in. And all you need to now do is add a script. And then that AI avatar will read from the script and use those emotions that you've given it. Now, what you can obviously do is create another two actors so that you've got within the whole video ad three actors that are custom to your product with different expressions, different backgrounds, male, female, then conveying your story. And you can go back to things like Scopic AI and ask it to make you a UGC ad for your product and explain what kind of product you're selling, etc. And then it will give you that script. Now, that's just one cool tool that you can use in Arcer Ads to create some amazing content for your ads. If you go back to where it says talking actors, you can now go to videos. Now when you go to videos, you can change it to Sora 2 Pro. Sora 2 Pro is the new highest end video generation for everything. So you can select Sora 2. And then you can change it by 9 by6. I'm going to change it to 12 seconds long. And then you can even select a template. So there's some already made Sora 2 templates that you can use if you don't have an idea. I've asked Scopic AI to make me a video shot of my product. I can go back to Arcer Ads now. Paste it in here and then click send. So now what's going to happen is Sora 2, the latest video generation model by Open AI, the best one, is now going to create me a custom video footage to put on top as B-roll for my UGC actor. So I've got my UGC actor talking. Then I've got a custom Sora 2 video on top showing off the product. Now, another really cool feature that I want to mention quickly, guys, is the unboxing POV. Now, it's in beta mode. I've used it a lot and it's really cool. Now, here's an example of an unboxing video that I made in the past, guys, for the product. You can see it shows the packaging and then it shows somebody's hand opening it up and then it shows somebody taking the wrapper off and then the paddle board is there, guys. Look how insane that is. And the product is the same as it is in the image. They haven't changed the product. So, this is really cool to have as a bit of B-roll in my video. Then, Sora 2 Pro made some video footage of somebody using the racket, paddle racket in live action on the court, guys. So, we can use all of this footage again, like I said, inside of our video ads using Arcer Ads. And obviously, we can export all this footage, go into Cap Cut, and edit the video. This is just a way for you guys to have no reason or no excuse to be able to create unlimited style creatives for the new Facebook update. And again guys, make sure you check out our creds the pin comment. So now, let me cover the new campaign style that works for the Andromeda update on Facebook. So again, the yellow tag here is the campaign. Then you've got a branch of the ad set. Now the ad set, I call it angle one broad. Obviously I've told you before, keep everything broad. you don't need to do the targeting anymore. So now underneath the ad set, we now have ad concepts. Each ad is a concept. So think of it when you make your ads in your Facebook, you think of them as concepts. Number one is a video testimonial. Number two is a public interview. Number three is a UGC video. Number four is an unboxing. And number five is a top tips. Now another example could be a challenge video like I've mentioned before. Now these ad concepts that I've come up with, I can reuse them again. The only thing that I would change is the angle. So look here, angle number three. So this is angle number one. Angle number three could be the exact same concepts of ads, but I might change the psychology. So if I'm trying to pull emotions with all of these different concepts. So the video testimonial is an emotional one. Public interview is an emotional concept. Then I can remake them again, but this time it's about something else. It could be a curiosity. It could be an awareness. It could be a totally different angle. So what I'm saying is it doesn't mean that you can't reuse the concepts. It just means the angle and the psychology that you're using behind the concepts need to be changed. And this is the exact same strategy that we're using for our Facebook campaigns right now. These type of concepts work very well. It's just engineering them differently around the different adsets that you have. So you can see angle three here and then angle two. Again, the only thing that would change is the psychology behind the concepts. So here's an example of the new way to test the creatives. So you can see here this is a humor ad. Read the ad very carefully. Women's wellness by ino subs. So you can see here my waist has gotten tighter. I can feel that my hormones have improved. I'm less stressed, energized, and feel great overall. So that's a humor ad. Now if we go down, they're running a testimonial ad. Check this one out. My waist has gotten tired and I can feel more hormones. So, check out the creative that they're running. Now, although they're running the same ad copy, look, the video creative is totally different. This is a humor video. This is a testimonial video. Now, in their third ad, they're running a fax ad. So, this is all factual. I almost immediately started to feel better mentally after a month. The pound started coming off. Now, who is it in the video? You can see it's some form of doctor. The person in the video is some form of certified doctor. So you can see this is a factual type of ad concept. And number four is a product ad. So you can see here the video is 9 by6 and it's a product style ad. So again, you need to ask yourselves guys if you're watching this, are your ads like this right now as you're running them? Now this is a really good example. This could just be broad to women. Now I could do it niche down to women that are on the menopause, women that have just had child birth. So these are the different concept ideas that you can come up with. I remake all of these ads. One for women on the menopause, one for women that have just recently had child birth or are pregnant. So this is how you can mess around with these concepts using different angles and psychology tricks. Make lots of different concepts. Andromeda learns by testing multiple versions of your ad. The more creative inputs it has, the faster it will find people to send the product to in terms of present the video to that are likely to buy it. Aim for five to 10 concepts per campaign. Different formats, videos, photos, carousels, reals, different messages, benefit, story, testimonial, humor, UGC, all that kind of stuff. Challenge videos, all of those kind of ideas. Here's an example for a fitness brand. video before and after transformation, static image product shot with benefit text, real training given a 10-second tip, testimonial, customers saying why they love it. Another example could be a challenge video, somebody using the product for a 30-day challenge and the results that they got. These are some ideas. The AI will quickly figure out which one converts the best. The key is to keep your campaigns broad. Feed the AI. The AI needs data to learn. If you split your creatives across too many tiny adsets, each one learns too slowly. Now, before that used to work, but now Facebook's Andromeda update hates that, so don't do it. Combine smaller creatives into one big campaign. Let the AI distribute spend automatically. Refresh creatives often every 2 to 3 days. Instead of running five small skincare campaigns for different age groups, run one campaign with multiple creatives, and the AI will find which ad resonates with which group the best. Now, if you've currently got a campaign set up on Facebook and it's performing really, really badly, what you might want to do straight away is do what I've just said. Instead of spreading them over lots of different adets, put them all under one campaign under one ad set instead of branching them out. So, if you've experienced really bad results recently, just that one fix with the new Andromeda update can save your campaign when it comes to performance. So, if you've already got lots of stuff already there being ran and you're not happy with the results, try this first before you try anything else. Focus on messaging variety. AI doesn't just test visuals, it tests text as well. Give it variety of messages to learn from. Emotional could be finally feel confident in your skin. Rational could be clinically proven to reduce acne. Urgent could be only three left in stock. Story based could be I used to struggle with breakouts. An example could be the AI may discover your emotional story drives more conversion than the discount message. Now, the Andromeda AI will never know this if you don't try it. And that's why I can't emphasize enough. You have to try all of these things if you want to please the Facebook AI Andromeda. The mindset shift is targeting is dead. Creative is the new targeting. Structure is through the new strategy. And speed is the new advantage. So, the more creators you give with more variation, the more likely you are to scale more quickly. So, now let me show you guys some live examples of the old way to set up a campaign, which might be what you've currently got, and the live examples of ad creatives that just won't perform well anymore. So, this is the old campaign structure. So, the yellow tag here is the campaign in Facebook. So, just think of it like that. And then you've got this little branch called the interest. This is your ad set. And then you've got these ads in that adset. So you've got three ads under one ad set. One, two, three. Now on the other side, you've got the same thing. You've got an ad set and another three creatives. So this would be an example of the old way people usually set up their Facebook campaigns. Now under these creatives, what you would have under one creative is hook variation. And then in the other creative, it would just be a hook variation. So each variation under the old method would be usually that your first 3 seconds of the video would be different which is called the hook. So this is the old way people would usually set up their campaigns, their ads and their adsets. So it's just minor variations. Now this is the method that we're using for Facebook ads with the Andromeda update and it is working for us just fine. As you guys can see on the screen, the results are speaking for themselves. So, as long as you follow this complete step-by-step guide I've just shown you guys. And again, if you've currently got Facebook ads set up and you're running the old method, which is this one, you need to change it to the new method that is here. The Myro board is here for you guys. I've given you live examples with links. You just need to adapt to this style. If you carry on running your ads on the old style, you're just going to burn more and more money. So, please stop and move over to the new version. But with that being said, guys, that's how you're going to be running Facebook ads in 2025 and 2026 using the new Facebook Ads Andromeda update. With that being said, guys, make sure we hit the like goal. Let me know if you've enjoyed this video, and let me know what your experience currently is with the Andromeda update from Facebook.

  Top Comments:
  1. @THEECOMKING [4 likes]: Like goal fam is 500 likes 👍 

The best AI tool for making video creatives for ads: https://arcads.ai/?via=ecomking

The Best AI Tool For Dropshipping & Ecom https://skopiq.ai/
  2. @MuhammadHamayun-d5m [2 likes]: Please publish new course after Andromeda
  3. @hassankhanssj5 [2 likes]: I was facing issues with the results and I am pretty sure now it's because of Andromeda update. I used to do horizontal scaling but it is not working anymore. I am definitely gonna try this 1 adset and 5+ creatives and hope to see better results from now on. Thank you!
  4. @pulanethapelo4699 [2 likes]: Can you show us a step by step campaign creation using the new way? 


Reply
  5. @its_jennywolf [1 likes]: Question! 
We are service based, what my entire team experience is even suggesting women, the amount of sick men is insane! The ads worked well before in the engagement objective! What is the work around? They say from the start: hey ladies, or girl, u suffer from endometriosis? Same here…

This is very women specific and still all men click and no, very appropriate clothing, we are trying everything, it’s a complete nightmare. Any advice?
  6. @Edwintopdigital [1 likes]: You never actually made the video in Arcads, all youre saying is that its possible.  What happened with you actually showing how you made the video with the actor showcasing the custom product?
  7. @TorbLlorts [1 likes]: except not every product needs/demands/is able to run this type of different creatives; so what a fking shitshow
  8. @Kindermd7 [1 likes]: Could you make a video for someone who is just starting? Thanks mate!
  9. @Nahmannahman420 [1 likes]: this video is not easy to understand tbh, feels like you complicated  this update too much
  10. @Hwaranx [1 likes]: When is this update
  11. @stuartdonaldson5919: @10:00 - I feel like using AI testimonials should be illegal. You’re literally making it up. 

Not personal attack on you, just saying, for everyone.
  12. @MuhammadHamayun-d5m: Sir,
The one concept is broad. What could be the 2nd and 3rd concep? 20:21
  13. @SahilPropertyDealer: We request you to add Hindi and Urdu language tracks to all your videos.
  14. @tusharaahuja9413: Hey, I’m dropshipping in the USA. I’m an Indian seller with a U.S. LLC and EIN, but Shopify Payments and PayPal shut me down.
What other payment options can I use on my Shopify store so I can continue business?
  15. @reshmaramesh8826: thank so much for this video
  16. @Willwatson3: Hi, for each angle, do you have a different adset for testing, or do you include all in 1 ad set?
  17. @yassinekar8273: What do you think about Higgsfield?
  18. @OnurHasan-x1m: Hi mate is abo or cbo better if only using 1 ad set with 8 creatives?
  19. @ZIARHOSSEAN: bro please add Bangla voice
  20. @realchungy619: how do we add new ads? by adding to the existing adset, or a new batch with a new adset?
do u also use CBO?

- What’s the best platform for small business ads? (2025 & 2026): Kind: captions Language: en I get asked, "What's the best platform for small business ads?" And sometimes I think that's the wrong question. I think the right question is, "What job are we hiring this platform to do?" Today I'm breaking down Next Door, Thumbtac, Meta, and Google from my perspective, what each one does best, what to watch out for, and exactly how to stack them for results. Let's start with Hyperloal, Next Door. They reach about one in three US households with 100 million plus verified neighbors and roughly 46 million active users each week. Next door also says 90% of neighbors are the household decision maker and 79% say they were influenced by a recommendation on the platform. Translation neighborhood word of mouth at internet scale. Where it wins? Home pros, home services, real estate, local retail, and anything where trust matters. Watch out though, performance hinges on creative quality and neighborhood relevance. Even Nexto's own guidance stresses creative and and to format things in a way to drive CTR or click-through rate. So, don't mail it in. Next, thumbtack. This is bottom of the funnel, pay per lead. You're not buying impressions, you're buying leads. Prices vary by category and market. Pros commonly report $10 to $100 per lead with many citing an average of $35 to $60. It's big. 300,000 active pros across,00 categories in all 50 states when it hits home services and trades that want jobs this week and can respond fast. So, it works well for that. Watch out though, lead quality and competition vary. You got to track your uh return on investment, your ROI tightly. This is a marketplace, remember. Now, meta, Facebook and Instagram for demand genen and retargeting benchmarks right now CPM, which is cost per thousand. I I've never really understand why they call it CPM, but cost per thousand around 7 to $15 in many markets. And the CTR, the click-through rate for lead genen is around 2.59% across all industries in 2025 data sets. Okay. What's great about it is creative testing at scale. So, uh, a different caption or a different photo or a different video, you can test to see which one's landing better. Local awareness obviously is great. And then retargeting and lookalikes. Watch out though cuz creative fatigue and signal loss are real. I feel like the meta platform fluctuates and you need ongoing optimization. Finally, Google with local service ads. I love those LSA. Many categories see $6 to $30 per lead and that's in line. Uh sometimes roofing can get a little bit higher especially in really competitive markets. uh but category and market dependent. LSA has tightened up verification the local service ads and ties more closely to Google business profile to reduce fraud. Uh that policy toughened late about a year ago now. When it wins though near me and high intent queries where buyers are ready, watch out if your landing page and tracking are weak. You burn dollars even with high intent. So here's the playbook and it's simple. If you need leads this week in home services, start Google LSA. If you have a business that is one of the categories and thumbtac, then layer a nextoor post or ad to build neighborhood proof. If you need trustworthy local awareness, next door for neighborhood credibility, add meta video for reach and retargeting. Remember, those videos should be you, authentic, standing in a neighborhood that you serve or an area that you serve, looking right into your phone. No need for a highly produced video. If you want scalable demand generation, test creatives on Meta for cheap reach, then capture intent on Google when they're ready to buy. Bottom line, there is no single best platform. There's the right channel for the right job at the right time. However, use Next Door to earn neighborhood trust. Use Thumbtac to buy leads when your calendar needs filling. Use Meta to test creative and stay in front of people. And use Google to harvest demand the moment it exists. Hopefully, this made you think about something different. If it did, please give me a like and or a subscribe. I'm Max from Max Out Creative. Thank you very much.

- The Best & Worst Ad Platforms for Info Products (2026 Tier List): Kind: captions Language: en What's up, guys? I'm Dakota. I run AdClass. We spend $4 million a month on info ads for online brands. So, today I'm going to break down my tier list for ad platforms that I like, that I hate, that I would launch with, or I wouldn't launch with. So, let's get right into it. Let's start, you know, let's start with LinkedIn. LinkedIn sitting over here looking pretty. Unfortunately, unfortunately for the infosace, LinkedIn is a Dtier. Here's why. LinkedIn CPMs are really high. Maybe you could overcome that with a really good offer, B2B, very, very niche, and maybe you're niche enough that you could just target by profession and get away with it. But for most infospace brands, they want scale. And scale is really hard to do on LinkedIn, especially from infeed ads. You could go in message, you could get in the inboxes, you could do that. That's that's that's a thing that could work. But if I'm going just, you know, top of funnel trying to get new prospects in, I'm not going to go LinkedIn ads. It's going to be one of my down the road scale techniques, maybe. Next up, Snap ads. Snap is also a D tier. I'm sorry, I don't like Snap ads. It's not the right demographic for most info brands, even if it is uh an info brand that's like younger generation focused. You really need to do like influencerled campaigns there on people who have big snap followings. Otherwise, it feels really gimmicky. The pixel is not very sophisticated. Hard to find people with money. Overall, a tough one to crack. Let's be a little bit nicer. Let's go Pinterest. I'm going to I'm going to put Pinterest at a C tier. Not a lot of people in the info space run Pinterest, but if you found the right demographic, you were able to tap into, you know, older women potentially, or you had a health offer that was going to crack uh, you know, 40-year-old women who are on Pinterest all the time. You might be able to do some cool advertorial style ads and get away with it, and there's a lot of users on Pinterest with a lot of high intent. They spend a lot of time on the platform, so could be interesting. Next up, we're going to go Tik Tok ads. Tik Tok, I'm throwing in the B tier. Here's why. If you can crack a low ticket or lead magnet funnel, Tik Tok is going to unlock a ton of scale for you. Now, higher ticket VSSL funnels, webinar funnels, it's going to be tough because the in attention span and the intent level of people on Tik Tok is lower. It's not because they're younger. Don't hear me wrong. Like they're everybody's on Tik Tok. It's just that when you're on Tik Tok, you're not in a long form mood. You're not trying to watch a VSSL, for example. And so, you need to meet them where they're at. You need to give them the content that's that they're going to actually engage with. And that's usually shorter form, snippet size, lead magnet, stuff like that. X ads, man, I wish X ads worked. Uh, but X ads really suck like terribly. Dtier, probably F tier, honestly. But I've given it every chance I can with really strong brands. People with a million plus X followers, for example, still just can't get it to convert. You'll give it a $1,000 budget and it'll blow it in 5 seconds. Like literally, I've seen that happen. I refresh the page and the entire budget was spent. I don't know what they're doing over there, but they're definitely not focused on the ads platform and so it's just not worth spending money on right now. However, Google ads is a tier or Google. Why? Because if you can crack non-branded search like keywords that are relevant to your offer, you can get a ton of scale. Not only that, but pmax and demand genen uh which gets us into YouTube a little bit are all really powerful platforms. And on that note, Microsoft advertising or being ads is a Btier. And here's why. If you can crack Google, you will get like a third of the scale on Bing. It's like essentially the same, but there's actually more buying power on Bing in my opinion because the boomers are there. You buy a Windows PC, out of the box, you're going to be on Bing ads, which also includes Yahoo, MSN, a bunch of those other sort of like affiliate uh websites. So, if you can crack Google, there's there's money on the table on Microsoft as well. A lot of people sleep on that. But that leads us to YouTube ads. I love YouTube ads. YouTube ads is amazing, especially if you've already cracked video ads on Meta. If you haven't, then it it's probably going to take you a little bit of time to figure out how to crack YouTube ads. The buying is more intense. It's harder to crack, but once you do, there's a lot of scale there. So, I do love YouTube ads. The only S tier ad platform that you'll ever hear me uh say I love the most is Meta Ads. Honestly, it's really simple. Why? Number one, their pixels better. They do a better job of finding people who are going to convert for your offer than any other platform. You know, if you optimize towards schedules, it can find you people who books calls. If you optimize toward purchase, it can find you people who open their wallet and purchase. But not only that, they have just a more sophisticated algorithm. So you get in front of the right people. It's all discovery based and people can find out about you on Meta way more effectively than any other platform. That said, you can also test everything way more rapidly because you can write ad copy, headlines, you can do visual styles, creative, you know, carousel ads, graphic ads, video ads, talking head, UGC, whatever it is. And you can test and test and test until you get finally to a solution where you know this is going to work. And that is invaluable. Which is why Meta is the only S tier on this list. And the rest of it is good. But if you can't crack Meta, I don't know what to tell you. I don't think you're going to survive as an info brand running paid traffic. All right, that's my video today. Hopefully it was helpful for you. Part two of this series, we're going to dive into some more techstack stuff for info brands. But this one was was pretty fun. If you like this, subscribe, like, throw in the comments if I missed anything. If you disagree, if you have an ad crushing on X, for example, I'd love to see it.

  Top Comments:
  1. @SteveHunsaker: This channel should not be free.

Incredible stuff man

- Google Marketing Live 2026: Kind: captions Language: en >> Please welcome Philipp Schindler! >> PHILIPP SCHINDLER: Hello! And welcome to the 13th Annual Google Marketing Live! Yo! [ Cheers and applause ] We are here at our Bay View campus in Mountain View, and this is, without question, our most global GML ever. We are livestreaming around the world. People from more than 100 countries are tuning in. GML in EMEA is happening right now in Dublin. And coming up this summer, GML will hit 13 more cities across APAC. It's such an exciting time for our industry. Now, history used to be a reliable guide for the future but not anymore. In this moment of rapid technological advancement, we have to start looking at the rate of change to see what's truly coming. And the current rate is simply mind-blowing. I'm not exaggerating when I say We have made a decade's worth of innovation in the last year alone. Remember how a year ago generating images of a video was hit or miss? And today, our generative media models like Veo, Nano Banana and Genie are able to create incredibly realistic images, videos and interactive simulations, while maintaining state consistency when required. As a fun example, let's take another look at this year's Intro video. Compare it to last year's video. [ Laughter ] The leap is mind-blowing. By the way, if any skate brands are watching, auto I'll available for sponsorships. The best part of no Philipps were harmed in the production of this video. It would not have been possible to create this even a few weeks ago because it was made with Gemini Omni, which we just announced at I/O yesterday. Omni combines Gemini's reasoning with the best of our generative media models. We're starting with this but over time Omni will be able to generate outside from any input. One of the big questions researchers have had is whether or not these models could really understand physics. Are they just pattern matching? Or are they capable of comprehending the physical world and generating outputs that reflect reality? With Omni, we're starting to see this might actually be possible. Look at this. The physics of this are extraordinarily difficult to simulate. Gemini Omni Flash is available today in Gemini App, Google Flow and YouTube Shorts, and will come to Ads this summer. It's clear these models are going to change the game for advertising, not only in terms of creative generation but also in terms of getting things done. A year ago, agents started becoming a huge buzzword but truthfully, they weren't all that useful yet. What a difference a year makes. AI has moved from chat to act. It is an active partner that can plan, execute and optimize complex workflows under your supervision. We are now firmly in our Agentic Gemini era. All of this is driven by the first model in our newest model series, Gemini 3.5 Flash. This is a very capable model at the frontier, and comparable to the best models, but it's still very, very fast. When looking at output tokens per second, it is four times faster than other frontier models. The magic happens when you pair this model with Google Antigravity. This is our AI-powered agent first development platform, and it unlocks agentic coding at scale. Antigravity has radically transformed our own engineering velocity. It's accelerating major ad product rollouts from quarters to mere months. And we're deploying autonomous agents to turn your realtime feedback into code updates. Developers have been operating in this world for a while, but we want to bring agents to everyone. We're rolling out Gemini Spark right in the Gemini app. This is the first experience you're seeing made possible by 3.5 models and Antigravity. Spark is a 24/7 personal AI agent that helps you navigate your digital life. It takes actions on your behalf under your direction. Gemini Spark connects the dots across your digital world to check off tasks in your everyday life and at work. Small businesses can teach Spark custom skills using plain language. For example, you can train it to Monitor Gmail for high-quality customer inquiries and have the agent take the next step for you. For enterprise customers, you can use Spark to automate highly complex, multi-step workflows. You can have Spark pull and analyze consumer insights from multiple sources, build and deploy creative across all your channels, measure impact, and send your reports. Our latest AI models bring us one step closer to true realtime outcome-based marketing. You handle the strategy and define your goals. AI handles the optimization. In milliseconds, you get insights that talk to your creative. Your creative talks to your media. And your media talks back to your measurement. And measurement can feed the whole system back as it learns. This was once a distant goal, but you will see how we're making huge strides towards this reality. Today you're going to see how you can use agents across our Ads platforms to help you with campaign optimization, asset creation and measurement. But of all the incredible innovations you will see today, the biggest opportunity for your business is the AI transformation of Search. AI is the best thing that has ever happened to Search. It gives Search superpowers. Let me ask you a question. Which product is bringing the benefits of Gen AI to more people than any other product in the world? Yes, it is Google Search. We have been on a journey to bring together the best of a search engine with the best of AI. We started this massive transformation when we introduced AI overviews two years ago. It now has more than 2.5 billion monthly active users. And believe it or not, it was just a year ago that we introduced AI Mode, which allowed you to have a back-and-forth conversation with Search directly. It's already surpassed more than a billion monthly users, and we're seeing phenomenal growth. Searches in AI mode have been doubling every quarter since launch. It's our most powerful AI search bringing in our most advanced Gemini models. And as of yesterday, we upgraded it on Gemini 3.5. By the way, pretty cool to ship our latest model and launch it in our biggest product the same day. Okay, to reflect the new reality of how people are searching today, we're making the biggest update to the iconic search box in 25 years. It now expands so you can fully Describe what you need, and it gives you easy access to all the modalities so you can search with text, images, and video. We're also bringing AI overviews and AI mode into one seamless AI search experience so you can flow effortlessly from your question to your response to your follow-ups. Search is also getting more personalized. Earlier this year, we introduced personal intelligence in AI mode. You can now opt in to securely connect your Google apps like Gmail, Photos, and soon Calendar. It's much easier to find things to do during a layover when it knows where you are, how much time you have, and what you actually like to do. And finally, Search doesn't just help you find information, it helps get things done for you. It's already helping you make reservations and buy tickets. and coming soon, personalized information agents, working for you 24/7 to find you exactly what you need at exactly the right moment and help you take action. For example, if you're apartment hunting, just do a brain dump of what you want and Search will continuously scan the web for Or say you want to know when your favorite athlete announces new sneaker drops. Search will monitor everything for you from blogs to our shopping graphs, so you do not miss it. All of these innovations are completely changing the way people search and discover. After decades of searching and fragments or simple keywords, suddenly we can ask anything. In our natural language, in a conversation, and increasingly through voice, photos, or even live video. As people have learned how much more Search can do, well, they've started bringing more questions. So much so that last quarter, we saw Search queries reach an all-time high. Look at this search here. A year ago, you wouldn't have dreamed of attempting a search Like this. Now it's becoming habit. How many searches would this have taken before? 10? 20? More? And maybe after all that, you still might not have found what you need. Now it's one super search or a conversation. And that's why AI mode searches on average three times as long as traditional searches. And people are using Search earlier in their discovery journey. Searches with terms like "ideas for, where should I" and "which" in the sense of which something should I buy, are growing. Brainstorming searches are growing 30% faster than AI Mode searches overall. So, it's time to acknowledge a fact. Google Search is AI Search through and through. So, what does this mean for you as a marketer? First, longer and more conversational searches mean richer signals of intent for us to better match what you offer with what people are looking for. And a more personalized agentic search means a quicker path for your customers from discovery to decision. This means you can't think in terms of simple keywords anymore and you definitely can't manually choose them. And why would you? Just let the best AI do it for We designed AI Max for Search for exactly this reason. It helps you show up in the specific nuanced queries and take advantage of the new ads formats you will see today. We introduced AI Max at GML last year, you remember, and now it's out of beta and available globally. And those of you who are already using it know it's working hard, driving 27% more conversions Compared to manual campaigns. Search is already the leader in driving ROI for your business. You know we love numbers at Google. We truly love numbers. On average, at scale for every $1 you spend on Google Search globally, you get an incremental $6 back. Not bad, right? Okay, so what's the best thing to pair with Google Search to get even better returns? It's YouTube, of course. Now, I don't need to tell you what a powerhouse YouTube is in terms of reach. And relevance. YouTube now reaches more than 90% of U.S. adults. And this didn't happen by accident. For more than two decades, we have focused on staying one step ahead of how the world watches. Years ago, we predicted that people would want to watch YouTube on the biggest screen in their home, so we invested in the TV watching experience. And today, YouTube is number one in streaming watch time and has been for three years beating out Netflix, Amazon Prime Video and all of Disney. Surprisingly, viewers come to the biggest screen in their home for the shortest format of all. Over 2 billion shorts are watched in the living room each month. YouTube is the only platform where people can be part of the biggest cultural moments from the Artemis II launch to Coachella and sporting events like the MLB, NBA and the World Cup. And of course, our very own GML, yes. Working on this one. It's all the creator-led conversations happening around them. Just to give you an example, There were more than 3 billion views of Oscar-related videos in the last year. And by the way, the Oscars are Moving to YouTube in 2029! Yes, I can see you like this. How about GML 2029 in Hollywood, huh, hanging with the stars? That would be cool? Well, let me tell you, a not so secret secret. No need to go to Hollywood to meet the stars, because we all know YouTube is the home of the creators, and they are the real stars. People rank YouTube the number one platform for creator content. And that's because YouTube creators aren't just making content to capture fleeting moments of interest; they're building lasting connections and loyalty with communities of fans. YouTube is also the number one most-trusted platform for creator content about products or services. When a YouTube creator talks about your product, viewers are 13 times more likely to search For your brand and 5 times more likely to buy. These are real results, not just engagement metrics. With YouTube, you can build brands and drive business results across the entire And this is the power of YouTube. And we're taking that performance to the next level with Ask YouTube. This will make it an even more powerful engine for discovery and purchase decisions. People search on YouTube billions of times a day and now finding the perfect answer is no longer just a search; it's a Let's say you want to teach your 3-year-old how to ride a pedal bike and they already know how to ride a balance bike. You can just type that all in And click "Ask YouTube." It surfaces the most relevant videos, and you can follow up with questions. This is the same profound shift that Search has been going through and going to have a similar impact of how people use YouTube, by making it easier to find information, people will spend more time searching and discovering on YouTube. We're starting to test ask YouTube now and it will roll out broadly in the U.S. this summer. Today we will show you exactly how to tap into trust, media's most valuable currency, partner with creators to unlock huge ROI and leverage the most advanced AI in the world to drive results like never before. We're going to go deep on Demand Gen. It's gotten a huge upgrade with our latest Gemini models, taking the strongest signals of intent we have across the entire Google ecosystem to get your brand in front of customers. So, for everyone here who knows they could be doing more with YouTube to boost your performance, today is for you. And we're going to show you why YouTube delivers more than double the long term ROAS of linear TV, paid social and streaming platforms. So, let's look at the power of these platforms together across the consumer journey. Google and YouTube are present in 82% of all journeys where products or brands are discovered. Some of our competitors will claim that discovery only happens on their social feeds, which frankly, is a lovely story for their sales pitch, but unfortunately for them, we brought the data. In 89% of purchase journeys, people use Google and YouTube before the largest social media platform or they skip that social platform entirely. So please, please, please check the data carefully. Social platforms are often just capturing intent that started in Google and selling it back to you as discovery. Nothing compares to the performance you get from Google and YouTube together. On this stage a year ago, we told you we drove 21% higher ROAS versus all other media. Our latest MMM study with TransUnion shows it has gone up By 40%, 4-0, 40%. This is the Gemini advantage, and it is your business advantage. We are able to move faster than anyone else because we own the full AI stack. We don't rent our intelligence. We build the entire engine from the chips to the research to the models to the app platform all built on a secure foundation. And this is what gives us a direct pipeline from our labs to your business results. To drive this even more, we're making the most ambitious capital investment in our history. In 2022, we were investing $31 billion in CapEx. This year, we are on track to approximately 6X that investment To a stunning $180-190 billion. This level of investment is how we stay at the frontier. It's also a big reason why we are the best partner for you in this new world. We're quite literally investing in your success. We believe a full-stack approach and our foundation models will drive even stronger results for No other advertising platform has anything like it, not even close. I want to leave you with a fascinating economic theory you have probably heard about called Jevons Paradox. It goes like this. When technology makes a resource more efficient, we don't do less. We do vastly, exponentially more. And we're seeing this at play everywhere. As AI makes it more efficient to find what you want in Google Search, you search more. When it becomes easier to build high-performing creative, you create more. When you can gather insights more effectively, you optimize And when marketing delivers more, you market more, reach more customers, open more markets, drive more growth. In the spirit of Daft punk today, we're going to show you how we're putting the Gemini advantage in your hands. Harder-working ads formats, better insights and measurement, faster ways to build creative, stronger AI integration, and one more time, a huge thank you for your trust in us and for your partnership. And to show you exactly what we're building for you, next up is the leader of Google's Ads and Commerce teams, my dear friend and colleague, Vidhya. Thank you. >> VIDHYA SRINIVASAN: Hello everyone! Thank you so much for joining us at GML today. We hope you're enjoying the festival vibes this year. We'll do anything to make the show on digital Ads a little more entertaining. This year the innovation really does speak for itself. Today will you see all the ways in which we are applying the power of Gemini to serve your business. We really know the pressure that you are under to deliver, and we know the growth that all of you need to drive. So we're going to show you how we're addressing what you need. You asked us where Search is headed. We are going to show you how to win in this new landscape. Now, we are not just bringing Ads to AI Search experiences; we are reinventing what an ad is in this context. You asked us about the promise of Agentic Commerce. We are going to show you how we are building the infrastructure to power the future of online Sales, not in a vacuum, but with the industry. You asked us how to unlock performance on YouTube. use the platform for more than just reach. We'll show you how to drive demand and measurable, bottom-line conversions. You asked us to help building creative at scale. We are gonna show you how we are bringing our best generative AI tools to Google Ads. So every business can create high-performing ads in every format. And you asked us how to use data to make better investment decisions. We are going to walk you through the foundations for solid measurement. And finally, you have been asking us to reduce the burden of execution and help you get the best possible results across all of our Ads platforms. We are gonna show you what a difference agents can make in this space. We have the engine. You have the ambition. Today it's really about putting the two together. I'm just going to cover Search and Agentic Commerce and my team will cover the search. Let's start with Search. Now, if you look at a search, it really all comes down to human curiosity. For decades, Search gave you the world's information at your fingertips and really just helped you understand the world better. But it's also true that when it came to making a choice or solving a problem or buying exactly what you need, it came with a tax. We called it "Research," but it was still work. 15 open tabs, cross-referencing reviews, many, many videos to watch, comparing prices, all of this while dealing with the lingering fear that you might be making the wrong choice. This gap between wanting to do something and actually doing it was full of friction. But now something really new is taking shape. The age-old trade-off between making a smart decision and a fast decision doesn't really hold up anymore. Because with Google Search, deep, thoughtful and personalized research is now possible at the speed of impulse. I'm gonna give you an example. So I really enjoy hiking, but sometimes my schedule just doesn't cooperate. One of my friends raves about her walking pad. SO I SEARCH: "I'm looking for a walking pad for my home office. I love hiking. I want it to be reliable and quiet. What are the best options for me?" It gives me personalized recommendations that fit all of my criteria with links to learn A simple table lays out my top options. The heavy research is done. And I really trust what I'm seeing. That's why I can make the right decision faster than ever. In fact, 75% of people agree that they make faster, more confident decisions when they use AI Overviews and AI Mode. So by the time they visit your site, they're really ready to buy. But of course the billion-dollar question is, "How can I best show up in AI Search?" Let's just go back to my walking pad search and talk about what it takes to show up in organic results. Look at the pages Google Search is highlighting and you'll see a PATTERN: Expertise and experience. In this case, Search is citing reviews, articles, and videos. It even brings in real user perspectives. And because our features make use of our core ranking systems, our SEO best practices are just as important as they have ever been. So our guidance to you is this. First, lead with what your brand can uniquely say. Be specific. Stay away from generic, commodity information. You want one-of-a-kind content. Share those reviews, share the if firsthand experiences or expert takes that only you can provide. Next, just focus on the most helpful content for your customers, because that's really what our systems reward. Do not try to write for bots. And think beyond text. People appreciate finding relevant images and videos. Generative AI search pulls all of this content right into the And finally, get your website ready for users, systems and agents. Your content needs to be well structured, accessible and easy to navigate, and make sure your product and business listings are accurate in places like the Merchant Center as well as Google Business Profiles. Now, of course, the other way you can get discovered is with Ads. And just as Search is becoming more intelligent, helpful and agentic, so are the ads. Now, you can ask Google anything, so the best ads must be answers. Look, the only way you can win in this age of AI is with AI. These long, complex queries were previously super hard to match with Ads. That is not the case anymore. AI Max for Search and PMax are unlocking billions of net new searches. Advertisers are already seeing great results. With AI Max, Lufthansa Group saw a 24% increase in their return on ad spend. And IKEA saw a 65% lift in non-branded clicks on Google, along with a 28% boost in incremental ROAS. Today we are excited to introduce a new generation of ad formats for Search in the AI era. These ads bridge inspiration and action, enabling you to show up in the moments that matter most. So let's take a peek at the future of Ads, and to help me out I'll bring Sylvanus to the stage. [ Applause ] Hello, Sylvanus, thank you for being here. >> SYLVANUS BENT: Hey, it's great to be back! [ Cheers ] >> VIDHYA SRINIVASAN: Yes, happy to have you back. Okay, everyone, this is an exclusive first look at what we've been building. Let's get started with a really new powerful format in AI Mode. >> SYLVANUS BENT: Let's do it. I'm always looking for ways to make my space more relaxing. So let's say I search, I am trying to make my house smell like those fancy spas or a rainy forest. What are some ways to make my home smell amazing? Check it out. AI Mode is going to give me tips on how to keep my home fresh. It's also comparing scent profiles. And then I see an ad for "Pura." Now, I hadn't considered a smart diffuser, and I don't know this brand well, but it fits this "calming" vibe I'm seeking. >> VIDHYA SRINIVASAN: First off, I really like how it looks. What made you want to buy this? >> SYLVANUS BENT: Well, it's a high-quality answer that explains exactly why that diffuser solves my problem. It runs automatically on a schedule and has a big library of scents to choose from. That's what won me over, especially since I wasn't familiar with this brand. >> VIDHYA SRINIVASAN: And you can't really do this without AI Max. It's using Gemini to give you a natural, human answer based on Pura's assets and brand guidelines. Okay, let's talk about Direct Offers. These are incredibly powerful, because they give your high-intent customers something exclusive, right at the moment they are ready to buy. And we are bringing them into AI Mode as a seamless part of the Can we show them one? >> SYLVANUS BENT: You got it. Okay, so summer's almost here and I have family coming to stay with us. So I might do a search like: "I'm setting up my guest bedroom. What are some things I can get to make my guests feel comfortable?" Okay, I'm going to get some really great recommendations here starting with this, high-quality bedding, makes sense, right? And then Google matches that with an ad, a couple products from Wayfair. Look, I can get a discount if I buy both the duvet set and the matching sheets. That looks pretty good to me. >> VIDHYA SRINIVASAN: I agree. And also a Direct Offer can be many different things. It could be discounts. It could be local coupons, custom deals. You just provide the products that you want to include and the promotional rules. And then Gemini will dynamically create just the perfect offer. Also, Direct Offers are not just for retail. Hotel advertisers will also be able to run them. Okay, now let's look at some AI-powered shopping ads. >> SYLVANUS BENT: Okay, some of my family are coming for a visit and they are big coffee drinkers. I need to get a better coffee setup for them. Let's say I do a search for: "I need a compact espresso pod machine that can fit my small countertop. I need to be able to make both Let's check it out. Now, these are shopping ads but with a major Gemini glow-up. This text at the top helps me understand the features I should be thinking about. Like different settings for different drinks. By the way, I'm totally team iced coffee. >> VIDHYA SRINIVASAN: I love that for you. You would not believe how hot I drink my coffee. But that's why we personalize ads. These ads have been curated for you, with key product features written in helpful, human And again, you can only get them in PMax as well as AI Max for shopping campaigns. Alright, let's do a few more! >> SYLVANUS BENT: Okay, let's show them Business Agent for Leads. This is an agentic ad that helps you capture leads. Here's a search for "What are some top colleges for business and tech on the west coast?" Okay, so here we see an ad for Rainier Business School with the option to ask a question inside the ad. >> VIDHYA SRINIVASAN: What do we ask? >> SYLVANUS BENT: How about, "How is Rainier using AI in the classroom?" Okay, I see the response, which is informed by what's on the advertisers website, and an option to talk to the admissions department. And then the form is pre-filled with all of my information, and now I'm a much more qualified lead. >> VIDHYA SRINIVASAN: How we are testing this format for Education, Automotive as well as Real estate. And these are also exclusive to AI Max and Performance Max campaigns. Are you picking up on a pattern here? >> SYLVANUS BENT: Yes! There's more. Let me show you two more new ad formats coming to AI Mode. They make your brand a great and and make it really easy to What I love about this first one is how naturally the brand fits into the conversation. It's clearly labeled as an ad and it's just as helpful as the organic results. Now, this second one connects products recommended in AI Mode directly to retailers who have them in stock. >> VIDHYA SRINIVASAN: As soon as you figure out what you want to buy, the ad is right there to close the sale. In all of these new formats, one thing is clear. Your brand doesn't just show up; it actually answers a question. And as I said before, to be the best answer, you need to be AI ready. You can't choose keywords anymore. Your ads go from good to great when they are automatically tailored to the context of the Search. And then they drive your most relevant landing pages, this means you have to really lean in to AI Max or PMax fully. Now, I can actually see the thought bubbles popping out of your head! How will I know you get my brand voice just right? How can I trust this my ads actually look good or reach the right audience? This is why we're launching AI Brief. This is the control that you've been asking for. Think of it like giving an agency a creative brief with guidelines for your campaign. You can share insights. You can tell them more about the brand. The audiences you're trying to reach, and the guardrails to follow, all in conversational And the AI Brief will interpret what you want and create ad It gives you previews so you can refine and make sure it's understanding your instructions properly. >> SYLVANUS BENT: All of this is so important. How can we get people to remember to go all-in on AI Max and PMax? So I've got an idea. How about we try a little jingle? Take it, take, it take it to the max. Take, take, take it to the, take it to the Max! Nice, a little catchy. What do you think, Vidhya? >> VIDHYA SRINIVASAN: It's cute for some groups, but moving on. So while these formats are all coming soon, your opportunity to win is right now. Advertisers who adopt AI Max or PMax see 15% more conversions at a similar ROAS. This performance is only possible if your budget allows you to capture all of the demand that you deserve. Everybody got that, yes? Should we play the jingle again? Thank you so much, Sylvanus. >> SYLVANUS BENT: Always a pleasure. Thanks, everyone! >> VIDHYA SRINIVASAN: Okay, so now let's talk about Commerce. For years, we've been building the foundation for what comes Next, a world of Agentic Commerce that works for you. It starts with the Shopping Graph. With over 60 billion listings, it's the world's most comprehensive shopping dataset. And add to that the trust of YouTube and Search, supercharged by Gemini, and you have an engine that understands intent Then, GPay and Wallet ensure secure and fast transactions. And for global commerce infrastructure, we have the scale and trust of Google Cloud. Most recently, we announced the Universal Commerce Protocol, or UCP. This is a new industry standard that we co-developed with an incredible group of founding partners. And we recently welcomed Amazon, Meta, Microsoft, Salesforce, and Stripe to help continue steering this open standard. It may just be the first time we all agree on something. UCP is a common language, connecting agents and merchants effortlessly, so companies don't have to waste time building all this custom code for every new connection. UCP allows your live data -- from inventory to account linking to loyalty benefits to just flow directly to the customer in realtime. This helps facilitate product discovery and reduces friction during key moments like checkout, while ensuring merchants retain control over their relationships and over their data. We're expanding UCP-powered experiences on Google beyond the U.S. -- to Canada and Australia and the UK in the coming months. Even if you aren't located in one of these markets, perhaps your customers are, and this is an important export opportunity for you. We're also expanding UCP beyond retail to support the apps you love. By partnering with global leaders in food and travel, we are co-creating new experiences that will reshape the future of these industries. Imagine the ease of ordering Food delivery while on the go with Ask Maps or booking your hotel in AI Mode. So now you see how we have really just assembled all of these components for Agentic Commerce. Let's take a look at what our new shopping experiences look like in the real world! For that, let's bring Shavi to the stage. Hi Shavi! So I just talked about re-imagining shopping. So let's actually see how it looks. First up, this ones a total game-changer. Yesterday we announced The Universal Cart. This is a truly intelligent shopping cart and think of it as your new agentic hub for shopping on Google. It works across merchants and across Google products. You'll now be able to add things to your cart while you're browsing search or chatting with Gemini, watching YouTube or even just reading your Gmail. As soon as you add a product to the cart, it goes to work for >> SHAVI GOEL: Exactly. Isn't that great? Here you can see items added from Wayfair and Nike. It tracks pricing changes. It alerts you when an item is back in stock. And when you are ready, you can buy directly on Google or take the cart to the merchant site. >> VIDHYA SRINIVASAN: That's right. Just think of this as shopping with superpowers. It runs on our Gemini models so your cart gets even smarter as the models keep improving. It's rolling out to the U.S. to Search and the Gemini app this summer, with YouTube and Gmail coming next. Shavi, can you show us how we can actually buy something from from an ad? >> SHAVI GOEL: For sure. UCP powers native check-out on And now we are bringing that same capability right into your Offer Let's go back to the Direct Offer Sylvanus showed us earlier for the "duvet and sheets" bundle. Remember the one that was too good to pass up from Wayfair? Well, retailers who are set up with UCP will soon be able to facilitate checkout directly from offers in AI Mode. So you just click the "buy with one-time code" button in the ad, and you're taken to a new screen to review your order. Notice that the discount is automatically applied. And from there you just tap "pay with GPay" and you're done! >> VIDHYA SRINIVASAN: So what I like about this, it allows a shopper to go directly from discovery to action in just a few clicks. This direct check-out in ads is actually a great benefit of just setting up UCP. Okay, let's do another example. >> SHAVI GOEL: This next one is really exciting. We are also bringing the power of UCP to YouTube. >> VIDHYA SRINIVASAN: You're going to hear a lot more about how YouTube is driving performance. Shavi is going to show us how YouTube is becoming a lot more shoppable. >> SHAVI GOEL: So, a few weeks ago I was on YouTube, and I saw a Mother's Day ad from "ETSY." What I love about this shoppable ad, is you don't just see the video ad, you also see this product listings. And what's new is this nifty "Buy now" button. When you click it you are taken directly to a branded checkout screen in YouTube. My shipping and payment info is pre-filled like usual and all I need to do is click "pay with GPay" and I'm done. >> VIDHYA SRINIVASAN: This will totally change how video ads can drive conversions instantly. >> SHAVI GOEL: I know. I already get so many ideas from YouTube creators and now I can buy them. Shopping on YouTube is going to be my favorite kind of entertainment. >> VIDHYA SRINIVASAN: Yeah, I have the same issue. Thank you so much, Shavi. >> SHAVI GOEL: That was fun. Thank you, everyone! >> VIDHYA SRINIVASAN: I want to leave you with this. As we redefine what's possible with Search, YouTube and Commerce, the aperture of opportunity for your business only gets wider. We aren't just showing an ad -- we're framing your products as the perfect answer. And with UCP and Universal Cart, we are reducing friction across the entire journey, getting your customers from discovery to decision in ways that were not possible before. We sore excited to build this future with all of you. Thank you so much. >> It started small. >> Here he we are in front of the elephants. >> A place to tell stories and share them with the world. And then it grew. Now if it's happening in the world -- >> I was watching curling trying to figure out why the stone spins the way it does. >> There we are. >> My God, we're here. >> It's happening on YouTube. >> 100% agree. >> The Academy Awards are moving to YouTube. >> The original home of creators. >> This is the largest creator colla in history. >> I'm trippin'. >> Where trust. >> The two brushes will come in clutch for what we're doing. >> I'll switch to this moon pixel. >> Leads to purchase decisions your gym is so much cooler than mine. >> You don't have a gym. >> Exactly. >> In ways you can't do anywhere else. Guiding fans. >> I'll wear my courage just like you did. >> From discovery. >> It's not just Jimmy Johns. It's James Johns. >> To decision. >> For an audience to interact with the content. We are communicating in lock-step with the brand. >> Ready to get started? >> JOHN NICOLETTI: Well, hello, everyone and welcome to YouTube Marketing Live. >> NICKY RETTKE: I like it. >> JOHN NICOLETTI: YouTube is now the number one podcast platform, so we're going to try this a little bit differently. We're going to go podcast style inside of GML. Nicky, are you ready? >> NICKY RETTKE: Oh, yeah. >> JOHN NICOLETTI: Nicky leads our Ads Product Organization at All the performance that you've seen before and all the goodness that you're about to hear today, that comes directly from Nicky and her team. But first, ahem, a word from our sponsor, which is us. >> NICKY RETTKE: Nice. >> JOHN NICOLETTI: Today's episode is brought to you by the end of compromise. Stop choosing between brand building and conversions. YouTube gives you both. >> NICKY RETTKE: Ooh, I like it! Do you have any promo codes? >> JOHN NICOLETTI: No, that's just a better way to work. >> NICKY RETTKE: Okay. >> JOHN NICOLETTI: So now back to our regularly-scheduled program. Nicky, this is how wear getting to do it. I'm going to channel all of our friends in the room, livestream and marketers and agencies and bring the questions they want answered about YouTubed. Number one, what makes YouTube the best performance marketing platform right now? Number two, how do they get these results that everybody's been talking about. And number three, how do we show those results in a way that the CFO is actually going to care about? And given that it's GML, I'm sure you've got some exciting product announcements in there as well. >> NICKY RETTKE: I sure do. We've Ben pretty busy. I've got a lot of good stuff to share. >> JOHN NICOLETTI: Alright, so let's jump into it. A lot of marketers believe or think they know what they're getting on social platforms. The question is, is that real value or vanity metrics? Question number one, why is YouTube the best performance marketing platform right now? >> NICKY RETTKE: I mean, I think it comes down to two things that everyone here knows are essential for driving performance, audiences and attention. >> JOHN NICOLETTI: Okay. >> NICKY RETTKE: Let me start with audiences. Now yes, virtually everyone in the U.S. is on YouTube but when we look more closely at the data, we see YouTube reaches audiences that you can't find anywhere else. So for example, 45% of YouTube Shorts viewers are not on TikTok and 65% are not on Reels. >> JOHN NICOLETTI: Okay, so the audience is massive and it sounds like it's unique. Can we talk about attention? >> NICKY RETTKE: Yeah, I mean, look, I think attention is a really big differentiator for Now, we spend a lot of time looking at user behavior on YouTube, and it's really different from social media. So people come to YouTube intentionally. They often start their session with a, you know, search for something specific or they're coming to watch content from a creator they love. They're not just passively scrolling by, although they could. They're actively engaged. >> JOHN NICOLETTI: That begs that question. This higher attention, what does that mean for ads? >> NICKY RETTKE: It means they're paying nor attention to the ads as well. Research those YouTube ads rank number one in attention compared to streaming, social and linear TV. That informtz the way that we design our products because we want to build ad formats for those engaged users so that they can lean in, learn a little more, browse the brand and products and act on their >> JOHN NICOLETTI: I love that. What you're building is working I'm not just saying that because we're friends. The stats back it up. Customers say they're more likely to consider a purchase on YouTube ad than TikTok or Reels. Question number one, the YouTube the best platform for growth, reach, highest attention for ads and leads to better purchase Nailed that, alright. So let's get back to it. Question number two, for marketers that are under pressure to drive results right now, which is literally everybody, how do I get the best possible performance with Demand Gen? >> NICKY RETTKE: Well it's simple. If you want the best performance on YouTube you need Demand Gen in your mix. Now, we look at the performance of advertisers who are just running search campaigns or only running PMax versus those who added Demand Gen into their mix and we see a 10% higher ROAS and 12% higher sales effectively. >> JOHN NICOLETTI: Massive lift. Step one, get Demand Gen in the mix. Also seems like the campaigns are driving better and better What's behind that? >> NICKY RETTKE: It's Gemini. The latest models have super charged our audience targeting. They learn from users' whafor across Search, YouTube and Maps to deeply understand what they're interested in. Now, have you ever discovered something perfect on YouTube, before you even thought to search for it? >> JOHN NICOLETTI: Yes. >> NICKY RETTKE: Great, that's Demand Gen at work. The signals that we have are much better predictors are real intent than anything on social. >> JOHN NICOLETTI: Well, I mean that makes sense. I think if you looked at my social feed you'd see a bunch of puppies right now but that doesn't mean my wife is going to let me get note one but Search, YouTube and Maps is a true reflection of who I am. >> NICKY RETTKE: Yes, it sure is. First of all, I kind of want to see your feed. I also love puppies. >> JOHN NICOLETTI: That's an entirely different podcast. >> NICKY RETTKE: I think this is something people really need to understand. Demand Gen captures billions of moments of real world intent, not just to match, but to actually predict what customers are going to want next and that's how you create demand. Our team has made hundreds of demand changes resulting on 30% conversions on average. >> JOHN NICOLETTI: Massive, the Gemini advantage paying off. We've seen the results from many of you in the room. I'm going to give a couple examples. You know these but for everyone Start with GM. Anyone looking for a new car? I heard a couple. I got one over in the corner, thank you. Probably on the livestream. Buying a car is not and impulse It is a long-term business From a marketing perspective, you have to capture someone early and stay with them through the process. GM stayed with them until the car rolled off the lot. It works, 3X ROI on YouTube across the portfolio. >> JOHN NICOLETTI: You like to travel. Allianz different challenge, similar approach. Nobody thinks about travel insurance until we need it, which meant if Allianz wanted to wait until check-out page to introduce themselves, it was way too late. They used Demand Gen to catch travelers early when excited about planning and made insurance a smart choice, not an afterthought. Again this worked. A 4% incremental lift on revenue, yes, we can cheer for that. >> NICKY RETTKE: Those are amazing results but we also know it works super really for retail. >> JOHN NICOLETTI: We love lead gen and retail. I'll talk about puppies. Petco, any pet parents out there? Let's wake it up, folks. Petco finds loyal pet lovers, not people just chasing a one-time discount. So naturally they expanded to YouTube and the results blew past expectations. Their Demand Gen campaigns outperformed social benchmarks especially during cyber week, which drove stronger ROAS, more clicks and a lift in purchase spent.>> NICKY RETTKE: Love it. Great results, more puppies for >> JOHN NICOLETTI: That's the tent outside. >> NICKY RETTKE: Okay, great. We are always pushing ourselves to deliver more. >> JOHN NICOLETTI: Wait a minute, so is this the part of the show at GML where you're going to come up with some product announcements? >> NICKY RETTKE: You know it. That's why everyone's here, right? This is why I'm here. >> JOHN NICOLETTI: That's why I'm here, too. Let's go. >> NICKY RETTKE: Just to lay some ground work, Demand Gen is already powerful because it gets you in front of your customers on our most visual surfaces. We have Gmail. >> JOHN NICOLETTI: I'm on that 100 times a day. >> NICKY RETTKE: Aren't we all? Discover just got a major upgrade with Gemini. >> JOHN NICOLETTI: I've been spending more time with the feed, the Ads look fantastic as well. >> NICKY RETTKE: Obviously YouTube but I have some big news. This is our first Demand Gen launch of the day. >> NICKY RETTKE: I hear you're a drummer, so can I maybe get a drum roll going? >> JOHN NICOLETTI: I got something better. Check this out. [ Air horn ] You really came prepared. >> JOHN NICOLETTI: The high-production show. Here we go. >> NICKY RETTKE: So Demand Gen Ads are officially expanding to Google Maps. Yes, let's hear it! So Maps plays an important role in the purchase journey. You're reaching people already on a mission to buy. >> JOHN NICOLETTI: That's cool. Maps is something that I feel like is embedded in our lives and everything that we do. If you're putting Demand Gen Ads with Maps that's a game-changer for performance. >> NICKY RETTKE: It will super charge Ads but wait there's Go for it. I know you want to. Let's talk about Product Feeds. >> JOHN NICOLETTI: Do it. >> NICKY RETTKE: They make ads for interactive and shoppable. going to shorten the path to purchase for consumers. >> NICKY RETTKE: Short-cut to check-out pop for those of you using Product Feeds you've seen the results, they drive 33% increase in conversions. So we're going to be expanding these Product Feeds to more places like tablets. >> NICKY RETTKE: First time coming to tablets and also bringing them to pause ads starting on mobile. If you stop the video, you can keep on shopping and the thinking behind the launches, we want to put your most shoppable ads where people are ready to shop. >> JOHN NICOLETTI: Okay and happening on every device. So much goodness here. Google Maps, we have Product Feeds in more places. What else is coming? >> NICKY RETTKE: Well, this is YouTube Marketing Live. >> JOHN NICOLETTI: We said that, >> NICKY RETTKE: We have to talk about the power of creators. We see that adding creator assets to Demand Gen campaigns increases conversion lift by an average of 20%. So we're making it easier to discover and boost those creator assets. So hit it, John. When you set up your Demand Gen campaigns in Google Ads we'll be surfacing relevant creator partnerships that feature your brand, just like get red with me video featuring E.l.f. products. If you like what you see, you can easily add them into your campaign. >> JOHN NICOLETTI: Super easy. >> NICKY RETTKE: If you happen to be part of the YouTube Affiliate Program you can take some of those affiliate partnership videos and boost them, you can see which creators are driving the most sales, take the affiliate videos and boost them directly in Demand Gen. >> JOHN NICOLETTI: I love all of Talk about a brand in the room or livestream putting that into action, Coach. Coach is a classic luxury brand that needed to win over Gen Z, I feel is something I'm doing everyday. They know they could not optimize their way just by focusing on performances. They turned to YouTube and Demand Gen creators to help and they did it with Haley Pham, like 4 million subscribers for authentic storytelling and scaled the assets with Demand The results were massive here, a 60% increase in global top-of-mind awareness and six-fold increase in consideration and sustained growth in Gen Z acquisition, we did that all in one quarter. The big takeaway, they did not choose brand or performance. They did both. They did it on YouTube and that is how you lead in your category. >> NICKY RETTKE: Love it. >> JOHN NICOLETTI: I love it, too. Lots of goodness on Demand Gen. That brings us to our final question, alright, and this is a big one so pay attention. This is the number one question you all ask me every day. I'm hearing more and more marketers say they think YouTube is undervalued. In the media mix, they don't know how to prove it. Final question, how is this paying off in a way that my CFO will care about? >> NICKY RETTKE: Okay, so the truth is that many measurement tools are built off of this legacy concept of clicks. But if that's the way that you're looking at your video campaigns, then you're not seeing the full value. You're not seeing what's really driving sales. To get that full picture of what's actually working, you have to look at measurement with three things in mind. So what counts as a view, how to assign credit across different channels, and how to measure value over time. Now, one thing that's pretty different about YouTube and I touched on this earlier is that people aren't just scrolling past. They really remember that the ads that they see. Sometimes they might see the ad and buy something immediately but more often the engaged view kicks off to a journey that leads to a sale a little bit later. We leaned into the engaged view conversions, the gold standard for video measurement. For a reminder on YouTube, an engaged view means someone actually chose to watch at least five seconds of your ad. >> JOHN NICOLETTI: Alright, what you're saying is not all views are created equal. To the audience I'd ask you, please take a look at your mix and question some of the impressions that you're getting where elsewhere, a split-second scroll-by is not the same as an engaged view. >> NICKY RETTKE: No. Demand Gen and social campaigns can look really similar to consumers but for us all as marketers, the measurement is worlds apart. >> JOHN NICOLETTI: I think there are some plat forms out there that are counting every impression as a win for them, which would mean if your customer engaged on a beautiful YouTube ad, blew by something in their social feed, clicked an ad and converted, another platform could claim credit for the whole conversion. >> NICKY RETTKE: Exactly. Many platforms count every passive impression as a total win for them, which really makes it hard to do apples-to-apples comparisons. But we want to change that. Actually we're bringing the real-world value of YouTube into your measurement and two new updates I'm excited to share. >> JOHN NICOLETTI: You're rolling. Go. >> NICKY RETTKE: You asked for more clarity in your Google reporting. Historically we de-duped conversions across our different campaigns which sometimes made it a little bit tricky to see which conversions were actually driven by your Demand Gen and that's exactly why we're launching campaign-type attribution. So this highlights every conversion that Demand Gen contributes to, so you can see finally how it's performing alongside all of your other channels. >> JOHN NICOLETTI: To things. First of all a very clear explanation and secondly, thank That's something everyone has been asking for quite a while. Thank you for listening. >> NICKY RETTKE: You're welcome. >> JOHN NICOLETTI: There you go! >> NICKY RETTKE: Alright, keep it coming. This is great. >> JOHN NICOLETTI: It's a good audience. >> NICKY RETTKE: I've got more, actually. We know that you also want to see the impact of YouTube in your third-party tools. For that independent third-party validation we're working with partners like TransUnion. You can see the true impact of your video spend across your entire media stack. Finally, providing modern multi-touch attribution that goes beyond this legacy concept of just clicks. >> JOHN NICOLETTI: Alright, we got first party. We got third party. That is the best proof your CFO is going to get, that is us talking about the ultimate metric here, ROI, real tangible performance that drives your That is how you change the conversation with your CFO from being a budget spender to a growth droofr. >> NICKY RETTKE: Oork, I like >> JOHN NICOLETTI: Thank you very much. >> NICKY RETTKE: As marketers you are accountable for short-term sales and long-term brand equity and the metric we use for that is long-term ROAS. The data shows that YouTube drives more than double the long-term ROAS of TV and streaming and paid social and actually with paid social comparison specifically, YouTube's effectiveness is 86% higher. >> JOHN NICOLETTI: Okay I like it, I get it. Some are like a sugar rush but 8% higher long-term ROAS is how you build a business that lasts, the difference between buying the click and investing in real growth. But to really see that growth I urge you all to look at YouTube differently. Only 40% of Demand Gen conversions happen in the first 30 days but really that's just the beginning. And when we look past that initial window, we see a journey that drives value and grows your brand well after that first view. >> JOHN NICOLETTI: That's well said. Let me recap this, don't overlook the power of the view, get the full breakdown of your YouTube performance in Google Ads and own independent third-party reporting. Thank you, we did it. This is probably a good place to wrap up. >> NICKY RETTKE: Yeah, we certainly covered a lot and that was fun. I can't wait to see what you all do with some of these new tools. >> JOHN NICOLETTI: Great stuff. If you have more questions and I know you do, keep it coming and maybe we'll do an episode two. Now we have to go. Please smash the "like" button and subscribe and thanks for joining us. >> NICKY RETTKE: Thanks, everyone. >> If we want to be a part of culture, we have to be part of creating with culture, like Cat's Eye, tapping into the magic of what they do. >> It's not about adjusting in the mix. It's leading the way. Search and YouTube help to get us there. >> Relevance is revenue and there's very few places to do that like Google. >> We want to be where the audiences are. that gives a three-minute video the space that it deserves. >> As important as the Hero video it's a six-second idea as I think that's the reality of how people are engaging with >> It's a video platform that then super charges things like search and intent and >> We think very carefully about the consumer journey, scrolling and searching and streaming and shopping. Google can provide us every single tool throughout the >> The Performance Max and AI Max, the power and the speed with which we can convert an intent into an action has become faster and more collapsed from the content to the commerce. >> My measure of success is when we are able to move someone from passive scrolling to participation. >> Gap, Cat's Eye, inject all of this. >> When you see people recreating what you're doing, that's when you know you've permeated culture. >> We have' seen a double-digit increase in our ROAS year over year. We've seen our brand searches for Gap outpace that even of Cat's Eye. >> And I see people go into the store because of something we made, it's extremely validating >> People who were expose to the Cat's Eye YouTube video, had bigger basket sizes. >> The results we're seeing, the conversations with our CFO is even more fun. >> That's the name of the game and nobody does it better than >> JOSH MOSER: Hi, everyone. It's time to talk about creative! We're going to talk about a very -- thank you for the cheer. It is an awesome topic. specific kind of creative today, it's the creatives that drive performance at kale. With me is Michelle Pham, the founder of Inner Child and she'll show you some of the latest innovations we're bringing to the Google Ads Asset Studio. >> MICHELLE PHAM: Thanks, Josh! It's exciting to be with you today. >> JOSH MOSER: You'll see, Michelle has built something really special. >> MICHELLE PHAM: Thank you! It's been a wild two years starting this company! We use Google products every >> JOSH MOSER: Thank you for >> The biggest game-changer for us has been the creative tools. We sell so many beautiful products, handmade by artisans all over the world. I love telling that story. But we're a very lean team. I always need more assets and fresh content than I can actually make. >> JOSH MOSER: You are not alone in that. Something we've heard from so many of you. No matter how big or small your business is, everyone is hungry for more and better creative. And that makes sense, because we see that creative drives nearly half of all incremental ad sales. It's a huge number and that means it's the single biggest driver of your ad effectiveness by a wide margin and that's exactly why we built Asset It's your creative home base in Google Ads -- one place to organize, build, and test everything. >> MICHELLE PHAM: Josh, it's definitely become my creative home. >> JOSH MOSER: And it keeps getting better. We've integrated our most advanced models, Gemini, Veo and Nano Banana into Asset Studio. And this summer, we're adding Companies our latest model, you just heard about at I/O, Gemini Omni. Asset Studio is also becoming more connected to your creative workflows. We know that your creative assets live in a lot of different tools. So we've made it very easy to just pull them all into Asset That means whether you're using YouTube Studio, Product Studio, Pomelli or if you're working in tools like Adobe or Canva, it all just shows up in your library. And for those of you managing thousands of ads at scale, we've even opened this up through our API to help you scale instantly. Michelle, you've been spending some time in Asset Studio lately. Want to show us what you've been building? >> MICHELLE PHAM: Absolutely. Let's go, Josh. So, my brand is all about whimsical home decor. We have a large and growing catalogue. And keeping things fresh for every single product is a constant challenge. >> JOSH MOSER: I can only imagine. So where do you start? >> MICHELLE PHAM: I've been using Pomelli; it's this incredible tool from Google Labs. It's really simple. I just paste in my website URL, and it instantly generates on-brand images and videos for my site and social. Just like these amazing assets here. >> JOSH MOSER: These are beautiful. Let's show everyone how you actually turn them into ad campaigns in Asset Studio. >> MICHELLE PHAM: Let's do it. I'm working on a new campaign for summer right now. And I really need some variety and some different visual directions. images from my Asset Studio Library. We need to add in the brand Then, tell the tool what I'm dreaming up. You can be super conversational like, "I'd like to create an ad campaign focused on my new line of marbled lampshades. I'm trying to reach millennial home decorators." >> JOSH MOSER: I like it gives you a ton of headlines, descriptions and image options to choose and edit and refine. What do you think? >> MICHELLE PHAM: Yeah, they look great. They're vibrant and sticking to my brand guidelines. >> JOSH MOSER: Question we did plan this. Glad it's going well. You need video and a lot of them so you can crush those When you make videos in Asset Studio, you can be confident they are built to perform on >> MICHELLE PHAM: Video say pain point for a lot of us. I definitely immediate more videos. Let's see what happens when my idea turns into a video. >> JOSH MOSER: Let's do it. This is where it gets fun. First, you choose a narrative, which will be the basis of your video content. Next you get a storyboard where you can see it before it's rendered. You can tweak the storyboard, swap out scenes, or change the flow right there. >> MICHELLE PHAM: It's fantastic. I love how I have more than one option. There's a lot of versions depending on my goals. >> JOSH MOSER: Should we watch the video? >> MICHELLE PHAM: Yep, let's see it. >> Welcome to a live in color, lampshades hand crafted by master art I Sans, each one unique. Shop Inner Child. PURCHASE MICHELLE PHAM: Thank you, Josh, this unreal. This is incredibly exciting. A small team it's a huge lift to make videos and they just take too long for us. I feel like this opens a whole new world for us. >> JOSH MOSER: Not only are the videos easier to make, it's super fast to run campaigns with the assets. That brings us to the most important point. Your business can't afford to waste money on ads that don't work. >> MICHELLE PHAM: You know it, every dollar counts. >> JOSH MOSER: That's why we're making testing a standard part Just select your assets, hit "Save and Create Test," and the system automatically runs them against your current top performers to see which one wins. For larger businesses, even if you are creating your assets elsewhere, this is a really important function for you. It gives you the agility to constantly test new variations and see what's driving results. >> MICHELLE PHAM: Every business needs more data. As a bootstrap founder this is a dream. It's helping me grow and giving me time back to focus on the parts of the business I love. >> JOSH MOSER: I love to hear That's exactly what we want for all of our partners, creatives that perform at scale. Michelle, thank you so much for being here. I hope all of your lampshades sell out after this demo. >> MICHELLE PHAM: I wouldn't complain! Thanks so much, Josh, for having me here today. >> JOSH MOSER: Alright, everyone, the tools are ready. No more excuses. It's time to start creating! >> GAURAV BHAYA: Hello, GML! It's great to be back! We've seen some incredible AI innovations on this stage today tools that transform your creative and supercharge your And now, the section you've all been waiting for. Oh, I wish I had that YouTube buzzer with me right now. There you go! It's data and measurement! Alright, I'm not delusional. I know this isn't the most fun and exciting topic for many of you. I'm the person asking you to eat broccoli when you're at the dessert table. But hey, you gotta eat your broccoli. Measurement is arguably the biggest difference-maker in the performance of your ads. None of the incredible AI innovation you saw today matters if your measurement foundation isn't built to capture it. Measurement is the competitive edge that powers your AI. It helps you make smarter And it makes your outcomes more valuable. Successfully navigating this complex landscape requires a modern measurement playbook. It's anchored on three things. First, data strength, this is your ground truth. Connecting your data is how you fuel your strategy. Second, causality. To move at the speed of AI, you need timely signals that you can trust. Causality is what proves what exactly is driving your And third is a unified view. You cannot measure modern consumer journeys in silos. You need a unified picture across every channel to invest your next dollar in confidence. To show you what this looks like in practice, how about an explainer video from someone you probably follow on YouTube? Let's hear it from Neil Patel, the founder of "NP digital." in practice. >> NEIL PATEL: Last year, a client came to us with a campaign that crushed it. Seven figures in tracked revenue. Everyone was high-fiving. Happy days, right? Not so fast. They couldn't explain what drove the success. All the reports pointed to different things. So they didn't know how to replicate the results. So I started to dig in to see how we could solve this, because it seems like a lot of companies have this problem. And I found that Google has a three-part approach that actually works. First you need data strength, a clean signal. Most companies have their data scattered across five or six different tools that don't talk to each other. And on top of that, ad blockers and browser restrictions are quietly eating your data before it even reaches you. So you're making decisions based on incomplete data and you don't even know what's missing. To address this, we consolidated everything through Google's Data Manager -- one place where all our sources connect. Then we activated Google Tag Gateway to protect our signals. That's part one. Bring your data together. Second, you gotta have the right measures to know what works. Look, customer journeys are complex. You see a video ad. You go search to learn more. You forget about it. You get retargeted, click an ad and buy something. How do you really know what worked? Which step was important? A sale isn't a single moment. It's a process. You can run incrementality experiments. But they are time consuming and only provide a snapshot, not the whole picture. And your customers and business are more dynamic than ever before. The tough question is, how can you make good investments without timely information? Our attribution said one thing. Our experiments said something And people would pick whichever number made them feel the most comfortable. That's why you need always-on ways to measure causality like Attributed Branded Searches and Qualified Long-Term Conversions. Third, you need a single view. So we turned to Meridian, Google's open-source MMM. What it does is simple. It combines metrics like clicks, views, cost, and conversions with causal test results to create one clear picture of It's transparent to your finance team or any third party can trust the math. Now you can sit down with your CFO and say, "Here's exactly what our marketing drove." what our marketing drove. Here's the proof. Here's where we should move money next quarter." Since adopting this approach, we've gained the clarity and confidence to double down on what's working and cut what isn't. And for the first time, our clients, CEOs and CFOs, have stopped asking "what would happen to our sales if we turned off our ads." Instead, they started asking how we could deploy more. Look, the playbook already exists. The real question is, when do you want to take the guesswork out of marketing? >> GAURAV BHAYA: Thank you so much, Neil. Well said. I see why he does so well on Let's unpack what Neil just laid out. First, data. In a market moving this fast, the rewards of getting your data right compound quickly. In fact, advertisers who build their "data strength" with first-party data see an 11% average increase in incremental ROAS. The iconic shoe company, Doc Martens, is a great example of what data can do for you. They integrated their first-party data into Google Ads and fed it directly into "Performance Max." This drove an immediate 16% jump in revenue. And that is just the initial gain. These gains should accelerate over time. If you aren't connecting your data, you are already behind. And you're feeling behind every Which is why we're making it easier for you. It is one connector across Google that measures audiences. It's built with the whole industry using standard lab copy. You don't have to share data over and over the different network. You share it once and it's automatically works everywhere. Second, you need to understand causality. Here we're giving you two powerful new signals. First Attributed Branded Searches now available in Google Ads and Google Marketing Platform. This is the clear signal that your ad created intent. Attributed Branded Searches tracks short-term. This is important. But what about long-term impact? This is why we are introducing a NEW POWERFUL METRIC: Qualified Future Conversions. They connected the signals such as follow-up branded searches video views or site visits up to six months in advance. This means you can finally change the conversation you're having with your CFO. Instead of defending your spend, you're proving its long-term value. UK retailer "Crew Clothing" is a great example of why this matters. They ran a YouTube prospecting campaign that looked flat over a 30-day window. The results just weren't there. In the past they would have cut the campaign. But when they looked through the lens of Qualified Future Conversions, the true value was REVEALED: A 70% uplift in long-term conversions. Because they could see the future value of their ads, they Didn't cut their campaigns, instead they scaled it. SO YOU HAVE THE SIGNALS: Attributed branded Searches for the short-term and Qualified Future Conversions for the long term. They give you both speed and truth. And you know we love our acronyms so much at Google so feel free to say ABS for attributed Branded Searches and qualified Future Conversions, QFC! [ Air Horn ] [ Crowd Chanting ] Believe me, this is a team you are gonna want to be a part of! To get the full, unified picture, they need to talk to each other, otherwise it just tells a part of the story. This brings us to the third and FINAL POINT: A Unified View. That's where Meridian, our Next generation open source MMM comes in. The more data and more signals you provide it, the better it gets. But whether you have an army of data scientists or a lean team, you need a command center that is powerful and actionable. For those of you who want a powerful, turnkey solution, we are bringing the intelligence of Meridian directly into a re-imagined Google Analytics 360. This is your new command center for modern measurement. We are making cross-channel measurement seamless. For the first time, you can analyze your performance across Google, TikTok, Pinterest, Snap and other social media platforms, all in one place! And now you can actually "scenario plan" across these channels in Google Analytics 360, powered by Meridian. We are making it easy by connecting sophisticated intelligence to our agentic So you can just talk in natural You can ask questions such as, "How should I budget for next quarter?" Or, "How are my ads performing across channels?" My colleague, Selin, will be out in just a moment to show you how agentic experiences work end to end. But before I pass the baton, remember, measurement is your competitive edge and the engine for your growth. Build your data strength. Leverage timely causality signals. Unify your view in one place. And don't forget to eat your This is your playbook, and we are your partner in this >> SELIN SONG: What a transformational moment in marketing for us as an industry, and as individuals. With all these new opportunities, we are all rethinking how we spend our time. How we spend our energy. Look, you all know your stuff. You are excellent at running media campaigns. Whether you're getting under the hood yourself or hiring rock stars to do it, you know how to navigate that media maze, that expertise in execution is one of your superpowers. But things are changing; execution is becoming a commodity. And will no longer be a competitive advantage. Because when the technical side becomes easier for everyone, your true edge comes back to WHAT ONLY YOU CAN PROVIDE: Your strategy. Now, what's making that possible? I'm going to use the "A" word. No, not that one. Close, but not that one either. I'm talking about "Ask." Think about how you "ask Google" for help. You ask Maps, "Is there a pickleball court with lights on where I can play tonight?" You ask Photos the name of that amazing restaurant you loved on With the amazing tacos. You are already an expert at asking for what you need. Now you have "Ask Advisor" working for your ads business. Last year we started rolling out agents in our various ads products. But thanks to your feedback, we're moving from a family of agents to one Ask Advisor. Yes! Ask Advisor acts as your new team of experts all rolled into one experience. Now you can ask tough questions like, "How can I optimize my campaign for new customer acquisition?" Or "Show me abandoned carts across new and existing customers by region?" And you'll get responses tailored to your data. You shouldn't have to have a Ph.D. in data analytics to get the best results. We're using agentic technology to shoulder the burden of technical execution, so you can spend less time wrestling with tools and more time following up on strategic insights to win in the market. Now, we're here at our Bay View campus with the very team who is building in. Let's check in with them. Priya, are you there? Tell everyone what you've been up to. >> PRIYA: Hey, GML! This is the team working on the coolest agentic technology for markers. >> Hey, GML! >> PRIYA: Last year, we gave you AI advisors everywhere. It was a great start but we are not stopping, because we know that moving between our platforms still feels like work. And we wanted to change that. Turns out, the latest Gemini models are precisely the breakthrough that we needed. The tech is now so powerful that we have been able to connect the dots across our entire ecosystem. Ads, Analytics Merchant, Google Marketing Platform you're talking to one continuous intelligent partner that understands your business as deeply as you do. We built a shared memory layer, So Ask Advisor remembers your goals as you move from one task to another. No more reprompting. No more 100 open tabs. Just proactive guidance every step of the way. I could geek out about the engineering all day, but trust me, this is so cool. We can't wait for to you try it. Back to you, Selin. >> SELIN SONG: Thanks, Priya. >> Bye! >> SELIN SONG: There's nothing like hearing directly from the people building the products, but we really want to show you where the Ask Advisor can do for Let's watch the video. >> Wow, that's a big target. Where should I start? What if I just ask? >> Introducing Ask Advisor. An agentic end-to-end work flow to help achieve your marketing goals. All you need to do is ask. >> I want to focus on new Dyson customers. Hmm, a strong plan. >> A single continuous conversation that connects across Google Ads, Merchant Center, Google Analytics and other platforms to achieve your goals across every campaign. Ask Advisor keeps track of your goals no matter where you are and recommends strategies to reach them. >> Nice. You remembered. Yes. Let's optimize and add those product details. Looking good. >> It remembers your conversations, understands your business and spots opportunities for improvement. >> Sure. Let's try it. >> Ask Advisor can offer creative assistance, brainstorm and generate assets and copy. >> Generate a draft? Let's add to that Google Ads. Looks great. >> It can even launch campaigns >> Wow, almost there. Woo, that worked out. That's great engagement. >> See what's driving results with Ask Advisor's holistic reports and understand reports across Google's platform. >> Nice, precision paid off. Okay, great. Home stretch now. >> And it continuously optimizes with you. >> We did it! >> So don't start from scratch. Start with the conversation, and hit all your marketing goals. >> Just ask. >> SELIN SONG: Alright, wow, what an unlock! It is so powerful to have these advisors working for marketers across platforms. And this is just the beginning of what agentic technology is going to do for your business. What was previously impossible is truly becoming possible. If you are a large enterprise, you always have more ideas and opportunities than you can go after. Expand to new markets. Reach more consumer segments. Deepen your customer experience. You're always being asked for Now you can spend more time on the outcomes you want to achieve rather than the minutiae of execution that will get you there. If you're a small business, you've spent years feeling like the underdog. Limited by resources and Capabilities, the Advisor will act as your equalizer. You may not have 10X the resources but you can have 10X the speed, agility and impact. This is the outside expertise you thought you couldn't afford. And finally, my agency partners. with more agentic support, you'll have new avenues to be successful and new services to offer. I've spoken with agencies who say they can now serve customers they didn't have the capacity to work with before, or they didn't think would be profitable. The impact equation is evolving! You can service 50 clients with the same team that used to be stretched thin with 10. So whether you are a global titan, an underdog, or the agency that powers them, the OPPORTUNITY IS CLEAR: We are building a world that was previously impossible. Soon all you'll have to do is "Ask." You'll just open up your Ads, Analytics, Merchant Center, Google Marketing Platform or any of our advertising tools and start using the Ask Advisor. We're entering this new frontier together. It is such an honor to be on this journey with you. Now, my colleague Sean is going to wrap us up and ensure you have everything you need to put all this technology to work for your business. Thank you! >> SEAN DOWNEY: So what do we think? It's an exciting time to work in our industry, right? But listen, I get it. It can feel a little overwhelming at times. I want to make sure when you leave here you have absolute clarity so you can take it back to your teams. If you remember one thing and one thing only, I hope it's THIS: Our Gemini advantage is your business advantage. The performance you see today is actually just the baseline for tomorrow. Why? Because our technology gets better every single day. So let's quickly recap. AI has supercharged -- AI has supercharged -- no, wait, this doesn't work. Maybe it's like my TV at home. Sometimes you got to knock on these things, maybe do one of these. I thought we were going to have a seamless show. I'll check, it's unplugged, bear with me. Hopefully it works. >> Is this on? Through are. Okay, let's do a recap. But first, a quick tour. >> We are hearing that AI has supercharged Google Search. There's more searches than ever and more ways for to you ask. Now the best Ads are answers. Back to you. >> AI Max and PMax make you that answer. >> Agentic Commerce is here. It all starts with Merchant Center. To be discovered, make sure your product needs are rich and accurate. >> YouTube is a brand-building powerhouse and a massive driver of conversions. >> Demand Gen is how you create and convert that demand. >> Need high-performing ads across every new format? Our most powerful AI models power Google Ads Asset Studio to generate ads that work at scale. >> Getting measurement right has compounding effects for your Nail the foundations. Connect and tag your data, measure causality, and compare with MMMs. >> I understand it now. >> Woo! >> Okay, other Sean, you can take it from here. >> SEAN DOWNEY: That was super cool. You all got to get one of those things, it's a best way to get around. Thank you, other Seans. I've been waiting for those other Seans my entire life. They can help on productivity. I'd like to get to New York faster. Since they're late on details, I'm going to wrap up for them. Bear with me for a beat longer. If there's any room that understands that repetition aids recall it's certainly this one. Let's get to it. Okay, Vidhya opened by telling you we are listening to you. And trust me, we are! When you win, that's when we win. Which means your pain points are our pain points. So let's see if we delivered on everything that we said we would. And remember, no matter what you sell or how big your business is, there's something for everyone in the room. Okay, you asked for clarity on where Search is headed and most importantly what it means for We showed you how AI is the best thing that has ever happened to Google Search. People can now search for whatever they want, however they want. And they've responded by searching more than ever before. We actually showed you new ad formats, personalized recommendations, direct offers at the highest moment of intent and then ads that you can chat with and even ads that have native check-out. Now the best ads are really just great answers. AI Max and PMax make all of you that great answer. Okay, You also asked "how to be a part of the future of Commerce" and we showed you that Agentic Commerce isn't just coming; it's here today. We've assembled all the pieces that you need, the shopping graph, the payments, the cloud infrastructure, and now "Universal Commerce Protocol." But the most important thing that you can do today is focus on your Product Feeds in Merchant Center. Rich feeds are the fuel to help you get discovered. You also asked, "How to unlock performance on YouTube." Until marketers are asked to choose. Build your brand and culture or drive sales and the sooner the I ask all of you, why should you compromise when YouTube can do both for you. Demand Gen is driving conversions like never before, with better signals, more shoppable formats and even more surfaces. You can get better results when you add YouTube creators that build a community, the trust and the residents that drives your brand growth and we have new measurement solutions like "Campaign Type Attribution" finally lets you stack YouTube up against social. Demand Gen is how you unlock You also asked how to help with generative creative because you need ads that work at scale. Creative is still the number one driver of your performance and we're making it easier to take advantage of all the visual ads formats we offer. We showed you how you can create, edit and optimize image and video assets directly in Google Ads with Asset Studio. And finally, you asked "for tools that better guide your marketing investment." We showed you the compounding effects of data strength. So first, you got to connect those signals. Help us show you what's working best for your business. When you upgrade to Google Tag Gateway and integrate your offline CRM, you will see a world of difference. Second, prove your impact through true measures of causality, and finally get that unified view across your channels with MMMs like meridian. And if you want, you can transform Google Analytics 360 into your unified command center to invest with speed and confidence across your entire marketing mix. Now, marketers like you and in this room and on this stream are leading the way on AI transformation. But there is still a gap between what the technology can do and what marketers are actually doing with it. I want to make sure you close this gap so you can realize the performance you saw today and improve your businesses. That's why we created the ROI Essentials company. Think of these on the must do's to get you on the right road. I like to call them the brilliant basics but they're really just practical, next steps to share with your teams, your agencies, your partners, things that get everyone on the foundational path to excellence. And also to make sure you are getting the best performance out of Search, YouTube and our Commerce solutions. So scan away. Get your teams working. Set those AIs, maybe deadlines for two weeks, probably a good timeline for you and we'll get you on the right path. Okay, it's an absolute privilege for all of us here at Google to be a part of your business success. So we thank you for your trust. We thank you for your partnership as we go on this incredibly wild ride together. And I thank you for joining us at this year's Google Marketing Live event. For those of you on the livestream, please stay with us because we have an incredible post show coming up. You'll hear from more product leaders who will take your questions and go deeper into the product innovations that you saw right here this morning. So I really thank you for being here again. >> Wow, what a keynote. For those who missed the pre-show, I'm Maya Shankar, and I am thrilled to be your host as we debrief the latest updates. That keynote has jam-packed with new features and solutions that are going to really translate AI-powered innovation into tangible impact for customers in And back from his stint on the main stage, I'm excited to welcome back John Nicoletti, Vice President of Google Customer Solutions. >> JOHN NICOLETTI: Thanks, Maya. There's so much to be excited about. If you need a recap of the announcements made or more recordings and takeaways for the day, combine it on Excel Rate can Google. We're also bringing your most pressing questions from the live Q&A to search and YouTube product leaders in our "Ads Decoded" podcast recording right after this. >> MAYA SHANKAR: You know I love a good podcast, John. Before we get into the product deep dive, I think you wanted to talk about the people who actually are using these innovations. It's one thing for us to demo features on stage, but the real magic happens when they're in the hands of marketers and agencies. >> JOHN NICOLETTI: Exactly, Maya. That's really the essence of what we want to celebrate with The Google Ads Impact Awards- the people who do incredible things with our products. These awards honor the individuals and agencies who are innovating with AI and Google Ads to push the boundaries of creativity and make marketing magic, all while driving measurable business impact. And the competition this year was fierce. We had hundreds of submissions from the U.S. and Canada. Our jury, including some of our distinguished colleagues at Google, as well as leaders from the 4As, the Association of Canadian Advertisers, and the Canadian Media Directors' Council had the massive task of selecting only the best-of-the-best. >> MAYA SHANKAR: This is super exciting! Let's announce the winners, John. >> JOHN NICOLETTI: We had five award categories this year but I want to start with our highest honor, the AI Excellence Award. This award recognizes a truly holistic mastery of AI across Search, Measurement, and Creative. Our first winner - Heidi Giggie, representing Royal Bank of Canada - redefined what's possible in the financial services space. They didn't just use AI - they integrated it across AI Max for Search and Bid Exploration, Performance Max, and Demand Gen to drive a 76% lift in approved credit card applications. Let's see how they took a challenge and turned it into a >> In the high stakes world of credit cards, winning means being the first choice for consideration with new Royal Bank of Canada replaced disconnected campaigns with the synchronized Google Ads engine. By unifying their search and Discover channels the impact was transformative. A 341% increase in reach and a massive 76% surge in approved applications. For mastering a full funnel AI-driven strategy, we congratulate our AI excellence award winner, Royal Bank of >> JOHN NICOLETTI: Their approach to orchestrating AI solutions proved to be a total game-changer in a competitive market. And our agency winner, Wpromote, took a different but equally bold shift by modernizing the conversion engine to fuel Performance Max and broad match with data-rich CRM signals for their client, Learning Care Group. Here's how they used AI to boost Learning Care Group's enrollment growth, resulting in a 331% increase in registrations. >> In early education, every search represents a family's future, but not every lead say perfect match. To help Learning Care Group grow across 1 is brands, Wpromote connects intent with real world enroll the. They reached the people most likely to enroll, the result a 331% increase in registrations while making every marketing dollar work 49% harder. For redefining growth at scale with data-driven empathy, we award winner, Wpromote. >> MAYA SHANKAR: It's so inspiring to see campaigns that are not just driving traffic; they're driving transformational business impact. But the excellence doesn't stop We also want to celebrate our winners in our specialized categories, starting with Creative Impact. Creative Impact recognizes those who are creating engaging and effective ads that deliver powerful and relevant marketing messages to their target I'm thrill to announce Kevin Le, representing Brennan Enterprises and our agency winner, SearchKings for their exceptional work. Next up, our Data Innovation award showcases those who used Google Ads data, along with AI, to make data-driven decisions that improve their campaign strategy and performance. Congratulations to Matthew Umbro from Arbutus Digital And our agency winner, Glassroom. >> JOHN NICOLETTI: As we continue to recognize more exceptional work, I'm excited to announce the winners of a new award category this year. International Growth demonstrates how marketers are leveraging Ads and AI to navigate business expansion, connecting with new global customers to drive sustainable Our very first winners of this award are Tim Davis from ElevenLabs and Brainlabs Digital for Agency! And last, but certainly not least - Media Achievement honors those driving real business impact by delivering specific, personalized ads to the right customer at the right time. Congratulations, Christian Walker from VistaPrint and LGG Media for Agency. >> MAYA SHANKAR: Congratulations again to our winners, and thank you for raising the bar for the industry by pushing the boundaries of what's possible with AI in Google Ads. If you'd like more details on their winning strategies, visit accelerate.withgoogle.com/awards Now John, I know that winning a Google Ads Impact Award is a huge achievement for marketers. But for every one of these winners, there are thousands more who are in Google Ads every day; they're optimizing, testing, and putting in the work to get to that level. >> JOHN NICOLETTI: We want to recognize the vital role marketers play in driving business results, ensuring every step, from creating concept to final execution, delivers tangible growth. So I am thrilled to officially launch Rewards, an exclusive new offering from Accelerate with It's simple. Once you join, you'll receive personalized goals specifically designed to drive ROI for your business and grow your expertise. As you complete these goals - driving real impact through strategic refinement, testing, and adoption of new features, you'll earn points. And here's the best part: you can redeem your points to claim premium prizes in our Rewards store, like a subscription to Google AI Pro for advanced AI features, access to MasterClass courses, and more. We're rolling out Rewards on an invite-only basis to users in the U.S., with more markets to follow shortly. Keep an eye out for more details! To access Rewards, in addition to the latest announcements, product training direct from our experts and more, make sure to sign up for Accelerate with Whether you're winning a Google Ads Impact Award or earning points through our new Rewards program, we want to celebrate you for your work and the impact that it drives. >> MAYA SHANKAR: Thanks, John. We want to get you on your way to driving results using some of the big announcements we saw on the main stage. That's why coming into this Studio next is "Ads Decoded," live from Bay View. Our Ads Liaison, Ginny Marvin, is sitting down with the literal architects behind these products to break down the tech behind the headlines. I'm Maya Shankar. Thank you so much for watching >> GINNY MARVIN: Hello everyone. I'm Ginny Marvin and this is a very special edition of "Ads Decoded" here at Google Joining me today are advertising platform senior director Josh Moser, Christine Turner, managing director for measurement, data and audiences, and Chris Monkman, Senior Director for Ads and AI experiences. Welcome, Josh, Christine and Chris. It's great to have you here. Each of you have been in Search, YouTube and measurement for so many years, and what is standing out to you about this moment? Josh, why don't we start with you? >> JOSH MOSER: One thing that stands out to me is the pace of development. It's really cool how we're seeing some of these new AI-enabled work flows and other capabilities take product ideas that felt like science fiction a year or two ago and let us turn them into real live products for people to use. The creative spaces is certainly one where we've seen a lot of I think both the quality and the capability to help brainstorm new creative messaging, create an image on an stage even video is remarkable and part of what I like about these developments is it's not just about the quality of what's being produced. We're basically finding new ways for advertisers to provide inputs around how do they want their brand to show up, what are the types of audiences they want to reach and what types of creatives do they want to show to the audiences. That enables a level of personalization that wasn't possible even a year or two ago. So fulfilling to work on those types of products and bring them to live. >> GINNY MARVIN: How about you, Chris? >> CHRIS MONKMAN: It's an exciting time to work in Search. With the AI experiences I feel like Search has become so much more powerful and helpful. You know, like we're seeing it definitely in the user data, a lot more long queries and complicated queries coming away, definitely more growth in the kind of things that users bring to us and even in my own personal life. We introduced AI Mode exactly a year ago, and you know, it was at first a really helpful feature but now I find I'm starting all of my search journeys there. The other thing that's really striking to me is the technology pace itself. So you know, I've been working on quality models for Ads for over a decade. And it's really striking to see how good Gemini is at things like relevance. And lastly, you know, I think the change in user behavior and their sort of expectations around what a search result looks like is really shifted. We're seeing a lot more demand for answers and in fact, that's what Vidhya called out in the keynote. To me, this is driving a lot of our roadmap these days. Christine? >> CHRISTINE TURNER: How exciting to be here talking about creative and AI and I think just as an industry, it's a really exciting time. But for me on the measurement side, I think what's been really fascinating, I've been in this space now for over 20 years and it feels like on the measurement conversation, we've officially graduated from the world where we're really talking about campaign metrics, things like tracking clicks to really being in a space where this is all about business outcomes for advertisers. And we have on been on that journey a long time and we're on the other side of that. Hopefully people have seen this in the announcement its today we're moving to a world where measurement is not just about a report card. It's not looking backwards and here is the proof on how I performed but it's actually becoming the fuel for performance moving forward. And becoming more predictive. It gives marketers a lot more data to make great decisions on. >> GINNY MARVIN: The through-line AI is impacting all aspects from creative to the Ads to the way we can measure and report. And activate. We'll dig into several of the announcements we heard about on stage around YouTube creative and new ad experiences in AI Mode. Chris, let's start with you. Sylvanus and Vidhya show cased new ad experience your team is working on for AI Mode and Vidhya mentioned specifically we aren't specifically putting Ads in AI experiences. We're reinventing what an ad is. Your team is behind that, no small task. You spoke a little bit about the changing consumer behavior, but how are those changes that you're seeing in AI Mode, AI Overviews shaping the work that you're doing on ad experiences? >> CHRIS MONKMAN: We've always been really focused on trust, on ad healthiness and relevance as well as advertiser value. The difference is that expectations are really changed. The bar is so much higher these days. So let's just take trust, for example. You know, definitely what you see in the ad form as we showed today as usual clearly labeled and sponsored. With direct offers, users can only get a better deal. It's working to find more value. Another thing that is striking is the change in relevance. These days the context matters so much. The users come to us with a long and complex query. It's hard to understand that query with traditional methods and then there's a rich AI response. And we need to match the ads not to the more complicated query but also to the rich AI response and so we're leveraging Gemini to match ads to the query now. That's really changed like the quality I think of the results that we're giving and the healthiness of the response. >> GINNY MARVIN: This brings me to keywords, long been a north star of intent and you type in a few words, you get results back on Search, YouTube, that is changing as you've been explaining. So it's requiring a lot of rewiring, mindset shift for AI Max has built to help respond to these shifts and we've also heard ways today about how PMax and Demand Gen are also getting better at understanding intent. And so PMax and AI Max were very much emphasized as the ways to show up in these new ad experiences and AI Mode. Question again also from our live Q&A that has come up is, why are AI Max and PMax the ways to buy these new ads and what can they enable that standard shopping and search campaigns cannot? >> CHRIS MONKMAN: So there's really two important parts to The first is that the query stream has materially changed. So we're seeing a lot longer queries, much more complex queries with very interesting sort of constraints on them. The users are coming to us with much harder problems. And you know, it's just very difficult to ever choose keywords manually that can match these queries. We're seeing a lot of benefit from using Gemini to look at the context of the AI Mode response as well as user's query and decide what ads are relevant and so it's very important that advertisers enable automated targeting so that we can match their ads better to these queries. And the second part that you sort of saw in the formats that Vidhya announced today we're trying to dynamically generate the query text to better answer the user's need. What we're clearly seeing in the user are he search is that users are expecting answers. They don't want results out to a page. They want to have a better understanding of why the ad is relevant to them. So that text customization part of PMax and AI Max is critical for advertisers to adopt. The thing we heard a lot from advertisers, though, is that they worry a lot about control. We've been listening very carefully to advertiser feedback and that's why we announced the AI Brief. The idea here is that yes, we need to adapt this creative, realtime to really understand the user's needs and sort of explain the why, but we also have to do it in a way that respects the advertiser's brand message and gives them the control over the audiences that they want to target as well. >> GINNY MARVIN: Um-hum. >> CHRIS MONKMAN: So the AI Brief rolls that all into one so there's the targeting aspect to There's the creative messaging part to it and we think this is a really great way for advertisers to take advantage of all this AI sort of matching and text customization in a way that fits their goals and gives them the control that they need. >> GINNY MARVIN: That's building on the text guidelines that we have already had and will roll automatically into AI Brief and there were at least a couple of formats that were specifically tailored for the gen advertisers which I'm sure a lot of our audience is excited to see. Christine, data and measurement are so important for ensuring that lead gen advertisers can generate quality leads. We talked about this in-depth in a recent Lead Gen episode and Gaurav talked about the compounding effects of data strength and we've also announced more tools to help do the heavy lifting for So what do you see as the biggest opportunity for Lead Gen advertisers in particular to improve their data and measurement game? >> CHRISTINE TURNER: Data, data, data in all formats that something we talk a lot about. One of the very interesting things is a continued evolution of our access or implementation of tagging but very importantly for Lead Gen advertisers as One of the things I'm excited is bringing the simplicity of tagging through Google Tag Manager into Google Ads and Google Analytics. Regardless of where you are as a marketer, you'll have access to that upgrading of your tags. In addition to that, of course we've spent the last few years really talking about the importance of bringing in offline data as well as identifiers in through Data Manager and I think the importance for Lead Gen advertisers is being able to shift from the place where you're just look the at volume on some of the early signal, things like somebody completed a form or clicked through to a website, and actually being able to bring back in the value that comes on the other side. So for Lead Gen in particular, we see longer sales cycles or longer cycles. Being able to get that data back into our systems ultimately is what fuels your AI products even better, right. So we don't just want to drive leads. We want to drive high-quality, high-value leads for marketers. And so building those connections continues to be critical. >> GINNY MARVIN: And I think also the point about -- I just wanted to go back to the Google Tag Manager which is underscoring the fundamental importance of tagging. I think it's something that people set it and forget it, do it once, don't come back to it, and so having Tag Manager accessible n as Analytics I was excited to see that. >> CHRISTINE TURNER: Very exciting. We had an evolution in Tags. You look at what we've done with Google Tag Gateway in particular, this is helping marketers enable signals ad blockers would have otherwise stripped from your campaigns and not just drive a view of attribution but actually that helps you like feed back into optimization, which is a compounding effect that Gaurav was talking about today. >> GINNY MARVIN: I know not today but we've recently announced more partnerships for Google Tag Gateway to be able to more easily implement that. >> CHRISTINE TURNER: And more coming. So we're very excited about >> GINNY MARVIN: Alright, we also announced some other things for measurement, branded searches is largely rolled out at this point. We also announced new Qualified Future Conversions and campaign type attributions. What are you excited about in this area and why? >> CHRISTINE TURNER: I'm excited about all of it. I'll start from the bottom of Campaign Type Attribution has been a request from marketers for a very long time. I think many people know as a default in our conversion attribution, we do conversions across all campaign types within your Google mix. And I think in particular for the campaign type of Demand Gen leading a consumer down the path to conversion, there's always been a question of what role has it played in that conversion path for consumers. And so Campaign Type Attribution allows marketers to look at the direct link that Demand Gen has in that attribution path and see that which is a more apples-to-apples view for what we also get a lot of requests about to other social platforms. Really it's about isolating that Demand Gen performance and really understanding how it's influencing future conversions >> GINNY MARVIN: You can see the full spectrum of where it's assisting along the way. >> CHRISTINE TURNER: Exactly. You've also mentioned attributed branded search. Which is an exciting, new metric as that you said, it has mostly rolled out. But really this is about linking, after user is exposed to an ad, did they take a search for your brand or your specific product, which we know through a lot of research is highly connected to future intent. But it's a metric that gives marketers that realtime view of what's happening and how your campaign is ultimately driving more people again through that funnel. We've seen in different categories that marketers actually can use that information on attributed brand searches to predict future market share, future sales and then the Qualified Future Conversions is very much in that category, too. It looks at signals like attributed brand searches but importantly a lot of other signals that consumers do after being exposed to an ad, and what it does is really mathematically predict what future profitable growth would look like for that marketer. And so I'm really excited about this, because we know decision cycles for consumers can be longer and so this allows marketers again another tool to recognize things that might come further downstream. >> GINNY MARVIN: And both attributed branded searches and qualified future conversions are always on in the UI, it's not something that you need to run experiment tests for or -- >> CHRISTINE TURNER: Correct. These are intended to be really strong proxies for marketers to make decisions on. >> GINNY MARVIN: So speaking of demonstrating the value of YouTube, we're on the topic of video, Josh, you demoed the ability to generate text images and video in Asset Studio on So for businesses who haven't had a lot of creative resources, what are some of the tips for them to get the most out of Asset Studio? >> JOSH MOSER: Yes, this is really cool capability. I think you saw it in some of the visuals on stage, but being able to go from just like an idea, general concept of what you want to show and how you want to kind of convey your business to like having a full slate of all of the headlines, descriptions, images and all the different aspect ratios and videos is a remarkable capability. I think the first call-out would be try out the tools. See what you can come up with, experiment with a few different creative messages.. gives you feedback on yourself for what's working really well. The other area we're seeing a lot of businesses start to take advantage of these tools is the reality that there's so many different formats, there's so many different surfaces across Google Ads that historically it's been hard to develop a crate testify that works well in each different context. You might only have the budge tote shoot one video and not necessarily going to have short form vertical videos and in-stream and all the other formats you need to show up really well across all of That ability to try out a much broader diversity of assets and make sure you're showing consumers an ad that's specific to what they're looking for and specific to the surface they see it on. It's new and will help with driving performance, getting results and making sure the ads the consumers see are relevant and match what they're looking >> GINNY MARVIN: Absolutely agree with trying it out, testing it out, exploring what's What's so interesting about it is that you can bring in assets from Canva and other platforms, and also if I'm not mistaken, you can share for creative reviews with the rest of your team, stakeholders, clients. >> JOSH MOSER: Over and over we heard, hey, my creatives in Google Ads are one piece of a larger ecosystem. I need to be able to take the work in products like Adobe and Canva, in my own digital asset management system and it's quite hard to bring those over into Google Ads and tailor them in the right ways so you're showing up in the different campaigns. A big part what have we've developed is an easier way to bridge those assets over so they just show up in your library, you're able to custom eyes them in a couple of clicks and tailor them so they're set up well for Google Ads and to that point, you can share the previews of what the updated assets look like with your marketing departments, with legal and other stakeholders to make sure they're comfortable reviewing them before they run. Both that ability to bring things easily into asset stud studio and share them out when you need to, capabilities we're seeing a lot of interest and engagement on. >> GINNY MARVIN: Giving them moor creative resources and creating work flows. >> JOSH MOSER: Exactly. >> GINNY MARVIN: Also the AB asset experience in Asset Studio is interesting. We heard a lot of excitement about this as well. Can you share more about how it works? >> JOSH MOSER: Yes, I would love to. This is where I like this format because can he can go a little bit deeper than what you would see on stage normally, right? >> GINNY MARVIN: Yes. >> JOSH MOSER: I think about two categories of what we're bringing forward to these experiment capabilities. Category one is sort of like a why do you need to run experiments on creatives? You have all this data about the click-through rates and conversion rates and so on of your assets. The reality is that only tells you half the story. If you're looking at historical time series data, that doesn't tell you how the assets incrementally contributed to your performance. So to give an example, you might have a particular image or particular video that has relatively low click-through rate. You might think that must mean it doesn't perform well. It could tend to get shown to users who already had a rate and that asset might still be incrementally helping their If you want to understand what message is working best with just customers you have to run an AB experiment. It's the gold standard for causality and figure out what is driving results. The other half of it is that I can say this as someone who worked on experiment products for years it's historically been a little bit painful to run sprints in Google Ads so what I'm excited about the new capability we're rolling out, makes it easy to just swap out your creative messages. So when you have an asset you want to test it's basically one click and all we change is the two assets and you can take a look and actually get the full read-out, how did that affect your performance, what incremental results did the new asset drive and you don't have the messiness of your campaigns getting copied and lots of other things out of sync. So makes it much more approachable and easier to use and ultimately that means you'll be able to see what messages are driving incremental performance based on whatever your business goals are in a way that just wasn't really possible before. >> GINNY MARVIN: To close out I want to recognize that this is an incredibly dynamic time in advertising, and the pace of change can often feel quite overwhelming. I think you also have all spoken about the pace of change for the work that you're doing and how fast things are moving and that means that advertisers have to also keep pace with this change, and change management is difficult. So in that spirit, what is one action item that marketers can put on their schedule for next week to hit the ground running? Why don't we start with you, Josh. >> JOSH MOSER: The first thing that I'd want people to try is to create. It's really interesting how we're seeing the role of marketers evolve. You help tell the story you want to tell and AI is enhancing it and makes it show up in the way you want it for all of the different audiences you want to reach across the new surfaces and formats, making sure it's relevant for them, making sure it's engaging and there's also a connection to goals as well. To your earlier point about bringing in that lower funnel lead data, that's important for creative as well because that helps you understand what are the messages that reach people who don't just fill out a form. They actually go on to become paying customers and drive value for your business as an advertiser. I think there's a synergistic effect here where as you try out some of the new creative messages, if you have the right measurement set up, using the types of automation we talked about, you're quickly going to be able to learn what is resonating and driving those business outcomes that you care >> GINNY MARVIN: Creative can be an optimizer, it finds audiences you wouldn't otherwise think it would find. That is such a good point. I love that, because I think this comes up often when people, when we've talked about this in other episodes as well, when you see an asset that is getting maybe a minimal impressions, but it is driving performance and often that can just mean you're reaching a niche audience that you would not have reached otherwise without that asset being part of that combination. Great. Alright, Chris, what would you say? >> CHRIS MONKMAN: I don't really want to give one. >> GINNY MARVIN: Okay. >> CHRIS MONKMAN: We spoke about how in order to like try out the new formats that we're experimenting with in AI Mode, that you need to adopt AI Max with text customization. That's something advertisers can go and do today. But we're also working on a bunch of other things in AI I'm really excited about direct offers. We've seen some really good early traction. We decided to put a lot more effort behind this experiment and so the other thing I'd love advertisers to do is try out these new experiments like direct offers and tell us what they think about them so that we can bring that back into the product and keep innovating >> GINNY MARVIN: Great, and data. You know, we really see that having a good data setup from both Tags as well as offline data, that becomes the big competitive advantage for marketers, and so if you have not yet established both your updated Google Tag Gateway and bringing in data blue Data Manager, that would be the place I would start, but then also don't forget, we have big announcements in Google Analytics about linking a lot of third-party data in impressions and cost data so you can actually start to see the full consumer path. So a lot of different ways to connect data and to bring more collective insight to your decision-making. >> GINNY MARVIN: So often hear concerns from advertisers with either long sales cycles or they feel like they have low conversion volume for that end conversion, and are hesitant to get started with their data action plan, because they feel like they're already behind. What do you say to those advertisers? >> CHRISTINE TURNER: First and foremost, start with what you have. You don't have to start at the end, the most perfect data set, So of course we have some marketers that have gone through the trouble of assigning lifetime value to every person who has converted and that's powerful data. But if you're not there, that's okay. There's probably a lot of steps in between that actually will really fuel and give insight into all of our AI campaign types that you've heard about So I think it's important to start with what you have. We also as we talked about a little bit earlier have a lot of partnerships and connectors out there, so explore some of the partnerships with some of your CMS providers, et cetera, so that you're connecting the pieces that can actually, you know, feed back in. >> GINNY MARVIN: That will do A huge thank you to Christine, Chris and Josh for being here It's been so exciting to wrap up our first season of "Ads And remember to catch up on everything from today, visit accelerate With Google and thanks for tuning in.

- Google Marketing Live 2026 in under 15 minutes: Kind: captions Language: en Welcome to the 13th Annual Google marketing live. I'm not exaggerating when I say we have made a decade's worth of innovation in the last year alone. Our latest AI models bring us one step closer to true, real time, outcome based marketing in milliseconds. You get insights that talk to your creative, your creative talks to your media bidding, and your media talks back to your measurement. And measurement can feed the whole system back as it learns. This was once a distant goal, but you will see how we're making huge strides towards this reality. AI is the best thing that has ever happened to search. It gives search superpowers. It was just a year ago that we introduced AI Mode, which allowed you to have a back and forth conversation with search directly. All these innovations are completely changing the way people search and discover, as people have learned how much more search can do. Well, they've started bringing more questions. So much so that last quarter, we saw search queries reach an all time high. So it's time to acknowledge a fact. Google Search is a search through and through. Now, I don't need to tell you what a powerhouse YouTube is in terms of reach and relevance. YouTube now reaches more than 90% of US adults. And this didn't happen by accident. For more than two decades, we focused on staying one step ahead of how the world watches. And today, YouTube is number one in streaming watch time and has been for three years when a YouTube creator talks about your product. Viewers are 13 times more likely to search for your brand and five times more likely to buy. These are real results, not just engagement metrics. With YouTube, you can build brands and drive business results across the entire journey. Google and YouTube are present in 82% of all journeys where products or brands are discovered. Some of our competitors will claim that discovery only happens on their social feeds, which frankly, is a lovely story for their sales pitch. But unfortunately for them, we brought the data in 89% of purchase journeys. People use Google and YouTube before the largest social media platform, or they skip that social platform entirely. So please, please, please check the data carefully. Nothing compares to the performance you get from Google and YouTube together. This is the Gemini advantage and it is your business advantage. You asked us where search is headed. We are going to show you how to win in this new landscape. Now we are not just bringing ads to AI Search experiences. We are reinventing what an ad is in this context. Now you can ask Google anything. So the best ads must be answers. These long, complex queries were previously super hard to match with ads. That is not the case anymore Max for search and Max are unlocking billions of net new searches today. We are excited to introduce a new generation of ad formats for search in the AI era. So let's get started with a really new powerful format in AI Mode. What are some low maintenance ways to make my home smell amazing. It's a high quality answer that explains exactly why the diffuser solves my problem. Let's talk about direct offers. These are incredibly powerful because they give your high intent customers something exclusive right at the moment. They are ready to buy and look. I can get a discount if I buy both the duvet set and the matching Sheets. That looks pretty good to me. And also direct office can be many different things. It could be discounts, it could be local coupons, custom deals. You just provide the products that you want to include and the promotional rules. And then Gemini will dynamically create just the perfect offer. Let's check it out. Now, these are shopping ads, but with a major Gemini glow up. The text at the top helps me understand things I should be thinking about. Let's show them. Business agent for leads. Now, this is an agentic ad that helps you capture leads. Here we see an ad for Rainier business school and with an option to ask a question inside the ad. OK, I see the response, which is informed by what's on the advertiser's website with an option to talk to the admissions department. And then the form is pre-filled with all of my information, and now I'm a much more qualified lead. So what I love about this first one is how naturally the brand fits into the conversation. It's clearly labeled as an ad, and it's just as helpful as the organic results. The second one connects products recommended an AI Mode directly to retailers who have them in stock. This means you have to really lean in to AI Max or Max fully. So this is why we're launching AI brief. This is the control that you've been asking for now. Think of it like giving an agency, a creative brief with guidelines for your campaign. You can share insights. You can tell them more about the brand, the audiences you're trying to reach, and the guardrails in conversational language. And the AI brief will interpret what you want and create ad guidelines. It gives you previews so you can refine and make sure it's understanding your instructions properly. Your opportunity to win is right now, advertisers who adopt AI or PMax see 15% more conversions at a similar ROAS. So now let's talk about commerce. For years, we've been building the foundation for what comes next a world of Commerce that works for you. Most recently, we announced the universal commerce protocol, or UCP. This is a new industry standard that we co-developed with an incredible group of founding partners. UCP is a common language, connecting agents and merchants effortlessly so companies don't have to waste time building all this custom code. For every new connection, UCP allows your live data from inventory to account, linking to loyalty benefits to just flow directly to the customer in real time. Yesterday, we announced the universal cart. This is a truly intelligent shopping cart and think of it as your new agentic hub for shopping on Google. It works across merchants and across Google products. You'll now be able to add things to your cart while you are browsing, search or chatting with Gemini app, watching YouTube, or even just reading your Gmail. And as soon as you add a product to the cart, it just goes to work for you. Here you all can see items added from Wayfair and Nike. It tracks pricing changes. It alerts you when item is back in stock. And when you're ready, you can buy directly on Google or take the cart to the merchant website. UCP already powers native checkout on Google, and now we're bringing the same capability right into your ads. We're also bringing the power of UCP into YouTube. And what's new is this nifty buy now button. When you click on it, you're taken to the branded checkout screen on YouTube. My shipping and payment information is pre-filled like usual, and once again, all I need to do is click pay with gpay and I'm done. So this will totally change how video ads can drive conversions instantly. What makes YouTube the best performance marketing platform right now. Well, it's simple. If you want the best performance on YouTube, you need Demand Gen in your mix. Now we look at the performance of advertisers who are just running search campaigns, or only running PMax versus those who have added Demand Gen into their mix, and we see a 10% higher ROAS and 12% higher sales effectiveness. It seems like these campaigns are driving better and better performance. What's behind that. It's Gemini app. The latest models have supercharged our audience, targeting demand. Gen captures billions of moments of real world intent, not just to match, but to actually predict what customers are going to want next. Demand Gen is already powerful because it gets you in front of your customers on our most visual surfaces. So Demand Gen ads are officially expanding to Google Maps. For those of you that are already using product feeds, you've seen the results. They drive 33% increase in conversions. So we're going to be expanding these product feeds to more places like tablets. And we're also bringing them to pause ads starting on mobile. We want to put your most shoppable ads where people are ready to shop. We see that adding creator assets to Demand Gen campaigns increases conversion lift by an average of 20% so we're making it easier to discover and boost those creator assets soon. When you set up your Demand Gen campaigns in Google Ads, we're going to be surfacing relevant creator partnerships that feature your brand. Just like this. Get ready with me video that's featuring elf products. If you like what you see can easily add them into your campaign. If you also happen to be part of the YouTube affiliate program, then you can take some of those affiliate partnership videos and you can boost them. You can see which creators are driving the most sales, take those affiliate videos and boost them directly into mansion. How is this paying off in a way that my CFO will care about. The truth is that many measurement tools are built off of this legacy concept of clicks. But if that's the way that you're looking at your video campaigns, then you're not seeing the full value. You're not seeing what's really driving sales. One thing that's pretty different about YouTube is that people aren't just scrolling past. They really remember the ads that they see, and sometimes they might see the ad and buy something immediately. But more often, that engaged view kicks off a journey that leads to a sale a little bit later on YouTube. An engaged view means that someone actually chose to watch at least five seconds of your ad. I think Demand Gen and social campaigns can look really similar to consumers, but for us all, as marketers, the measurement is worlds apart. Yeah, I think there are some platforms out there that are counting every impression as a win for them, which would mean if your customer engaged on a beautiful YouTube ad, blew by something in their social feed, then did a search on Google, clicked an ad, and converted another platform, could claim credit for the whole conversion. Yeah, exactly. Many platforms count every passive impression as a total win for them, which really makes it hard to do apples to apples comparisons. And that's exactly why we're launching campaign type attribution. This highlights every conversion that Demand Gen contributes to. So you can see finally, how it's performing alongside all of your other channels. All right. So we got first party. We got third party. That is the best proof your CFO is going to get right. And that is us talking about the ultimate metric here Roi. As marketers, you're accountable for both short term sales and long term brand equity. And the metric that we use for that is long term ROAS. Now, the data shows that YouTube drives more than double the long term ROAS of TV and streaming and paid social. It's time to talk about creative. We're going to talk about a very specific kind of creative today. It's creatives that drive performance at scale and it keeps getting better. We've integrated our most advanced models. That's Gemini Veo and Nano banana into asset Studio. And this summer we're adding our latest model, which you just heard about at I/O, Gemini, Omni. You also need videos and a lot of them. First, you choose a narrative that's going to be the basis of your video content. Next, you get a storyboard. We can see each scene before it renders. You can tweak that storyboard, swap out your scenes, or even change the flow right there. This is incredibly exciting. As a small team. It's a huge lift to make videos and they just take too long for us. So I feel like this opens a whole new world for us, and that is why we're making experiments. A standard part of your workflow with one click. A/B testing. All you have to do is select your assets. Hit Save and create, test, and we'll automatically run them against your current top performers to see which one wins. And as a bootstrap founder, this is really a dream. It's helping us grow. And it also gives us time back to focus on the parts of the business that I really love the most. Measurement is the competitive edge that powers your AI. Successfully navigating this complex landscape requires a modern measurement playbook. It's anchored on three things. First, data. In a market moving this fast, the rewards of getting your data right compound quickly. In fact, advertisers who build data strength with first party data see an 11% average increase in incremental ROAS. Second, you need to understand causality first attributed branded searches now available in Google Ads and Google marketing platform attributed branded searches tracks. Short term, this is important, but what about long term impact. This is why we are introducing a new powerful metric qualified future conversions. They connect your signals such as follow up branded searches, video views, site visit up to six months in advance. This brings us to the third and final point. A unified view. That's where Meridian, our next generation open source, comes in. And for those of you who want a powerful turnkey solution, we are bringing the intelligence of Meridian directly into reimagined Google Analytics 360. This is your new Command Center for modern measurement. Last year, we started rolling out agents in our various ad products. But thanks to your feedback, we're moving from a family of agents to one ask advisor. Ask advisor acts as your new team of experts all rolled into one experience. You shouldn't have to have a PhD in data analytics to get the best results. Soon all you'll have to do is ask. You'll just open up your ads, analytics, Merchant Center. Google marketing platform or any of our advertising tools and start using the ask advisor. So if you remember one thing and one thing only, I hope it's this. Our Gemini advantage is your business advantage. Marketers like you in this room and on the stream are leading the way on AI transformation, but there is still a really large gap between what the technology can do and what marketers are actually doing with it. So that's why we created the Roi essentials. And think of these as the must to get you on the right road. I actually to call them the brilliant basics, but they're really just practical. Next steps to share with your teams, your agencies, your partners. Things that get everyone on the foundational path to excellence.

- The Best Marketing Talent Platforms in 2026: Kind: captions Language: en Hey there, I'm Kim. I'm a marketer and welcome to the Digital Merchant. This is your channel for digital marketing, online business, and growth strategies without the fluff. Today, we're going to be talking about the best marketing talent platforms for 2026. If you're in a role where you need to hire talent or maybe you will be in the future, this video is for you. Today, we're going to review and break down five platforms >> [music] >> ranked from my top pick down. I'll cover the criteria first so the rankings make sense. Okay, so first, let's get into what to look for in a marketing talent platform. Before the rankings, let me go over how we're going to actually evaluate here because the list would look very different depending on what you need. Five things that matter to me when I'm looking at a talent platform for marketing hires. First, vetting quality. Is there a real screening process or can basically anyone sign up? Second, the time to placement. In 2026, a 6-week hiring process is a liability. Third, specialization. A platform that's marketing only will almost always outperform a generalist marketplace when you need real depth. Fourth, contract flexibility. Are you locked in or can you adjust as engagement evolves? You know, when you have a job description, by the time you actually hire that person, a lot of things could look different. So, you really need to make sure you have flexibility in that contract. And [music] fifth, seniority of talent. Are these people who can actually execute tasks or are they people that can own a function and operate independently? These five criteria are the lens for what I'm using for this entire list. First, Right Side Up. This is my top pick for 2026. And the reason comes down to one thing, who's doing the vetting? Right Side Up's internal team is made of former in-house growth marketers. These are people who have owned acquisition budgets, managed CAC, and reported directly to a CMO or a board. So, when they say someone is senior, that word actually means something because the people making that call have lived the job on speed. They can typically get you a recommendation within a few days and have someone in-house within 2 weeks. Compared to that traditional recruiting cycle that can sometimes stretch out for 8 weeks, and the difference is real, especially if you're in the middle of a growth push, a launch, and can't afford to wait. They work without long-term contract, and that matters more than you think because, let's think about it. If your engagement runs its course early, if your scope changes, you're not locked in and stuck paying that overhead that doesn't apply anymore. Where Right Side Up is really purpose-built is in that senior growth marketing area. Paid acquisitions, lifecycle, revenue strategy, that kind of work. If you're actually looking for a content writer or a social coordinator, some kind of creative, there are better tools and platforms out there. But, for experienced marketing specialists who can ramp up really fast and operate independently, this is where I'd start. Here's my verdict for Right Side Up. They're best for senior growth marketing hires. They have a fast turnaround, no contract that you need to lock into, and vetting is done by people who have actually worked in those roles they're placing. Number two on the list, We Are Rosie. Number two is We Are Rosie because it earns its spot if you're scaling content and brand or campaign work, especially if you're building out a team rather than placing a single hire. We Are Rosie has a network of over 35,000 vetted marketing professionals. And what makes them different from a traditional agency is that they can assemble embedded teams around your specific brief. Multiple work streams, different specializations, they're set up to handle that scope without making you go through a slow agency process. They're also one of the stronger options if diverse creative talent is part of how your organization thinks about hiring. And they don't operate on retainers or stack unnecessary layers of account management, which means you're not paying for overhead you don't need. Where they sit below Right Side Up for me is really around that seniority depth. The pure growth marketing side. If you need content leads, brand specialists, or integrated campaign talent, We Are Rosie is excellent. If you specifically need a senior performance marketer with direct acquisition experience, Right Side Up is still the stronger fit. So, the verdict? Strong pick for content, brand, creative campaign teams. Good option when you need embedded fractional talent at scale without traditional agency overhead. Number three on the list is MarketHire. And it earns its spot specifically for the reason of it's a marketing-only platform. Every specialist in their network has been vetted for a specific marketing disciplines. You're not wading through generalist profiles or filtering out people who listed marketing as one of their 12 skills. The platform was built around the idea that marketing is its own domain, and that focus actually shows up in the quality of the candidates. Their matching typically runs around 48 hours, which is really fast. And they offer a two-week trial period with free re-matching if that first placement doesn't work out, which that's huge. That's a meaningful risk reducer, especially if you've been burned before by hiring someone who looked really good on paper and who was a great interviewer, but actually once they were in seat, maybe fell short. Where it slots in at number three rather than higher is the talent tier skews mid-level. MarketHire is excellent for finding a solid vetted specialist quickly. But if you're looking for someone with maybe 10 plus years of experience who can run a function end-to-end and report to leadership right side up, and we are Rosie or Right Side Up are options. Okay, so my verdict on Market Hire, they are best for fast vetted placement of marketing specialist. Their 48-hour matching and 2-week trial make it really low risk, and they're also well-suited for marketing roles across disciplines. The number four slot belongs to Toptal, and this one belongs on the list for a specific use case. When your marketing hire needs to straddle marketing and technical work. Think marketing operations, growth analytics, attribution modeling, MarTech implementation, anything kind of technical and marketing together, you're going to need someone from Toptal. These roles sit at really that intersection between the strategy and engineering or data. Toptal runs a multi-step screening process that's among the most rigorous of any platform that's out there right now, and their network is global and it's spanning marketing, product, engineering, and finance. Two things you need to know before you reach out. First, their rates are at a premium. That's the trade-off for the screening rigor and the caliber of the talent they attract. [music] Second, Toptal isn't a marketing-specific platform. They serve multiple verticals, which means the depth of the marketing specific vetting isn't quite the level as Market Hire or Right Side Up. But, if your situation is genuinely, I need someone who understands the growth model and someone who can get into the data infrastructure, Toptal is worth the conversation. So, my verdict there is it's best for technical marketing hybrid roles. They have a rigorous screening process and global reach, but premium pricing and not marketing exclusive. Number five on the list is EverestX. [music] This is a platform that's really been gaining a lot of traction in 2026, particularly in the performance marketing and demand gen space. EverestX positions itself around on-demand access to vetted marketing experts with an emphasis on measurable outcome-driven work. The network skews towards digital performance specialists like paid media, growth, conversion rate work, which makes it a reasonable option if that's specifically where your gap is. I'll be honest, and here's why it lands at number five. The platform is still maturing, and it's relatively new compared to the rest on the list. The network depth isn't really where Right Side Up and We Are Rosie are yet, but it's worth keeping on your radar for the future. And if performance marketing is something you're really in that specific need for, it's worth testing alongside the other options rather than ruling it out entirely. So, the verdict for me is a growing option for performance marketing and demand gen roles. It's still building that depth versus the other more established platforms on this list, [music] but it's worth a look for the paid media and the growth if that is really your specific gap. My final verdict and recap. Let me bring it all home. Here's the quick version of who to use and when. Right Side Up if you need senior vetted growth marketing talent. Fast, flexible, and no long-term contracts. That's my top pick. We Are Rosie if you're building an embedded team across content, brand, creative campaigns, and need to scale without the traditional agency overhead. Market Hire if you need a solid marketing specialist placed quickly and want a low-risk two-week trial to confirm the fit. TopFunnel if your role really sits between the marketing and technical roles. [music] Ops analytics, martech, and if you need someone who can do both at a senior level. EverestX if performance marketing or demand gen is your specific gap, and you want to test a platform that's gaining momentum in this space. None of these really are one-size-fits-all. The right platform depends on your role, the seniority level, and how fast you need to move. But, if you're hiring for marketing in 2026, this list covers all the serious options. Which of these is actually working for you now? I'm interested to know, so drop it in the comments. I'm Kim. Subscribe for more no-fluff content. Stay digital, stay profitable, and thanks for watching.

- Cách tối ưu quảng cáo Facebook ads 2026 dành cho mọi nhà | Qn92: Kind: captions Language: en Let's say I own a lake, for example; each advertiser will be allocated 1 hectare of their own. And if I allocate all 1000 slots, then advertisers 1001 and 2002 will overlap and intertwine with the remaining ads of those who ran ads before them. Hello everyone. This should be the mindset for writing advertising budgets for everyone. Please note that this solution applies to everyone. Therefore, it will also have advantages and disadvantages. So, let's explore with the team the formulas we can use to achieve quick results when we discover a winning product or a winning branch, and we want to accelerate the process . Remember to give the channel a like and subscribe so that when Regulation 92 shares more useful knowledge and helpful content, everyone will be able to stay updated with the latest announcements and proceed accordingly. Additionally, if you have any questions during operation, please feel free to leave them in the questions section below. This quick-fix formula relies on the distribution mechanism of Facebook's algorithm, which is a random distribution. Note that the Facebook platform has many algorithms, and they work together in a complex way. Therefore, here I will extract a formula from fundamental mathematical concepts, namely the random distribution formula and the selection preference formula, to speed things up . Everyone else will follow later and they'll understand better then. First, let's talk about the platform's distribution algorithm. The platform clearly states that we will randomly distribute your products to people who are likely to buy them. This is the underlying algorithm; it's clearly stated. And this random distribution is based on an auction mechanism. This means that to display an advertisement to potential customers, you will have to bid against two, three, or four competitors for the same display. Let's say this guy selling glasses has to compete for market share with phone sellers because consumers might buy a phone, a pair of glasses, or any other essential accessories for their lives. So, the platform's auction mechanism means that at the same time, many advertisers will participate in a bidding war to display their ads to users. Everyone needs to understand this algorithm first. So, when we participate in multiple auctions, there will be an average price at that time, called the distribution price, which will be calculated based on CBM, meaning the cost to display 1000 impressions. People call this definition CBM. It's like when the whole family walks into a restaurant, the price of a bowl of pork knuckle noodle soup is different, the price of a bowl of rare beef noodle soup is different, the price of a bowl of chicken noodle soup, a bowl of rice noodle soup, a bowl of pho, etc., will all be different. CBM is the unit of measurement used to determine the price per 1000 impressions. And for every 1000 impressions, the average value will vary. The only difference is the amplitude. For example, today our CBM might be 87,000, and tomorrow our CBM could be 97,000. It 's normal for CBM to reach 200,000 the following day. This is why advertisers who run ads for more than 6 months a year pay close attention to CBM (Cost Per Bounce) to see if their advertising costs are high or low. So this is the story of CBM. Next, the platform's distribution will always try to limit the number of people who reach it to a specific bookshelf. This is a bit technical, but I need to explain it to you all. In conventional advertising thinking, we often assume that if we spend 100 dong, we will reach 100 people . Let's take that as an example. But in reality, during the distribution process, the 100 dong you give us will only show up for about 95 people, and we will lose five people. These five people are actually impressions that have returned to reach previous customers. Ideally, one coin should reach one person, but instead, two coins reach the same person, and we end up losing five coins. Therefore, typically, for every 100% of our advertising budget, we will experience inflation of 5%. And this inflation rate will only increase over time if we keep reusing the same advertising account. This is why we keep redistributing to the same people over and over again instead of finding new ones. That's just the nature of it. With inflation at 5%, and it just keeps accumulating, imagine that in about 20 days, it will almost certainly reach 1.8 or 2.0%. That means someone has seen their advertisement twice. That's the reality: if you open a sub-ads account and run ads for the full duration, you'll see that data right away. That 's why this mechanism for limiting access was announced by the platform, but we were unaware of it, leading to financial losses. And then there's another thing: regarding distribution algorithms, there will be differentiation among independent advertisers. Let me give you an example: an advertiser needs to sell products, but if they can't sell them, they won't have cash flow and won't make a profit. Without profit, how can people reinvest and continue spending money on Facebook ads, right? If I don't have any words, how can I burn money? The platform knows that. That's why it tries to separate each man into a different fish pond . Let's say I own a thousand- hectare lake; for example, each advertiser would be granted 1 hectare of their own. And if I allocate all 1000 slots, then advertisers 1001 and 2002 will be overlapping and overlapping with the remaining ads of those who ran ads before them. This is also the fundamental reason behind the advertising process. In the early stages of the platform, from 2013 to 2018 and 2019, it ran very smoothly for us. Because at that stage, we were the first to be given a new fish pond by that platform. At that time, the pond had a lot of fish, and every few days people would come and catch fish with us, so we were able to swim very well. But after 2025, specifically the beginning of the first quarter of 2026, the overlapping of fish ponds will become clearly visible, and advertising costs will be incredibly expensive this year. This is the nature of the platform's distribution algorithm. And please note that this algorithm is a branch. This is what will happen, and we siblings will see that it's true. The solution I've proposed is something you can also apply, but only for about 7 or 10 days at most. Because we've only solved one algorithm of the platform so far. Because, based on the platform's mechanism, they are formed like many fish ponds overlapping each other; that is, they are formed on multiple layers of cross-linked algorithms overlapping each other. That's why it has the term " in-depth advertising," which means we understand the nature of the algorithms so we can combine them for processing. It's like solving a problem; you might need a first set of identities and a second set of identities to reach the goal of the problem. There are some problems where we need three rows of equations, and it's normal to need three or four calculations. That's why this nature is increasingly creating more complex strategies to make the game difficult, to eliminate weak players, and to exclude them from the market. Because the sales volume at the moment, especially on online platforms like social media, is incredibly low. Not to mention other platforms in general, there are hundreds, even thousands, of sellers offering a product like this . That's why the platform is forced to create mechanisms to identify talented advertisers, those who perform well. That 's the story about fundamental mathematical concepts, and we explain it in great detail. Let's get back to the story of today's problem. So what strategy can we use right now to optimize budgeting for everyone ? That means everyone should use multiple accounts for me. This is the most sincere advice I can give to all of you. I'll search for a keyword for us to use. ADX BM25 Recruitment. My siblings wrote it down very clearly. Using a BM 2005 advertising account will give us 2500 advertising accounts. A Business Manager (BM) allows us to use up to 2500 advertising accounts, while a personal account can only use one advertising account . Why is it so drastically different ? A B is a Business Manager that can manage up to 2500 advertising accounts. Furthermore, each individual is only allowed one account. The platform categorizes advertisers into two types in the market. First, a professional advertiser, one that is reputable, reliable, and offers transparent payment methods. And the platform gives these advertisers a very high priority. And that's why they created the Business Manager ( BM) advertising account. And the second is that emerging advertisers who are just starting out in the business use personal advertising accounts. Let's take a real-life example from everyday life in Vietnam right now. Is doing business without registration, which is essentially tax evasion, a form of tax avoidance? It's not clean, and the government doesn't encourage that kind of thing. The government requires all businesses to register their operations. So, imagine that when we run ads on this platform, those using BM (Business Manager) accounts are always given much higher priority by the platform in the distribution process, aiming for stability because stability is the foundation for development. If we want our family to grow, we need to be stable, and once we're stable, we need to use a Business Manager ( BM) advertising account. And the advantage of using this BM advertising account is that it allows you to have an unlimited number of advertising accounts. Initially, your BM might only have one account, but if you spend a few hundred thousand on that account, it will immediately jump to BM3, meaning you have three accounts. If you run all three accounts, it will become BM5, and if you open three accounts, it will become BM10. That means the platform allows you to use multiple advertising accounts. When you use a BM advertising account, it satisfies the condition I shared here: use multiple advertising accounts. This is clear, and each advertising account will have a different output; the platform will give you a different "fish pond" (a term used to describe a different type of advertising account). If we have 10 accounts, we have 10 exits, so obviously the amount of fish we catch will be more. Can you picture it? So this is why almost 100% of the problems I encounter when examining the camera systems I operate stem from the fact that we're only using a single tier of advertising. My siblings and I don't understand the mindset behind why we need to use it so much and why the platform is separate. Have you ever wondered why the platform categorizes advertising accounts into Business Manager (BM) accounts and individual advertising accounts ? Why did it do that, and what must have been the reason for doing so? So, that's why, when we look at a Business Manager (BM) here, the longer we run it, the more likely it is to open up to 2500 advertising accounts for us if we do things correctly. In case you need to use advertising accounts, you can access the website tainguyun2.com. There's a shop that can support you with resources when you're running your business. Whether you want to find good advertising accounts, quality accounts that are tax-evading, etc., there are ready-made accounts available here for you to use. This is the story about advertising accounts, and clearly, a mindset you need to understand is that choosing the right account is always better than effort, because we are business owners. Therefore, during operation, we should try to find the cheapest and most practical advertising accounts. For those of you who have used two or three advertising accounts, you've probably noticed that if you use three accounts at the same time, one will perform very well while the other two don't. Why is that? Even with three accounts, why is there a difference? One child runs well, the other two run poorly. Let's ask ourselves: in a family with three siblings, sharing the same parents and bloodline, isn't it true that some are very intelligent, some are considered average, and one is truly dull-witted? It's the same parents and bloodline, so during the advertising process, some ad accounts are very cheap to run. As business owners, we prioritize the cheapest ones, but then we just waste money recklessly, right? Therefore, give yourself the right to choose. Run multiple accounts so you can select the cheapest ones to prioritize your budget. The first step in budgeting is choosing an affordable advertising account. This is also the reason why, during the training process of our comrades at the training course at 92.com, we're here. Having the opportunity to understand advertising systems and machine learning processes will give you the mindset to make informed choices for your family. So that we can choose the cheapest advertising account to run. To help everyone in the family understand the nature of low-cost advertising accounts. Even so, it has another point: running a fanpage is inexpensive, so we can prioritize investing our money in it. Clearly, the whole family should take a look at the numbers during the operation. They run many fan pages for a reason; it's because they prioritize finding what they're looking for. They are running tests to find cheaper fanpages so they can prioritize promoting their books, and they will spend more money on those fanpages that offer lower costs. That's normal. And there are some fan pages that are recommended not to run ads, but just by posting videos they can sell products right now. Those are the suggested fan pages. You can go to the website resources.com and find a fanpage there. You'll see fanpages that provide complete information, including cheap deals and suggestions for each specific industry: household goods, food, pets, cooking, construction, real estate – everything is available here so you can find what suits you best and save money. This is a story about optimization strategies for [music] when we want to increase sales in the most satisfying way in the current period. Furthermore, to implement the information above, we need to pay the most attention to the cost per result, and we must budget for this. If we don't run around too much, we'll end up with that situation called the "fire-dwelling demon." Too many accounts, too many fan pages, it's impossible to manage. And that's also why the two-point system requires us to get used to building the system. If we don't know something, we have to learn, and that's always true, my friends. And that's why many of you are currently facing obstacles because you haven't switched to running KBM accounts yet. It's because you don't know how to manage it, and one of the best ways to save budget, time, money, and effort is to learn from others. You can contact people who are not just experienced; many are helping with building advertising systems. You can ask them for guidance and advice on how to run your advertising account effectively. You need to have a benchmark, for example, the cost of goods sold per order, not the cost of marketing. Many people tell me, "Your marketing costs are very cheap, 6000-8000 VND," but after sending nearly a hundred messages to close one order, it turns out to be 600,000 VND per order. Is 6,000 VND per meter, or 600,000 VND per order, when you close a deal for 100 meters? Is that expensive or cheap? Therefore, we need to know what the acceptable cost per order is. For example, if the cost for one order is 50,000 VND, then with messages costing around 8,000 VND per message, we need at least five messages to close the deal, or six messages to close the order. Otherwise, we'll lose money. Can you imagine that? I'm very quick at calculating and handling things numerically, that's why I only trust numbers. I almost don't trust people, only numbers. We need to know the best profit margin, which is to measure it daily. If you ask us to measure sales weekly like those other sleepwear training centers, I'm afraid we won't dare because burning money in 7 days is a huge loss. And here's some advice I'm giving you during the process: don't use only one account, don't use only one fanpage, and we must constantly maintain a " take" mindset to optimize. " Take" refers to a test related to resources . To say that you're going to the battlefield and fighting but you're short of troops, ammunition, food, and weapons is definitely a bad idea. Therefore, we must always maintain a mindset of continuous testing to add resources to our operations. This is also a knowledge-based chapter in the training program that will guide you through building an advertising system in the training course. Okay, brothers and sisters . This is a mindset that we can apply to everyone . And also, during the operation, if you have any difficult questions or problems that haven't been resolved yet, or if you've already tried but are still encountering issues, please leave your comments in the comment section of each video I post, and I will proceed to answer all your questions. I know that if you leave your comments with complete information, I will be able to answer them all. Okay, goodbye everyone, see you in more content tomorrow. There's a code for the video that you can scan to join the group and work with the team. Currently, the team is offering a shipping service to transport goods directly from Vietnam to the US. And issue the complete VT single key. For a long time now, those of you who run BOD businesses have been keeping your money in PayPal and haven't withdrawn it yet to pay for hospital bills, right? The reason is that we don't have invoices or receipts, so this team is currently offering this delivery service to help support everyone. That's why the whole family can access the website at siv.siv.com. For those of you who are currently selling BOD products, please leave your information here and we will contact you to provide advice and support. Okay, hello everyone. And coming soon, we'll be sharing content about how to make money online in the US market . Hello everyone, see you all in the next installment! Hello. We are constantly searching for answers on how to optimize advertising campaigns and save on advertising costs. But we've almost completely overlooked the simplest way of thinking . Essentially, like Duong herself and many of the other people sitting here, we are human beings, and we all go through a process of growing up, learning, and developing. And it's clear that how we understand it will determine how we operate . So, have you ever asked yourselves whether your accounts, fan pages, and all your advertising campaigns truly understand your potential customers ? Have you correctly identified the people who are capable of selling and generating profit for you? If your advertising system doesn't understand your customers, doesn't grasp their customer profile, or perhaps you're guiding them incorrectly, then it's likely you're doing it wrong. This leads to a situation where misunderstandings lead to mistakes, causing our advertising costs to keep increasing, becoming more and more expensive, creating more and more problems, and ultimately causing confusion for everyone involved. Here, Duong has packaged 6 to 8 years of experience in the business world into detailed processes to become a long-term and stable partner for you all, so that we can all grow together in a win -win situation. My siblings and I are growing, and my team is growing too. Therefore, you can learn about the process that our team can hand over to you during the optimal operation of advertising on beef pho restaurants . You can scan the QR code on the screen to learn more and join our team in the advertising and operation process . Hello everyone, this is Duong Cher from the 92 regulation team. It's a pleasure to meet you all in this step-by-step process of optimizing advertising operations to create a sustainable development process. To develop, stability is key, so I hope you all will focus on stability. Thank you!

  Top Comments:
  1. @MinhLe-du5ob [1 likes]: nhân bản page là ntn vậy a
  2. @Saitama-rf6ey: Làm sao để chạy dc tk bm2k5 admin

- Running Facebook Ads But No Customers? Fix This in 2026: Kind: captions Language: en If you're running Facebook or Instagram ads and not getting customers, you're not alone. Most business owners think ads don't work. But that's not true. The real problem is not the platform, it's the strategy. In this video, I'm going to show you exactly why your ads are failing and how you can fix them even if you're working with a small budget. So, if you run a local business or an online service in the US, this video is going to help you a lot. Part one, the biggest misunderstanding. The biggest mistake most business owners make is thinking ads are just about boosting posts. You post something, click boost, and expect customers to come in. But boosting post is not a real advertising strategy. It's designed to give you more likes and visibility, not actual leads or sales. That's why many businesses spend money and get nothing in return. They're using the wrong approach from the beginning. Part two, why your ads are failing. Let's talk about the real reasons your ads are not working. One, wrong targeting. If you're targeting everyone, you're reaching no one. Your ads need to speak to a specific group of people. For example, if you run a dental clinic, your audience should be people in your local area who are likely to need dental services, not everyone on Facebook. Two, weak ad message. Your ad must clearly answer one question. Why should someone choose you? If your ad looks like every other business, people will ignore it. You need a strong message that solves a real problem. Three, no clear goal. Many campaigns fail because they don't have a clear objective. Are you trying to get leads, website visits, messages? Each goal requires a different setup. Without a clear goal, your ads won't perform. Before proceeding to part three, please do like and subscribe my YouTube channel. Part three, what actually works. Now, let's talk about what works in real life. Step one, clear objective. Always choose a goal like leads or messages. That's how you bring in actual customers. Step two, smart targeting. Focus on location, your city or service area, age group, interest related to your business. This ensures your ads reach the right people. Step three, simple offer. Don't make it complicated. Offer something clear like free consultation, limited time discount, book now. People respond to simple direct offers. Part four, small budget strategy. You don't need thousands of dollars to start. Even $10 to $20 per day can work if your setup is correct. The key is not spending more money, it's spending smart. Start small, test what works, and then scale. Part five, reality check. Ads are not magic. They won't fix a bad offer or a weak business, but when done correctly, they can bring consistent leads and growth. That's why strategy matters more than budget. Part six, call to action. Very important. If you're running ads and not getting results, don't keep guessing. I can review your ads and show you exactly what's going wrong. I offer a free audit where I check your setup and give you clear feedback. If you're serious about getting more customers, send me a message or check the link in the description. Let's fix your ads and start getting real results. All right. Thank you for watching my video. Please do like and subscribe and support me.

- Tối ưu Facebook Ads 2026: Vì sao chi phí ngày càng đắt? | Qn92: Kind: captions Language: en When users become annoyed and take actions such as blocking ads, reporting ads, hiding ads, blocking the ad altogether, or even unliking and unfollowing the fan page, the platform will definitely fine them. Because this platform survives thanks to its users. If there are no users, who would advertise here? And if an advertiser keeps annoying users, they might not even want to play on the game anymore; they'll just switch to TikTok. Because I'm constantly bombarded with ads here. Did you enjoy meeting your siblings ? The users are the same. And this is what drives up our advertising costs and land prices. This is inherently a flaw. Hello everyone. Today's topic is my review of the advertising campaign that the HR team used while running the project. Of course, those HR personnel who have been operating for 2 or 3 months will still have quite a few errors. By the way, please share the problem you encountered with us so we can discuss and share ideas to find a better advertising solution for everyone. And this is the result that our HR team got. Specifically, if you receive a budget to run an ad campaign for about 5 days, you will receive between 45 and 100 million VND. So here, on an account you're currently running, I'll open the results from the last 7 days so everyone can review them and we can compare them from various angles. Firstly, during the operation process, we will have KBI. KBI's cost per chat ranges from no more than 16,000 to 17,000 VND. This is the average. Secondly, the sales criterion is a conversion rate of 30%, meaning that out of 10 messages, three must be sent to the phone number that closed the deal. So, here are some criteria I'd like to share with you all. Everyone just wants to get to the point where they sell well. My operations staff is the same way. This is one of our employees who's only been on the job for 3 months. When running an advertising campaign like this, there will always be ups and downs; some days you get orders, some days you don't. For example, the average over the past 7 days seems fine. However, if we look at today's report results, the cost of running the report today is generally higher than on previous days. Perhaps you'll look at it and think that somewhere around 11,000, 14,000, or 19,000 is pretty good, but for me, it's not. When I looked at the overall price, it was clear that this cost was expensive. And here, my friend has forgotten about a story about exploring the nature of the platform. You forgot about this, so I have to make a video to remind you and your siblings. So, before we head to bed, let's sit down and get to know each other a little bit, shall we? Let me ask you guys, what are Facebook, YouTube, and TikTok platforms? These are entertainment platforms. The reason we sell advertising here is because the platform's underlying message is entertaining; it provides valuable and entertaining information to keep users engaged on the platform. And when there are users on the platform, then we advertisers can participate in advertising to reach these users. This is the nature of it. Please allow me to elaborate on the essence of the matter like this. This is a normal account that needs to crawl . Okay, so now I'll scroll through, scrolling to the recent content that's been getting a lot of interaction. I came across a dental article like this. It's possible you stumbled upon some dental-related content and it's here. Scientists like this are always on the move. The Paris University of Science is quite a famous place, you know . It's quite famous in the dental field. So, with a dental website like this, when you interact with it, you're just a regular user . They interact if they're interested, which could mean they'll follow the page, and if they are following it, then it's perfectly normal for that to happen. But no, things would be abnormal if users were just browsing Facebook or Newsfix and they wanted to see entertainment content, they wanted to see news updates from their friends. But with ads constantly popping up in people's faces, do you know what kind of harm they're causing to users? It will cause discomfort. And this very annoyance will drive up your advertising costs, folks. The land is clearly rising. Let me give you an example. Imagine you're a user, you might have already done some research, or maybe you're just researching now, but if ads keep appearing in front of you like this, users will develop a defense mechanism. They'll react to the constant attacks and messages, right? Users will resist these kinds of messages and get annoyed. So, what will they do? First, they'll click " Ignore." If that's the case, and even after clicking, the ads are still spamming and reaching the same users, they'll click "Click" on the ad. Even if they hide the ad, the content or message might still continue to appear. What do you think they'll do next? Once they get to this page, they immediately start cutting it down . And this is the most terrible thing . When users become annoyed and take actions such as blocking ads, reporting ads, hiding there are no users, who would advertise here ? And if an advertiser keeps they might not even want to play on the game anymore; they'll just switch to TikTok . Because I keep getting bombarded with ads here, and I'm meeting people here, but do you guys like that? The users are the same way . And this is what drives up your advertising costs and makes it expensive; that's the core issue. And that 's also the reason why we operate our business. I advise you all to launch an elimination campaign every 7 days. There must be a cycle, a filtering cycle and an elimination cycle. The cost you quoted me today is so high that if the ground gets in and the problem dies, it will immediately become apparent . Let me check if you've created any objects. That's the level of interest for us siblings, right? Let's see if you created it. Here, you're creating an audience, but this audience is for targeting, not for filtering. This helps us minimize distribution to people who have already purchased or those who aren't really interested, thus reducing advertising costs and improving our advertising performance. It also helps the platform evaluate us better, preventing unnecessary increases in advertising costs. And here, I only see you doing one task: creating the file for the online process. There are no exclusion files here . So how do we exclude them? My siblings and I clicked on the object box . Please help me connect here. Create custom objects. When we create the object part, we scrape to create the page part to help you. Go ahead and select the page where we're running ads and which we want to exclude. Here's just an example, okay? I'll give you an example of a page here. So, I will select one page during the advertising campaign to exclude that audience. And we will choose which events to exclude. And please note that we are using this diagram to communicate, which is quite a reminder. Then I'll borrow this slide, okay? Also, if you're experiencing issues like spam messages or other unwanted advertising, you can check out other content on the Win D92 channel. There will be content shared categorized by topic. Now, here I'm going to talk about the subject of that story. And the target we are aiming for here is exclusion. And our task is to eliminate the person who made the purchase. For customers who have already made a purchase, we will have remarketing campaigns tailored to their needs, rather than running advertisements. The goal, the campaigns, and the content we're running today and at this time are to find new customers and sell to them. Furthermore, when selling to existing customers, there are many ways to do it, and we do n't always have to spend money on advertising. There are many ways to retain customers, for example, by engaging them on Zalo, sending messages, etc., or we can occasionally run campaigns, discounts, or retargeting programs. Therefore, when it comes to selling to existing customers, a different strategy is needed. My way of thinking is different from my older siblings'. That's why we need a strategy before we start operating, instead of just jumping in like moths to a flame and ultimately losing all our advertising budget . Here, the story is about exclusion ; we're excluding people who have already made purchases, and we're excluding clones and fakes. Remember, actions should match the goal. The goal is to eliminate expensive and annoying advertising costs for users. So, here I will choose two goals. The first target audience is people who have already interacted with your page. This is the number one category. And the key here is choosing the right time to create the file. Our cycle is typically 60 days. A 60-day lead timeframe would be sufficient for consumers to return and purchase our products a second or third time. That's it, it's cyclical. Also, for those of you whose products are cyclical, occurring every 2 months, 3 months, or once a year, please set the number to 362; nobody will be able to fix that. So here, the timeframe will depend on each person's individual strategy . And that strategy will depend on the product's consumption cycle . So, since this product is a demo from our company, if people tend to consume it again every 60 days, then I'll set it to 60 days. Then there are the people who interact with my page; I can add more people and they can click on more links. Then, continuing from the interaction with the page above, below you will have a section for visitors, including those who access the page, and especially, this is the foam engraving feature. Visitors to the site will include people who have messaged to make a purchase, those who haven't messaged to make a purchase, or a combination of both clones and sellers. That's why for those who access this page, we'll also give them 60,000 VND, divided into parts, okay? Then we can add more. That's what it lets us replace it with. Then we'll add more here . Those who have liked or followed your page, and those who interact with any promotional posts, also have 60 days. Here's more. Then there are those who clicked on any of the call-to-action buttons . That's also 60 days. Then, the same applies to those who clicked the "send message" button on your page, also after 60 days. So we'll name this object "60 days". What needs to be eliminated is virtually all of the interaction phases within these 60 days; we need to exclude them. Excluding certain options helps to reduce wasteful advertising costs . And furthermore, this is a Business Manager ( BM) advertising account and this is a BM advertising system. That's why we only need to create the file on one account. Let me give you an example. Now, when I create a new file, I select the file I just created. Please note that it is currently loading. We'll wait two to three hours for it to finish downloading. Select this file and we can share it. That's the amazing thing about the BM advertising account system. My whole family can absolutely share our ad accounts on Business Manager with other members. And this is also a pretty good part. We can absolutely apply this to other advertising accounts on BN, and this is a unique feature. So, if I create this file, exclude it, and find it effective, then I will proceed to share this file with the remaining ad accounts on the Business Manager, and I will also implement this across all ad accounts during the advertising campaign. I will also exclude this file so that my advertising efforts will only reach new customers to persuade them to make a sale. As for existing customers, I will send them follow-up messages , check in on them, and call them. And for those who are still hesitant to buy, I will create a different category, not this one. I'll create a list of people who have messaged but haven't made a purchase, for example, people who watched a video but haven't bought anything, or people who interacted with an advertisement but haven't made a purchase. I will proceed to run ads targeting those audiences. And the correct thinking here is that for people who are exposed to our ads for the first time and don't buy the content because it's not appealing, it means they are having more difficulty making a decision. They are more thoughtful, they think more deeply, they compare prices more often, right? Therefore, when we create the second segment—those who are interested, have followed, but haven't made a purchase—we then establish a second content message, which could be about discounts. Think of it simply: discounts are an inside message. Or, create content that addresses their higher-level concerns or pain points, for example. Things people haven't asked me about could be things like, "Oh, I know, I like this toad, but I don't know what material it's made of," or " You say it's like that, but who has used it? Have those who bought this toad actually made money with it? Is it effective?" Then, the second type of content we can create could be user reviews – people who have bought it, experienced it, become wealthy with it, and are sharing their experiences . It's possible that those are actors we hire from the community to provide feedback, but that's the second type of content we use to run content ads that build trust. Then we can use that content to reach people who are already interested, following, watching, and interacting but haven't yet made a purchase. That's what real advertising cost savings are all about. That's just the strategic thinking; I haven't even mentioned other things like setting up or editing or creating a master map. So, this is the point I need to discuss with my family. Otherwise, the simplest way to think about it is that the number one content is sales content that talks about the product. Content number two is discount content, directly focusing on discount programs for those who are always comparing prices. This is the part about running ads that I recorded to upload for my HR team to update them. I also recorded and shared with everyone that it's not just about setting up cameras and running ads from start to finish without understanding the market, understanding the customers, and understanding the nature of the platform's distribution. That's how we waste money online. Here, I'll show you. Let's open the CBM column. Let's open this CBM column. Then, drag this CBM below the impression count section and drag the amount spent up so you can see. Take the number of impressions and multiply it by the CBM to get the amount spent. I'll open this tab, this tab... Here's the limit: I'll multiply by the CPM price, then by the CBM price, then multiply by this price, and press enter. Everyone, see if this is the correct amount spent. Is this the correct amount spent? 434,000 VND, not the number of people reached. And within these individual campaigns, do you notice that the platform keeps returning and distributing to existing users ? And when we look at the summary, it's only about 7 days. In about 7 days, our family has reached out to almost 100,000 people, right? 100,000 people means you can imagine how much of your advertising budget is going into that. The data never lies. This is the operating philosophy of our team. My work is based entirely on data. Just look at the data, just look at the parameters we're working on. So this is the part I need to update everyone on, and I'll also share it with you all while reviewing the advertising campaign from my HR team . And this is the perspective from which the throne is placed. If you have any different perspectives on the process of running a second-hand advertising business, please leave your comments below, or if you have any questions, let's discuss them further with the team. Hello everyone, see you soon with more interesting content and more sharing on the Nguyen D92 channel . There's still quite a lot of content to be covered in the operational process, and when we put it into practice, there will be many more challenges. So let's keep learning and improving each other every day, okay? Goodbye everyone, see you in more content later. We keep searching for answers on how to optimize advertising campaigns and save on advertising costs, but the simplest mindset we [in music] have almost completely overlooked is that, like myself, Duong, and many of you sitting here, we are human beings, we have a process of growing up, learning, and developing, and clearly, how we understand things will determine how we operate. So, have you ever asked yourself whether your accounts, fan pages, and all your advertising campaigns truly understand your potential customers ? Have you correctly identified the people who are capable of selling and generating profit for you ? If your advertising system doesn't understand your customers, doesn't grasp their customer profile, or perhaps you're guiding them incorrectly, then it's likely you're doing it wrong. This leads to a situation where misunderstandings lead to mistakes, causing our advertising costs to keep increasing, rising, and creating more and more problems. And that caused confusion among my siblings . Currently, Duong has packaged 6 to 8 years of experience in the business into detailed processes to become a long-term and stable partner for you all, so that we can all grow together in a win-win situation. My siblings and I are growing, and my team is growing too . Therefore, you can learn about the process that our team can hand over to you during the optimal operation of advertising on beef pho restaurants. You can scan the QR code on the screen to learn more and join our team in the advertising operation process. Hello everyone, I'm Duong, the cornerer of the H2 marketing team. It's a pleasure to meet you all in this step- by-step process of optimizing advertising operations to create a sustainable development process. To develop, stability is key, so I hope you all will focus on stability. Goodbye!

  Top Comments:
  1. @guitardemhat [1 likes]: Quảng cáo là công cụ - ăn nhau content thôi :)))
  2. @xuantruongkma [1 likes]: Khi mk tạo đối tượng loại trừ như v xong thi cần target loại trừ ngay trên chiến dịch đang chạy hay là set camp mới vậy a. Em cảm ơn
  3. @hung9042: bạn  làm về  ngành game  đi  ạ
  4. @stephentl88: Cảm ơn bạn, tư duy hay thật sư !
  5. @LongNguyen-lq4ws: anh ơi, em chạy 1 chiến dịch (tối đa mess) 500k/ngày, mỗi ngày 16- 17 mess, tỷ lệ chuyển đổi ra sđt là 20%, mặc dù em đã loại trừ khách hàng đã chuyển đổi và rác thì sau khoảng 15 đến 20 ngày, thì nó lại hiển thị tệp cũ (tỷ lệ gần 50%), thì em nên loại trừ thêm đối tượng gì ạ?
  6. @ÊchgiốngVănnghiêp: a muốn mua via để tạo fanpage để làm affiliate thì nên mua via nào e ơi

- Meta Đổi Thuật Toán Quảng Cáo: Vì Sao Facebook Giờ Chỉ Đổ Về Tin Nhắn Rác? | Qn92: Kind: captions Language: en The cost of the message is cheap, but it's full of spam because of you. Why is that because of you? I will analyze this. Is it true that when we set up our apps, the goal is to send as many messages as possible? Combined with that, the meta will try to spend your budget and get the most results. You want less money but lots of text messages. So the story about distributing to the cheapest people is correct. In fact, it has had machine learning algorithms for a long time, not just now. But it's like a law; previously, a law was introduced but not everyone was forced to strictly adhere to it. Then, Adventitious methods were introduced to help our distribution process automatically achieve the dynamic conditions. This means that while I'm creating the rules, I'm still supporting the shops in implementing them. That was in the past. But things are different now. I make the rules, and you have to make those rules work for yourself. And the support I'm giving you is only during this particular learning phase. This means during the first 15 to 21 days of the advertising distribution process. This is the biggest reason why our campaigns start failing after about a week, or 10 or 15 days, and the advertising costs keep increasing. If we don't get the machine learning story right. Meta has once again changed the mechanism for its distribution algorithm, everyone. And of course, every time there's an update like this, we have a huge headache figuring out how to optimize it. Fundamentally, the foundation absolutely has to change; it's not about saying, " Oh, it's fine, it's good, why keep changing and teaching?" Almost every field needs updating, needs to create new rules of the game to be more adaptable, and to be able to select more outstanding individuals. So, for this latest platform update, the goal is to find and select models that are more adaptable, thereby satisfying user preferences and ensuring a balance between entertainment and sales. Currently, with the advertising strategy that many people choose, which is to maximize the number of conversations via messaging, the platform will target people who are likely to send messages, instead of implicitly targeting people who are likely to make purchases via messaging, as was the case before. This is different; it means that now, a user might message people, ask for information, and do a lot of research, but then they don't buy. But for a user who sends a message and makes a purchase, that's a different story altogether. So why does the platform create something so difficult to recognize? Basically, it's because we 're users on a platform that's already saturated. Because of this user saturation, the platform is forced to protect users and cannot force them to send messages or view unwanted advertisements. Even when we display ads directly to them, they still take screenshots and then upload them to third-party platforms for people to buy. That's perfectly normal, guys . My siblings and I understand the truth of the matter. That's why the platform wants to preserve its user base instead of constantly bombarding users with annoying ads, which can even lead them to uninstall the app from their phones. That's terrible with the Facebook app. That's why the platform needs a mechanism for mathematical calculations, selective distribution, and prioritized display to eliminate unwanted elements, right? So, before delving into the 2026 updates regarding that distribution system, I need to clarify one of the factors so that you all have a clear perspective when seeking advice from anywhere. When they share information, we must ask ourselves: where did they get this knowledge from? We need to find the root of the problem so that later, even if things change, I can still find that knowledge and learn more on my own, improving my analytical thinking skills so I can proactively handle it in the future. Everyone wants that, right? So, before we get into that, there's a mathematical concept I 've talked about a lot, from the beginning of 2026 until now—about the last six months— that's the mechanism behind Facebook's machine learning. You can find the official link to the platform here, folks. This is the mathematical property published by the platform itself. We wo n't have to worry that the knowledge this person shares, or this friend shares, has no source or origin. This means that sharing information from a personal perspective is extremely dangerous for us to apply. And here is the standard foundational knowledge . You can see why I encourage you to search with this: it's a platform rule. When we participate in a market, we must understand how the rules of that market are formed, and comply with them more effectively. Clearly, since we live in Vietnam, we should know Vietnamese law. We can't just take some American, European, or Canadian mindset and apply it here, thinking that's against the law, right ? So, in the case of running ads on Facebook, we also need to know the platform's rules so that we can apply them effectively. Specifically, we need to generate sales and bring in money. We can't just study and watch a lot, but in the end, it's all just theoretical knowledge, which is very dangerous and wastes our time and energy. Here, you should also understand the mechanism of machine learning. The next change that the platform wants to focus on now is the distribution mechanism in the interaction flow and all other flows. It has a more in-depth mechanism, starting from the big pie and then moving to smaller pie segments, and so on. Okay, I'll analyze that in more detail later. First, when we run ads, we usually choose the " engagement" option, right? Let's continue here. Then, my siblings and I will continue coming in here. So, within this interaction flow, we have the book shelves A, B, C, and D, which I'll explain later in terms of the mechanism, okay? That means I'll tell you the solution later. Now, I need to clarify what changes in the power grid are mentioned in that section so that we can easily understand. Now, I'll choose a website that frequently sells products. Let's say I choose to visit this fan page. Please take note, everyone. That's the difference . The differences will be separated for each type of page, okay? To make it easier for my siblings to understand. Now you can take a look at this – this is the effective goal, right? Let's pause here for a moment to analyze. What is the goal of effectiveness? This means that advertisers configure the system with accounts and then distribute ads to those most likely to send messages. This is an effective goal. Because the goal of efficiency is to maximize the number of conversations, which means I now require the platform to distribute messages to people who are likely to message me. That's how it was at first. Previously, when we focused on maximizing the number of conversations, we sold a lot of products, my friends. Because the platform will implicitly understand that this shop essentially wants to sell goods and distribute them to people who message to buy. The platform will operate in this subtle way because it knows that when a shop sells goods, the shop will generate revenue and profit. When they generate revenue and profit, they will reinvest in advertising and spend more money on advertising. And clearly, the more advertising platforms spend, the richer they become. This is the symbiotic nature between fever and the door and of the foundation. The platform understands perfectly well that you want to sell something. That's why it has a mechanism for secretly bringing products to our shops, which is called the adventic mechanism. What is the adventic mechanism? Please take a look below. This adventic mechanism is a platform that automatically searches for the most suitable people for the type of content you're running and the type of product you want to sell, helping you generate more revenue so you can reinvest and spend more on advertising. This is the dark side story of this guy. So what 's the biggest difference this year ? This link will describe the machine learning phase. So, in this machine learning phase, we need to separate quite a few factors that are usually explained in detail in the machine learning process and provide an application roadmap. However, regulation two only applies to the content for female students in regulation two. And here, I'm sharing it for free with everyone . So, if you have any questions during the process, please leave them in the comments section. I will respond to each of your points with the data and parameters you provide me. Once I have all the necessary information, I will respond accurately to you . Alternatively, you can send me a message so I can arrange for your CAM examination . So the platform's machine learning mechanism is clearly stated. When an ad group is in the machine learning stage, it means when the platform will arrive at your machine learning results within the group. Please note that the information will be sent to the group, not to the campaign section. Many of my brothers and sisters are going on social media as if it were a campaign within many groups, but what exactly is the purpose ? That would only make things more difficult for our machine learning program. Obviously, during the process of being born and growing up, before going out to earn money, a child must learn to read and write, know how to do calculations, and thus have knowledge in their head. That's the bare minimum of a human story. So, they need to learn about advertising systems too . If people can learn, then the systems they operate need to learn too. Therefore, for an advertising system to consistently increase its budget and achieve stable and positive results, it must go through a proper learning process. Obviously, that 's the case. It's simply that we're too hasty, like trying to harvest something big in one go , and that's why we fail. And especially for high-value product industries, it's 100% guaranteed that prices will be higher right now. For a long time now, when we run distribution platforms, this machine learning mechanism has been around for 10 years, not just recently. But why is the platform now so strict that we have to adopt it? That was before, during the process of running ads, the platform would automatically do things secretly, meaning that at that time, the platform would automatically distribute the money to complete the results, meaning to meet the criteria for graduation. For every 10 units of advertising budget, the platform would automatically allocate 6 units to distribute via adventic. What is adventic? For example, if you're advertising a product like a watch, the platform will scan each image frame of that product, then match it with shops that are selling well on the market, and then what does it do next? Distribute the shop's advertisements to people with whom the shop has previously made successful sales. This means that shops that have been running previously, those that have been selling well and have a high sales rate, will be automatically recognized by the platform. Then, subsequent shops or campaigns for B's new advertising account will be boosted based on this data to complete the machine learning phase, increasing messaging capabilities and sales potential . There was a period when my siblings and I used a trick: we'd go straight to hunting for purchases. This means that the goal we choose is to maximize the number of message purchases. Here, brothers and sisters, we've chosen a phase in 2024. Those of you who are running this straight-line strategy will be very successful because the platform will... well, it will do this kind of thing. It's quite similar to the GMV Max strategy on TikTok. For those of you who operate multiple platforms, you'll understand how GMV Max works. TikTok's system is now applying the previous program from the "cow" platform, brothers and sisters. And even now, the platform has started to move away from the cam platform, the software platform, the way they run according to CBC, and require you to optimize according to CBM. I think the NH team operates on multiple platforms, right? My siblings are definitely here. But the reason why I specialize in this is that my channel only shares and receives content for Facebook. That's why we want to establish our team's brand on the Facebook platform. We may be good at many things, but we will specialize in one particular area. This is why we will be focusing most of the content shared by our team. Facebook is 100% deeply involved in its algorithms for analysis. That's why I advise everyone, when someone shares something with you or your siblings, to ask them if their math skills came from reading or if they just guessed. It has all of that in its fundamental nature . Either they don't know, or they just heard it from someone else . That is very dangerous. When the underlying foundation changes, we'll collapse immediately. We need to learn a complete and precise roadmap from the ground up so that when the foundation changes in any way, we can immediately recognize it. So, let's get back to this topic: what exactly is this potential buying opportunity for chat messages ? Why is its foundation so fragmented? It makes us feel like we're in chaos. So these would be the users on the beef pho platform . These will be the people on the beef pho platform. And among the people on this beef noodle soup platform, there are those who have messaged and those who have never messaged – these are the remaining areas. I call this maximizing the conversational flow of text messages. Now let's go inside. So, for those who have messaged before, if they messaged without buying anything, then so be it. But there are people who text them their phone numbers so they can buy the products. Then we'll get to the goal of maximizing the number of leads and messages. And why does it have this strange appearance? We need to fill out the information correctly, siblings . I'll send it to you guys to see. I'll send this to you guys to see. Here's a type of older sibling that's easy to identify. Can you see clearly, everyone ? It's inevitable that things will be confusing when you're with new siblings . But during the sales consultation process, when a customer messages the phone number displayed here, the platform immediately recognizes it and automatically generates a lead for you based on that conversation. That means the platform will recognize it immediately. So, during the time we spend together, is n't the conversation with the people giving out the numbers more important than the actual conversation? The file focuses more deeply on quality than maximizing the number of conversations within the group. That means even if a customer gives you their phone number, it doesn't guarantee they'll buy. It's normal for the number of people who buy to be in the voting process to have a ratio of people who don't buy . Therefore, after a customer successfully makes a purchase, the shop will place an order or create an order, right? Using third-party software for fast banking. We quickly developed many software programs to help you create orders or mark successful orders on your fan page. It will split into two directions. Messages for purchases and messages for non-purchases. But if we're going to do an in-depth analysis based on mathematical understanding, we need to understand what the foundation is. Then, we can text the number or text without giving a number. For those who text the number, it will automatically skip to the option of maximizing potential sales through text messages. Then, after those who provided the numbers, the analysis continues: those who provided numbers made purchases, those who provided numbers didn't, and those who did make purchases. The process then jumps to maximizing the number of purchases made through the ring's currency. Okay, let's continue, not yet. It will automatically identify who it is next. Customers who place a single order are different from those who place multiple orders at the same time. That's different, though. Let me give you an example. Imagine you're buying something from a shop, and you message them saying you only want to buy a charging cable, right? But I saw that shop selling a shaft that seemed pretty good to use, so I decided to ask them if they sold shafts . There's another situation we often see: selling combo packages. You've probably heard a lot about selling combo deals, right? In the Vietnamese market, we often play by the tactic of selling many combo deals. So, the platform will automatically recognize that instead of buying a shirt priced at 129,000 VND, if this person buys it for a higher price of 250,000 VND (including free shipping, for example), the platform will automatically recognize that this person has placed more than two orders in a single message. So, you can imagine that the platform is becoming increasingly intelligent, and it wants to delve deeper into the distribution mechanism. That's why, currently, during the process of running ads, you see that when you run ads, you get spam. The truth is, when you run ads, the platform tries to distribute them to places like this – places where advertising costs are cheaper. That's why, even though the ads might cost 2000-3000 VND per message, the conversion rate is very, very poor. And right now, it's doing this: it's distributing love. If you run ads to maximize messages, I will give you the most messages. This is what the platform has published in its machine learning; check the platform's information link. This is an introduction to machine learning. Do you see the "results" section below? Please save it to the "results" section so you can read it. The platform says it already has all the information; it's just a matter of whether we choose to read it or not. Okay, let's take a look at this. So here, you can see that it's partly about how to use it and how to calculate it correctly, right? So, look at the calculation method box; it 's the method you set up in your advertising campaign. That means I'll calculate it the same way you install it. So here it will have an effective goal. Obviously, since advertisers set their own settings to maximize the number of conversations, the platform will do its job of making the messaging cost as cheap as possible. Clearly, as you can see, there are two things down here that are linked together to create the process of running spam text message ads. It's cheap, but it's full of trash. First, you choose that you want as many conversations as possible. Secondly, you want your messaging service to be as cheap as possible. If you want the most messages for the money you spend, does that mean you have to buy the cheapest option to get the most messages? Let me explain it in more detail so you can easily understand. Are those people who don't respond to text messages? Those are people who are very cheap to reach . The fact that the message results are high, the messaging cost is cheap, but it's all spam is your fault. The reason why you guys will analyze this is that you guys set the goal of maximizing the number of messages as effectively as possible, combined with [clearing your throat] that the meta will try to spend all your budget and get the most results. You want less money but more messages, so the story of distributing to cheap people is correct. Only by distributing to clones and cheap ones can the message cost be cheap and you get more messages. This is the biggest problem. This is why in the content of the shock course there is an idea that you know how to bid. Many of you have asked me about the story of knowing how to poke around, I'm at home. I'm not allowed to review it, please allow me to explain the point very clearly in the slide here. Chapter 11, I want to state upfront that the knowledge provided by our top-notch team, specifically in this chapter, does not allow screen recording. I will quickly show you my siblings whenever you need me to, so you can see clearly. But the point in chapter 11 is something we absolutely must not record. Even though my siblings are students, I can help them if needed, but I'm not allowed to record. The nature of distribution is competition between shop A and shop B. If both shops perform exceptionally well, who will lose money? Competition involves both winners and losers. That's why, at this point in time, the platform is implementing these distribution mechanisms and what's the point? Let it eliminate the weak. So, currently, what we understand about the bidding process here is that we want to declare that we want messages, but those messages must be of high quality. Can you imagine that? It's not that I want that text message to be cheap. Cheap but full of trash is pointless. I want to sell something, I don't want a lot of messages. I want to sell something. The messaging options will be different at these two locations. If the messaging location is here, it will be different from the messaging location being here. The two customers in these two areas have very different values, very different indeed. So, this is the fundamental, deepest reason why the more we try to run at this point in time, the more we'll fail. The question is, why did it work so well before? Why is it that even now, when I run an advertising campaign for 15 or 20 days, it's still doing quite well? The more we talk, the more I realize my siblings are wrong. The story is that the algorithm used in the distribution process before, the algorithm used adventic. This means that, essentially, the machine learning algorithm has existed for a long time, not just now. It's like a law; in the past, a rule was established but not mandatory for everyone to follow. Adventitious algorithms were introduced to help our distribution process automatically achieve the conditions of the machine learning phase. In other words, I'm now establishing a rule, but I'm still supporting the shops to implement that rule . But now it's different; I'm making the rules, and you have to enforce those rules yourself. And the support I'm giving biggest reason why our campaigns start failing after about a week, or 10 or 15 days; advertising costs will only increase if we don't get the machine learning approach right. That's why this year's volume 92 talks so much about machine learning. So today I'm going to share a part of the training content that our second-quarter team is providing to you all, and I'm making it public so you can all see it. And almost all of the guys in the electrical engineering team are required to complete the training content during their training. Even for those of you who run ads for 500,000 to 1 million VND a day, taking a training course to understand the fundamentals is always a great idea. I'm making it mandatory for the training content to be like this. So, we need to analyze this here. And what's more, there are many people here who are jumping the gun. Duong said that the platform needs 50 results in a week. That's what Duong said. So they switched to the strategy of maximizing the number of purchases made via text message. That means those guys are running straight ahead and buying. That means the platform will be the one to tell the story of the purchase. I want 50 fruits, I want 50 purchases. That's when the guys rushed past their turn to buy. What is the purchase volume? That means you guys should go straight to the purchase option right here. Many guys will just skip straight through this purchase stream. Many people would just run straight through this kind of buying flow. That's when you guys see that Duong said 50 results in a week. So the guys started messing around with running a purchase cycle, but in reality, running a purchase cycle always guarantees a broken spoke on the road. Because the platform system does n't understand customer needs. What do they inherently require? They need a learning phase, meaning they need to learn who is texting, then who is likely to give their phone number , and then who is likely to make a purchase. They need to be taught this before entering the iron-boosting phase . Anyone who tries to learn bass by skipping steps or learning by swinging their fingers will just be wasting money, wasting money without ever getting anywhere . But I'm always quite busy while using this machine. But when people call and ask for help checking their cameras, I still make time to come and check them out, only to find out they all have this mindset. It's always like rushing ahead, constantly checking purchase counts, potential customers, conversions, and then searching for sales figures. Then you choose a different search, then you choose a purchase count based on sales, then you choose a message count based on sales – and that fails. It's all just doing what you think, without understanding what the system is thinking or how to follow its mechanisms. We're in business to make money, not to find a job. If you're going to find a job, then don't do it; the more you work, the more money you lose. What's the point of doing that? So, I need to inform you all that previously, the platform we provided was designed to help you reach the initial learning stage. Currently, the platform only supports advertising campaigns for the first 7 days. Specifically, after 10 days, your advertising system must be manually optimized and standardized. This needs to be clear, unlike before when we all thought that just because something ripened in oranges, it was delicious. One shot and you're good to go. That's how almost everyone used to be. Whenever the color orange appears, the thought in my head is: grab it right away, make money right away, get rich right away. Honestly, the era of getting rich quick and making money fast is over now. Even now, as you can see, household businesses and enterprises have to report tax information, including thousands of details about the origin of goods, clearly stating their source. Now, let's just stick to the mindset that back then, I imported goods from China, sold them secretly, and nothing happened to me. I'm still working as usual. Okay, let's get to work now. The state law has always been there. Facebook's rules are in place, just follow them. For the Vietnamese government, if we break the law, we have to pay the price, and on the platform, we have to pay money. If you make a mistake, you have to pay. Of course I see it! This is why many of you talk the most, ask the most questions, and call the most. I also told them to thoroughly research the machine learning phase and follow its workflow correctly. There will be stages for us to practice so that we can push our advertising system to become recognizable within the customer base. Facebook's AI is very smart, I admit. Right now, with the price of gasoline and diesel rising so high, my friends are saying things like, "Hey man, the gas price is so high, I want to sell my car." Five minutes later, their suspicious activity reappeared, with articles about programs to buy back gasoline cars and even to trade in gasoline cars for electric vehicles. But why only display the competitor's fanpage and not our own? Now I want to sell this phone, but why are only my competitor's fan pages showing up instead of mine? Because our system doesn't understand customer needs . I'll let them handle the distribution. A smart card, but it's not reaching my account. This will be the most honest and candid heart-to-heart conversation between my siblings and me during this period of Da Nang's development. And when a particular field changes its rules of the game. It's either adapt or be eliminated, my friends. Hopefully, my siblings will adapt. It's a real shame if you already know about the Win 92 channel and are aware of the information it shares, but don't have the opportunity to adapt to it . Does that mean we should keep clicking this year and then clicking again next year, right? [clears throat] Okay, brother and sister. If you find the content shared by this team helpful or useful, please remember to give the team a like and subscribe to the channel. Additionally, at the end of all the videos, the top-level team always has a community of top-level team members running the operation. We can all join in so we can share more opinions, information, and knowledge with each other every day to improve our thinking about advertising and making more money. Wishing you all great wealth in 2026 and lots of health so that you can always support and share with each other. Please like and subscribe so that when I share more videos, you'll immediately see the updated content . Okay, hello everyone, see you all in more great content on this channel, okay? Hello. We are constantly struggling to find answers on how to optimize advertising campaigns and save on advertising costs. But we've almost completely overlooked the simplest way of thinking. Essentially, like Duong herself and many of the other people sitting here, we are all human beings, and we all go through a process of growing up, learning, and developing. And it's clear that how we understand it will determine how we operate . So, have you ever asked yourselves whether your accounts, fan pages, and all your advertising campaigns truly understand your potential customers ? Have you correctly identified the people who are capable of selling and generating profit for you? If your advertising system doesn't understand your customers, doesn't grasp their customer profile, and perhaps you 're guiding them incorrectly, leading to misunderstandings and ultimately mistakes, your advertising costs will keep increasing, problems will arise, and you'll end up confused. Currently, Duong has packaged 6 to 8 years of experience in the business with detailed procedures to become a long-term and stable partner for you all, so that we can all grow together in a win-win situation. My siblings and I are growing, and my team is growing too. Therefore, you can learn about the process that our team can hand over to you in optimizing advertising on the beef pho platform . You can [clear your throat] scan the QR code on the screen to learn more and join our team in the advertising operation process . Hello everyone, this is Duong, the cornerer of the marketing team. I'm very happy to meet you all in this step-by- step process of optimizing advertising operations to package into a sustainable development process. To develop, you must first establish stability, so I hope you all will maintain stability. Ah, well done!

  Top Comments:
  1. @Cafe_BDSVN: làm thế nào để cơ chế máy học trong 7 ngày, chạy hiệu quả hơn
  2. @vietdungtran6700: Vậy bài học rút ra ở đây là mình phải chấp nhận thời gian ra mess rác khoảng 10 ngày đầu mới có thể tối ưu máy học sau đó mới đến bước ra mess hiệu quả đúng không anh?
  3. @vietdungtran6700: Nghe 2 lần rồi vẫn chưa thấy cách giải quyết. 😅 Phải học khóa học mới có à shop?
  4. @Thien_nguyen2k: Cám ơn anh! cho e hỏi là quy trình máy học làm tn cho fb học được chân dung khách hàng của mình chính xác ạ? chạy mess thì rác mà chạy tối đa lượt mua, tiền năng thì page mới chưa rõ chân dung khách hàng? thậm chí còn chẳng cắn tiền mà nếu cso cắn tiền thì chắc cũng rất tốn chi phí ạ! cám ơn anh nhiều
  5. @NhadatLeNga: Cảm ơn B
  6. @haianhtran3155: anh ơi em dính tệp rác nhiều quá có thể xắp sếp hỗ trợ e đc k em ms học chạy đc hơn 1 thnags

- Stop Wasting Money: Facebook Ad Structure That Wins in 2026: Kind: captions Language: en Hey, if you are someone who is running Facebook ads in 2026 to sell your digital products like ebooks, courses, digital program or any kind of online offer, but you are seeing bad result after the update. So in this video, I'm going to show you step by step how you need to structure your Facebook ad campaign that can improve your rows, decrease your cost per click, and make your campaign profitable. Using the same strategy, me and my clients are getting great result in 2026. So hi guys, my name is Oded. I'm the founder and CEO of 7 Marketing Company. And in this video, I'm going to show you how you can do it step by step. It's not a rocket science. You can do it. You can exactly copy and paste. Same structure, same strategy. So let's go to the wide screen and I'm going to show you how you need to structure your campaign and make your ads profitable. All right, guys. So as you can see now, I'm going to show you how most people run meta ads. They set up a campaign. All right. And they will create one adsets. Adset one. All right. Or maybe two adset two. All right. And in each they will have one ad, one ad. Either it can be image or video. All right. So here a lot of people get confused. Should we keep multiple ads? Should we keep one ad? Should we keep multiple adsets? So in this video I'm going to show you how you have to structure it. So for example, if you have a product, all right, product for let's suppose let's we are talking about lot low ticket product. So let's suppose your product is for $17. All right. $7, $9 or anything or if you're in India or anywhere similar pricing. All right, low ticket pricing. Now the best campaign structure should be your campaign here. Camp it will be for uh sales. It will be for sales. Now how much price you should keep? So whatever your product price is multiply by three. So 70 multiply by 3 will be so around $51 should be ideal price for your campaign. All right. If you want to get good result, you can of course run for $17 also per day or $21, $30. But if you want nice result, you have to multiply by three and have the campaign budget like that. And we will do campaign budget optimization CBO. It means you'll keep the pricing here 51. All right. Now you will have multiple ads sets and multiple means you will you should have around four to five adsets. All right. And each adset so adsets are basically there to divide your audience what kind of audience you want. But with 2026 update, Meta automatically detects who are your idle customers. So you don't have to do a lot of targeting. You don't need to do a lot of things. If you're trying to do it's going to give you error. All right? It will show you that we are we already take care of all this. So you can avoid creating lots of adsets. But I'm going to show you both way how you have to do it. All right. So ads set one ads set 2 adset 3 at set 4. All right. Right. So before 2026 update how we used to do adsets how we used to differentiate adset we used to have different locations in each right in each we used to have different kind of audience different targeting different all that but now after the update you don't need to do all that all right so how we are going to do how you are going to use adsets basically so the best thing that you should do that bringing me great result is have different kind of angle For example, if you are into fitness coach, if you are running campaign for fitness program. All right? So have multiple ads and have different angle of ads. All right? So for example, this first campaign can be video ads with maybe outdoor shoot. Outdoor shoot. All right. This can be video campaign, video ads, indoor shoot. All right. Indoor indoor videos. All right. So like this like studio. Next you can have image ads. Image ads with product or with uh your model or whatever image ads you can have um maybe with only text. Right? So there are different kind of angle. you have to keep testing different kind of angle and if you need all this um into a structure how you have to do it like a PDF you can get it in the link in down below or you can visit gettopinds.com and there we are going to provide all that all right so after this you're going to have uh let me choose some other color Yeah. So in each angle in each ad set you will have five ads five one 2 3 4 five connecting with this each adset. All right. Similarly you have to do it for each. So five here five here five here and five here. So total you will have um 5 into 4 is equal to 20 ads running for $51. So once you'll start doing strategy like this once you'll start testing like this. So in 3 days you'll start seeing which adset is performing better which ads are performing better. So first of all you should start disabling the ads that are not performing well after 3 days. All right. And once you'll start finding your winning ads, you should keep duplicating that. You can duplicate your campaign and only keep that adsets and that ads. So once you will start doing this, you will see your rorowass will start improving. You will see lower cost per click because you're giving lot of data to meta to test and get you better and better clients. All right. So this is the best structure that you can use in 2026. Um if you want practical example how you have to do it, how you have to turn it off, when you have to turn it off, I'm going to make more detailed videos about that. So for now, I think that should be it. If you have any questions, you can let me know in comment down below. If you want to work oneonone with me, you can visit gettopclients.com. And thank you so much for watching and I will see you in the next

- Best Facebook Ads Structure for Scaling in 2026 Without Burning Money: Kind: captions Language: en In this video, I'm going to be giving you the best Facebook ads campaign structure to help scale your brand in 2026 so that you can avoid burning hundreds of thousands of dollars testing creatives the wrong way. And at the end of this video, I'm going to give you our current method that we're implementing right now to help handle ad accounts where new testing adsets aren't getting any spend because one or two creatives are hogging up all of the spend. Now, just very quickly, you can see in one of our clients ad accounts last month, we spent 194k at a 4.35x rorowaz. And that month we did just over a million dollars. I'll refresh my screen so that you can see that's real. Cool. So, now that the proof is out of the way, let's get into it. I'm going to be giving you three different media buying ad account structures. And this is because media buying isn't a one-sizefits all situation. Depending on the market, the business, and the terrain that you're navigating, there is different ad account structures that are better suited for your business. If you think about it in a very simple term, you wouldn't use a Ferrari to race across road full of speed bumps, right? same as you wouldn't use an ATV or a dune buggy to race across a racetrack. So, as I go through these structures, I'll also be highlighting which ones are best suited for which type of situations, and then you can decide which one best suits your current conditions right now for your brand. The first structure that we have here is the testing scaling 1CBO method. This is where you go ahead and host all of your testing and scaling adsets within one campaign. So if we zoom in here, you'll see that on the campaign level, you would go ahead and choose sales as your campaign objective. You would choose CBO instead of And then you would set up the campaign on a business objective basis. So you might split this per product category, per offer, or per country. And once we get to the ad set level, this is where you're going to have multiple different testing ad sets, but only one winner's ads set. So, for the testing adsets, the settings you would choose for attribution is 7-day click, one day view. You would do broad targeting and exclude past 30-day purchases. Depending on your brand, you might exclude past 90day or 180 days. That's fully up to your brand. And it's important to remember, you only test one concept per adset. With this method, there is actually two approaches on this testing adset level. You can take approach one, which is more of a traditional approach. So typically you would test three to six creatives, but now that we're living in a post andromeda world, I've seen that testing up to 15 creatives is actually doing very well as well. So this is something you can actually test out for yourself. The second approach is the flexi ad or dynamic creative testing approach. So this is where you actually have 12 ads. So it's three creatives, two headlines, and two body copies. Now with the winners ads set, very much the same. It's 7-day click, one day view for attribution setting. You're doing broad targeting. you exclude past 30-day purchases and you're just hosting all of your highest performing creatives in this one ad set. Then on the ad level, I would always say that for a fair test within one specific ad set, it should either be all statics or all videos. And this is just to help with the analysis that you're going to be doing after you're done testing. If you start batching all of your statics with your videos, with your carousels, things can get a little bit messy and it's harder to actually do the analysis in your retro sessions. So yeah, it's very important as well just to remember all of these individual ads within the ad set should focus on the same avatar and same angle and meta encourages you to take big creative swings. So don't just use different headlines because that's not going to cut it anymore. The algorithm will classify that as one ad. What you would go ahead and do is change the underlying asset or the format that you're delivering this ad in. Now, once you have a bunch of your testing adsets laid out and you've started to identify winners, I would go ahead and create the winners ads set when you've got at least five winners and then all you have to do is grab those post IDs and then set up the new ads within your winning adset there. For the second approach, it's the cost cap bidcap method. I would only use this method if your brand has a constant supply of creatives coming in. If you have a very robust creative engine and creative flywheel, this can be suitable for you. But if you're a brand right now where getting enough creatives is your bottleneck, this ad account structure will not be suitable for you. Okay, so let's get into this. On the campaign level, it's the exact same as before. So sales objective, CVO, and then you split it on a business objective basis. And then when you go into the actual ad set level, this is where you go ahead and actually set your cost cap or bid cap. I would start 20% higher than what your target CPA is. And then you can start reducing the cap towards your target CPA after the adset actually proves that it can start to spend. So in case you guys are unfamiliar with cost caps and bid caps, essentially the difference is that if your target CPA is $50, cost caps means that over a 7-day period, it is going to average out to your $50 target CPA. So day one, that adset might actually be returning a CPA of $50. Day two, it might return 70. Day three, it's $20. and then it's going to average out where overall on a 7-day span it's a $50 target CPA. Now for a bid cap it just means that the most you're telling Meta it can spend at auction is $50. So it's not going to go over that. Now if we move across to the ad level again is the exact same as what I said before. This is going to fully depend on your optimization framework and your media buying way as long as you stay consistent with it. So you can do the three to six ads per adset. You can do the flexi ad or you can do the new method that a lot of people are implementing right now, which is actually testing up to 15 creatives per adset. Now, the last method that we're going to be going over is the testing and scaling CBO method. This is where you have two different campaigns. One to host all of your testing and one to host all of your scaling. The campaign setups are similar to before. The only difference is obviously when you set this up, make sure you select and when you set up your scaling, you select CBO. Testing adset. Again, everything is the exact same and on the ad level, it's the exact same. Personally, across all of our clients, we don't actually use this method at all. And this is because with this method, we found that essentially what you're doing is you're forcing spend behind testing creatives with very limited upside. Because again, the only will spend more once me as a human decide, hey, based on the data I can see, I'm going to increase the budget. But there's a very big problem here, which is as a human, I only see the last click attribution data that the platform gives to me. There's so much other things that go on within the platform that I can't see. For example, one adset might have a very, very high CPA, but it has a very low frequency that typically signals that this is a good prospecting adset and it's going after new audiences and bringing them into the funnel. I can't, however, see all of the different touch points it has with different customers and how it fits within the overall funnel. And so that is why I prefer more of the CBO method because the algorithm knows itself that hey there is much more scaling potential here and it's actually going to allocate more spend behind that specific adset. So now let's talk about the scenario where you might be launching some new testing adsets and they're just getting zero spend because one or two winning creatives are just hogging all of that spend. What do you do in this case? Well, right now this is the method that we're implementing and we're seeing a lot of success with on the adset level. We set a minimum spend threshold for 3 days. And after 3 days, we remove this threshold and two outcomes occur to help us determine is it successful or unsuccessful. The adset is unsuccessful if spend starts to drop off immediately after that minimum spend threshold is removed. And it's deemed successful if that spin continues to scale and eventually it reaches that plateau. Now, if you're two steps ahead, you might be wondering what is the difference between this and testing. They sound very similar, right? You're assigning a budget and you're making these new adsets spin. The thing is with this method, you're minimizing downside but maximizing upside. Going back to what I just said about the testing method, you're relying on humans to go ahead and read data that is only last click attribution, which isn't even the full story to then decide, hey, should I be increasing budget and scaling this adset, or should I be keeping it at the current level? Whereas with CBO, as soon as Meta has all of the data that it needs, it will be increasing the budget and will help you scale without waiting for the human to go ahead and decide yes or no. So in this method, we're just defining a minimum threshold to give the adset a fair chance at collecting enough data and signals to perform and spend. So if we look at it on a graph, you get a better picture of what I mean. The blue line represents the typical no minimum spend. This is how an ad typically will perform. So spending very little over time starts to ramp up and then it's going to reach that maximum amount that the adset can now spend. So let's say you're spending $10,000 a day. Maybe this adset, the maximum it really can spend is about $1,000 a day. Even if you increase the budget to 20,000, $30,000, $50,000. This adset might only be able to spend that $1,000 per day. Eventually adsets will have that natural plateau that it's going to reach. Now the green line denotes what happens with the minimum spend threshold in place. Once you reach day three, there are two outcomes. Spend either goes down and drops off. So, we know that we can eventually kill off this adset or after day three, it's going to continue to scale up and spend and reach that natural plateau even earlier. So, the whole point of this approach is that we're capturing that potential upside much sooner. And it only happens because we are bringing this ad up to its maximum potential earlier on. If you look at it by comparing the two areas between the lines, this is essentially what you're doing in terms of cost versus benefit. You are paying a little bit more by having a minimum spend threshold in place. But that amount of downside, that cost is far less than what your potential upside will be once you find that winner and once you start scaling behind the adset. All right, now let's jump straight into the ad account and I'll show you exactly how you can set this up for yourself as well. So for the campaign objective, we'll select sales. Click continue. Go ahead, name your campaign. If you're going to run flexi ads, you want to turn off this advantage plus catalog. For the budget, you would choose campaign budget. So that ensures it's CBO. Set your daily budget to whatever you need. And then for the bid strategy, this depends if you're going to be highest volume, cost per result, rorowaz, or other. So bid caps. And then you click next. Again, name the adset whatever you deem necessary. So for example, maybe batch one. Go ahead, choose your conversion location. Make sure your performance goals not is to maximize number of conversions. If you are doing a cost cap or bidcap, set your cost per result goal here. And for attribution model, you would just choose standard. Now, this is where we get to that ad set spending limits. So, right here, you would click the edit button, set a minimum. Make sure you define the value. So, if your CPA, let's say on average right now is $50, you can set your average daily minimum to $50 here. And then for audience, you would go down to here and show more controls. Exclude your past 30-day purchases here. And then you can go next and set up your ad. All right. So, at this point in the video, you now have three proven ways to structure your Facebook ad account to help scale your brand to the level that you want in 2026. These are the current structures that we're implementing for our clients to scale them to a million dollars per month and beyond. So, if you want any help with your Facebook ads, creative strategy, or growth strategy, there's a link in the description below and you can book in a call with my team. Cool. That's it for this video. See you on the next one.

  Top Comments:
  1. @screenboiler: Are there structures for service based facebook lead ads? Or what industry are you mainly in?
  2. @screenboiler: very helpful
  3. @afkishere: But the info is so much better than most “consacrated” gurus out there. Keep up the good work. Thank you! ❤
  4. @its-samishaikh: bro do something of audio volume its so much lowwww

- Facebook vs Google Ads: Which is Best?: Kind: captions Language: en two massive online advertising platforms Facebook ads versus Google ads which is best and which should you use for your business in this video I'm going to discuss the pros and cons of each and answer that exact question so if you ever take a look at a graph showing the total online advertising spend and how much Facebook ads and Google ads take of that is enormous they have a huge share of the total online advertising pie and when people talk about advertising online often they're referring to meta ads Google ads remember that we've got Facebook Instagram included with meta we've got all of Google Plus YouTube included within Google ads so these are really places where people spend an enormous amount of time online covered by these two on an advertising platforms now most people know me as the Facebook ads guy but I actually started my sort of digital advertising journey in Google ads and we offer Google ads as a service and I even have a separate YouTube channel for Google ads specifically where I cover Google ads tutorials similar to this Channel all about Facebook ads if you're interested there'll be a link in the video description so I feel like I'm well placed to talk about the pros and cons of each and discuss their merits and where they have weaknesses and which one you want to use depending on the products and services that you offer so let's start with Google ads now there are many different elements to Google ads a lot of people think about it as just search it's not there are many other elements but if we just focus on search for a minute because that is one of the big differentiating factors between Google ads and Facebook ads there's no real search option when it comes to advertising on Facebook and Instagram that is not correct and with search that is a really big deal it's a much different buyer experience than Interruption advertising because people have intent they're actively searching for the product or services that you offer or something similar and this can be massive for certain businesses particularly if what you offer is quite Niche and particularly if what you offer is quite expensive to have someone actively looking for what you offer has obvious advantages now there are also some drawbacks to search now firstly it's more expensive you're going to pay more cost per click it's more expensive to get traffic to your website than it is with other forms of Google advertising or what you would do on Facebook and Instagram and that's simply because advertisers see people that have that intent as more valuable more likely to convert therefore they're willing to pay more they bidded up the price and you have to compete with them so that's an obvious drawback if you have a nice high average customer value it's less of a concern you can you can manage that but for those businesses with small average order values Google search can be difficult because of that also there might be limited search volume for your keywords only a small percentage of your overall target market and actively going to be looking for a new product a new service to have a problem fixed whereas there may be many other people that you could reach with other forms of advertising that would allow you to scale a campaign a lot greater different sources say different numbers the usual estimate is about 10 of your total target market are actively searching and there's the other 90 that you're just not going to reach through Google search and if you've operating in something that's quite Niche if there's not that many search on a monthly basis you might max out your budget at a thousand bucks a month a couple thousand bucks a month you can't scale as you can with other areas of Google or with Facebook Instagram now you can of course expand to other networks within Google ads like display which is Interruption advertising just like Facebook and Instagram but those businesses that do rely on interaction advertising are more that way focused tend to see better results with Facebook and Instagram ads and focus there more there are of course exceptions but that's just one of the major differences between the two platforms YouTube advertising is an interesting case now obviously it falls within the umbrella of Google ads and it kind of operates as a hybrid somewhere between search and sort of display Interruption advertising there are elements of it that are going to function quite similar to Facebook and Instagram ads you know you've got ads within content that's designed to interrupt people away from what they're originally intending to do which is watch something that's quite similar but there are options to advertise on YouTube based on what people are searching for because people do search in YouTube not as much as they do sort of within Google search of course but a lot more than they do within Facebook and Instagram so it's a bit of a hybrid there and that's something to consider depending on where your business fall was on the average or the value Spectrum how Niche it is all that sort of stuff the Google ads platform is certainly more sophisticated there's more options there's more different ways of advertising and that can make it more complicated for beginners what you find is that when you run ads on Google you run ads on search in a very different way to run them on YouTube in a different way to run them on the Display Network whereas if you're trying to learn Facebook and Instagram ads as a beginner the way you advertise on Facebook is very very similar to the way you advertise on Instagram often just taking a box right so I think that for beginners they often find Facebook and Instagram ads a lot easier to understand and probably get better results because of that than Google ads Google ads have recently bought in performance Max campaigns to try and address that where you can just set up one campaign that is then pushed out everywhere but I do think that if you took the average person who didn't have any experience with with Google ads or Facebook ads and they jumped into both ads managers both ad accounts and they take a look at the Google ad account and go this looks really complicated it is there's more going on that's fantastic for more advanced advertisers for beginners It's tricky in my experience Google ads tends to have better customer support better Advertiser support at this point as well now it's by no means perfect you can still get your own account disabled band for no reason and find it really difficult to get it back up and running but I don't think it's as bad as where meta ads is and I think that's just because of the maturity of the platform Google ads was around quite a bit um before Facebook ads and it has it had those issues absolutely you can rewind the clock to when I first started advertising on Google which must be 13 14 years ago and it was definitely worse than with those sorts of issues than it is now it has improved over time I very much hope that meta as a company is going to work on this and improve Facebook and Instagram ads in that sense over time as well we're going to get better support but I think that is an advantage that Google ads has at this point oh by the way we offer Facebook ads and Google ads as done for you Services you can have one or the other or both if you're interested Link in the video description to both you can go ahead book a call with all my team members find out all the information so let's switch the focus to Facebook ads for a minute now depending on which network within Google ads you are using Facebook ads is very visual it's more visual it's um therefore beneficial for businesses that have something to demonstrate and display we often find that food companies or apparel brands or things like that are very much Facebook Instagram advertising Focus because the visual element is really really important to them we also find that Facebook ads tends to be a better option for businesses with low average order values because you're going to pay less for traffic on average in comparison to Google ads if you're just not making that much from each customer Google ads is tricky Facebook ads gonna be a better place you're going to pay less for traffic less for exposure on that platform now I don't want you to misunderstand me if you have a high average order value High customer value don't think that Facebook and Instagram advertising isn't the place to be you will almost certainly get great results on both because having a really high average customer value is one of the the best ways to get good results from any form of online advertising so you should definitely be testing both platforms but just if you are on that lower end of things I would steer you more towards the Facebook and Instagram side of things now the total audience size for both platforms is quite similar it's not far off three billion users in each case which is just mind-blowing just about everyone that's got regular internet access at this point so it's not a huge amount of difference there but one thing that we do see differences particularly if you're comparing Google search to what you're able to do with with Facebook and Instagram is that the number of Impressions that are available is significantly larger so there's often more scalability as I said particularly when you're comparing to search on the Facebook and Instagram and platform so when we see businesses for example that have funding that want to go really big really fast get massive exposure they'll often be putting more of their budget into Facebook and Instagram ads than Google they'll normally be advertising on both and we've certainly run ad campaigns for clients in that situation but there's just more sort of Supply to be used up when it comes to ad Impressions there so that might be something to think about Facebook also has the big advantage of audience building so if you take YouTube aside from the rest of what you do on Google you're not really building an audience as you advertise whereas when you advertise on Facebook and Instagram yes you're looking to generate lead sales and all those sorts of things but you can also be building significant audiences that particularly when you've been advertising for years could be very valuable in their own right because you are going to get some organic reach not just on Instagram but also on Facebook and increasingly so there's been some changes around that over the last few years and you're going to be able to Market to those people that do decide to follow you on Instagram that do decide to to like your page and see your stuff and that can help your marketing scan go further over time as you reactivate those people and potentially get into purchase again or actually get them to convert in the first place so that is I think a significant advantage that shouldn't be dismissed when it comes to which platform should it be advertising on the side benefit of building an audience as you generate customers is we're really big and personally for my business my following across Facebook and Instagram to a lesser extent but still is significant we generate lots of clients from there organically I've got a Facebook group with more than 200 000 members because of some of the advertising I've been doing we can't really do that with Google so again another big difference between the two and one that I don't think people pay enough attention to one other thing that I want you to consider when thinking about Facebook ads versus Google ads is following the crowd might not be the best approach because when you do that you're often going to be advertising in a place where the ads are priced appropriately and you actually want to find scenarios where the ads are priced inappropriately so I'll give you an example let's say you offer a relatively Niche high-end service now you might think I'm going to advertise on Google particularly on search because that's where the highest quality prospects are going to come through and it probably are going to see the highest quality prospects there but if you were to take that business high-end service advertise it on Facebook yes you're going to have to do more in terms of lead vetting and filtering out the lower quality leads but the leads are going to be way way cheaper and the potential for scalability is going to be much larger because if it's a niche high-end service there's just not going to be that many people searching for it so you might find that you have a better overall return on ad spend with a business like that using Facebook ads even though the traditional wisdom would be Google ads and that leads me on to the main point that I want to get across here and that's that any business that is serious about generating customers online should have tested at least advertising on both platforms there's a very limited downside in doing so and if you've only been focused on Facebook ads you've only been focused on Google ads and you give the other a go the worst case scenario is that you just waste a little bit of budget but it's absolutely worth it to find out because you might find that a the other platform might perform even better which would be fantastic because you can funnel budget over there and scale Etc you might find that it performs similarly and then you can run both and you've got a more Diversified customer acquisition setup which is great because we all know that Facebook ad accounts Google ad accounts they can get banned and if that goes down how are you going to generate your customers it's particularly important for businesses that are a bit larger have staff overheads things like that you need customers coming in on a regular basis having that diversification is a really good idea if you test both and find that one performs much better than the other maybe you just retarget on that second platform so if Facebook ads is your main thing Google ads doesn't really work for you just set up a simple retargeting campaign that just ticks along with a small budget I would be shocked if that doesn't help improve your overall performance if you're just retargeting on say the Display Network and people who have visited your website that's almost certainly going to help boost overall performance particularly if you leave it on a on a small budget so given all those reasons I would definitely give both a go and then adjust your budget and your strategy going forward accordingly now you might be thinking that's great then but how do I get started you need to go and watch these videos on screen right now they are beginner tutorials for both our platforms and will cover everything you need to get your ads up and running go ahead and check them out

  Top Comments:
  1. @jwh0122 [9 likes]: 3:58 FB Ads: beginner-friendly
5:55 FB Ads: more visual
6:15 FB Ads: better option for low AOV
7:08 FB Ads: more scalability
7:47 FB Ads: audience building (long-term benefits)
9:00 FB Ads: cheaper leads
9:57 try both
  2. @oreixx [1 likes]: The amount of bot comments this dude adds to his videos is ridiculous 😭
  3. @LauraAcosta-z9t [1 likes]: The visual vs. intent explanation was super helpful in understanding the core differences, but I'm curious how these platforms stack up for different budget levels. A video exploring strategies for small businesses with limited ad spend on each platform would be awesome!
  4. @BenHeath: Get personal Meta Ads feedback from me (live) for less than $60 per session:
👉 https://www.skool.com/benheath/about
Let my agency run your Meta ads for you:
👉 https://heathmedia.co.uk/done-for-you/
  5. @alexplays1010: Hi Sir,
I am writing this with genuine confusion but also serious intent. I would really value your practical and straightforward advice.
I am at a stage where I need to decide my direction in performance marketing, and I do not want to waste more time being stuck between options.

A little about my background:
I have spent 3–4 years in content creation, including graphics and video editing.

 I understand creative thinking, hooks, storytelling, and audience engagement. However, I do not want to become a generic digital marketer who only makes reels, posts, or calendars. 

I want to compound creativity with business impact and become someone who drives measurable growth. 

I am interested in performance marketing because it combines psychology, data, strategy, and revenue thinking. I want to become AI-proof someone who uses AI to accelerate execution, not someone replaced by automation.

Currently, I see three possible sequencing paths:

Option 1: Specialize only in Google Ads + analytics first
Focus deeply on intent, bidding, optimization, attribution, conversion tracking, business math, and data discipline. Build strong analytical foundations and performance rigor before expanding to anything else.

Option 2: Specialize only in Meta Ads + analytics + creative strategy
Focus on demand generation, hooks, landing pages, content angles, audience psychology, creative testing, and campaign scaling — combining analytics with strong creative leverage.


Option 3: Build hybrid capability early — Google + Meta + analytics + creative strategy
Develop cross-channel understanding along with landing pages, messaging, funnel thinking, and creative strategy from the beginning.


My concern is not short-term salary. My concern is long-term positioning.
In an AI-driven environment where automation is increasing, I want to choose a path that builds durable leverage — not something that becomes commoditized.
I do not want advice based on my creative inclination. I want a logical, market-driven answer:

• Which sequencing builds the strongest foundation?
( if u think hybrid is best.. So which platform needs to learn first google or meta) 

• Which path creates long-term authority and leadership potential?

• Should depth come before breadth?
• And realistically, what does the market reward more over 5–10 years?

I have spent a lot of time trying to figure this out. I respect your serious and practical approach, and I am hoping your clarity can help me make a decisive commitment.

Thank you for taking the time to read this.
  6. @AlexanderBolkhovitinov: Geweldige content! Ik zou graag een video zien over conversie-optimalisatie.
  7. @AndreeaCe: Damn, dudes do you know how much is involved Facebook in not only human trafficking? You know how many morons are on Facebook?
  8. @garettdissmore7414: wow this was just SO helpful, THANK YOU for breaking that down, Ben.
  9. @Fargosportsmassage: YOU SPEAVK WAY TOO  SLOW
  10. @MartinProchazka-b4q: This comparison was exactly what I needed.
  11. @AndriiKravchenko-d5y7r: I appreciate the no-fluff approach in this video.
  12. @ViktorHristov-z8v9h: good
  13. @VasilMarinov-x1o: good
  14. @ManuelCalvoCostaricarealestate: I think there is a huge difference with regards to your product or service as well. B2c, Facebook gives better ROI, while B2B Google gives better ROI.
  15. @MarekProchazka-c8m: Great job! Would love a part 2 with more real examples.
  16. @SergheiBulat-o5e9z: Mulțumesc pentru analiză! Foarte util să vezi avantajele și dezavantajele fiecărei opțiuni într-o singură schemă. 👏
  17. @LewisChistianVarrilly: Cool video
  18. @YassineChatal-o9i5g: vidéo utile, rien de superflu 😘
  19. @TheMypanther1234: Great content but you can slow down your narrative speed a bit. It's hard to follow if I'm not 100% focussed on the video
  20. @annunziatonystrom: That visual vs. intent breakdown was a game changer! This has helped me see which platform will serve my client best. Thanks for the practical insights!

- Google Ads vs. Facebook Ads in 2025: Kind: captions Language: en It's the age-old debate. Meta ads or Google ads? Where should I put my money? And as you might guess, the answer is much more complicated than just getting a simple this or that. However, I'm going to give you everything that you need in this video to make the right decision, even if the right decision is oath decisions. Let me explain. The biggest difference between meta ads and Google ads is first understanding who the audience is and the intent. Why do these people come to vis? How do they come to vis and what are they doing at that time? What are they searching for? What are they shopping for? What's their behavior? And as I said, what's their intention? Because there are certain products and services out there that people are actively searching for all the time. Things like plumbers, things like lawyers, these need-based things, or these regular problems that we all have in our lives. For example, I need a cleaning company. I need a company to replace my flooring. I need a new skin care product to deal with my rosacea. Whatever it may be, if you are super aware of the problem you have and you're super aware of what the solution is for that problem, Google Ads could be a good option for you. Because when it comes to audience intent, Google ads targets people who are actively searching for something which is key is high intent. That's why Google ads are so attracted to people at first because these leads are great. The people coming to my site are good people. They're good leads. This is good traffic because these people are actively shopping for what you sell. Now, of course, the minus of that is that it also means that it can get competitive and expensive, but audience intent alone, if you're somebody who's googling best running shoes, you're likely to buy what you find to be the best running shoes during your period of shopping for this. And you can get in front of those people if you sell running shoes, and they are a very good prospect. Now, on the other hand, you have meta, which is interruption marketing. It's the same as Tik Tok ads. It's the same as LinkedIn ads, Pinterest ads, and even X ads. Yes, this is for businesses who have one of two challenges or both challenges. Challenge A, your target audience is not super aware of the problem they have that your product solves, and they're definitely not aware of the solution. This is something that would often come up if you have a new invention, something that is trying to break into a market that hasn't really been tapped very much. You see this as an amazing opportunity, and it is, but it also means that your advertising needs to be interruptionbased to get in front of people because they're not searching for you. So, if you're on Google trying to go after keywords that people are searching for, chances are it's going to be a little bit off. These are not going to necessarily be your best products. Of course, there's always creative ways to do it that creative media buyers can find, but in general, Meta makes a lot more sense for interruption marketing type products. It interrupts people while they're scrolling. It's lower intent, but given how good the algorithms are, you're still finding people, if your ad campaigns are set up correctly, that are ready to buy. It's really amazing for discovery at the end of the day. That's how audience intent raced out. Now, let's go to targeting. Google Ads is keywords and search behaviorbased for the most part, leaving out YouTube from the conversation for the most part and Google's display ads, which is a retargeting thing for the most part for folks. It's really good for capturing demand. If you're in an industry that could have high demand for your product or service, but they don't know about you, but there's a lot of searching already happening for it, there's a lot of relevant keywords, like we talked about best running shoes, it's a good idea to try to get in front of them with Google ads. If you are in a highly competitive niche or really any niche where there are lots of decent volume keywords and searches that your prospects are going through that could lead them directly to being a buyer of your stuff because they're just already shopping for you. Targeting for meta ads, however, is behavioral and interestpace and it also revolves more deeply in many ways around the algorithm. Although Google is deep on its algorithm as well, it's not as powerful as it used to be because the algorithm is so much more powerful and so much more favored. But when we are setting it up, we're looking for people that are interested in essentially very broad categories. It didn't used to be this way. There used to be many more detailed options that we could target to in meta as those eroded because of various legal hurdles and issues like that. When you couple that with the rise in adoption of the algorithm and development of the algorithm that's looking for people that are likely to buy or sign up for your stuff that have not before, it can be very powerful. It's really great for creating demand. Google will capture demand and Meta will create that demand and your creative needs to be locked up in that which we're going to get into next. that this is ideal on meta for visually driven products and services and lifestyle brands. Whereas Google ads very strong for local branded and service-based businesses as well as shopping campaigns if you've got the algorithm on your side. Okay, let's talk about the creative differences. Google ads in their most basic format and often most powerful format are text focused search ads. They also offer display shopping a YouTube ads of course but the text focused search ads are really the core product. So when you're going and googling something best running shoes and you get to show up as one of the first results. Now of course a lot of your competitors maybe all of them or most of them or some of them are bidding on the same keywords the same audiences that you're bidding on. Still, it's a highly relevant audience and you get the opportunity to get in front of them with very persuasive language, persuasive offers, and a persuasive landing page to take them through, which is very relevant to what they search for in the first place, as well as very relevant for what they're actually shopping for and trying to buy. Meta ads, on the other hand, are very, very visual first. Remember, when I talk about meta ads, Instagram is also in that mix. We're talking about images, videos, carousels, reals, stories being everything when it comes to meta ads. You need to get in front of people. It's really best if your product sells with a wow visual, which is not to say you have to do that, but given that this is interruption marketing, it would behoove you to use creative in your ads that is primarily meant to grab attention and secondarily there to get the click. Now, we may say, "Hey, Nah, I really want the clicks. That's what I'm going for." And I agree with you. We want that CTR number, the click-through rate to be as high as possible. However, you need to win the battle for attention before you can fight the battle for the click. It's a prerequisite. So, we need to think about that first when we're building meta ad creative, which is not something we're doing as much on Google Ads because people are already looking for us. It's a very different life spot that people are in if we're targeting them on meta and Google ads. They're just at a different spot in their life, a different time in their day most like most likely and they're just at a very different point in the buying process. Let's talk about cost and ROI. This is an interesting one. Google ads can be really expensive for competitive keywords. I'm not going to sugarcoat that. But it's also a better conversion rate very often because again it's that intent. Who are these people? I'm targeting people that are already shopping for my stuff. So you can get much better conversion rates because if somebody's searching for best running shoes, they go to your ad. They're looking for the best running shoes. You're saying here are the best running shoes and there's links to buy them. It's just a very natural progression for them. Now on meta ads, you typically do get cheaper cost to advertise. Often in Google Ads, it's by CPC rather than CPM. So cost per click. So you pay for the clicks, which is not true across the board. It could also be on a CPM basis depending on the placement you're doing in Google Ads. But to make it simple, you're often bidding on clicks and these are very expensive clicks at times if you're in very competitive niches. I would assume without looking it up that best running shoes are probably very competitive as a keyword. On neta, you're going to get cheaper CPMs in DTOC type situations. You couldn't be looking as low as $15 to $25 CPMs. $15 to $25 CPMs cost to reach a,000 people. So to reach $1,000 human beings that you have chosen in your targeting, it's costing you about $15 to reach them or $25 to reach them. In this day and age, as I'm recording this in 2025, you're probably going to see that number in the 20s more often than not. When you get into skin care, you get into supplements, it can start to creep up these really, really competitive niches. And when it comes to ROI, that's completely different for everyone because in Google Ads, you may pay more upfront for those clicks, but you're also going to get a faster conversion because these people are already down the marketing funnel and they're down the buyer's journey. Whereas in meta ads, you're interrupting them and they just have heard about it now. So you're going for simply an at impulse buy. It's all about that impulse buy, which is why it's more important than ever to run retargeting. So for example, just to recap here, so to put it all together, you're selling a trendy new product, meta ads. If you're a local service like cloning or cleaning, Google ads. If you want to run a brand awareness campaign, that's a good spot for metal ads. That's a good spot for meta ads. You want to capture people that are already searching for you directly. If you have a big brand or your product as Google ads, retargeting abandoned carts generally better for meta but can be good for both. And showcasing visuals definitely better for meta ads. The bottom line is it depends on what your product or service is and it very much depends on the mindset that your target customer is in. Are they looking for a solution to the problem that you solve or not? That's the first question to ask yourself when you're trying to figure it out. Now, of course, what's the best strategy? And use meta ads if you want to grab attention and create desire with visuals. Again, Google ads capturing desire. Meta ads creating desire. And you might say, hey, I need to create desire and capture desire, which is a lot of businesses out there. Every business should be doing some form of it. So, what's the real answer here? Well, the real answer is you should be doing both. Meta for discovery, Google for demand capture. create that demand with meta ads using brand awareness campaigns, direct purchase campaigns, more top-of-the-funnel stuff, and a really shiny creative. And then Google for demand capture so you can retarget people with display ads. So you follow them around the internet, you can follow them on YouTube, you follow them everywhere. If you happen to run a plumbing company or a flooring company or something that people are super super searching for, you could even flip-flop those and do a lot of your retargeting on Meta after people have looked for you on Google but have not yet converted. It's very it's completely business dependent. But hopefully we've been able to sort of get to the bottom of you trying to make this decision because many business owners are out there saying I have a limited budget. I'm not sure which bucket to put that budget in. What should I do? Hopefully, this will help. Like and a subscribe goes a long way.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Arpit_Thumbnails: Your Content is Great 👍 
I designed a thumbnail for it — happy to share if you’d like to test it vs yours.  
Just thought it might help with clicks.

- Google Ads vs Meta Ads in 2026: Which One Is Better for Your Business?: Kind: captions Language: en Google or meta ads? That is the question that we are answering today. And if you're running a business in 2026 and you're trying to figure out where to put your money, this is probably the most important question that you can ask. And I'm going to give you the real answer, not the it depends that everybody in the space is trying to tell you. I'm going to tell you exactly when to use Google, exactly when to use Meta, and exactly when to use both at the same time. Now, based on what I've seen after spending hundreds of millions of dollars on both platforms, this is a formula. Because here's the thing, most businesses pick one. They go all in on Meta because someone told them that Facebook ads are cheap, or they go all in on Google because they heard that search ads convert better. And then they wonder why they're not growing. And the answer isn't one or the other. It's knowing which one to use and when. And that is exactly what we're going to be talking about in this video. Now, if you're new to this channel, my name is Christian Jamal. I've spent well over $und00 million on paid ads. And on this channel, I make videos specifically for businesses that use paid ads for lead generation. Everything here is about helping you actually understand meta ads, Google ads, and run better ads in general and scale without guessing. So, let's dive in. Let me start by explaining the core difference between these two platforms because once you understand this, everything else will click. Google ads is demand capture. Someone types in best plumber near me, personal injury lawyer in Tampa into Google and they have already a problem they're looking for a solution for right now. Your ad shows up, they click, they call, whatever. That is a hot lead. They came to you. Meta ads is exactly the opposite is demand creation. Nobody opens Instagram and thinks to themselves, I need a plumber. But Meta's algorithm knows based on their behavior, their interests, and what they've been clicking on recently, that this person is likely to need your service, maybe now, maybe at some point in the future. Your ad interrupts their scroll. It captures their attention, and it creates demand that did not exist 5 seconds ago. Google catches people already looking, metinds people before they even know that they need you. Both are very powerful, but they solve completely different problems. So, when should you use Google ads? If people are actively searching for what you sell, Google is a no-brainer. If someone types your service into Google, you need to be there. Period. This applies to lawyers, plumbers, roofers, dentists, HVAC companies, real estate agents, the list is massive. Any business where people search for a solution when they have a problem and they need an answer now. Google also wins when the purchase intent is super high. Someone is googling like emergency AC repair. They're not browsing, they're sweating. They need you right now. that lead is worth 10 times what a cold meta lead is worth. And Google's cost per click is higher, but the conversion rate also makes it worth it. So, you're paying more per click, but those clicks turn into customers faster. Now, the downside, Google only works when people are searching. If nobody knows your product exists, if your service is new, if your brand is unknown, Google can't help you because there's no search volume to capture in the first place. Now, when should you use meta ads? Meta is where you build awareness at scale. If you're a new business, if you have a visual product, if you need to educate people before they buy, Meta is your platform. Meta lets you get in front of thousands of people who have never heard of you for a fraction of what Google costs. Meta's cost per click is significantly cheaper than Google. We're talking about a dollar or two on Meta versus 5, 6, 7, sometimes maybe 10 or 15 on Google in competitive industries. So, if you're working with a smaller budget, Meta stretches your money way, way further. And in 2026, Meta's algorithm is scary good. The Android Meta update means the system is learning from every single advertiser on the platform to predict who is going to convert. You don't need to be a targeting genius. You just need to have strong creative, a clean campaign structure, and the algorithm does the rest for you. Meta also wins for retargeting. Someone visits your website, let's say they don't buy or fill out a lead form, and then they see your ad on Instagram the next day when they're scrolling. That's Meta working its magic in the background. Now, Google also has retargeting, but Meta's formats are way better. Reals, carousels, etc. Now, the downside with Meta is that the leads are ice cold. You need a funnel. You need a follow-up system. You can't just collect a name and expect them to answer the phone the way a Google lead would. But here's what nobody tells you, and this is the part that changes everything for my clients. The businesses making the most money in 2026 aren't choosing between Google and Meta. They're running both together as one system. And here's exactly how it works. You run meta ads to create awareness. Someone sees your ad on Instagram. They maybe watch a video, they click on your link, maybe they land on your page, but they don't convert. And that's fine. You just planted a seed. Now that person goes to Google a few days later, they type in your business name or they search for the service that you showed them on Meta. and your Google ad is sitting right there waiting. They click and they convert. Meta created demand and then Google captured it. This is called a fullfunnel strategy and the data is clear. Businesses running both platforms together see significantly higher returns than businesses running either one alone because you're touching the same person at different stages of their buying decision. Meta warms them up and Google closes them. And here's the beautiful part. When you run both, your Google cost per click actually goes down. Why? Because people who already saw your brand on Meta are more likely to click on your specific Google ad. They recognize you. They trust you. Your click-through rate goes up. Your quality score improves. And Google now rewards you with cheaper clicks. The two platforms, they feed each other. They help each other grow. Now, if you're watching this and you're serious about growing your business with meta ads, Google ads, AI, funnels, automations. I built a completely free system. It's called Click to Client. It's in the first link down below. I'm not holding anything back. The link is right below. Click it, get access, and start building your system today. All right, let me break down exactly how to split your budget between the two. If you're starting out, your budget is under $1,000 a month. Let's say, go with Meta first. Build awareness, build trust, test your creatives, figure out what messaging actually resonates with your audience. Collect some data. You'll learn much faster on meta because the feedback loop is much quicker and it costs way lower to start learning. Once you've validated your offer and you know what converts, go on Google. Start with branded search campaigns. That's the cheapest Google traffic you'll ever have. It's basically people searching for your exact business that they saw on Meta. And then start with service-based keywords in your specific area. If your budget is between $1 and $5,000, I'd split it maybe 7030. Meta for awareness and lead genen and 30% on Google to capture the demand that Meta is creating. If your budget is over $5,000 a month, you can start balancing it closer to that 5050 marker. And at that point, you have enough data on both platforms to optimize aggressively. Meta keeps feeding the top of the funnel and Google keeps closing them at the bottom. But here's the rules that never change, no matter what your budget is. Never run Google without Meta warming up the audience first. Cold Google traffic converts, but warm Google traffic are people who already know you from Meta. They convert at two to three times the rate. That's a compounding effect. Now, let me give you the bottom line. Google ads is not better than meta ads. And meta ads are not better than Google ads. They do different things. Google captures demand. Meta creates that demand. The businesses winning in 2026 are the ones running both and treating them as one connected system, not two separate platforms. If people are searching for what you sell, you need Google. If you need awareness and you need to build it to reach new people, then you need Meta. And if you want to dominate your market, you need both. Working together and feeding each other the best info possible. If you want me to help you build this out on Meta, Google, the funnel, the whole system, everything. Links in the description to work with me on one-on-one as well. And that's pretty much it for this video. Hit subscribe and I'll see you guys on the next

  Top Comments:
  1. @KingAjClash [5 likes]: The point about running both together lowering your Google CPC is the biggest 'hidden' gem in this video. Most people think they are separate silos, but the algorithm crossover is real. Absolute masterclass, Christian.
  2. @ViralMediaPros [1 likes]: Great video, thanks Christian!
  3. @Backflip89: Just what i needed.  i'm looking to test conversion strategies for a new service that uses AI to analyze a job seeker's resume against the job description to find gaps and provide recommendations for the interview.  Since Meta listens to our phones ;) I trust that the Meta algo would put the ad in front of job seekers at a cheaper cost than Google shotgun approach.

- Google Ads or Facebook Ads? The TRUTH E-commerce Owners Need to Hear (2026): Kind: captions Language: en If you're trying to decide whether to put your e-commerce advertising budget into Facebook or Google, I need you to understand something first. This isn't just a platform choice. This is a strategic decision that will shape your entire revenue trajectory for the next 12 months and beyond. Hi, my name is Daryl and I've been running a Google Ads agency called BigF Flare for over 12 years now. In that time, I've generated over $150 million in e-commerce revenue for my clients through Google Ads alone. But here's what you may not realize. I also have extensive experience running meta campaigns for e-commerce brands. And what I've learned over my 17 years in this industry is that choosing between Meta and Google isn't about which platform is better. It's about understanding a critical framework that most advertisers completely miss. I call it the demand generation versus demand capture framework. And once you truly understand it, the right choice for your business becomes crystal clear. So, in this video, I'm going to walk you through exactly when to choose Meta and when to choose Google and when you should be running both together. Plus, I'll give you a decision checklist that you can use to figure out the best path forward for your specific situation. Let's dive in. Before we get into the specifics, I need to set some context here. When people ask meta ads or Google Ads, what they're really asking is where should I spend my limited budget right now? And that's a valid question. If you're spending under $10 to $15,000 per month on ads, you might need to pick just one platform to start with. You simply don't have the budget to spread across multiple channels effectively. But here's what I want you to understand. The goal should be to scale to the point where this isn't a choice anymore. At scale, it's not about either or. It's about both. And running both platforms together creates synergistic effects that neither platform can achieve on its own. Let me explain what I mean. When you run Meta and Google together, the total revenue you generate is greater than the sum of running each platform separately. Here's how it works. Meta creates awareness and consideration for your brand. People see your ads, learn about your products, and then maybe click through to your website. But they don't always buy right then and there. Later, when they're ready to purchase, they go to Google and search for your brand or product category. And that's where Google captures the intent that Meta created. The result is more total conversions than either platform could generate alone. And that there is what I call the halo effect. Meta drives branded search volume on Google. Google retargeting captures meta traffic that didn't convert initially. Brand awareness from Meta increases Google conversion rates. It's a beautiful flywheel once you get it spinning. So, while this video will help you understand which platform to prioritize first if you're on a smaller budget, keep in mind that the ultimate goal is to scale to the point where you're running both. Now, let's get into the framework that makes this all make sense. All right, this is the most important concept in this entire video. Once you understand the difference between demand generation and demand capture, everything else falls into place. Let's start with demand generation. Demand generation is about creating desire for products that [music] people don't know they need yet. It's top offunnel advertising. You're targeting people who might be problem aware, but they're not yet solution aware. So, here's an example. Someone is scrolling through Instagram. Their back has been hurting lately. They know they have a problem, but they haven't actively started looking for solutions just yet. Then your ad pops up showing a posture correcting back brace that could solve their issue. Before they saw your ad, they didn't even know that this product category existed. Your ad created the demand. Now, that is demand generation. Right now, let's talk about demand capture. Demand capture is about capturing existing demand. It's bottom offunnel advertising. You're targeting people who are both problem aare and solution aware. They already know what they want and they're actively looking to buy it. Here's an example. Someone goes to Google and types posturecorrecting back brace. They already know they have back pain and they already know that a posture correcting brace is the solution they want. They just need to find the right one to buy. Your ad then shows up at the moment of purchase intent. Now that right there is demand capture. Now, here's the key insight. Meta equals demand generation. Google equals demand capture. At least primarily. Meta's strength is reaching people who aren't necessarily actively shopping yet. And Google strength is capturing people who are ready to buy right now. And here's why this matters for your platform decision. If sufficient volume already exists for your product, demand capture often performs better. Why? Well, because these people are closer to the purchase decision. They have higher conversion rates. They're lower in the funnel, which means they are a warmer audience. Now, if no search volume exists because your product is too new or too novel, then demand generation is your only option. You have to create the demand before you can capture it. Now, keep this framework in mind as we go through the specific scenarios for each platform. All right, so let's get specific. Here's when Meta should be your primary platform. The first scenario is when you have a novel or new product without existing search volume. Now, these are products that solve [music] problems people have, but they don't know the solution exists yet. Think new innovative gadgets, unique solutions to common problems and products that need to be explained. If people don't know your product category exists, they can't search for it on Google. You need to put your product in front of them and show them why they need it. Now that's meta's wheelhouse. The second scenario is when your audience is problem aare but not solution aware. Let's go back to our back pain example. Someone knows their back hurts, but they haven't started searching for posture correcting back brace, at least not yet, because they don't know that that's actually a thing. Meta can deduce from their behavior that they likely have back problems. Maybe they follow fitness pages or they've engaged with content about sitting at a desk all day or they've shown an interest in ergonomic [music] products. Facebook's algorithm can piece together these signals and put your solution in front of people who experience that problem. You're reaching them before they even started searching. [music] And that's incredibly powerful. The third scenario is when you have strong creative production capabilities. This one's really important and a lot of people overlook it. Meta is a creative-driven platform. You need highquality images and or videos. You need to refresh your creative regularly because creative fatigue is real. And you need multiple variations for testing. If you have the resources to invest in photography, videography, highquality stock assets, or in getting lots of influencers in UGC, then Meta becomes much more viable. If you don't have those resources, well, Meta will be an uphill battle. Now, let's talk about Meta's core strengths. First, the audience data and targeting algorithm. Facebook has an incredible amount of data about its users. It knows what problems people have based on their interactions, their page likes, their interests, their demographics, what they talk about. The algorithm can place your solution in front of people who are experiencing the problem you solve, even if they're not actively searching for a solution. Sometimes even the algorithm might know they have a particular problem before they even do. So you get your ads in front of potential customers who aren't searching yet. Second, the ad format advantages. Meta's ads take up most of the mobile screen. They're integrated into the feeds, so they [music] feel native. You've also got full screen stories and reels formats. And these ads are impossible to ignore. Unlike display banner ads where users have developed banner blindness, meta ads actually capture attention. Scroll stopping creative can generate massive results. So to summarize, meta ads are best for businesses with unique or novel products, highly visual products that photograph well, products that solve problems people don't know can be solved, strong creative production capabilities, and products with impulse purchase potential. Now, let's flip to the other side. Here's when Google should be your primary platform. The first scenario is when existing search volume already exists for your solution or product. People are actively searching for your product category. Think of running shoes or office chairs or protein powder and yoga mats. These are established product categories that people know about and already search for. You can verify this using Google keyword planner. Just type in your product category and see what kind of search volume exists. If you're seeing tens or hundreds of thousands of monthly searches, then that's a great volume of demand to capture. [music] The second scenario is when you want precise control over your targeting. With keyword targeting, you decide exactly what searches trigger your ad. You're targeting people searching for exact solutions. The users themselves are telling you what they want to buy right now. So you're not relying on an algorithm to interpret who might be interested. This gives you less reliance on algorithmic interpretation and more direct control over who sees your ads. You capture high intent buyers who are actively looking to purchase [music] right now. The third scenario is when you have limited creative production resources. Now this is a big one. Google has a much lower barrier to entry when it comes to creative. For search campaigns, you just need text, which you can write yourself. 15 headlines, four descriptions, and you're good to go. Now, for shopping ads, you just need your product feed. No custom creative production required. The product images from your website are all you need. This makes Google much faster to launch and test than meta. You can be up and running in a day without any creative production. Google is best for businesses with [music] products that have established search demand, commoditized or well-known product categories, limited creative production resources, products with higher consideration that are not impulse buys, and B2B products or services with specific search terms. Now, let's talk about Google's core advantage, intentbased targeting. When someone searches on Google, they're raising their hand and saying, "I want this." They're not just idally scrolling and browsing. They have purchase intent. This leads to much higher conversion rates than cold traffic from meta. The time from click to purchase is also shorter. Lower funnel means warmer audiences means better return on ad spend. All right, so let's talk about what you should actually expect from each platform in terms of performance. [music] This is where a lot of people get confused. First, let's talk about rorowass. Return on ad spend is typically much higher on Google than on meta. Now, here's what I typically see. Meta rorowass 200 to 400% is typical for well optimized accounts. Google rorowass 300 to 600% or even higher is achievable for welloptimized accounts. But why the difference? Well, because bottom ofunnel traffic, which is what Google captures, converts better than top ofunnel traffic from meta. And that's because the people clicking your Google ads are much closer to buying. So now let's talk about volume. Now here's where Meta has a massive advantage. Meta typically drives four to five times more spend capacity than Google when fully built out. I see this with clients all the time. They might be spending a $100,000 per month on Meta, but only 20 to $25,000 per month on Google. Why? Because search volume is limited by existing demand. You can only capture what people are already searching for. Meta's audience is nearly limitless by comparison. You're not constrained by search volume with Meta. You can keep scaling as long as your creative is working. So, here's what each platform does best. Meta equals volume and revenue growth. It's a larger addressable audience and it's top of funnel which allows massive scale and it's great for aggressive revenue growth targets. Google on the other hand equals maximum rorowass and efficiency. It's a smaller audience but higher intent. It's bottom of funnel which means better conversion rates and it's great for profitable scaling. Now let me show you a real client example that illustrates this perfectly. Now these numbers are from a real e-commerce client spending $125,000 per month combined across both platforms. So they have a 50% gross profit margin on their products. And here's their meta performance. $100,000 per month in spend and they get a $250% return on ad spend on that. So that generates $250,000 in revenue. Now with a 50% gross margin, that's $125,000 in gross profit. Now, after subtracting the $100,000 in ad spend, they're left with $25,000 in profit after ad spend from Meta. Now, here's their Google performance. $25,000 per month in spent, 500% [music] return on ad spend. So that generates in revenue. And with a 50% gross margin, that's $62,500 in gross profit. After subtracting the $25,000 in spend, they're left with $37,500 in profit after ad spend from Google. Now, here's the interesting insight. Meta drives 67% of their total revenue, 250,000 versus 125,000. But Google generates 60% more profit after ad spend, 37,500 versus 25,000. Meta is the bigger revenue channel, but Google is the higher profit channel. This is exactly why you need both platforms working together. Meta for scale and growth, Google for profitability and efficiency. Google's profit would actually be lower if we weren't generating demand and search volumes using meta ads. And meanwhile, if we only did meta ads, we'd have a much lower total profit and efficiency level. Neither platform is better. They serve different purposes. And combined, they maximize total revenue and total profit. Now, if you're watching this and thinking, am I truly maxing out my Google Ads or I know my Google Ads campaigns could be better, but I don't know how to improve them. Well, if you're thinking that, I have something that can help. I'm offering a personal video audit where I will review your Google Ads account and record a detailed 15 to 20 minute video walking you through exactly what I see and what I think you should prioritize to do next. You'll get specific actionable recommendations on things like account structure, bid strategies, and quick wins that you can implement immediately to boost performance. Now, I've spent 17 years in this industry, and at my Google Ads agency, we've generated over $150 million in e-commerce revenue for our clients. So, I think I can spot issues pretty quickly. Recent clients who implemented my audit recommendations saw results like an $83,000 increase in monthly revenue and a $133% revenue boost and a 19% increase in conversions. The audit is $250 delivered within five business days and there's no upsell, just straight talk from someone who's been doing this for almost two [music] decades. Now, I only offer five video audits per month. So, if you're interested, click the link in the description to secure your spot. All right, let's continue. If your budget allows $30,000 per month or more in total ad spend, I strongly recommend prioritizing running both platforms together. This is where you get the best of both worlds. volume from Meta and high rorowass from Google. Maximum total revenue and profit. Let me explain how they work together synergistically. Meta creates awareness and consideration. Potential customers see your brand and learn about your product, but they don't always buy immediately because it's very cold traffic. So maybe they're not ready right now. Maybe they want to think about it or maybe they just got distracted and did [music] something else. Later when they are ready to buy, they often go to Google and there they search for your brand name or your product category and Google captures the intent that you created via Meta and the result more total conversions than either platform could generate alone and that's also what I call the halo effect. Meta drives branded search volume on Google and the more people who see your meta ads, the more they search for your brand name later. Google retargeting can capture the meta traffic that didn't Meta actually increases Google conversion rates. People who have seen your brand before are more likely to click and buy when they see you on Google. [music] Next, now let's talk about strategic allocation. If you have established search volume, start with Google first. It's easier, faster to see ROI, and gives you a foundation of profitable sales. Once Google is profitable, add meta to scale beyond the limits of search volume. Alternatively, if no search volume exists, start with meta. Create the demand first, [music] then add Google once you've scaled out some volume on meta and there's now more demand to capture. [music] Here's a budget allocation example for someone spending $50,000 per month. Option A is for an established brand or product category with strong search volume. 60% Google, 40% [music] Meta. Nice and simple. Option B is for a new product with not much search volume yet. then you might go 70% Meta, 30% Google. Now, adjust this based on what's working and on your business goals. The key is don't leave money on the table by only running one platform if you can afford to do both. Now, let's make this practical. Here's a decision checklist that you can use if you're on a small to medium budget. Let's say you're under $15,000 per month. Let's start with Google Ads first. Choose Google Ads if you can check these boxes. search volume exists for your product category. Now, you can verify this in Google keyword planner. You sell established or known products, [music] products that people already know how to search for. You have limited creative production resources. You don't have the team or budget for regular video and image production. You need a faster path to profitability, so maybe you need to see returns quickly before reinvesting elsewhere. The products have higher average order value. Higher AOV products often perform a bit better on Google's intentbased platform. Now, if you're checking most of those boxes, Google Ads is likely your best starting point. All right, now let's look at meta. Choose meta ads if you can check the following boxes. Little to no search volume exists for your [music] product. People aren't searching for what you sell just yet. You have novel or unique products that need explanation. Products that people won't understand from a simple search result. You have strong creative production capabilities. You can produce high quality images and videos regularly or you have access to an army of influencers who can get [music] you lots of UGC. You sell impulse purchase products. People buy on a whim when they see them. You have highly visual products, products that look great in photos and videos. You're willing to test and iterate on creative regularly. You understand that creative needs constant refreshing, and you're [music] ready for that. If you're checking most of those boxes, meta ads is likely your best starting point. And finally, here's the third option. Choose both platforms if you can check these boxes. Your budget allows $30,000 per month or more. You want to maximize total revenue and profit. [music] You're ready to scale aggressively. And you have resources to manage both platforms, whether that's yourself, your team, or an agency. If you're checking these boxes, you're ready to run both platforms and capture the synergistic effects we talked about earlier. Now that you've got the framework for choosing between Meta and Google, if you've decided that Google Ads is the right platform for your [music] business, I've got the perfect next video for you. It's my complete guide to running e-commerce Google Ads on a small budget, where I walk you through exactly how to build out your campaigns for maximum rorowass and performance in the minimum amount of time. I'll show you the exact campaign structure, bidding strategies, and optimization tactics that have generated literally millions of dollars in revenue for my clients. So, check out that video right up here. And good luck with scaling your campaigns, guys, whether you're on Meta or Google or both. Thanks for watching.

  Top Comments:
  1. @DarylManderbigflare: 🤝 Get My Agency To Run Your Google Ads For You: https://www.bigflare.com/get-a-free-ppc-strategy-session
————————————
🔍 Get A $250 Video Audit Of Your Google Ads: https://www.bigflare.com/google-ads-personal-video-audit
————————————
  2. @diwakar6986: total valuable
  3. @MD.ARIFULISLAM-x3l: Solid video. SEO supports growth.
  4. @GuaranteedPPC: Very rarely will both of these not work for an ecommerce brand.  The only real argument for not doing both is you haven't been around long enough yet (as it's best to start with only one).  Meta Ads is every bit as profitable as Google Ads is for eCom, people who know how to do Meta ADs will always tell you that.

- Meta vs Google Ads: What Works Best for Ecommerce in 2026?: Kind: captions Language: en Running an e-commerce store and not showing whether you should use meta ads or Google ads. Choosing the wrong one could waste you thousands of dollars or slow down your growth to a crawl. In this video, I'm going to show you when to use each one and how to combine them to grow profitably no matter what stage you're at with your e-commerce store. Let's dive in. Okay, guys. Let's start with a simple breakdown. Meta first. This includes Facebook and Instagram. These platforms run on interruption-based marketing. People aren't searching for your product, they're scrolling. So your job, interrupt the scroll in a way that feels natural, helpful, or even fun. Now, Google Ads works completely differently. Instead of interrupting a scroll, you're showing your ads right when they're searching for exactly what you're selling. This is what we call intentbased marketing. And when done right, it's one of the most powerful tools that an ecom brand can use. So, when should you use these two platforms? Let's start with Meta. Meta ads are most effective when you want to launch a new product that people haven't seen before. Get your brand in front of people that have never heard of you. Quickly test different hooks, messages, and creatives, or trigger those impulse buys with strong visuals and storytelling. In short, Meta is where you manufacture demand, not fulfill it. And here's something that most beginners don't hear enough. Meta is a creative first platform. If your ad looks like an ad, you've already lost. People scroll right past it. Your CPMs go up, clickthrough rate tanks, and suddenly you think that meta doesn't work when really your ad didn't earn attention. So, what makes a great meta ad? Let's break it down. First, it stops the scroll. That means bold movement, a weird visual, or something that hits emotionally right away. If it doesn't grab attention in the first second, it's gone. Second, it sparks curiosity or connection. The viewer should instantly think, "Wait, is this for me? Is this solving a problem that I've actually had?" That moment of personal relevance is everything. Third, they deliver value fast. Show the transformation. Hit the benefit. Make the viewer feel, okay, this actually works. That's the difference between someone swiping past your ad and someone clicking, buying, and sharing it. Let's say that you're selling a self-cleaning dog brush. You're running a video ad. First shot, someone outside brushing their golden retriever. Fur is flying everywhere, all over their clothes, all over their backyard. And then boom, next clip. A different brush removes the fur with zero mess. The viewer thinks, "That's a real problem that I have." And this brush actually works. Now they want it. That's meta. And we've created demand in 5 seconds. Now Google, this is a whole different story. People go to Google with a purpose. They're actively searching to solve a problem, compare options, or make a purchase. They type things like best sandals for plantar physus, buy dog bed orthopedic XL, waterproof backpack for laptop. If your product fits and your ads show up, you're halfway there to the sale. Now, let's look at the different ways that an ecom store can show up on Google. First, search ads. These are the text ads that show up at the top when someone searches with a keyword. They catch people that are ready to buy. Next, we have shopping ads. They show your product image, price, and store right there in the search results. Third, we have Performance Max. These are smart campaigns that run across Google, YouTube, Gmail, and more. They use automation to try to find the best places to show your ads. So, when is Google Ads a right fit? It's ideal if you're selling something that solves a clear problem or meets a strong desire, if people are already searching for your keywords, or if you found a product to market fit and you want to scale profitably. Here's a pro tip. If people are already googling what you have to sell, don't waste time on trying to build awareness on Meta first. Capture that demand immediately with Google because if you're not there, your competitor is. Now, let's break this down by store stage so you know where to start and how to grow. Meta is where you create demand. It's fast, it's creative, and it's perfect for testing. You can try different hooks, different angles, and different audiences. You can also figure out what actually makes people stop, click, and buy. You're not waiting for people to search. You're putting your product in front of them and making them want it. And here's the part most people miss. The insights that you get from meta, what headlines work, what visuals convert. That's gold. You use that to strengthen your Google ads. Better product titles, better ad copy, better results. Now, once people start searching your brand or your product type on Google, that's when you move in. Google scoops up all that high intent traffic. These are people comparing, deciding, and ready to buy. They're typing stuff like best running shoes or Nike running shoes reviews. And if you're there with a clear offer and strong positioning, they convert. And then there's retargeting across both platforms. On Meta, you bring people back with userenerated content, testimonials, and urgencydriven content. On Google, you can let Performance Max do the heavy lifting. It follows your visitors across search, YouTube, Gmail, and more. You can also set up these campaigns to get more optimization by setting up search campaigns, display campaigns, and YouTube campaigns for your e-commerce store. We actually teach this in the Keycom Academy, our community built just for store owners. Every week, we jump on live calls, help you fix issues with your funnel, help you optimize your campaigns and scale profitably. We also have courses in there and a great community. I'll leave a link down below. Go and check it out. Now, let's get back to how all of this connects. Meta is your creative lab, your demand builder. Google is your intent catcher. Okay, let's say that you're selling orthopedic dog beds. Use Meta to show happy dogs sleeping comfortably or lifestyle videos with pet owners and use Google to capture the searches like best dog bed for older dogs or memory foam dog bed. This combo works incredibly well. Meta brings in new customers. Google captures the ones ready to buy. Guys, here's my final thought. Don't chase the best platform. Focus on getting your product message and marketing system right first. Then grow your ads together on both Meta and Google. That's when things really start to work. If you've stuck between deciding on meta or Google, I really hope this helped and give you a road map that you can follow. If you want to go deeper into the Google Ads side of things, we've got a free Google Shopping course and we've got a free performance max course. I'll leave a link down below. Thanks for watching, guys, and I'll see you in the next video. Bye for now. Make sure to check out our other videos. This one here might be especially useful for you.

  Top Comments:
  1. @siammarketingedge [2 likes]: great discussion i am working with google ads last three years so google ads 100% better than meta
  2. @KeyCommerce [1 likes]: If your store’s already past $20k/month and you’re ready to scale with Google or Meta Ads, book a free strategy call with our team here: 👉https://keycommerce.com/strategy-sess
  3. @JamieMercedesdeMello [1 likes]: thnks for sharing your ideas bro😏:volcano-green-lava-orange::hands-yellow-heart-red:
  4. @KevinWood-u1s: thanks brother
  5. @trackingconsulting: Great explanation of how Meta and Google Ads differ in ecommerce strategy. The key is not just platform choice but data accuracy. With a proper server side tracking setup feeding clean signals into GA4 and ad platforms, you can make smarter budget decisions and scale with confidence.
  6. @EvelynCooper-h3d7t: Enjoyed this a lot, great job!
  7. @Taylorhouseofgifts: Best fkn vid ever 😮😮😮😮😮....now i know what to do
  8. @mikesclarity: way too much free sauce in here
  9. @onlinelabshq: The timing point is huge - too many e-commerce stores burn cash on Meta when people are already searching their product type on Google.
Also start with Shopping campaigns before Performance Max. New stores get burned by PMax without conversion data to train the algorithm.
  10. @REDTVCanada: Fantastic information. Thanks for sharing. Just found your channel for the first time. Now subscribed. Cheers.
  11. @popoolapeterolarewaju908: Are you on Facebook or TikTok?
  12. @popoolapeterolarewaju908: Hello sir
Please can I get a complete video of how to do Product feed for Google merchant.
I need full  video explanation.

- How To Crush Facebook Ads with a Small Budget: Kind: captions Language: en when I first started my Facebook ads agency I ran successful Facebook ad campaigns for clients with tiny budgets literally $100 per month that's about $3 per day and the good news is you absolutely can succeed with Facebook ads with a small budget and in this video I'm going to show you how Okay so let's start by defining what a small Facebook ads budget actually is so I would Define a small Facebook ads budget as anything less than $33,000 per month so about $100 per day or less and a tiny Facebook ads budget is anything less than $600 per month so $20 per day or less now like I've already said you absolutely can succeed with a small Facebook ads budget you can succeed with a tiny Facebook ads budget so that's the good news and actually recommend a lot of businesses start there they start with a small budget because your first Facebook ad campaigns might not perform really well out of the gate they might take a bit of time to work it out that sometimes happens and it's better to start small start with an amount that's not going to put you or your business in any financial difficulties and then once you know your campaigns are profitable you can always scale from there there are however some things I'd recommend you do differently or things you really need to focus on when you're operating with a small Facebook ad budget as opposed to a larger budget and that's what we're going to run through in this video those things that you might need to adjust that you really need to focus on if you want success with a small budget so Point number one is to copy from what works best in your industry already when you have a small budget you don't have a lot of money with which to test you can't go out and test lots of different ad formats and different creative options and different headline options you just you just don't have the money to be able to dedicate to all those different variables to know which works best and which doesn't so the way you massively shortcut that is you take a look at what's already working really well in your industry now you can do that with a free tool called The Meta ads Library you literally Google it pop right up and then you can take a look at any Facebook and Instagram advertisers ads that are currently live and you can see what ads they're running and how long Those ads have been running for so I'd recommend you go and check out a number of competitors find those that are that are running Facebook and Instagram ads take a look at the ads that they're running and then a top tip is to analyze in particular the ones that have been running a long time so if you find an ad that's been live for 3 months or 6 months or longer the chances are that that ad's performing really well otherwise that company would have turned off Those ads so you take a look at those ads that have been live for quite a long time is still currently live you'll be able to see all that information within the meta ads library and then you think okay why are those ads working can we replicate that in our own ads can we create ads with a similar style can we create ads with the same format are they image are they video uh can we use some of the a similar language in our copy you don't want to fully copy Those ads you want to model from them and create your own versions but that can massively shortcut your path to success because you can basically benefit from all the testing that someone else has done potentially with a much larger budget and bring that into your ads and have a much higher percentage of your ads working which is what you need to do with a small budget because like I said you don't have the budget to go out and do a lot of testing and to make this even easier for you HubSpot who I'm partnering with on this video have created a fantastic fantastic free resource that contains 50 High performing Facebook ads there is a link in the video description below where you can download these Facebook ad examples and find great options to model from they've included ads from Nike Hulu VMO and so much more my favorite part is that it's sorted by industry to make it really easy to find what you're looking for I'd strongly recommend you check it out and use it to level up your Facebook ad creative check the link in the description below and thanks to HubSpot for sponsoring today's video Point number two is to reduce the number of variables so firstly I'd recommend that you focus on one off only just try and sell the one product or service I'd recommend that you start by trying to sell what is sold best previously if you don't have data on that you're a brand new business then go with whichever option you think will sell best or at least the option that has the best margins because obviously the better margins the more profitable your Facebook ads are going to be if you do manage to sell um that product or service and that really helps reduce the number of variables and doesn't spread your budget your small budget across too many campaigns too many ad sets too many ads because if you do that you're not going to get enough data enough conversions on any one of those campaigns adssets etc for a you to know whether or not they're performing well and be for meta to be able to optimize properly so really really important to reduce the number of variables and then when you're just advertising that one offer make sure that you don't overload meta with too many variables within that one campaign so not too many adets not too many ads really reduce right down obviously once it's working and then you're looking to scale you can expand you can sell other products sell other services and things like that but do that once you're able to start increasing your budget because your One Core offer your most profitable or your bestselling thing is performing really well number three is to trust matter what do I mean by that it means using Advantage Plus shopping campaigns or using Advantage Plus audience when using manual campaigns giving meta some suggestions around targeting But ultimately allowing mattera to do what it thinks is best in terms of finding the Right audience and and doing all the things that it wants to do from an optimization standpoint when you have a small budget you can't afford to be cute or ever or try and think around the system or risk part of that budget on unusual or out there things something we might do with larger budgets we think this has a low probability of working but if it does work it might work really really well so it's worth dedicating a small po portion of our budget and giving this a go that doesn't work with small budgets you don't have the budget with which to play so just go with the recommendations the guidelines remember meta wants you to get the best ad results possible because they know if you do that you're going to spend more stick around for longer Etc so go with their recommendations for the most part use their systems and try and get all of that on your side now Point number four is that you should be willing to spend more on conversions now a lot of new Facebook advertisers particularly those operating with small budgets they have unrealistic expectations of how profitable and how successful their ad campaign should be so I've spoken to a lot of Facebook advertisers relatively new usually operating with small budgets and I'll ask them what's your target return on adspend like what do you want to hit from a return on adspend number that would make your campaigns work and you'd be happy with that and then they'll often say a 10x so for every dollar they spend on Facebook ads they want $10 worth of sales leads Etc um back that's pretty unrealistic particularly for a relatively new Facebook ad account without a lot of conversion data operating um with a small budget so I think you should be willing to be much more aggressive with what you're happy to spend to get a new customer I would personally recommend being quite aggressive and going all the way up to your break even number that might be a 2 XRS that might be a 2.5 XRS 3x rows obviously a lot lot less than what people typically say when they're operating with small budgets and their beginners and that's a 10x rows now what that allow you to do yes you won't make as much money from each new customer acquired but what that allow you to do is scale and when you're apprting with a small budget it's really important to remember that the results you get aren't forever the point of the campaigns and the ads that you're running right now is to get them successful get them to at least break even and allow you to scale when you do that your campaign are going to generate more conversion data you'll have more budget to then play with meta will be able to optimize your campaigns better you will likely see an improvement in results um you also start building a larger customer base you start building a bigger brand because the more people interact with your business uh the more brand awareness there is the more likely there are to be referrals the more likely to be Word of Mouth the more um repeat business you get because you've got a larger customer base now perhaps you don't want to be quite as aggressive as going all the way to break even um in terms of your your sort of cost per purchase or your cost per lead but would you not be happy with a 4X Rass I think you should be with a small budget I think that's a pretty good outcome and if you can achieve that you can then scale um and like I said you get all those benefits that I've just discussed so in general be braver with your ad spend see a lower Rass number than something like a 10x Ras as a success because what we're doing right now with a small budget is not trying to make a lot of profit is to get us ready to be able to scale and produce better results and build a better more profitable business so Point number four five is no brand awareness I've heard a lot of small business owners over the years say things like oh it's good to spend a bit of money on ads just sort of get your business out there what does that even mean that's so wishy-washy isn't it get your business out there that that's that's nothing tangible that's nothing concrete you're not really measuring any sort of return on investment from that it's just a a throwaway sentence but it absolutely dictates some advertisers Behavior they spend a bit of money on an awareness campaign to sort of get their business out there as a small business with a small budget if you run an awareness campaign and you're aiming for brand awareness that's a really good way to just see no results from your marketing efforts just literally get no return no customers no leads ex I've seen it happen so many times it's what a lot of new advertisers do particularly those operating with a small budget when you're using a small budget you have to go for what you really want which is either going to be leads or sales depending on your business you need to set your campaign up for that you need to um craft your ad copy for that you need to produce creative that is designed to get you that you don't have the budget to mess around with other things brand awareness campaigns are for larger companies typically those that already have an element of brand awareness and they're looking to multiply that to refresh it to keep it going as opposed to build it um from scratch now one exception to that is my omnipresent content strategy which actually does use the awareness campaign objective it can be very effective with small budgets because you're using it with a small targeted audience only works for certain types of business I'll include a link in the video description in case you want to go ahead and check that out for further information so that is an exception but for the vast majority of businesses operating with small budgets they should be going directly for leads directly for sales and not trying to run awareness campaigns guess how much I've spent on Facebook ads in Total 1 million 10 million no the real number is at least $50 million and I'm giving away everything I've learned from spending those $50 million on Facebook ads in one crazy bundle where you'll get 100 plus step-by-step training videos access to an exclusive School Community with more than 700 business owners just like you live calls and live trainings with me and my team first no updates on changes to algorithms and what's working right now plus so much more all for the tiny price of just £97 per month and this bundle is filled with the exact strategies that we use to generate insane results like this and like this and like this so if you want to stop messing around with your Facebook ads and actually have them change your business and your life click the link and I'll see you on the inside okay Point number six is to not mess with your Facebook ad campaigns too frequently now one of the most important parts of Facebook advertising and understanding how it works is the learning phase when you create a new campaign you set it live the ad set will go into the learning phase and that's where meta is running all sorts of experiments to try and get you the best results possible so they're working out who within the target audience should they put the ads in front of uh what time of day should they put ads in front of people how many Impressions do people need on average in order to take the action that you want to take so all these various experiments now during the learning phase your results are quite volatile because all these tests are being run now the learning phase can last varying amounts of times it depends on conversion volume but let's say for example on average it's 48 Hours within your ad account if you are going back into your campaigns and making adjustments and tweaks and things like that every time you do that it resets the learning phase so you restart you go through that process again which means that a lot of I've seen this happen so many different ad accounts a lot of Facebook advertisers are making changes at least once every 48 hours to the point where their campaigns can never properly optimize can never properly get out of the learning phase and they miss out on the better results and the full optimization that they could have had um because they just can't help themselves but tinker and make these changes and when you're operating with a small budget it's more difficult for your campaigns to get out of the learning phase anyway because what meta really needs to learn to optimize is conversions and I often get the questions one of the most common questions I get asked is once I create a new Facebook ad and set it live how long should I leave leave that before knowing it it whether it works or not and there is no set time and the reason why is because it depends on conversion volume so let's say for example you're running a campaign in ad account that gets 2,000 purchases a day like we have clients that operate with that sort of volume well we can set an ad live and we will know whether or not it's working within a couple of hours it'd be really that quick because you get so many conversions right whereas if you're running a campaign in an ad account that gets five conversions a week it might take you a month to know whether whether or not a new ad is performing well in comparison to say previous benchmarks so it's absolutely based on conversion volume not time when you have a smaller budget you normally generate less conversions than if you have a larger budget and therefore it takes longer to get through the learning phase therefore it's really important for you to just leave things alone let meta do it thing also make sure that you give your ads your campaigns longer to assess whether or not they are actually working because of what I just described it might take a couple of weeks for you to know if this ad is actually producing results the the less you spend the conversions you get the more you need to expand your time frames to assess things okay so Point number seven is to Niche down now when you're operating with a smaller budget instead of trying to advertise to your total target market it's better to to pick a specific section of that market and advertise to them instead otherwise your ads are just going to get lost in the other ads that are sort of generically targeting the whole Market whereas if you pick a small section of your Market you can then tailor your messaging to really speak to those people which makes it much more likely that they will engage much more likely that they will then convert it's actually one of the advantages that smaller businesses with smaller budgets have is they can go more Niche they can be more specific whereas the larger businesses they need uh the larger volume of customers the larger volume of leads they have to stay more broad typically so really lean into that and and take advantage so I'll give you an example so my agency my meta ads agency now we can we're big enough to go broad like we work with all different types of business when it comes to running their Facebook and Instagram ads but if I was to start all over I would pick a very specific Niche to start with for example we could position ourselves as a meta ads agency that specializes in software businesses SAS businesses right we could say this is the only types of business we run ads for we're really specialist at this we're really good at this and then tailor all our marketing and and the messaging for those people specifically so that when those people the people that own SAS businesses or you know marketing managers for SAS businesses they see our advertising they see our marketing and think these guys are perfect for us because they spend specializ in specifically what we do so when you're operating with a smaller budget do that go for a specific subsection of your market and then as you scale and as you grow you can add in other subsections and then eventually uh be large enough to sort of go broad across your your potential total Market but at the beginning that's a real competitive Advantage you can have over some of the big boys is like yeah you know their brand you don't know us but look we specialize in you that's why you should click on our ad that's why you should buy our product that's why you should use our service Point number eight is to jump on new new features and strategies so larger companies with bigger budgets they normally take longer to do things there's lots of decision makers it can be really quite slow trust me as an agency that works we work with all different types of businesses but some of them are very large businesses it can be quite frustrating the speed with which they operate at when you're a smaller business operating with a smaller budget that's another competitive Advantage you can jump on new features you can jump on new strategies and take advantage of stuff that's going to take the bigger players 6 months maybe longer to actually get round to using themselves and with that in mind I'd recommend you check out this video in it I share a new Facebook ad strategy that is brilliant for maximizing leads and sales and if that's what you want which most Facebook advertisers do go ahead and check it out

  Top Comments:
  1. @BenHeath [10 likes]: Get personal Meta Ads feedback from me (live) for less than $60 per session:
👉 https://www.skool.com/benheath/about
Let my agency run your Meta ads for you:
👉 https://heathmedia.co.uk/done-for-you/
  2. @Ashton_marketing [1 likes]: I'm receiving 4-8 purchases per month by spending $20/day on sales campaign😭 product costs are $100 roughly. please make videos on running campaigns with small budget
  3. @mattmaycroft: I didn't know what I was doing. And I blew $500 in a day.
  4. @amyl7072: You talk too fast. Can't keep up with you
  5. @MrDiyar2660: Should we post 20+ ads per ad set with a low budget to let meta choose the ones most suitable for the customer. Or should we post 2-3 ads? In one of your videos, you recommend to post 20+
  6. @adaoraeje: This video just answered a question i had 2 hours ago. The question was: what's a successful ad for a relatively new meta advertizer.
Thank you for sharing.
I was in the 10x ROAS goal "boat", and have been kicking myself for getting 5x these past few months. Now I'll be more gracious to myself/my business.

Again, thank you.
  7. @sambaldwin4898: Would you recommend retargetting being your first meta ads campaign?
  8. @arbenr8897: Can you create a new similar video, Ben? :) please
  9. @ImOnPoint: This feels like a Facebook ad. The tips are not super groundbreaking.
  10. @rosiefoster713: Hi does this still apply on 2026?  if i follow your tutorial or has it changed?
  11. @rossscobievideographer53: Just on this, I recently stopped my campaigns during the day and only played evevnings before I started leads and followers
  12. @TheSerpentOfSiena: Do you still offer a service where you run the ad campaign for others?
  13. @propmakermaker: small shop how the fuck has 600 dollars to spend on ads
  14. @RenzoRiccetti: I'm doing COD e commerce and I'm at a low spend (20-30€/day). I can afford to spend more (100€/day) but I don't because COD is peculiar and if a campaign gets your 30 purchases in one day, 6 of those 30 will contact you saying they don't actually want it. Of those 24 left, only 16 will be a succesful delivery on the first try and of those 8 left,  you will only deliver 4 and the other 4 you'll have to ship them back (which costs money) so stuff like this prevents me from scaling a "good performing" campaign because it gives me liquidity issues since I get the money from the paid orders about 2-3 days later (maybe even 4 if its the weekend). Do you have any advice on what to do? Because I'll get pretty good results at 30€/day (about 6-7 orders) and I decide not to touch it until I recuperate cash flow and the next day it'll do 2 orders at 30€/day. Thank you and great  video btw!
  15. @RachelDacusAuthor: Real talk for small business advertisers! Thanks, Ben. This is a valuable video, and I'm recommending it to my fellow indie authors.
  16. @StephencreatefunContent: What happens when you have a new customer who demands you create an ad with the goal to go to their website, but their website sucks and they have no social media presence either. Is it still worth it to advertise  on Facebook when you really have nothing to start with?
  17. @VRDNS0707: Quick question @Ben Heath. I am running a brand new ad account for E-com, Should i warm up pixel by using conversion event to be View Content or I can set it directly to be Purchases ?
  18. @saviland-savilandofficialn3735: when ABO, budget lower than $5 show "To avoid zero results, the budget must be set to at least $5.00". CBO budget when lower than running adset number* $5, the same. Is it update or bug?
  19. @dabcreatives: Hey Ben, our coach is telling us to run 4 ad sets, 3 ads each w/ a $50-per-day campaign budget running 12 hours. That's like 15 clicks per ad. Shouldn't we just stick to say, 1 ad set + 3 ads?
  20. @LucasMetherall-t4t5u: Thank god you're British. Not to be racist, but I can't handle super American-accented people telling me how to do... anything, really.

- How I Scale to $10K/day With Dropshipping & Facebook Ads (case study): Kind: captions Language: en In this video, I'm going to teach you how I scale drop shipping stores from zero to 10K a day on autopilot. And after watching this free course, you should be 100% confident in making money with your own drop shipping store. This is going to be an advanced video, but if there is one guide you're going to look back on that absolutely changed your life, it's going to be this one. Just like I'm trying to do with this store right here, which is currently running at like 5 €6,000 a day, which is a bit more in USD. If we break this store down from launch, which I don't even remember when it is, but let's say the past like 2 months uh alone, we can see that the store was started at 15th of May, scaled it all the way up to a peak of €8.2,000 a day. It collapsed a little bit, still sitting at 5% conversion rate, which is super high, and I'm currently in the process of scaling this thing to the moon. Here's another store where the exact same thing was done. Uh it was struggling at $150 to $250 a day. I scale it all the way from here up to €3.5,000 at its best day ever. And if you break it down from I mean we can even say the last 12 months as this is a longtime brand. You can see that this thing was super dead and this is probably how your store is looking too. After you implement what I'm teaching in this video, it's going to be flying straight up like this and you're finally going to be able to make money with your store. So, welcome to the full guide of scaling to 10K a day with drop shipping. This course is a full mastery on scaling your drop shipping store which is going to include Facebook ad mastery, creative optimizations, how to make ads so good people just have to pay you and we're also going to talk about suppliers and automation. My goal with this course is simple to show the entire operation all the secrets and overd deliver so that you feel 100% confident in doing this yourself. No payw wall just the actual info for free. But not only that, I also want to show you what it's like running an e-commerce business on this level. So, here we are inside of my own Facebook ads manager for the exact store I just showed you that was doing up to 8,000 a day. And you will be surprised how stupidly simple this is. So, if we look at this campaign right here, let's actually go ahead and break down our columns as well by rorowass so you can see also if the campaign is even profitable. You can see that for every dollar we spend, this is what rorowes means, we get 2.44 back. It's definitely profitable. The campaign is spending 325 a day. It has made 166 purchases. Now, here is what is laughable crazy. This entire campaign has nothing inside of it. It is all completely broad. If you look inside of the adset, there is no targeting besides the countries. But we do have one thing that makes this campaign stand out so much, and that's the fact that we have a ton of videos inside of it. So, the way this store was scale was actually quite simple. It all started with basic testing campaigns with everything broad just to find the winning creative. Okay. So what we have done is we have loaded up so many different creatives that we are testing every single day. And it was only when I could find my winning creative that things actually blew up for me. So I started running a lot of campaigns like the one you see right here. Uh inside of here you see that we have different creatives. And what we can see if we look at that is that some give us profit and others give us loss. So when you start your first campaign on Facebook, you're actually just going to go completely broad. That is how I did for this exact one. And then you are just going to publish it like this. You're going to put as many videos as possible under your adset. So that could for example be 10. Okay? And then what you are going to do throughout the next week is you are going to start cutting the ads that don't perform. So in this case, for example, this video ad has a €63 cost per purchase. That is definitely not making me profitable at all. If we look at the ROAS, it's 1.22. It is round break even. I think a little bit under. It's spent 63, only gotten one sale. That is not a good creative. Uh what you can see here is that we are basically just looking for that one winning creative. And anything that isn't performing like for example this one, this one, this one, cuz we have spent a lot here. If the creatives is not making sales, I am just cutting it. So what I end up doing is running a campaign with only my best videos. So you can see, let's say these that I had checked here are the only ones making sales. I'm going to duplicate them over into a new campaign. Okay? So let's just call it new. And this will be my killer campaign. I have now tested so many creatives in new campaigns until I found a winning one. And then all I do is I duplicate it over into a brand new campaign. I leave everything broad and it absolutely starts printing. I will start a campaign at as little as $50 a day. Then I'm going to be working my way up to 60, 80, 100, 120, and so goes on increasing it a little bit every day until I hit a plateau. Okay, so here is how I do scale. Once I hit a plateau, as soon as I have a winning abset, I'm actually just going to go ahead and clone it. Because if this one is sitting on 166 purchases with a 2.4 in rorowass, there is a high chance that if I just make a copy of it, we leave everything the exact same. Then why isn't that going to work if our other worked, right? So every adset that does good, I'm just duplicating and we're stacking more and more of these. And then inside of the new adset, we can also add some new videos. We can delete some of the old ones. But what Facebook is about now is really horizontal scaling. It's very simple. Any creatives that don't perform, just go here, click the button, and turn them off, and then leave the ones that perform running, and Facebook is going to give the money towards them. Other than that, the way we scale up this rapidly is usually just by budget increase. Because if you have an adset that is profitable, like let's say this one at 2.44, why not run it at $1,000? That's going to make us 2.4 back. Why not run it at $5,000? That's going to make us like 15 or 12 back or something. And even on your lower budget, if you are making $50, well, it's profit. Go ahead and increase the budget on it. Not all system around this store is brutal. Just look at all of these creatives. We got 100 here. As you can see here, we are testing a lot of creatives and many of these are actually quite similar. And that's what it takes to succeed on Facebook. Like all of these are probably going to end up going up today. The way I prevent my ads from dying and making my store long-term and consistent is by putting in loads of more creatives every single week. Today, I will probably test 5 to 10 new creatives. And by doing this, my store has super consistent days. If you look at this store for example here, we had an issue with the ad account like it was not able to add more money to it. So this is actually not a real drop. That was just us miscalculating. If you look at the store, it's super even. It's only really going up. It doesn't have any rapid drops. And the reason for that is because I'm pumping out creatives. If I was relying on only one creative like you are probably doing most of the time or you have two or three that's doing all the job, you are one bad day away from your entire business collapsing. So every day we are creating new campaigns where we are testing new videos and then we take the videos that do good. We duplicate our winning asset and we mix it all together. We tie them all together. So you can take winning videos from this campaign and put them into another one. Now in case you're feeling information overload, just stick with me here, okay? I understand that this is quite advanced stuff, but I promise you, you're going to learn something that's going to help you so much in the future. And even if you don't understand everything I'm telling you, it goes straight into the subconscious and you're going to use this to make your first 10K a day. Now, here are some simple and actionable rules for cutting campaigns and adsets. The checklist, let's call it. If you have an answer with below a 2% click rate, cut. If you have a CPC above 1.5, cut no serious progress the last 3 days, meaning no actual sales, it's not really going anywhere, it's just froze or fell off, cut that No sales after $20 spent. Unless your product is super high ticket. If you got to spend $20 to acquire a sale, it ain't worth it. Below break even rorowass. Cut that as well. We are trying to be profitable. Anything that's losing us money, we're not going to spend our time on. That's how drop shipping stores end up making a million dollars but zero in profit, it's because they don't cut their losses. Do not emotionally hold on to adsets or campaigns. If your product and ads don't naturally work, stop it. Take a step back and reoptimize. Maybe there's an issue with your creatives. Maybe they are dying out and you need to try something new, some new hooks, some new people. Maybe there's an issue with your offer. Maybe you need to reoptimize your website. So, if you look inside of our adset, we can usually see that if the clickure is low, it's also losing us a lot of money. This one has a $19 cost per purchase, it has double the clickure of this one, but yet this one is three times more expensive. We spent €66 to get one purchase. Okay? And that's just because our clickure is super high. Because here's what happens, man. When your clickthrough is very low, in many cases, your cost per click goes through the roof. These two metrics are usually tied together. So once again, here you can see that our click is so low that our cost per click is so high. We can't pay €1.84 to get a sale. That is not worth it. So this adset obviously has to be cut. It is losing us loads of money. And if we look at the rorowass, it's sitting at 1.10. It will potentially in the future be the same with this one as well. Super low clickure. And if this store wanted to double their sales, we would all start with the clickthrough rate. Listen, if this clickthrough rate was 4% instead of two, the cost per purchase would be $9. The sales would be double. The profit would be double. Your profit is usually tied to your clickthrough because the higher your clickthrough, the more visitors you get. So, the logical thing to do on this store is, as is already being done, testing a lot of creatives. Because there's a reason to why stores like this that are printing 28k in a day, 23k in a day just falls down like this all the way down to 1.8k in a day. That's insane. And it always comes down to your creatives dying out. And that's why I just can't stress it enough that we have to test a ton of them. Another thing that's important when you are growing your store is to have proper tracking. Like on this campaign for example, you can see that the revenue was $29,000. But that's actually not the truth. And by using the tracking software Hyros, I recovered $12,000. That is actually more than 30% of sales that Facebook don't miss. So going back to this account, if it wasn't set up with Hyros, there is a chance that our sale wouldn't track. So let's say that we have two sales in this one, right? The sale doesn't track or cost per purchase is now 40 because it only track one sale and we will be scaling with inaccurate data. For this, we use Hyros, which is a tracking software that integrates with your store without you having to make any changes to your business. And the whole point of the software is to get correct tracking. There is no way in 2025 that you're going to scale to the moon without having good trackings for your store. You're going to be having inaccurate data. And when you look at the stores like this, if we want to push this to 200K a month or anything remotely close to that, we're going to have to have the right data. So, the first thing I do is broad campaigns with loads of creatives testing every single day. The second thing I do is to get hyros on top of it to make sure that everything is tracked. Now, if any of you are looking to scale or just running Facebook ads in general, you have to get highros. In my opinion, your success rate 30% more likely because it tracks the sales that you're missing, which believe it or not is around 30%. So, I will link Hyros in the description as one of the tools that I use. Make sure that you get it. Another thing we did to scale up to 8K a day was to test different offers. And had we not done that and cracked the right one, this success would have never happened. It's important that whenever you test a product, always take a step back and check your conversion rate. If it's under 3.4%, something can be improved. In 80% of cases, lies in your offer. Is there even a reason for your customer to buy? Are you winning a fuel in your pockets or is he actually getting a good deal? So, we tested the following things. Buy 1 get one free. Zero demand for this didn't really make sense for the product because the one we did go for actually worked. Bundles, it was stable. We used this all the way from 3 to 5k a day, but it really wasn't anything crazy. We also tried a small PDF guide to help boost energy, but there was no interest around that. And we did all of this until we encountered a much more simple offer. Buy one upfront for a normal price, but subscribe to get a cheap every single month refill. So, let's say the product cost $40 upfront for your customer and the supplier gives it to me for 12. That would be $28 profit for a sale. But when you try out offer, you see that it doesn't work. So instead, I made it a no-brainer where they buy it as a subscription for $19 a month. And since the product cost me $12, I'm now profiting $9 a month from every single customer, assuming they don't cancel. And if you do a great subscription that is actually valuable, the customer is not going to cancel. I'm now making $40 upfront for the product and $7 a month profit from each one of them. Now, I'm not really doing this to fuel my pocket because it's only $7. But if you have 10,000 customers a month, that's actually 70,000. I'm doing this because it makes the offer a no-brainer. You pay $40, let's say, to join and get the product your first time, but then after that, you're only paying $19 a month to get free refills. That is an absolute steal of a deal. Now, this is actually a part of my course, which I'm working on right now. It's going to be released very soon. It's not actually a course. It's a full training program designed to be the best in the industry. Uh, if you want to learn this from me, who is actively doing this, I'm going to drop a weight list as the first link in description. Make sure you head there and sign up because I'm going to give the best deal that I can possibly do to the people who are early and this is going to be just insane. Like I know this program is just going to change so many lives. Until then, I also do one-on-one mentorship. So, if you want to learn from me personally, send me a message on Instagram right here. But anyways, the way that I found my own offers is I tested a couple of different angles to a broad page. I found out who my audience is. I then reoptimized my page and I then had a winning product audience and page, right? I have the winning videos, the page, all of this. I'm going to explain more on that later. But I went into crafting the offers, okay? Cuz once you know who is your customer, you need to craft the actual offer. So, for example, for this product, right, which is a workout thing that I've actually been selling, a great offer would not be 50% off, buy 1 get one for your bundles. It just doesn't make sense. So, a good offer could be product plus app plus daily notification, 30-day risk-free, no results is refund, or get 29 of equipment with your purchase. Kind of similar to what we did with the other store. These offers actually make it worth it to the customer. So, don't rush results. You need to work on your back end. And always be asking questions. Why is my conversion rate 3%? Would I trust my own website if I was the customer? Is there a way that I can make more sales? But anyways, on to something else. How do we fulfill 5,000 plus orders a week without losing our mind? So, obviously, this is the boring stuff, right? The back end, the lame things that no YouTuber talks about because they don't drop ship, right? They just sell you courses. or maybe because they don't have it dialed in. The shipping stuff is a little bit tricky, but it doesn't have to be. And this is absolute make it or break it part of your e-commerce business. So, let me teach you how we do it. When you first start scaling on your own store, just use a fulfillment center. You can use Sendrop, you can use AutoDS, you can use uh Commer, it really doesn't matter. But once you get up to 20 to 30 sales a day, this is when you want to get your own private supplier. Now that can actually be accessed through the platforms inside of for example autos or sendup. You can message the different suppliers and get their WhatsApp. Uh but another way to get private supplying is by making a post in a Facebook group saying hey I'm doing 20 orders a day. I need to get this exact product sourced or actually like don't leak your product but you know we say you're making sales. Uh I need an agent in China or a supplier who can get this product for me quickly to whatever country. You're going to wake up to 40 50 DMs. A lot of them is going to be people just harassing you, like spamming you down. But there's going to be 10 DMs who are actually serious people. Okay? So, you're going to send them your product and don't worry, they're not going to steal it. You're going to send them a product and they are going to give you a quote. So, within 24 hours, they're going to get back to you as long as you give them your your product, your country. They will get back to you and tell you how it's going to be. Usually, what you do when you scale uh cuz you're no longer using a fulfillment center is you buy up front. So, for each product that's crushing it, you are eventually going to buy it in bulk. Okay? And for one of our stores, we got an invoice for $4.5,000, I think it was, for $500 unit. We bought it all up front and got a much cheaper deal. When you are scaling, you got to buy your orders up front. But the good news is when you're starting, just run this to um a fulfillment center, okay? And then once you start doing good, you make a post in a group, you find a supplier, or you message me, and I'll hook you up with mine for free. So now it's time for you to start getting serious with your drop shipping store. No more gooning, no more scrolling on social media. You can actually do this. And if you follow what I teach on my channel, you're gonna make this work. I can't tell you exactly when. If it's today, tomorrow, or in a month, but it could literally happen tomorrow, or it could happen in a couple of weeks. I'm trying to teach you on this channel everything I know about drop shipping, e-commerce, Facebook ads, and try to do it with as much transparency as possible without selling you something. Like, yes, I do have a mentorship and everything, but I still want to make sure that my videos have all the info you need. And then if you want to have me help you implement it, then yes, you can join the programs. But rest assured that what you're watching here is not get kept. This is exactly how to make money. Hopefully, you enjoy the video. And I'm just going to scale this to 10, 20, even 30k a day. And I'm going to show it on my Instagram. So, see you in the next

  Top Comments:
  1. @alexdanilovicc [3 likes]: I have a question. When you duplicated killer ads into a new campaign, you need to stop running them in a old one right?
Otherwise, there will be 2 same ads running..
  2. @peterledniczky [2 likes]: dont understand you fully at around 5:00 u are saying, u are duplcating ad sets into the same campaign, then u say why not to duplicate the campaign with higher budget. Or u mean to duplicate the complete campaign with higher budget?
  3. @AURA7-S [1 likes]: TIKTOK ADS BETTER ARE FACEBOOK ADS WHICH ONE ?
  4. @realgabrielc [1 likes]: I just got my first sale after 2.32$  meta ad spending from my 100$ allocated budget, being this my first dropshipping store in my life. my individual profit margin is 29 dollars . After this purchase, Meta stopped automatically spending. Should this be a good or bad sign?
  5. @henkspermatankdriessen5205: This is literally wrong in so many ways. Stop posting misinformation.
  6. @EthanMiller-h3x: Great content, TrueProfit made it clear which ads I should double down on
  7. @BornaK33_: Hyy bro do you think 20 euros per day when testing per creative is enough?
  8. @Silzncerr: 1 week 10k/day challenge??
  9. @aspx_6475: where i see how to create my store ? you show in the video but i dont know where have a link
  10. @cam.carroll: my man never misses
  11. @ZwanekTrenuje: Hey ! Thanks 4 film. Good Job ! Can you send me info about your Agent ?
  12. @zwan3k: pozdrowinia z Polski !! Super materiał  . dziekuje !!
  13. @Meow_Storys_fun: Hello Henrik, I'm Yusuf, I'm a Turkish student of yours. I want to achieve something and I need your help for this. Since my English is low, I watch your videos with subtitles. I want to buy your course. Does your course have Turkish dubbing? Please help me, thank you :))
  14. @AB-Commerce: Good video, thanks so much! But you totally forgot to mention this "How to make ads so good people HAVE to pay you"
  15. @frost171: so is there a limit to how much ads you can put on just 1 ad set for CBO? so let say I'm planning to scale higher how would you setup over 140+ ads for example
  16. @ahmadvlogs6204: Bro which dropshiping supplier can youse you
  17. @Lanky009: You didn't clearly state the setup. You're duplicating adsets in the same campaign?
  18. @fostersgoods: yeooo so you just duplciate adsets in the same campaign if its good roas? And you bump the budget on the campaign to scale more?  do you ever duplicate the campaign too? Great video, thanks
  19. @michaelclarke6364: Bro, thank you so much. Greatly appreciate this info.
  20. @Atanasov9099: Good content brother!! How you test different headlines and ad copies??Or those doesnt matter

- How To Scale Meta Ads To $100k/Day: Kind: captions Language: en If you have ever scaled your Facebook ads and then watched your rorowaz tank as soon as you push that budget up and then as a result you have to scale back down and you continue to bash your head against the wall trying to figure out how can I actually scale meta without it completely tanking on me. Well, in this week's video, I'm going to show you the exact scaling process that we use to scale brands to spending over $100,000 a day on ads and show you the different levels of where you should be focusing and how you should be scaling based off of your current daily spend. I'm also going to shatter your beliefs of what you actually think is possible when it comes to media buying on Meta by showing you some seriously big numbers. Here's an actual screenshot of a brand spending $50,000 on a single campaign. And most importantly, I'm going to give you the exact process and SOP that our team uses to scale ad accounts every single day and help our brands and our community of 300 plus Shopify brand owners and evolve scale towards 100K days. Now, I'll be honest. There is absolutely nothing in the world that gives me more dopamine or fires me up more than being able to go into Meta, click on the budget tab, and increase that budget and sometimes even double it. So, I am absolutely pumped to bring you this week's video. If you've been wanting to scale your Facebook ads and again, you don't have a strategy in doing so, this video is 100% for you. Let's go ahead and jump in. All right. So, as you can see on screen here, there are going to be specific levels that we go through in this video based on where your current daily spend is. Now, before we actually unlock the certain levels and the actual structural and tactical things that you will be doing in the ad account at each level in front of you, we first need to understand how to actually scale. Okay? And so, how we actually scale is down here in the EAM scaling process. And this applies to the campaigns that are in your account and what you currently have an active budget on. Now, I am going to go through this pretty quickly, but again, this process is pretty straightforward and you can go back in the video if you want to rewatch. Again, I will stop and emphasize the points that need to be emphasized, but for the most part, step one is pretty simple. Is this campaign hitting target KPI? And to add a caveat to that, I would add that is your entire ad account actually hitting target KPI because as we scroll up here into the specific levels, there are going to be some specific things that we add at each stage. So again, make sure you keep watching the video to see those next levels. But with that said, the first question is, are we hitting target KPI? Now, if the answer is yes, we're actually going to go down the yes train first. You need to ask yourself if you are in scaling protocol. Now, you might be wondering, what the heck is scaling protocol? Well, scaling protocol is essentially where you scale the ad account every 24 hours. Okay, if you are not in scaling protocol, you are going to go down the no train. And I'm actually going to explain what scaling protocol is. Again, it's not that hard to understand. Or you'll see here if you are looking at a limited time promo or sale campaign, say for example, you're running a Fourth of July campaign or you're running a Black Friday campaign and that has a hard end date, then you are able to actually go straight into scaling protocol and you do not have to wait. So assuming you're not running a promo or sale campaign and that you're just going to say no to this, I'm just running my regular campaign. And again, if you don't know what a promo or sale campaign is, I'm going to show you guys an ad account that we scaled to $100,000 a day with the promo structure. So again, we're going to tap into that. But again, if you said no here, you can scroll down and you can see that we have updated this to say, has there been 48 to 72 hours of performance consistently above target KPI? Now, if you're wondering what scaling protocol is, this is what scaling protocol is. Okay? If you have seen two to three days of consistent performance above your target KPI, you are officially in scaling protocol, which means that you can start scaling your ad account every 24 hours. So, for example, on Monday, if you check and you're at a 3x rorowaz and that is above your KPI, that would be the first 24 hours. Okay? So, when you come down here and you see, has there been 48 to 72 hours of consistent performance, you would say no. And then what you would do is you would just wait another 24 hours. So let's say Tuesday we come back and again we see that there has now been another day at a 3x rozes and you have now had 48 hours of consistent target KPI performance then you can say yes and go down the train of checking whether or not it is clickbased data. Now I'm going to come back to this because the final thing that I wanted to mention here is recently we've added a new step to this which says is there a new reason to be scaling and what we mean by that is have you essentially found a new winning ad have you found a new winning offer or have you found a new winning landing page or has something happened inside of the ad account that is leading to dramatically better performance within that period? Because there have been times when we go through where we see this question and we are not in scaling protocol and we are not running a limited time promo campaign but we have just launched a new winning ad and the thing is taking off like a rocket ship and it's taking our rorowaz from a 2x to a 5x because in case you didn't know winning ads and winning offers and winning landing pages can actually do that for your ad account. Then there will be times where we will say yes, there is a new reason to be scaling. And again, we will confirm now whether or not it is all clickbased data. And for those of you that don't know what clickbased data is essentially, when you go into your ad account, so for example, here is an ad account here that I'm actually going to pull up when it comes to the scaling levels. So again, just a reminder, if you want to actually see the levels of scale over here, you got to keep on watching. But to see how much of your data is actually clickbased, what you're going to do is you're going to click on customs. You're going to click compare attribution settings. And you're going to take a look at your 7-day clickbased data. And now this is assuming that you are going to be running 7-day click one day view. So again, for the sake of this brand, that is what they're running. It says multiple attribution, but let me just go and show you the active adsets. So as you can see, this brand is running 7-day click one day view. And actually on this champions adset, we're running or one day engaged view. Now this is a whole another topic. just know it doesn't really matter. You're just going to scroll over to make sure that all of the data or most of the data is actually clickbased. So, as you can see here, there are 111 purchases and out of those purchases, 104 are clickbased. And so, if we scroll to our clickbased rorowaz, you can see we're at a 2.4. Now, again, the reason that we do this is because we want to see that the ads are actually driving the performance and it's not just collecting a bunch of view through attribution. Now, I have gone back and forth on view through attribution and I do think there is a place for it. However, when it comes to incrementality and essentially like whatever provides an incremental lift and what is going to drive the sales that you see on your actual store, I prefer to look at click-based data. And so, this is where we look to see if 60% or more of the purchases are click-based or clickbased data is actually meeting KPI, then you can go ahead and scale. Okay? And so in this instance when it comes to the actual buttons because we've made it this far now we are either going to increase the budget by 20% flat. Okay. So again if you're spending $100 a day you would increase it by 20% which puts you to $120. Now if you have very big budgets and say you're spending $10,000 a day or $100,000 a day. Obviously a 20% budget increase is quite a lot, right? that goes up to $2,000 additional and up to $20,000 if you're actually spending $100,000 a day. So, unless you're at those budgets, again, you can scale by 20%. Now, if you are at those budgets, we have at times scaled by 15% or 10% or 5%, but it really does depend on the brand. For most people, you can actually scale 20%. If you notice that you have overscaled and again, when you come back to check and you're not hitting target KPI, then you can of course scale down. And again, we're going to talk about the process for that as well. But as you can see here on the other side, if you are at 50 to 100% above KPI, so say your target is a 2x and you are actually getting a 4x return on ad spend, there are times where we will double or 1.5x the actual budget. So again, as another example down here, if your target is 2.5 and performance is at 3.75, aka 50% above your target. And just as a reminder that is actually happening consistently and it's not just one day. Well then what you can do is you can actually increase your budget by however much you are above just know do this at your own risk. And if you are dealing with bigger budgets obviously Chad scaling from 10k a day to 20k per day is a massive jump right but if you're spending $200 a day 200 to $400 a day not really that big of a difference. Okay so just understand that as you play with bigger numbers you are going to want to be less aggressive. But if you are less than $1,000 a day or even less than $2 or $3,000 a day, you're probably fine to be more aggressive with how you scale. Just again, make sure you see where your KPI is at. Now, if we climb back up here, I just want to emphasize this again. If there is a new reason to be scaling, you can scale within 24 hours, but we still a lot of the times, even if we hit a new winning ad or a new winning offer, we will wait 48 hours just to see how it's doing. Or we'll wait like 36 hours. So, we'll let it run for a day and then if we check it the next day and it's still crushing or off to a really good start, then sometimes we will scale. But I just want to clarify that. And then again, if you are not in scaling protocol, there's no new reason to be scaling. Wait another 24 hours. And same thing here, if more than 60% of purchases are not clickbased, so basically a lot of youth through data is coming in, wait another 24 hours. And at this point, I would actually check and potentially switch to 7-day click only, but that's a topic for another video. Now, let's go down the no train here. Okay, so if you are not hitting target KPI then the first question that you need to ask yourself is are you below break even KPI for 24 to 48 hours? Now, this is a question that we recently added because we have seen some people ultimately Chad scale and just tank their account. And for a lot of you guys, you'll scale up and then all of a sudden your rorowaz just tanks. And so, you want to give meta time to figure itself out because when you increase budget, it has to expand its reach and it has to serve your ads to more people. And what ends up happening and the reason why your ads can't scale when you do this majority of the time is because the creatives are just not good enough, right? So you have creatives that are able to say reach, you know, 10,000 people a day and get them to convert. But as soon as you try to scale beyond those 10,000 people, Meta is now having to show your ads to colder and colder people. And because your ads are not good enough to convert those colder and colder people, you see your return on ad spend tank, right? And spend becomes really inefficient. So if you are below break even KPI for whatever reason, so after 24 or 48 hours, what we would recommend doing is checking if you're at minimum daily spend. And again, minimum daily spend I'm going to come back to in a second, but then likely just scale down and decrease the budget 20%. Okay, the minimum that we usually scale is around 20%. It's very very rare that we'll scale down like 10% and there are times where we will scale down more aggressively. It really depends on the scenario and again we're going to get more into that. But if for whatever reason you're not at break even or you're not below break even, but you are not really hitting your KPI. So again, for example, if your target is a 2.5 and you're at a two, obviously you're not losing money, but it's not your ideal target. So in that instance, what you can ask yourself is again, has there been 48 to 72 hours of performance consistently below your target? And again, we're emphasizing this on a 7-day clickbased data. So if you have seen 2 to three days of poor performance, then what we would recommend doing is again checking if you're at minimum spend, but if you're not, again, wait 24 hours. Very, very simple. But if you are, then check if you're at minimum daily spend and likely again decrease your budget down. Now, what is minimum daily spend? Well, minimum daily spend is essentially how much you're willing to spend no matter what. Okay? And this changes as you get bigger as a brand, okay? Because you likely have more cash. For a lot of you guys, when you're just starting out, you're probably maybe spending $50 to $100 a day. And so, that is likely your minimum daily spend where no matter what, that is what you're going to spend for 30 days. Now, for some of our brands, because we're spending a lot more, say we're spending 10, 15, 20, or 30K a day, our minimum spend for a brand spending 20K a day might be 10. Meaning that no matter what, like we're spending 10K a day and we better figure it out, right? And so calculating your minimum daily spend is more of an exercise that you can do based off of the cash flow and the reserves that you have. But for most of you guys, I would say like your minimum daily spend should be like a hundred or $200 a day. And if you continue to go down down down down down down, well then you're going to have to really figure some things out here, which is why we have this updated area down here. Okay? So whether or not you're decreasing budget or you are at your minimum daily spend and you can't decrease anymore, it's very very very important for you to actually take action outside of the ad account. Okay? And I cannot stress this enough because if you are scaling down, you need to focus on the things that actually allow you to scale. Okay? Which is number one, launching new DCTs. Okay, number two, double-checking the funnel for bugs or errors. You wouldn't believe how many times that we've seen brands break something on their website, we check the ad account the next day, performance is totally tanked, and now we're trying to figure out what's going on. But because we have a process for double-checking the entire funnel, what we actually do is we go and check the website and boom, all of a sudden, we found that the client accidentally removed a piece of code for their cart or changed something on their product page or they're out of stock. Okay? And so it's very very important to make sure that your media buyers specifically or you specifically have a process for double-checking your funnel if you see performance going down. Okay, this is actually something I'd recommend doing every day, especially if you see a dramatic change in the funnel. Most of you guys do this automatically because you just spam your ad account and spam your Shopify. But for the most part, make sure you double check your funnel. Now the other thing that you should be doing is conducting data analysis on ads that are getting spend and processing learnings and completing feedback loops to understand okay meta is liking this angle or meta is liking this avatar or meta is liking this style of creative what can I learn from it how can I make better ads and make sure that you complete those feedback loops so you're not wasting your time when you go to create new DCTs because again you need to learn from what is happening in the account and if you're new to the channel I have tons of videos that talk about that and I actually just made a video about processing learning. So, you can actually go and check that out. I'll make sure the team leaves a link in the description down below. But from there, you can also conduct deep research for new avatars and new mechanisms. And this is something that I really want to double click into because I think some of you guys start to panic when meta is tanking and you're constantly looking in the ad account for answers. But the truth is, the reason why your ad account is tanking is because what's actually inside of it. And this is where it's so confusing because you see that the inside of the ad account is tanking. And so you want to try to fix the inside of the ad account, aka you want to fix the campaigns and the structure and all that kind of stuff. But what is actually going to fix the inside of your ad account is everything outside. And so if you are seeing that performance is going down and that every time you scale you get hit and punched in the face, well, it's probably time for you to spend more time outside of the ad account focusing on deep research, finding new mechanisms and new ways to position your product, finding new avatars and people with specific pain points that you can go after and finding new creatives and studying existing creatives or even looking at creatives. And this is what I love so much about Evolve because the first thing that we show people when they join Evolve is a winning ads document of ads that have spent millions of dollars. And so they right away are able to adjust their lens of what a good ad looks like so they can go and create them. So if you're struggling in your ad account, you need to understand what a great ad is. And then from there, you need to put in the work again outside of the ad account to actually get the inside of the ad account to start working better. Wanted to go full screen just to make sure I emphasize that. And then from there, the final thing that you can do, and this is something that we again started doing recently, and it's so so important for you to understand, is to start offer testing. Okay? If you are a brand that has been plateaued for a few months, and you haven't been able to scale, or maybe you're scaling back down, or even then you're at your minimum daily budget, you should likely start testing some new offers, right? The market is going to get sophisticated. The offer that you ran in January is probably not as powerful as it is now in June. And on top of that, desires are shifting. Desires are changing. Unless you live in the Arctic, it's also summer right now. So again, when I say desires are shifting and changing, people have different buying habits. People are outside more. People are traveling more. You need to figure out how you can create offers that are going to appeal to those specific types of people. And you also need to understand how to make offers that can scale through specific seasons and specific periods where everything might not be in your favor. Okay? And so my favorite way to do offer testing is again to do it inside of your one campaign and test brand new ads with a brand new offer in that campaign to see if it gets spend. Now if you are a brand that is a little bit more scale, maybe you're spending 10 to 15k per day, you likely have enough data to go and split test it formally on your store. But with that said, I still love just creating new offers, focusing on the avatar, which again why deep research is so important, and coming up with different pricing strategies, different bundles, and all of that good stuff. Actually be able to test it inside of your ad account and see if that can give you the lightning bolt that you need to get you out of your minimum daily spend or to get you off of this plateau or decrease budget protocol that you are in. So that is the entire scaling SOP up to date with exactly what we do. Now, if you hung in there to the end, you're going to get the sauce over here of something that we've recently just put together. That is our levels of scaling. Okay? And so, level one of scaling is 0 to 50k per day. Now, I know this sounds ridiculous and this sounds super weird, like how can my scaling setup be the same at $0 to 50k? Well, it's because that's where Meta is pushing everything and there is proof of it. So again, if you are a brand that is spending $100 per day, this is what your ad account should look like. And again, you should apply scaling protocol to this campaign. As you can see here, $360 a day budget. If we are hitting KPI, we are going to scale. It's very, very simple. Okay? So, you just follow everything that we went through for that one campaign. Now, for those of you that are wondering, well, why 50k per day, right? How come this one campaign is spending 360? And as I'm about to show you, here's an actual screenshot of a brand spending $50,000 on a single campaign. Okay, how is that possible? It's because it's all about the things that are outside of your ad account. Okay, so if you are from the belief that you need all this different ad account strategy, you need this campaign and that campaign, you need to launch new CBOS with every single ad that you test, whatever dumb thing you guys think is actually going to get you to scale further, you don't need to do that. Okay, this is an ad account that was spending 50k per day at a 2x rorowaz. Okay, so it is very very very possible and we've actually seen ad accounts further than this. I just don't have permission to share them unfortunately with how much things have grown over this year which I am very grateful for. I can't share a lot of these things anymore with you guys. But I'm doing my best to show you as much as I can. And so just know this is very very possible. Okay, you can literally scale this do 50k plus a day with one campaign. Now again if you haven't clicked off yet and you want to see level two well that is now going to get revealed and ta it is actually CBOS's plus raw content. Okay so this is level two scaling. So if you are spending 3 to 10k per day you can start to introduce some more campaigns. Now the reason why I recommend just one campaign for people that are spending less than 3k per day is because you just don't need it. You just need to lock in on your creatives. You need to lock in on your landing pages. And whether you're running a CBO or an ASC, I literally don't care. you need to focus on getting up to 3K per day in spend and in one campaign you can definitely do it. Okay, so that is level one. But now jumping into level two, we're introducing what is called a raw content campaign. Now what is raw content? It's just the word that we've came up with for low intent testing campaigns. And this is because as a brand spending 3 to 10k per day, you likely have potentially some UGC coming in or maybe you're doing some Tik Tok shop and you're likely getting more content because you've realized content is important. So, at this stage, what we actually do is we introduce a raw content campaign, but as you can see right here, the main spending campaign is still our one campaign. All right, our raw content campaign is barely spending $200 a day. And this testing campaign is just something that we're doing for purposes of versus CBO, which is going to be an insane video. The learnings that we're getting from that are actually very, very interesting. So, if you are not subscribed, make sure that you click the subscribe button right now. Especially if you're enjoying this. If you're hitting this, then don't subscribe. But if you are enjoying this and you want to see a master data sheet of versus CBO, we tested over 500 ads and counting. It is going to be an absolute banger. So, make sure you guys subscribe for that. But again, inside of this campaign setup, as you can see, we have our main campaign, which is the standard CBO with a new raw content campaign that we just recently set up. And now what we're doing is we're launching all of our low intent product seating Tik Tok shop videos into this campaign to just do mass testing. And the reason why we're doing it that way is because we are starting to segment different objectives of hey this is our high intent campaign and this is our campaign where we're just shotgunning content in there and if something sticks then great. Okay. So that is the setup for level two. Now if you are looking to get to level three of scaling so 10 to 50k plus a day this is what you're going to start to look at. Okay. This is CBOS's plus raw content plus ASC's plus whitelisting. Okay. Now, I'm going to show you two ad accounts here. They're actually with the same brand. Now, the reason why we actually have the ad account separated is simply because we had an ad account ban and then we actually got it back and we just realized that we might as well keep it. But for those of you that also think like separating ad accounts is a good scaling strategy, that's something that you can test on your own if you want. We haven't seen it actually impact. Most of our ad accounts that are spending the most are usually just in the same ad account or most of our brands rather are that are spending the most are just running everything in the same ad account. But for the sake of this example, I'm going to show you guys that at this level, we are now running our CBOS, our raw content, ASC's is what we're introducing as well as whitelisting. Okay, so what does this actually look like? Well, as you can see in here, we again have CBOS with an S. Now, I will say that if you do have multiple countries, this brand specifically does not run in multiple countries. As you can see, it's US only, but if you do have multiple countries, what you can actually do is either launch a worldwide campaign, see which countries perform, and then optimize funnels in different CBOs for them. And again, the CBO is the same DCT structure or same 322 structure that we recommend. And again, if you haven't seen the full how to run Facebook ads to hit 100K days video, make sure you go and check that out. People are liking it. So again, there will be a popup on screen somewhere and a link down below for you to go check it out. But in here again, we are running raw content as well as ASC's and whitelisting. So the ASC's specifically are coming in for scaling. And so as you can see here, this is our main scaling ASC. And again, just ignore this testing scaling It is for the versus CBO test. But here, as you can see, we now have introduced a scaling ASC where what we do is we treat this like a champions adset inside of our main CBO. And essentially, we're taking all of our winning ads and we're putting them in an ASC and we're allowing Meta to actually use that to deliver to another segment of customers. Okay? And so, if you want to introduce ASC's at the 3 to 10K level and you don't have a ton of content, you definitely can do CBOS and ASC's here. The point of this is is you don't need to be over complicated at 3 to 10k per day in spend. With that said, as you start to approach 10k plus per day in spend, we do often see a little bit more complex account structures. And so to show you where our raw content campaigns are, as well as our whitelisting campaigns, you can see them in here. Now, for those of you that don't know what whitelisting is, whitelisting is essentially where you run ads from content creators profiles rather than your own brand profile. And so what we actually have done for this brand specifically is we've segmented whitelisting ads into a separate campaign and then have our actual ASC scaling for raw content which I would not recommend. But again, if you want to start getting more segmented around 10K per day in spend, you can just know again you don't need to get over complex. We have our main CBO here for raw content. We have our whitelisting which is all of our winning raw content on the creator's actual profile. So again from their page rather than our page. And then we also have that in two worldwide campaigns as well. But as you can see, it's not really doing much. It's mainly in the US that is crushing for this brand specifically. And again, I did mention that there is this ASC here that we're using for raw content. Uh this is something new that we're testing, but it is the same fundamental principle as a scaling ASC for your CBO and high intent creatives. But with that said, this is a brand that is spending just around 10K per day. We've actually had to scale down a little bit because of stock, but this is an account where you can see that in action. And then the final area which again as it says here if you actually are spending 50 to 100k per day on ads well you probably should have just skipped to this because your time is very valuable but this is where we start to see things a lot more complex in ad accounts. Now the thing that is very very important for you to understand that if you are over here and you're in 0 to 50k per day you do not want to replicate what someone is doing at level four of scaling. Okay, where you start segmenting CBOS and segmenting raw content campaigns and ASC's and whitelisting. And if you're wondering what I mean by segmented CBOS, what we see brands at this level doing is segmenting by collections or segmenting by specific avatars. And so a lot of you guys see this and you want to do this, right? You get all excited about an ad account spending 50K per day, but the truth is is you're not spending 50k per day. You're spending 3K a day or 4K a day. And can this maybe help you get a little bit more spend? Sure. But the point is is you have to earn this level of scaling and you have to earn the structure. The example that I want to give is like looking at a billionaire and being like, I need to do exactly what he's doing. I need to talk on the phone all day. I need to fly private. I need to have my own driver. I need to live in a penthouse. Like, no, you don't. You need to sit on your laptop. You need to learn a skill. You need to start to make some money so that way you can get your capital and people to work for you and then you can maybe act more like a billionaire. Okay? So point is is that you should not replicate or copy what an ad account is doing at 50 to 100k per day if you're spending too, right? And so that's why I've tried to break this down into the levels of scale. So that way you can see what you can hopefully build up towards, but you have to earn that right to start to expand your ad account a little bit further and get more creative simply because of the sheer volume that you're dealing with. So again going back into this there are segmented CBOS that you can run and again a lot of the brands that we talked to or actually manage spending 100K plus a day on ads it is a little bit more segmented and because again these brands don't want their ad accounts out there I cannot show you but what I can show you is actually an example of where you leverage one campaign strategy with promo strategy. So again, I did mention that we would get into the promo strategy. And so the promo campaign strategy does apply no matter where you're at. And what the promo campaign strategy is is, as you can see over here in our campaign setup, it is where we have our cold, hot, and warm audiences inside of this one campaign. And again, I'm not going to go deep into how to set this up. If you want to see how we set this up, there is the how to run Facebook ads video attached below. But as you can see here, this ad account was actually spending 50K per day the day before Black Friday. Now, as you can see on Black Friday itself, we actually did spend $100,000 in a single day. And we scaled the heck out of this. And this just goes to show you that with ASC's and sale promo campaigns and a very, very simple CBO campaign, again, outside of this testing campaign, which is something that we were just playing around with for this mega CBO test that we've been working on. Uh, as you can see here, it's just separated by different countries. And I do actually break down this ad account in my $10 million in 90 days video. But the point is is you can get up to 100K per day if the period allows for specific promos. And so in this instance, we actually were able to spend over 100K per day or 100K per day exactly without doing a bunch of segmented CBOS and raw content as all this other kind of stuff. We were just focused on our one campaign strategy, right, with our promo strategy. And for those of you that are wondering when you can use the promo strategy, you can use it for any period, right? Fourth of July, there's going to be Halloween coming up. Obviously, Black Friday, Christmas, all of these major holidays or all of these events that happen. Prime Day is actually another one. You can take advantage of that, okay? And you can launch limited time campaigns with great offers. And if you want to see our sales and offer strategy, there's also another video on my channel. I've got way too many videos by now. But the point is is you can see that that strategy alone can also scale up to six figures a day in spend when the period allows. Now again, it's Black Friday. It's quarter four. It's the hottest period of the year. But I want you guys to understand that you can scale very, very high with a very simplified ad account structure and a very simple overall scaling process by going through that protocol that we just walked through. And again, just to recap, here it is for you. And if you did make it all the way to the end, I appreciate you for staying. If you need to review this video for whatever reason, I'll kind of zoom out here so you guys can see it and then go ahead and screenshot it and do whatever you want with it. But that is the scaling process that we use. Now, again, if you enjoyed this week's video and you want more insights like this about how we're scaling brands to 100K plus days, I'd highly recommend that you check out the Evolve link down below. We are making a push to get back to the number one spot on school. Big shout out to the guy that actually dethroned us. He is the new goat on school. So, in some of my previous videos where I said we're number one, unfortunately, we're not number one anymore, but if you want to see strategies like this and you want to get into the highest level community for all of ecom where there are literally dudes spawning out of nowhere doing 40, 50, 90, 150k plus days in ecom right now, that's the place to be. So, I'll leave it there. Again, I really, really hope that you guys enjoyed this video. And if you happen to be a Shopify brand that wants our team to step in and manage things and you're spending at least six figures a month on ads, I'd highly recommend for you to check out the second link down below to book a call with me and my team. Thank you so much for making it all the way to the end and I will see you in the next

  Top Comments:
  1. @theceoguy1 [3 likes]: screenshot is 1 year old almost what you talking about you stil live in the history i think you where lucky sometimes and now youre just squeeze it out asmuch as possible
  2. @MadMikeScriven [2 likes]: Yo where's your vid on ABO vs CBO learnings?
You mentioned it in this video but cant find it on your channel.
BTW thanks so much for all the value you provide.
  3. @RobenGardenier [2 likes]: What would very valuable if you would share the miro so people can duplicate it.
  4. @jarius_c [2 likes]: What attribution setting do you use for optimizing ads on Triple Whale? I currently have been trying TA + Views, 7 days
  5. @dominics109 [2 likes]: you gotta pump those numbers, those are some rookie numbers beats chest
  6. @noelemba [1 likes]: Would you recommend warming ads creatives with ABO before putting them in a CBO campaign for beginners spending around $500 per day ?
  7. @Wonderlaust [1 likes]: Fix audio please 🙏
  8. @Mr.Finance [1 likes]: Increasing adset daily minimum budget. Is this allowed or will it ruin the ad inside?
  9. @gayathraperera5681: Do you you think it make sense to push creatives that didn't get spend into a separate campaign with a smaller budget to actually see. What's your take on that?
  10. @tanvuong4200: In the creative test ad set, how many ads should we run using the 3-2-2-2 structure? For example, should we launch 1 angle with 6 ads first and then add another angle with 6 ads, or should we replace the old 6 ads with the new ones?
  11. @MayaLehman3: Hi Spencer, I see this video was posted 1 month ago, but you are talking about lunching DCTS, that aren't avilable for over a year now. Is this video structure updated to the new Meta algorithm updates? Thanks!
  12. @TechfryLTD: Hey Spencer, 
If I want to double my budget, is it better to do it right at 12:01 AM midnight or between 7–9 AM?
  13. @viktoralexander4284: Who spends 50k per day and manage campaigns on its own. I really would like to know anyone who looks that video is soending 50-100k a day
  14. @Fp.Brothers: solid video Spencer !
  15. @rdxsingleytff9842: Hi spencer thanks for amazing value just had a question.

In the raw content campaign where you just spam test creatives, how do you structure them is it the same 3-2-2 or its 1 ad in 1 adset or how that work?
  16. @Stravida-Partners: I’ve personally managed more than $400MM on ads on Google meta TikTok whatever and I can confirm it’s your offer landing page and conversion rate. The ad account settings are easy to perfect and it’s all about the creative and the off platform assets.
  17. @khann7: Hi  Spencer is in new Origin program we gonna get ad swipe file of ads that get so many spend like 50-100k etc?
  18. @ECOMBROS: or just create 1 A+ and launch new Ads inside it every week
  19. @dominics109: this is so weird bro im great media buyer thats been doing great but im so bad at products.. someone drop a good tut on just picking good products pls
  20. @Princeecommerce: I hope this video was released last Year :)

- Facebook Ads NEW Rules for 2026 (learn this ASAP): Kind: captions Language: en I've put together the seven things that are changing the most in Facebook ads right now. These are essentially the new rules for what it's like to optimize and run Facebook ads accounts in 2026. Across our agency, we manage millions of dollars in direct to consumer ad spend every single month. And what I'm seeing right now in ad accounts is completely different than what I saw even just 6 months ago. What I'm going to break down goes against what you've probably been taught. probably goes against what I have said on this very channel right here in the past, but they're working right now and my bet is that they're going to continue to work into the next year. So, basically what we're seeing is that the biggest brands in the world are all increasing their creative volume massively. We have literally seen every large brand increase up and to the right. And let me give you some examples of that. So, this is a look at the media mix from Athletic Greens. And as you can see, a year ago, they were running on average around 400 images and 300 videos. Now, that sounds like a lot, but that's roughly speaking if we add the 496 and 376, that's close to a,000 active ads. Today, they're running over 6,822 ads. So, Athletic Greens, we'll write AG1 here, went from 1,000 ads to 6K. Let's take a look at another business called Talentless. This is a clothing brand. I really like to model some of these ads. I think they do a great job. Now, we can see back in January, they were running 64 images and 19 videos. Let's just call this one talent. And let's just give them 100, we'll say, even though it's less. They went from 100 active ads to today they're running 1,081 active ads. So, they 10xed their ad production. AG1 6xed their ad production. And by the way, every brand is doing this. You could just name any big brand that's actually scaling and you will see a chart that looks just like this. Let's take Gap here for example. that started back in January running 130 to 150 ads. Let's call it 150. And today they are running 6,353 ads. We're just going to say 6K plus. I don't even know what the multiple on that. It's a 60x multiple roughly speaking. 50x multiple. We have seen these three ginormous brands scale so significantly by having creative at scale. This is the trend. Anyone that tells you otherwise is too lazy to create creative, which leads me to my second point, the creative engine. Now, the creative engine is what allows businesses to scale their ads so quickly. It's what allows you to see so many different variations from the same company, seemingly making you not fatigue from looking at so many ads at the same time. And whether you're a brand that's literally running your first round of ads today after watching this video or if you're trying to actually aggressively scale, I'm going to break down how these engines work. They get more complex as you grow and grow, but generally these four steps are what need to be followed. So, every creative engine starts at the top with launching new ads. We're just going to call this launch. The next thing you do after launch is you have a grace period. This grace period is somewhere between 7 and 14 days. This is when you're just hanging out, evaluating your ads, pausing down absolute duds and scaling winners. This is just allowing those ads to breathe and really give them a fair chance. After that 14-day period, you have to do analysis. Now, that analysis needs to have factored in incremental attribution. So, we're going to add a very important note here. This needs to be incremental analysis. And what I mean by this is you're looking not just at 7-day click one day view, but you're actually looking at incremental attribution in your Facebook ads platform. And then after you analyze that, it's time to brief. And brief really means you're taking your best performing creatives from your ad account and you are, yes, briefing to actually see if you can create more variations of these top creatives, these concepts. Now, there's a wild card that can come in, and this is very important in this briefing process. You also need to be taking competitor ads, as I'm inserting out of left field, literally, and brief in on those as well. So the combination is you're taking your ads that are actually working the best already for you in your ad account and you're taking your competitor ads and you're briefing new concepts and iterations together and then you launch those new ads. This is a constant cycle and this is how you build a very basic but robust creative engine. The third rule is that oversimplistic campaign strategies are gone. And I'll call this no more one campaign method. Now the basis of this method falls into a very simple philosophy. Facebook is smarter than us, which it kind of is, and we could just throw all of our ads into one single campaign. I'm here to tell you that this breaks very quickly, and it breaks because of the lack of swim lanes. What we want to actually create in our account is new customers, engaged customers and existing customers. And why we want this, why this is so important, because typically Facebook overspends on existing customers. They spend just enough on engaged, which is fine, and they underspend on new customers. This is especially a problem when you start to get to larger portions of spend. And therefore, a lot of your budget as a not just percentage, but actual dollar amount is skewed into existing customers, which ultimately means you're not scaling new customer acquisition, which is what you want to do with Facebook ads, with Instagram ads, and so on. Which leads me to the opposite, but also extremely important rule that I think is going to dominate 2026. At this point, before I even showcase this rule, I want to mention something that's really important. If you are a brand that is trying to scale in 2026, the average brand that we work with saw a 41% increase in profit in the first 90 days. So, if you want to work with us and actually scale your ads, take things seriously this year instead of being at the stalemate that many people's businesses are, then go to the moonlighters.com and apply to work with us. It takes 2 minutes to apply and you get on a 15minute call. If you don't like that 15-minute call, you waste 15 minutes of your life. Best case scenario, you're one of those businesses that scales to 41% on average. That's not our best. It's not our worst in the first 90 days. So, number four, is dead. What is absolutely dead, which we'll mark on the X over here, is any sort of functionality where you think you could take 20 to 30% of your budget and treat that in testing. That is a very easy way to lose 10, 20, 30% of your total performance in your ad account and create an actual cost center in your business. What is absolutely working here is the exact opposite. You create a prospecting CBO and within that prospecting CBO, you not only test here, but you scale here and this becomes the number one campaign. The beautiful part about the prospecting CBO is your test ads are actually not going to get any spend unless they are actually better than the rest of the ads. So you create a hyperco competitive environment in your own ad account. We always want our best ads to rise to the top and doesn't allow that because us as human beings are way slower than the algorithm. Number five, fastest horse is back in action. You probably don't actually know what this means, but I'll give it to you in simple verbiage. Advanced breakdowns are so back it's crazy. We went through this period where it was actually completely fine to just run a bunch of your ads into the same campaign or a couple campaigns, select automatic placements, select everything automatic, all genders, all locations, and just let it rip. That period has completely ended in 2025, and it is going to continue to be over in 2026. The way that we're treating what I call the fastest horse is you want to put your bets, meaning spend the most amount of money on the fastest horse. And how that generally functions are day of week, platform, landing page, gender, country, and the list goes on and on. What's important to recognize that in each of these breakdowns in your ad platform, they all have levers that you can pull that Facebook might not have the exact information on for you. For example, if you know on your Shopify store that Mondays and Tuesdays work better than Saturdays and Sundays, then you should spend more on the better performing days, but I would bet most people spend the same amount of money every single day. Why would you do that? Why would you do the same thing if Facebook works better than Instagram or vice versa? Why would you spend the same amount if one landing page works better than the other? This goes all the way down the board. Make sure that you're always putting your money where you're most likely to make money back. The sixth new rule of Facebook ads is profit over rorowaz. Rorowaz has become this holy grail number. It's something that everyone is just so obsessed about and it actually does mean a lot. Rorowaz is a very important efficiency metric. It is simply your return on ad spend to make sure that you're always profitable on every single purchase. But that's all and where it truly ends. What a lot of brands get caught up in is they want a very high return on ad spend. They want a 5x. They want a 10x. That's great. I want those numbers, too. Everyone does. But the real question to ask yourself is, how much profit are you leaving on the table by forcing your business into a very high return on ad spend? Think about it like this. Would you rather spend $1,000 at a 5x or $100,000 at a 1.2x? Now, I understand I'm using very large numbers here to make a very easy point because in this case, you're getting $5,000 in return minus your $1,000 in ad spend, equaling to $4,000 in profit. In this case, you're getting a total of 120k revenue minus the 100k ad spend, again, equaling to 20K in total revenue. And even if these numbers were way, way closer, even if they were the same profit, I would always prefer the bigger spend and the lower rorowaz. And the reason for that is actually simple. This allows you to build an army of loyal customers. This is so important for everyone to understand. The bigger your business is, the more people talk about your business. The more people talk about your business, the more residual sales you have over long periods of time. So in all cases, you want to take the lowest rorowaz you can possibly afford at the highest volume. And number seven, this is probably one of the biggest ones because there was new tools that came out by Facebook in 2025 that took some time for us to adopt and get used to. And this is truly attribution has changed. Everyone got used to 7-day click or one-day view. And some people said, I don't want to use any one-day view and I'm just going to use 7-day click or even I'm going to use one day click. Right? This was also very common. Now what's shifted here is the introduction of incremental attribution. And what incremental attribution does is it allows us to see the purchases that happened because of Facebook. So what we now prefer to do is a hybrid approach. We now prefer to really look at the 7-day click, 1-day view as the core attribution method for the brand, but focus on incremental attribution when we're talking about which creatives to scale because we know incrementally that's most important. And in many cases, we might actually shift everything to incremental attribution as long as it proves to be most successful in testing. Now, I know I said I had seven, but I'm going to hit you guys with some bonuses. Every single business needs to have a king goal. This is the goal above all goals. This is what you tell your media buyer, you tell your agency. This is the goal that matters the most. It could be an ROI goal, an ME goal, a rorowaz goal, a CPA goal. It could be a revenue goal. Just whatever is most important to you. What I mean by king goal is that you don't conflict this goal with other goals. As long as this goal is achieved, the business is happy and healthy. Number two, flexible ads are ripping right now. I don't want to say too much about this because to be honest, we don't have the full data to back this up quite yet. But early testing, flexible ads are crushing. So, give them a shot in your ad account. There's a very high chance that grouping together these iterations in flexible ads could lead to a significant increase in your performance. And a few other honorable mentions here. AI UGC is getting much much better. This is something I'm very bullish on over the next year. In addition to that, very similar, very connected, Meta Gen AI is getting even stronger as well. You've probably seen the AI enhancements show up more and more on your ads. They're working better and better. I'm really interested to see what's going to happen in 2026, and Little Birdie from Facebook has indicated that this is going to be a very big point. On a completely different note, catalog ads are still strong. This is pretty shocking to most people at this point when we have so many options, so many different ads. But sometimes just showing people something and not trying to trick them or coersse them into buying and just saying, "Hey, these are my products. Go buy them." Does a great job. And then finally, because you got this far, I want to give a reminder that I say all the time. Focus on the 20% of your products that drive 80% of your revenue. This single rule right here could be applied to every single part of the other seven rules that I gave you. Focus on the 20% that drives 80% of the output in every facet of your business and you will be significantly more effective and more efficient. Now, you know the rules, but rules do not make money. Strategy and execution makes money. If you want to see my full setup step by step so you can copy and paste it into your ad account, click this video right here where I go through everything A to Z. That's all for today's video. I hope you got a ton of value out of this. If you have questions, let me know in the comments below.

  Top Comments:
  1. @TheyFooledYou [10 likes]: Ok, so how do we afford to run 1000 ads 😂
  2. @GuaranteedPPC [2 likes]: If you are in any kind of mainstream niche at all, you will generally be best off trying to copy what your competitors are doing (from the ad library) than inventing a new offer to test.  Only about 10% of those new offer tests will work.  At least start with the "tried and true" then test your other offers no one is using.

Anything you do that offers someone a way to make/save money, makes a person more attractive, or taps into fear usually does well on Facebook now.
  3. @hkbugulli [1 likes]: Very good insights
  4. @GrundmanT [1 likes]: Question  - How do we scale up to that many ads if we are only putting 6-10 ads in an adset and only every 7-14 days?   That would take a lifetime -- what has changed with that?   Thanks!
  5. @AB-Commerce [1 likes]: You noted a problem, that facebook does not spends enough on "new customers" but you forgot to tell how to actually solve this in the cbo?
  6. @shakaslx [1 likes]: Thanks for the great content, Sam. You're amazing!
  7. @SamPiliero: 👉 Work with me and my team: go.themoonlighters.com/apply-l131
👉 Join my coaching program: go.themoonlighters.com/skool-l131
  8. @RafaelBelor: Ok got it:
1. Breathe
2. Brief
3. Breach
4. Beef
5. Horse
  9. @BarbaraHaratyk-u2t: whata bout you r a new business and will have only new customers? 1 campaign with 1 ad set with 3 ads in in its not a good idea?
  10. @assilmizane: Amazing
  11. @IoniteSimeon: what tool have you used to see the amount of ad creatives used by companies?
  12. @osamaaman1212: Hey sam, you have mentioned about increasing ad budget on the days that are performing well but my question is do we have to reduced budget on the less performing days or remain the same.
  13. @KurtYaz-biz: Flexible ads seems interesting
  14. @abdullahfareed5502: So in which campaign should we test the creatives? Engaging, new, existing? I am actually confused in overall ad account campaigns structure. It'll be great help if you elaborate this thing.
  15. @a.m9196: Can someone tell what is the best AI UGC web?
  16. @GoogleGuy492: What are your thoughts on DABA (product ads) taking a majority of the spend in CBO?
  17. @ghos_t_oaster: today i learned that sam does the marketing for anthony fantano and i've never trusted him more than right now
  18. @TonyWallshq: Anyone running ads this year should probably see this before spending another dollar.
  19. @kanisshka5509: i get winners from prospecting but when i run those for new interest adset it just fails and cpa increased by 2-3x compared to others , why it behave like this
  20. @Ashton_marketing: The end💥

- How to Get From ‘Not Eligible’ to ‘Eligible to Start Earning’ on Facebook (Monetization 2026 Tips!): Kind: captions Language: en Welcome to my channel. Today, I'll be showing you how to go from not eligible to eligible to start earning on Facebook in 2026. As you can see on the screen, my page is still in green quality, doesn't violate any policies, and has excellent engagement. But, it still shows the message you're not eligible to earn yet. This is a very common situation for many new pages, and don't worry, we can completely fix it if we follow the next steps correctly. And now, first, please scroll down to the video description. I've included a Google Drive link. Click on that link and download the .zip [music] file I've prepared. This file will help you quickly set up the necessary tools to apply for Facebook content monetization. Click the download button and choose a location to save it on your computer. Don't worry if it takes a few seconds. The file is small and downloads very quickly, but it's crucial for the next step. Once the file has downloaded, we'll be ready to go to extensions manager and enable developer mode. Next, locate the downloaded .zip file on your computer. Right-click and select extract all to open the file. Choose an easily accessible folder for extraction, for example, on your desktop, to facilitate the following steps. Inside the extracted folder, you will find all the necessary files, from supporting scripts to the Facebook content monetization registration [music] form. We will then proceed to the add/load unpacked step in extensions to open the form and prepare to submit the official request. When the form opens, you will see the page eligibility details section. Here, we need to fill in the target page URL, [music] which is the Facebook page link you want to register for monetization, and page name, the display name of the page. After filling in the [music] page information, we move on to the business portfolio access section. Here, you need to enter your business portfolio ID, which is your business management code on Facebook. Next, we fill in the provide detailed page information section. This is where you present detailed information about your page to submit to the Meta monetization review board. You should write concisely and clearly, emphasizing that your page meets the requirements, does not violate policies, and has high audience engagement. In the details, include page name, page URL, and the administrator's contact email. Also, emphasize that your team produces high-quality, original content, fully complies with Meta partner monetization policies, and wishes to participate in the unified monetization experience across Reels, Stories, and long videos. The goal is for Meta to synchronize the page ID with the invitation system, so that the sign-up button appears in the professional dashboard, allowing you to start monetizing as soon as you are approved. Next, we'll complete the final two sections of the form to submit your monetization application. First is the confirmation checkbox. Click on the box that says, "I certify that this asset complies with Meta's partner monetization policies and is ready for program enrollment." This is a crucial step to let Meta know that your page fully complies with their policies, does not violate content guidelines, and is ready to participate in the monetization program. Emphasizing that all information and content on the [music] page is of high quality increases the chances of approval. Next is the attached eligibility PNG section. Here, you need to upload a screenshot of your page's professional dashboard, showing high engagement or eligibility status. This helps Meta verify that the page is truly effective, has a good engaging audience, and is suitable for content monetization. When preparing the image, make sure all parameters and metrics are clearly displayed, avoiding cropping out important parts. This is visual proof, making it easier for Meta to confirm that your page meets the requirements. Finally, double-check all the information, ensure the fields are filled in correctly, the PNG images are clearly displayed, and click submit. Once approved by Meta, your page will be ready to start earning money from Reels, Stories, and long videos. This not only opens up earning opportunities, but also allows your page to participate in a unified monetization experience across the entire platform. You can see the progress bar running from 0% to 100%. This is the process where Meta verifies the page information and content you provided. When complete, a message will appear, "Invitation request sent successfully. Meta is reviewing your eligibility for the unified monetization program." This means your request has been successfully submitted, and Meta is reviewing it for approval to participate in the unified monetization program. And now, going back to our page, you'll see the immediate change. The previous not eligible status has changed to eligible to start earning dot. This means your page has received an invitation from Facebook content monetization, and you can now start setting up monetization programs like Reels, Stories, and long videos. You'll see instructions on agreeing to the terms, setting up a payment account, and managing monetized content, all clearly displayed in the professional dashboard. This proves that if you followed the correct preparation steps, from checking the page, downloading the support files, extracting them, filling out the form, to submitting, Facebook will quickly review and grant monetization permission to your page. Thank you for watching the video. If you found this tutorial helpful, please like, subscribe, [music] and turn on notifications so you don't miss the latest tips on making money on Facebook. See you in the next video.

  Top Comments:
  1. @ExtentionsAdvertisingFacebook [241 likes]: 👉 DOWNLOAD: https://drive.google.com/file/d/1WFdt94S92O3hX8_7GxkSXjSwxvlWF32b/view
  2. @randyrichardsSon: very useful tutorial for facebook monetization
  3. @GregoryRobertCooper: क्या इससे page जल्दी eligible हो सकता है
  4. @NoahMarieAllen: AWESOME CONTENT THANK YOU
  5. @benjaminsanders1997: NICE GUIDE KEEP POSTING
  6. @EthanGeraldMurphy: FACEBOOK MAKES THIS TOO CONFUSING 😅
  7. @LawrenceMorris.5223: Great tutorial worked perfectly for my page
  8. @JohnLouisAlvarez: My page changed to eligible after 3 days
  9. @ethanwilliams1992: can i monetize immediately after becoming eligible
  10. @LouisRaymondRodriguez: ขอบคุณมากครับ ช่วยได้จริง 👍
  11. @StephenTerryLewis: สามารถใช้กับ reels bonus ได้ไหมครับ
  12. @ArthurPatrickRoberts: Bahut useful video bhai
  13. @ChristopherLawrenceGreen: saya berhasil setelah ikut tutorial ini
  14. @Charles.Walker: वीडियो बहुत काम आया धन्यवाद
  15. @ArthurRichardYoung_6336: thanks now i understand the monetization requirements
  16. @RoyHenryGreen: CAN I FIX NOT ELIGIBLE WITHOUT CREATING NEW PAGE
  17. @zacharycamNpbell: this is exactly what i needed
  18. @GabrielArthurTorres: 제 페이지 다시 수익 창출 가능해졌어요
  19. @stephenwalker2009: 감사합니다 덕분에 해결했어요
  20. @dSonaldbailey: I was about to give up before watching this

- How to Scale Beyond Facebook Using Story-Based Advertising | Sarah Sal | PPC Zone April 2026: Kind: captions Language: en PPC Zone is proudly sponsored by Optmyzr, Usercentrics, and Two Trees PPC. Two Trees PPC asks, "Do you ever feel like your PPC campaigns look good in platform, but don't translate to real growth?" At Two Trees PPC, they'll connect your ads to what actually matters: revenue, pipeline, and lead quality. So, you're not just optimizing for clicks, you're optimizing for quality. Learn more at twotreesppc.com. Usercentrics says, "As e-commerce brands move beyond Google, tracking gets more complex and privacy risks increase. Cookiebot manages user consent transparently, while Usercentrics server-side tracking helps keep data flowing reliably across channels with more control. If you're diversifying paid media, this setup helps you scale without sacrificing trust or measurement. Learn more at consent.ppc.zone." Optmyzr says, "If you're feeling overwhelmed by the AI shift in search, you need to check out Fred Vallaeys' new book, The AI Amplified Marketer. It's the ultimate guide to using GenAI to supercharge your marketing without losing the human touch. Then, you can experience it firsthand with Optmyzr's latest Sidekick release. Try Optmyzr today at ai.ppc.zone." First up in the zone is a Facebook and LinkedIn ads specialist with seven figures in Facebook ad spend under her belt. Today, she's here to share her perspective on how to scale beyond Facebook using story-based advertising on LinkedIn and TikTok. Please welcome Sarah Sal. It's a pleasure to be here, and thank you for having me. So, one day, I got a threatening email from Facebook telling me to stop interfering in elections. The ads? They were ads about Photoshop course to the point where when I talked to the rep, I had to say, "I don't know which country you're from, but during the election, do you politician talk about Photoshop, right?" It's frustrating. Um I had another client that helped people treat insomnia, and we were accused of running x-rated ads. Nothing x-rated about insomnia, I could assure you, but for 3 months, we could not run any ad, and revenue took a dip, right? Um if you're hacked, Facebook ad support is like talking to the wall, right? So, you don't want to put all your Even even if Facebook is good for you, even if Meta is generating revenue, one, you don't want to put all your egg in one basket because for whatever stupid reason Facebook might ban you. And second, if you want to get more revenue, more client, one of the best way is to jump on new platform. Often in B2B, I tell client, "Why don't you try LinkedIn?" And they tell me, "Do I look like I'm as rich as one of those two cats? Do I need to sell my kidney, or should I stop feeding my cat caviar and lobster?" And it's no surprise. It's no surprise that people assume LinkedIn is extremely expensive because the average cost per click is $5.78, and I audited ad account in the United States where the cost per click was as high as $20. But it doesn't have to be that way if you do your work really well. This is a campaign, a webinar I run, and I was getting leads for $3.14. I repeat one more time. I was getting not clicks, leads, as in people going to a landing page, giving us their email, and each one of those leads cost us $3.14. On 875 ad spend, we got 3.3 x ROI, so almost $3,000 on a course that cost between 400 and 700 and say between 400 and $700. Just to show you could have a good ROI on LinkedIn without selling a product that cost 100,000 to enterprise um companies. In contrast on contrast on Facebook, our cost per lead was as high as $21. We got some sales, but the ROI was like around 1 x compared to LinkedIn of 3.3. I'm not saying LinkedIn is always better. Sometime it is, sometime it's not. I'm just saying try both, right? I let the number tell you which one is what. So, this is something interesting if I go to Facebook interface and I say, "Give me the number of people who have a chief executive officer job title and who work at Apple, Google, and Microsoft." 24,000. I didn't know that Microsoft had 24,000 SEO. It just showed that targeting B2B targeting on Facebook is not as good as LinkedIn. And actually I have a funny story. I think this was like maybe 15 years ago when people would run follower campaigns on Facebook to get more people to like the page. And the clients like, "Hey, let's target SEO." Thinking that, my god, the SEO of a big company would follow me. And when I checked the profile of some of the people who liked the page, the job title was CEO at lovemaking. I don't think that's the type of CEO he had in mind. So, LinkedIn is clearly superior when it comes to B2B targeting. Um you have something on Facebook called interest targeting, right? There is a university where they got very famous viral for having the police pepper spray people into their eye and face. And then they hired a search engine optimization agency trying to remove So, each time people type their name that they don't appear in the first result, and this article went viral on Facebook, right? So, now you interacted with this post, Facebook said, "Hey, you're interested in the topic of search engine optimization even if you couldn't care less just because you interacted with that piece of content talking about SEO. It just shows how Facebook interest targeting is not that exact. Here is a loophole, or here is a secret to get good results from LinkedIn. To have good results, you need high CTR. Average CTR is is around 0.5, but if you see here, 2.3, we're almost five times higher than the average CTR. My secret storytelling. Don't go to AI and ask, AI, please write me 100 ad. When everybody is using AI, what makes you stand out is your unique story, unique perspective, the unique story of your client that other people cannot replicate because it's unique for you. And storytelling is one of the most powerful way of capturing people's attention. Um same thing. The This is an ad for telemedicine, and you see here, 6.2 are CTR, like all way like 12 times the average. Again, I used storytelling. I mean, for the story, this is Stephanie. She used to work as a nurse practitioner, and everyone at the clinic is like, "Hey, I want to see Tiffany. I want to see Tiffany. I want to see Tiffany." But, she generated $1 of revenue for the clinic, and at the end of her work day, she was forced to work 5 hour of overtime, right? And when she asked for a tiny increase and they laughed in her face and she said, "I felt so insulted, I left, right?" There is some drama. Drama like this attract people. Um, this is how I got like 4.5 X ROI on a high ticket course regarding telemedicine. TikTok is another one. I got like 0.32 leads um to a lead magnet. Um, you see here, we got like 462 leads, 0.30 British pounds, so maybe half a dollar per lead. Not too bad. And here's story. Actually, there is a parrot, and this is a real story. He used to speak English with a British accent, disappeared, came back speaking Spanish. And then I tell the story and I see, "How does that help you to a talent Spanish?" We turn it into a TikTok ad. The thing about TikTok, people hate being sold to, but they love listening to a story. And once you gave them a story, it's easier to sell to them at the end. So, I'm just going to show you what the video looked like. >> Parrots obviously know a thing or two about learning Spanish. In California, a parrot named Rocco, which was lost for four years, was returned to its owner after four years speaking Spanish. The discovery happened when a vet found this missing parrot and used a microchip to track the parrot down to its original owner. But, instead of speaking English, the parrot was now speaking Spanish, saying things like "Soy de Panama" and "Que paso" instead of English. The parrot's method was simple. He just kept repeating words and phrases that he heard often from his new owner. Daily words and phrases and sure enough after a while he was speaking Spanish. For you to embrace this that come with free >> And of course at the end you have a call to action and this was an ad that not only got view, it got click, it got opt-in, and it got sales for the course, right? It just so shows how powerful storytelling is. And then finally, there's only so much I could say in 7 minutes. If you want to learn more about how to get crazy ROI with your ad, whether it's LinkedIn, whether it's Facebook, whether it's TikTok, using storytelling, I have a free book for you that I show how I got 1,280% ROI by using storytelling. Just scan the QR code or go to the URL in front of you and you could get the book for free. You could replicate exactly what I did. You don't even need uh to thank me. And yeah, it was a pleasure to be here and I'm looking forward to everybody question and answers later today. Thank you so much Sarah for sharing your unique perspective and insights with us in the zone. I learned a lot and I had some good laughs here as well as I'm sure our audience did from your storytelling. If you'd like to connect with Sarah Sall, you can find her on LinkedIn. Our next event will be in June 2026. If you would like to apply to speak at an upcoming event, you can do so on our website at ppc.zone. Thank you one more time to our sponsors, Usercentrics, Optimizer, and Two Trees PPC for supporting our mission to elevate new perspectives and insights in our industry. You can learn more about Optimizer at ai.ppc.zone. You can learn more about Usercentrics at consent.ppc.zone. Those are both affiliate links. And you can learn more about Two Trees PPC at twotreesppc.com. I'm your host Jill Saskin Gales. Be sure to follow me on LinkedIn and/or subscribe to my YouTube channel so you don't miss future PPC Zone events. I look forward to seeing you next time in the zone.

- Why My Custom Audience Facebook Ad Campaign is not Running?: Kind: captions Language: en [music] >> Hello viewers. In this video, I'm going to answer a most asked question. Why my custom audience [music] Facebook ad is not running, right? Many times, what happens that you run a Facebook ad campaign on a custom audience [music] and your ad campaign do not deliver. Then, what could be the possible reasons [music] for that particular situation? The first situation is when your custom audience size is too small to deliver ads, right? If your custom audience size is not sufficient, is not enough, then your ad may not deliver to your custom audience. This could be the one reason. [music] The second reason is your ad account is status. Might be you're having [music] issue with your ad account billing or your ad account is restricted. So, you need to check out the meta account quality. [music] Now, how to check meta account quality? If you want to know, then kindly visit our YouTube channel and check out our meta ads playlist. We have created a dedicated video on it. The third possible reason can be like your ad campaign has been disapproved. Might be your ad creative is [music] flagged or your ad creative is disapproved by meta because of some reasons like might be it consists some keywords that are like a negative keywords. That's why meta have disapproved [music] your ad creative. It could be the possible reason, right? That what kind of ad creative you are using is inappropriate. The fourth reason of your ad campaign that is not serving to your custom audience could be of integration, right? Might be you're using Zapier [music] or Pabbly, right? And that particular automation workflow [music] is not working or you have set up that particular workflow [music] inappropriately that it is not transferring the custom audience to the Facebook custom audience, right? So, that could be also a reason that your integrations [music] are not working fine. That's why custom audience is not getting created and that is the reason your [music] Facebook ad campaign is not serving, right? And the fifth most common reason [music] that your ad campaign is not getting served to your custom audience is the technical [music] glitch. It could be from Facebook side also like there might be any bug due [music] to which like your ad campaign is not getting served [music] to your custom audience. It could be Facebook technical glitch or meta technical glitch >> [music] >> at that point of time or it could be because of >> some browser glitch as well. So, for that reason, you [music] can like clear your cache and cookies of your browser or you can try running ad campaign from the another system or like using [music] another browser. Might be your ad campaign will start serving. Else, you can contact the meta support team for it and they will tell you what is the [music] actual reason behind your ad campaign not getting [music] served to your custom audience. If you want to learn digital marketing course [music] in detail, then kindly check out our video description. I have mentioned my website link over there. Just simply visit our website, explore our digital marketing course and you can purchase [music] the course from there. Thank you so much. If you want to learn digital marketing for free, then subscribe Digital Bikaner YouTube channel right now.

- How to Export Facebook Group Members Data in 2026 (Already Approved Members): Kind: captions Language: en Hi everyone. In this quick tutorial, I'll show you how to view the joining answers of already approved members in a Facebook group. Let's get started. Step one, go to your Facebook group. Make sure you have admin or moderator permissions, otherwise you won't be able to access this data. Step two, from your group dashboard, look at the left sidebar. Scroll down and click on the activity log. Step three, filter approved members. Now use the top filter panel to narrow down the results. Here you can either search for a specific member by name if you get data for a specific member or filter by the date when the member was approved. Step four, once you find the member in the activity list, click on the member's name to open their profile panel. Step five, scroll down inside the profile panel. Look for the section labeled membership questions. Click on view answers. You'll now see the original join answers the member submitted when they requested access to the group. Keep these important points in mind. Facebook only shows membership answers if questions were enabled at the time the member joined. This data is view only and must be accessed one member at a time. Facebook does not provide a native bulk export option. And that's it. This is how you can view already approved members join answers in a Facebook group. Great news, you can collect data from every new Facebook group member request automatically with group boss. So you don't have to collect group members data manually anymore. Try it free for 7

- How to Set Up Profitable Facebook Ads in 2026 (No Fluff): Kind: captions Language: en What's up, guys? Welcome to the most powerful and the fastest Facebook ads training you'll ever see on the internet. All right, in this video, I'm going to show you guys how to make more sales in your business than you ever have using Facebook ads. It's going to be no fluff. I'm going to share my screen and show you guys how to set up an ad top to bottom exactly the way that we do it. All right, let's get into it. >> We rich from anywhere, baby, baby. >> So, the first thing you're going to do is you're going to jump into your ads manager. Don't boost your post. That's a great way to lose all your money. Run it from the ads manager like this. Now, I'm assuming you've already got your ads manager set up. If you don't have that set up yet, you're going to want to use our sevenstep blueprint to show you how to get all this set up. We'll drop the link in the description for that as well. But if you already have all that set up, you're going to come to your ads manager and you're going to click this green button that says create. And then this box is going to pop up right here. Now, this is asking you to choose your campaign objective. This is basically Facebook saying what do you want to accomplish, right? And it's going to give you all these different options right here. Now, it's very important for you to understand that Facebook is like a magic genie that's going to give you exactly what you ask for, but nothing more. Okay? So, if you click on awareness, what's going to happen is you're going to get a ton of views and a bunch of awareness, but you're not going to make any sales, right? If you click on traffic, you're going to get a bunch of link clicks and a bunch of traffic, but you're not going to get any sales. Okay? So, if that's what you want, then click that. But I understand that a lot of people watching this video probably want leads or sales. So, if you want leads, click leads. If you want sales, click sales. So, for this instance, in this video, I'm going to go ahead and choose sales and then I'm going to hit continue. Then, it's going to pop up this screen and we're going to start creating your campaign. So, now we're at the campaign level, and we're going to go ahead and name this campaign. Okay? So, what I want you to do here is put in whatever it is, you know, the the objective of this campaign, like what is it that you're trying to sell? So, for this example, I'm going to act like I'm selling my Facebook ads accelerator course. So, I'm just going to put in accelerator course. And then what you want to do is you want to put the date that you plan on launching this campaign. Just like that. Now you're going to scroll down and you're going to see that you have two different types of budget strategies. You can do campaign budget or adset budget. I would recommend doing campaign budget and then just set your budget right here. Now, if you're just getting started, you're going to want to spend somewhere between 10 and 20 bucks per day. You don't need to spend any more than that. If you're looking to get results faster, you can spend more. But all that's going to do is just going to get you more views faster, more data faster, right? But you if you don't have that budget, you don't have to spend it, right? Let's just start with something like 20 bucks a day. Okay, cool. Now, we're done. All you have to do now is hit next on the bottom right. Now, what's going to happen is it's going to take you to the next step in the ads setup, right? So, this is called the ads set level here. The adset level is where you set up your targeting and you tell Facebook, you know, who you're trying to target and all that kind of stuff. The first part, conversion location. If you're driving people to a website or a funnel, you're going to want to choose website. Then you're going to scroll down. The next part is very important. You need to make sure that you select the correct pixel. Okay? So, a pixel is a way for us to track all the events and all the actions that are happening on your funnel and on your website so that Facebook knows what's going on, right? Make sure that this pixel is installed on the website or on the funnel that you're taking people to. It's very very important that you do that. If you don't handle this part right, your ads will not work properly. Okay? Just want to make that very clear. Then it asks for the conversion event, right? So this is where Facebook's like, "Okay, I know you you want conversions, but what specific type of conversion do you want?" Right? Do you want add to carts? Do you want sales? Do you want something custom? So you're going to want to drop down and you're going to tell it specifically what type of conversion you're looking for. In this case, I'm going to choose purchase. Then I'm going to scroll down and you're going to set your start date. You always want to start your ads the next morning. So, I'm going to do July 19th and let's just do 7 a.m. Eastern time because that's what people start to wake up and start looking at their phones, right? Then you're going to scroll down and this is the audience. So, this is where you're telling Facebook who you want to target. So, Facebook's automatically going to put Advantage Plus on. And Advantage Plus is basically Facebook's AI, right? So, this is like you saying, "Facebook, hey, go ahead and do all the targeting for me, right? Do all the heavy lifting for me." Sometimes it works. So, you can test it, but I found that it works better when you have a lot of data in your account already and you've been running ads a lot. If you have a brand new account, it might not work as well. So, you might want to go ahead and do um your own targeting. So, what you can do is click on this little ad suggestions, and what's going to happen is it's going to pop up some targeting options for you. So, this is where it's really important for you to know who your ideal client is and be very honest about that. So, if you know that, look, most people who buy my stuff are 25 to 65, right? So, you're going to go ahead and do that and just choose 25 and uh 65 plus, right? Then, you can choose the genders. You can leave it open or you can do one or the other. It's whatever your ideal client is. Then, this part right here is the detail targeting. So, this is where you can either leave this broad if you want to. We've seen that work for a lot of people. Or if you want to go ahead and throw in a couple interest, uh you can do that too just by hitting this little pencil and then adding in an interest. So I'm targeting business owners. So for instance, what I can do is I can type in entrepreneurship and you'll see that entrepreneurship, business, and finance pops up. So I can go ahead and do that. That's a very huge audience. Look at this guys. Look, just this one interest. If you look over here on the right hand side, 822 million to 967 million people just in that one interest. Okay, there are more people on Facebook and Instagram than you even could ever serve in a 100 lifetimes, right? So, it's kind of insane. So, you can either do one interest or you can actually click in this little box right here. And now, because you already put a base interest in, it will start to give you other relevant options as well. So you can also do like small business if you want to and you can drop that in there. So now it's not really important how many interests that you put in. What's more important is your audience size. So you can go in here and click on estimated audience size and you can see that it's 83 million to 98 million people are are in my estimated audience size right now. Right? So it's a huge audience. That's what works the best for Facebook right now. Okay, perfect. That's done. You can leave automatic placements. You can leave that just as it is. You're good with this section. Now, the only thing you'll need to do here is just go ahead and label your adset name. And you can label it whatever targeting that you've chose, right? So, I can go ahead and just put in business owners because that's basically, you know, who I'm targeting. Then, once you've done that, go ahead and hit next on the bottom right hand corner. So, now we're at the third and final stage of the ad creation process. So, this is the ad level. So, this is where we actually upload your video or your image and we write all the words for your for your ad. So, first thing is make sure your Facebook and your Instagram page are connected. It's very important. Then scroll down. Make sure that this says create ad. Make sure this says manual upload. Make sure this says single image or video. And then you're going to scroll down and the destination. This is where you're going to be taking people to. So, wherever whenever they click on the link in your ad, this is the link that they're going to go to. So, what I'll do is I'll go over and I'll go to my landing page that I'm going to take people to and I will copy the link to it and I will go ahead and just paste this right here. So, that way when people click the link in the ad, it's going to take them to that page. All right, cool. Then you're going to scroll down and you're going to go to the ad creative section. So, this is where you actually upload your image or your video. So, if you click on this, it'll ask you which one you want to do. Sometimes images work good, sometimes videos work good. So, you have to split test. So, in this case, I'm going to go ahead and do a video ad because video ads do typically work the best for us. Um, then it's going to pop up this box. You can go ahead and just hit next on this. And then this is where all your videos will be. So, you can either upload videos directly from your computer. You can take videos that are already from your Instagram page or in your account. Right? So, for instance, I will take this video right here, which is a clip from me speaking on Ryan Pana's podcast, and he was asking us some questions about um Facebook ads. So, I'll go ahead and take this clip, and I will hit skip and continue. Now, if you're doing automatic placements, I would recommend changing all the different aspect ratios so that they look good in different places on Facebook. And you can actually crop, too. Like, so if you want to put your face in it, you can crop it like this. So that way, no matter where people see this ad, it looks native and it looks good, right? So then go ahead and hit next. And then I would highly recommend that you don't put your primary text right here. It screws things up a lot of times for me. So go ahead and hit next. We'll put in your primary text later. Then Facebook a lot of times is going to ask you to make enhancements and all these different things. I would right now I would advise against it because we've seen that sometimes you go ahead and hit turn off. Sometimes Facebook can make adjustments to your ad and it just looks wild, right? So, I would recommend just turning all these enhancements off and then hit done. Okay, cool. Now, you can see that the video has popped up and it's actually loading right now. So, the next part is actually putting the primary text. So, this is going to be the words that you see above the video and on Instagram is the words that are below the video. So, inside of our mentorship program, we have a bunch of different AI tools that help you just do things a lot faster. And this is one of them called Ad Copy Genius. So, what we've done is we've taken a bunch of the different winning ads that we've seen work over the past 10 years, and we've uploaded them into this huge document, and we've basically created this amazing prompt on the back end. So now all you have to do is come here, click this button right here, and it's going to say, "I want you to analyze the words on my website, and then write a Facebook ad primary text that will effectively sell what I'm offering. Ask me for the link to analyze, and then immediately start writing the copy for me." All right. So then all you have to do is go and get the link for whatever website or funnel that you're promoting. So, I'll go ahead and go over to our accelerator course, which by the way, this this course right here is literally a culmination of us running ads for like 10 years, and we've packed everything that we've learned in 10 years into this course. And we've gotten so many amazing results. We have a money back guarantee. You guys can check it out if you want to, right? But anyway, I'm going to take the link to this page and I'm going to come back over here and I'm going to drop it right here. And what's going to happen is CatchBT is going to go ahead and look at this link and it's going to analyze all the copy, all the words and all the offers on that page and it's going to write ads that will help me sell that specific product. Right? So it's going to give us five different variations as well. Right? So one is going to be more pain oriented and it's going to be short form. One's going to be pain oriented but long form. One's going to be more outcomebased and it's going to be like medium length. One's going to be more disruptive and kind of crazy. And then one's going to be more educational. Right? So, it's going to have like five different primary text options that are completely different. So, we can split test. So, all we have to do at this point is to literally just copy each option and paste it in the primary text. If you want to split test multiple with ones, you can go ahead and hit add text option like this. Come back over and copy and paste. Guys, literally, I don't know how much more easy we can make this, right? If you guys have been running ads for a long time, you know how long it used to take to do this. So, this is like there's literally no excuses. If you want to grow your business using Facebook ads, like it this is the best time for you to ever take advantage of this opportunity, right? Cuz look, I can literally just copy and paste all of this stuff and just paste it right in here, right? So, anyway, you guys get the get the deal here. The other thing that you have to do is you have to add in headlines. So, the headline is going to be down here at the bottom of the of the ad. And my AI tool actually gives you four different headlines for you to choose from. I would only recommend using two, but you can choose two of the best ones, right? So, run ads that actually convert. Okay, cool. That's good. So, I'll copy that, paste it into the headline, and then add another headline option right here. And we can say stop paying, stop overpaying agencies now, right? Because that's one of the things that we actually help people do is we help people stop having to pay for agencies and now they can just run ads themselves or we come in and just train your team on how to run ads. If you have like a marketer or like an assistant or somebody who you want to be your own in-house marketer, we come in and we train those people and now you don't have to rely on thirdparty agencies anymore. That's literally what we specialize in. So, um, drop it in just like that. Boom. Done. All right. One last thing I want to show you guys is make sure you have your call to action on learn more. That's what has worked the best for us. And make sure that you have this website events box checked. Okay, very important. Now, just come in and you just name your ad. I'll just put in this is Ryan Peneda clip. And then again, if you want to split test, which I would highly recommend doing, all you have to do is click these three dots right here. Let me move my face out of the way. Hit quick duplicate. And it's going to duplicate everything that I just did. And now you can see that this is a copy. Now, because I already put in all my primary text and my links and everything in here, now all I have to do is click trash right here and just go ahead and add a different video or maybe an image. So, I can actually click on an image this time just to switch it up. Hit next. And it's going to pull up a bunch of different images that I have in my account. Let's just say I want to use this image right here where we're actually teaching u one of our VIPs. We actually fly out to people as well. So, this is another thing that we do is, you know, for our VIP clients, we actually fly out to their location and we train them and their team on the spot for 2 days straight. So, this is actually us doing that. So, you can see that as well. Again, make sure that everything looks good. The text and everything is already there because we did it first and then copied it. All right, then hit next. Now, this is where AI is going to come in. And AI can actually come in and um change the background and change a bunch of stuff. You can do that if you want to, but this image is exactly the way that I want it. So, I'm not going to do that. Again, make sure that these enhancements are off. So, now everything looks good. All I'm going to do now is just change the ad name. And I'll just put in like VIP mastermind pick just so I know like what this creative is. Right. So now guys at this point this is set up. Now all you have to do is hit publish and launch it and let the traffic start coming in. And what's going to happen is all this data is going to start popping into your account. And this data is literally showing you what's working and what's not working. Right? Facebook it has the best data in the world better than any other platform. Right? So now all you have to do is read that data and figure out, okay, should I switch things up? Should I scale it up, take it from 20 bucks a day to 500 a day to a,000 a day. We have clients in our program that spend $5,000 a day in ads. Some of them spend more than that. And you know, they're just blowing up their business and it's just it's crazy, right? So take advantage of this. So if this has been helpful and you want us to come in and train your team or train you on how to do this stuff better, we actually have multiple different types of mentorship programs. You can click below, schedule a call with us, and we can see if we can help, right? But hopefully this video has been helpful for you. Share it with a friend. Comment if you have questions.

  Top Comments:
  1. @nokoo360 [1 likes]: This is awesome! Thank you 😀
  2. @JeanRBordes [1 likes]: Saw you guys on the podcast with Omar. Very knowledgeable, thanks for the content. Signing up for your program today.
  3. @ChickenFriedBBQ [1 likes]: very helpful! thanks
  4. @deitykush: My pixel says it's working from my wix site but it will not activate from the meta side for nothing.  It's been weeks.  I follow every piece of instruction I find on the net.
  5. @deitykush: Went post you all 100 when udemy had 9.99 courses.  Real question.
  6. @joiiesque47: My dashboard doesn’t show a conversation event. Am I missing something?
  7. @ahmetkoc6503: We want to make a purchase in the conversion event, of course, but should we start this way with the new pixel too?
  8. @danieldahl1685: Is there a way I can access the chat bot?
  9. @cheryllawwhite266: No access to promised report. Click BAIT!

- How to CRUSH Meta Ads with a Small Budget in 2026: Kind: captions Language: en If you believe you need a massive budget to win with Meta Ads in 2026, you're wrong. If your Facebook Ads haven't generated the leads and sales you're looking for, I'm here to tell you it is not because you don't have enough money. It's probably because you're thinking like a big brand. Small budgets don't lose because they're small. They lose because they're scattered, constantly tinkered with, spread thin, pointed at everyone, obsessed with vanity metrics, and chasing unrealistic returns. Meanwhile, there are small business owners that I know are generating consistent leads and sales every single day on $20, $50, $100 a day because we have cracked the code on how to crush Meta Ads with a small budget in 2026. Today, I'm going to show you exactly how to win that game. Five steps, no fluff, no just go viral nonsense. Just real strategy that works for real small businesses when money is tight and every dollar matters. And in case you don't know, I'm Brandy with Life Marketing, the digital marketing agency with a mission to help small businesses grow. We've driven over $272 million in revenue for small businesses to date using social media ads alone. So, that doesn't even count the results we've driven from Google Ads or email. You can click the link below to get a free custom marketing proposal and quote to go with it if you want to see what it would be like to have us handle all of your ads for you. Otherwise, let's get into it with step one. Stop touching your ads every day. And before you click out because you think this is obvious or not real advice, I am telling you exactly what worked for the small businesses whose results you just saw. So, you let me know if this sounds familiar. You launch a campaign. Day one, no sales. Day two, cost per click is high. Day three, still no sales. Day four, you panic and change something. You add a new creative. You adjust the targeting. You change the budget a little. Maybe you just create a new campaign entirely. You're thinking it's a fresh start, but the reality is now Meta asks you start over. Here's what you need to understand. Meta goes through what's called a learning phase. During that period, it is aggressively testing who to show your ads to, when to show them, which placements work best, which frequency converts, and which users inside your audience are most likely to take action. With a small budget, that learning takes longer because you're generating fewer conversions. If you keep adjusting your ads every 48 hours, you are forcing Meta to restart its learning phase over and over and over again. You never let the system stabilize long enough to optimize. So, I know you might not want to hear this, but small budgets require patience. All the results I showed you at the beginning of this video are real small business clients of ours, and they were results from within a 30-day period, but hear me, they did not get those within the first 30 days of working with us. So, set a rule for yourself and no major changes for at least 7 days, sometimes even 10 to 14 days depending on conversion volume. You can analyze performance during that time. You can prepare new creatives to have them ready. You can plan improvements and all of that, but don't actually change anything in Facebook Ads Manager yet because if you do, you're just resetting the machine. Meta's algorithm is powerful, but it needs clean data and time in order to be powerful. So, when you stop helicopter parenting your ads, you give the system the chance to actually do its job. Step two, stop trying to sell to everyone. Small budgets cannot afford broad messaging. Big brands can run generic ads because they have enough money to reach everybody multiple times. You don't. If your messaging sounds like it's meant for anyone who might be interested, you are blending into the noise and burning cash. Small budgets win by being specific. For instance, instead of premium skin care, say acne-safe skin care for women in their 30s who are tired of products that make it worse. The more specific you get, the more your ideal customer feels like you're talking directly to them. And when someone feels understood, they pay attention. Plus, the way the Meta Ads algorithm works now is it studies your ad creative, copy, and so on, and chooses who to show your ad to based on those things, not just the targeting that you've set. So, if you're being specific in your ads, it helps Meta find your exact target audience sooner. So, if you're thinking to yourself, "Okay, how can I be more specific on who my ad is for?" Look at your existing customers and ask yourself these questions. Who spends the most? Who complains the least? Who buys again? Who refers others? The answer to those questions will help you discover your audience lane. So, re-engineer your messaging around that person. Talk about their exact pain points. Highlight benefits that matter to them, and use language that they would use. If you're operating on a tight budget, clarity beats reach every single time. And once you're speaking clearly to the right person, you need to make sure your objective matches your goal, which brings us to step three. Only run sales or lead campaigns. If your budget is small, you do not have the luxury of getting your name out there. Brand awareness campaigns are for companies with deep pockets and long time horizons. You need revenue. So, when you're picking your campaign objective, it's important to remember that Meta's algorithm is literal. If you tell it to optimize for engagement with an engagement campaign, it will find people who like and comment. If you tell it to optimize for traffic with a traffic campaign, it will find you people who click, not click and convert. If you want leads, run a leads campaign. If you want sales, run a sales campaign. Point blank period. Because the leads campaign optimizes for qualified leads. The sales campaign optimizes for purchases, not just clicks. When money is tight, every campaign should have a direct path to the actual conversion goal you want. So, think of your first campaigns as your testing ground for a repeatable system. Once that system produces consistent leads or sales at a profitable cost, that's when growth compounds. And if you want to reduce wasted testing in your ad spend even further, there's a smarter way to approach your creatives. So, step four, copy what's already working. One of the biggest advantages you have in 2026 is transparency. Meta Ads Library exists, people. Your competitors' ads are public, and while you cannot see the exact results on all of your competitors' ads, you can likely trust that if an ad has been running for 6 months or longer, it's probably working for that business. Small budgets cannot afford expensive guesswork. So, instead of trying to invent something completely new from scratch, model what's proven in your industry. Look at what angles your competitors are using, whether they lead with testimonials or pain points, if they use UGC-style videos or user-generated content-style videos or polished brand content, how their headlines are structured, what kind of offers are they promoting. You are not copying word for word, you are modeling structure and strategy. Everybody say that with me, modeling, not plagiarizing. If you notice that three top competitors all lead with customer results in the first 5 seconds of their video, that should be a signal to you on what you need to include in the first 5 seconds of your video ad. If you see long-form educational ads consistently running, that's a signal. If testimonial-style creatives dominate your industry, that's a signal. This shortcut saves you thousands in failed experiments. When budgets are small, the goal is not innovation for the sake of it. The goal is traction. And once you have traction, then you refine, which brings us to the mindset shift that makes or breaks small businesses advertising. Step five, be realistic about profit. this is the hardest pill to swallow, but I am nothing if not real with you guys on this channel. Most small advertisers think they need a 10x return on ad spend to succeed. They don't. Now, don't get me wrong, we've had way higher than 10x returns for a lot of our small business clients. I'm not saying it's impossible or something you shouldn't aspire towards, but when your product sells for a thousand and you acquire a customer for 300, that's a 3.3x return. Some people will look at that and say that's not amazing, but if your margins allow it and you can reinvest that profit into more ads, you've now built a machine that can gradually and sustainably start growing. That's exactly what we did with our health coach client who's now generated over 10,000 leads and over 23,000 purchases through our ads. So, you see how it worked out for them. Now, as you scale, your return on ad spend will likely decrease a tad. That is normal. The first group of buyers is always the easiest to convert. The more you expand, the more expensive it becomes to acquire each new additional customer. Smart businesses don't chase the percentages, they chase profit volume. Let me put it this way. Would you rather have a 10x return on 5,000 ad spend or a 4x return on a hundred thousand dollars ad spend? The second option makes far more money, but it is a lower return on ad spend. If you can generate consistent leads at a cost that makes sense for your margins and you can close those leads effectively, you have leverage. And leverage combined with a sustainable ad system like this turns small budgets into larger ones. So, crushing Meta Ads with a small budget in 2026 is not about hacking the algorithm. It's about discipline. Set up your ads properly and stop touching them constantly. Speak directly to one specific customer instead of everyone. Focus only on campaigns that drive real conversions. Model proven ads in your industry instead of guessing. And accept a realistic profitability and reinvest consistently. If you want help building that kind of disciplined growth system for your business, make sure you click the link below. And remember, your budget doesn't determine your ceiling, your strategy does.

  Top Comments:
  1. @LizaDedeTetteh [2 likes]: What if I want sales but don’t have website can I use WhatsApp
  2. @MsAllybee123 [1 likes]: I am running a catalog ad for a clothing brand.  When I create new products, they're being added to the catalog. Does that reset the algorithm when running catalog ads, even if we change nothing in Ads Manager?
  3. @LYFEMarketingAtlanta: Want us to grow your business so you can focus on running it? Get a free, custom quote and proposal here: https://www.lyfemarketing.com/services/social-media-advertising-services/?utm_source=YouTube&utm_medium=metaadssmallbudget&utm_campaign=apr12026
  4. @alexiscorrigan1765: Great video
  5. @anuragsapkota6458: You are so great for uploading this video. Thank you so very much.
  6. @roofedbv: Thank you so much really good video, but i have a question: how should the ad structure look like or were should i implement new creatives? I have one Campaign with one Ad-Set with 2 Ads that perform good. But when i ad a new Creative the new Creative gets all the spend and makes no results after 7 days and it's burning money and the ROAS shrinks (we spent 20€ per day on this Campaign). Should we make a Campaign to test new Creatives? Or what would you do in this Situation?

- ✅ Facebook Ads for Small Businesses (Complete 2026 Step-by-Step Guide): Kind: captions Language: en If you're a small business owner and Facebook ads have confused you, you've wasted your money or it has made you feel like ads only work for big brands, this video is for you. Whether you sell a product or you offer a service, Facebook ads can work for you in 2026. You only just need to understand how they really work. And today, I'll break it down in a very simple way. Hi, my name is Shalah from Bizlift. And on this channel, we help small business owners and digital marketers to understand ads and also online marketing. And we do this without the confusion and the hype. In this video, I walk you step by step through how Facebook ads work for small businesses in 2026 using real examples for both product based and servicebased businesses. No shortcuts, no guessing, just clarity. Why exactly does small businesses fail at Facebook ads? You see, most small businesses don't fail at Facebook ads because Facebook ads don't work. They actually fail because they approach ads the wrong way. For example, a product based business selling skincare might boost a post showing their cream and expect sales immediately. While a service-based business like a social media manager or a photographer might run an ad saying, "Hire me," and they wait for clients. The moment nothing happens, they conclude that ads don't work. You see, Facebook ads are not magic. Facebook ads are a system. So, how exactly does Facebook ad really work? Let's talk about that. Facebook ads have just three main jobs. Number one is to help you find the right people. Then number two, Facebook ads is going to help you show them the right message. Number three, Facebook ad is going to repeat it long enough for trust to form. So, Facebook is not just helping you to hunt for buyers. Facebook is looking for people most likely to respond to your message. So what happens is that when Facebook sees people watching your video, liking your post or commenting, Facebook learns exactly who resonates with your message. And that's why message matters more than your product. Now, here is the biggest mistake both products and service businesses make. You see, a lot of businesses talk about what they sell, not what people are struggling with. And that's a huge problem. Now, let's look at the three types of ads that every small business owner needs. Now, I'm going to be going into my screen. I'm going to be showing you a lot of things. Now, whether you sell products or services, you need these three types of ads. The first one, they're called awareness ads. You see, awareness ads are about the problem. They're not really about your offer. Now, let's look at a product based example. If you sell skincare, an awareness ad might say something like this. Are you still struggling with dark spots even after trying multiple creams? You see exactly what I'm saying? I did not mention any product here. I just mentioned a painoint. Now let's look at a service-based example. Let's say, for example, you are a service provider. Your awareness ad might say something like this. Are you posting every day but still not getting customers online? Again, no selling yet. It's just awareness. Now, let's look at how to set up an awareness ad quickly. I'm going to be showing you how this works. Now, the very first thing is that, of course, you need to look out for how to set up your account. If you don't know how to do this already, I have a video somewhere. I'm going to leave the link to that video somewhere on this video. You can watch that video and see exactly how you can set up your ad account. Set up your account so that you can start running ads. Right? If you have watched that video and you know how to do that already, let's get straight into how to create an awareness ad for your business. Now, the very first thing to understand is now we are on the ads manager. The first thing we want to do is we want to create a campaign. Understand that we're trying to run awareness ad. And the first thing you must understand is for an awareness ad, it's important to use the right campaign objective. If you use the wrong one, you most likely will get the wrong result. So what are the objectives to use when you are running an awareness ad? Now, right now, I'm going to tell you in 2026, you want to focus on two objectives that can really give you this result. One is traffic. The second is engagement. Now, for this, I'm going to be using engagement. Now, if you're doing engagement, it's very simple. Remember the the idea of this awareness ad is actually to get people to see what you do, not not necessarily sell. So what we want to do is to use engagement here. I'm going to click on continue. Right? And I'm going to use a manual engagement campaign. I'll click on continue again. Right now every time you run an ad, always remember there are three stages to it or three steps. So the first is the campaign, the second is the adset and the the third stage is the ad stage. Now on the campaign stage, we're just going to name the campaign and call it awareness. Okay, we just call it awareness here. Right? And we're going to come to where it says budget. Now for this type of campaign, here is what you want to do in 2026. Right? I'm not going to use the adset budget. I'm going to use the campaign budget. So what that means is that Meta is going to automatically distribute any amount I set amongst all my ads. So, they're going to look at the best opportunities across my campaign and help me distribute on which campaign or which creative is doing best. We're going to get there. Now, daily budget here, I'm going to keep it at let's say now because I'm doing a campaign budget, I'm going to do uh 20,000 here, right? Because remember this budget is going to be spread across multiple contents. Okay? So, here I'm going to put 20,000 and then I'm not doing AB test. That's all I'm doing here. I'm going to click next. Now, here is what you want to do, right? What you want to do is that on this second stage, which is the adset stage, we now want to talk about our conversion location. So, where are we trying to drive this engagement? So, we're going to use what is called on your ad. Okay, remember the goal is not for people to message you or to or selling. It's actually to get people to see you to know you, right? So, on your ad, then we're going to use agreement type as video views. Then our performance goal will be maximize true play views. So we'll come down here right and we set an end date. Now usually for your awareness adverts you want to do anything around 7 to 14 days. So I'm going to do from the 1st of January to the 7th of January. Okay. Now for this type of ad you want to keep your location as wide as possible. So let's say for example you are running this ads to Nigerians. So you want to focus on Nigeria as a whole. Remember, because this ad is awareness based, so because there's no selling involved, it's usually very cheap. So, you want to leave it as broad as possible. So, we're doing the entire Nigeria. Okay? So, once we click on Nigeria, it's fine. And if you're in the US or any other country, just do the entire country of where you are. Okay? So, then when we get to where it says advantage plus audience, we're going to use the audience suggestion. Now, here is what I want you to do here. The only thing I want you to put here is going to be the age. Now, you want to use an age of anywhere around 23 to about 50. That's a good range. Okay? Anywhere around 23 to about 50 is a good one. And then gender. Now, this is based on your business. If your business is gender bias, meaning your products are for men or women, you choose whichever one it is. Or if it's for both genders, you stick with all. Right? Then when it comes to the detail targeting, you want to leave that untouched because we are doing an awareness advert and we're trying to reach out to as much people as we can. Okay? So also for our placement, now this is what I want you to do for your placement. I want you to leave it as advantage plus placement. Now what this means is that meta is going to help us to maximize our budget to show our adverts to people, you know, that would most likely respond. So, we want to use advantage plus placement right here. Now, please follow me. Then, we're going to click next and go to the final stage of our ad setup for this awareness ad. Now, the final stage, of course, this is where we now put in the content for our ad. Now, here is what I'm going to do. I'm going to use an existing post that is already on my page under ad setup. Right now, I don't need to use threads, please. No need for threads. So I'm going to use now I'm going to click on select post and I'm going to select a post. Okay. So let's go to Instagram. I'm going to select a post right here. So I'm going to select this post. Okay. So follow me carefully so that you don't miss this. So once I select this post, now I'm going to wait for it to just um finish loading and and processing. Once that is done, all I'm going to do now is I'm going to come to where it says, can you see this three dots here to the left side of my screen? I'm going to click on that part and I'm going to click on duplicate. Now what I want to do is I want to duplicate to use multiple creatives. So I'm going to duplicate and then I'm going to just duplicate. I need just two copies or let's just say three or five. In fact, you can do up to five. So that means you'll be using five content for this awareness advert. This will give it a lot of varieties and it will make your ad to convert even better because you are giving meta a lot of options to work with. So I'm going to just number of copies here to five and I'm going to duplicate. So what you now see is that I have five different um ad copies. I mean you can see it here five different ads right. So not you can see it here. I have five different ads right here. This is the original one. Then the copies are like four. 1 2 3 4 5 making six. So I can delete one to make everything five. Let me just delete one to make everything five. So we have I mean four copies, one original. So you can see right here. So all I now have to do is go into all these copies one after the other and then I'm going to be changing the content there. So I'm going to click on change post. Going to go to my Instagram, right? Look for another post that I can use. Just close this. You click another post. Click on continue. So what that means would be that now I have another post for this. So I'm going to do the same thing across board for all the the other copies once I've changed. So each copy is going to have a different content. So I will have five different content for this ad. And then I can publish this ad. So this is exactly how to create an awareness ad for your business. Now, let's talk about the second type of ad you should run for your business. It's called consideration ads. Consideration ads are where you educate and you build trust. Let's look at a few examples. Now, we're going to go back to our skincare brand example. You see, a skincare brand can run a video explaining why most creams don't work and what ingredients actually help. Now, for a service-based business, a digital marketer can explain why most small businesses waste money on ads and what they should focus on instead. Now, the idea of this is that you are trying to educate people to position yourself. At this stage, you're positioning yourself as someone who understands the problem, and this is what is going to make you money. How do you run an ad for consideration? Now, let's quickly look at how that works. Now I'm going to close um this one, right? Let's just close this one and then I'm going to go to I'm going to create another campaign again. So click create. Now when you're running a consideration ad, it's different from awareness. A consideration ad now talks about, you know, you're still trying to do the same thing as awareness, but really the goal now would now be for people to start, you know, um commenting and all that. You want the good stuff. You want people to comment, to share, you want all those stuffs to happen, right? It's different from awareness where you're not really after anything, any sort of thing. But this is consideration. You want people to start to, you know, now drop comments and all that. So, let's me look at how that works. Now, for this type of ad, I can now start running a traffic based ad as well. I could either choose to run an engagement ad. Now, if your consideration video that you've created that I mentioned earlier, if it is a video that has a call to action where you're saying um maybe you're saying um send I mean comment this comment a word and then I'll send you a breakdown of how this works, right? Then you can do a lead generation ad because it's consideration. So, you can do a lead generation ad where you can start to generate leads. But if yours is just saying um yours your call to action could be visit my Instagram page if you want more videos like this or you want more tips like this. So if it's that then you want to do traffic. Now let's look at traffic quickly. Now I'm going to use the same method. So click on traffic. I'm going to click continue. And then I'm going to use a manual traffic campaign and then continue. Now here is what I'm going to be doing differently. Now everything stays the same. I'm going to be using a campaign budget. The idea of a campaign budget is very important right now. So I'm going to still be using the same amount, right? The same amount which is 20,000 naira, right? And then I'm going to come to right. No need for categories. Just next. Now the adsets here is where everything changes. Right on the conversion for this one, we're going to be doing Instagram or Facebook. We don't want them to message us. Instagram or Facebook. So what that means is that when they see our ad, it takes them to our Instagram profile or our Facebook profile, whichever one. So I want them to visit my Instagram profile. So I'm going to remove Facebook right here. So I just want them to visit my Instagram profile. Now I don't want them to do the two. I just want one platform. And I think I advise that for you as well. So all you have to do is of course set your end date. Now if you want to do this, you want to do anywhere between 14 days. So I would rather do 14 days for this or another 7 days if you want to. Now for location right now you have the option to stick with cities around your country. So if you're doing the whole of Nigeria instead of doing the whole of Nigeria like we did for awareness now you can now do just certain cities where you got the most traction when you did the awareness. Remember you ran your awareness ad for for 7 days already. You have enough data to know where people are coming from. you have enough data to understand that to understand how your ads worked and all that. So all you want to do now is you can now run these ads to these particular locations. All you have to do is just choose whether it's Lagos. So for me, I'll probably use Lagos here, you know, add some other cities like Abuja, right? And then add another city if you want to or just stick with these two. Whichever one you want to just focus on cities. Now all I want to do here again is the same thing we did previously, right? All we're going to do is now choose the age. Okay, so we're going to do say 23 this time around again. And then of course from our ads we know the age range that performed best. So we can stick with whatever age range performs best. So let's say it's 23 to 45, right? And then finally we can put in the gender. This time around also we don't need to use the detail targeting. In fact, the detail targeting is no longer something that you really want to use a whole lot more. It's not really about interest right now. It's about setting up your ads the best way for it for meta to be able to understand what your ad is about. Okay. So placement right now we can now start to use the manual placement because we already know the platforms that are giving us best results based on our awareness. So I'm going to choose for this. I probably understand that oh Instagram works best for me. I turn off Facebook as a platform and I only send people to Instagram platform. So my ads would only display on the Instagram platform. So that is because I already know from my awareness ads from the results. I can see the platforms that are most dominant. Now once I've seen this then I move to the final stage where I can set up my campaign. I'm still going to use an existing post and then just like we did previously, select your post and then duplicate to add other creatives. Now, this is exactly how you can run a consideration ad. Now, I'm going to quickly move to the final one, which is the conversion ad. So, now let's talk about conversion ads. Conversion ads usually would come last, right? Now, because again, every time you run an ad, you have to follow the awareness, concentration, and then the conversion. Now, for a product based business, your conversion ads might look like this. Get clear skin in 30 days. Order now, cuz your conversion ads is really about selling. For a service-based business, it might be something like, "Book a free consultation." Usually, that will get you people that would actually also still convert. When you run conversion ads without trust, you're going to burn money. So, you must understand this. Now, let's look at how to set up a conversion ad, the objective to use, and what to do. So for a conversion ad now let's set up our conversion ads easily. So what I'm going to do is click on create. Now conversion ads are very sweet but you must understand that for your conversion ads to work it's based on the work that you've done on the on your awareness ad and your concentration ad. So now the right way to do this in 2026 is that the data that you have generated from your awareness and your and your concentration ads you are going to make use of them during your conversion ads. So, and that's why a lot of people don't sell because you are trying to run conversion ads to new people whereas all you need to do is to run your conversion ads to the data I mean to the people you have generated their I mean from your awareness and your concentration ad. So, how do you do this? Now, we're going to go to now what objective are we going to use for this conversion ads? We can either use leads or we can use sales, right? So, for this I'm going to use um sales but you can also use engagement. Now, engagement is also a type of conversion ad. I'm going to show you why I said that. So, but for this um for this video, I'm going to be showing you sales. So, I'm going to use sales here and I'm going to click continue. Right? So, now we're using sales because of course it's conversion. But there are other objectives that you can use like I mentioned leads or engagement. Now, sales is here. Now, what is our buying type? Of course, auction. Um we're going to use campaign budget. Now, for this, we're going to be spending a bit higher than we spent before. So, we're going to be doing 30,000 NRA daily budget. Now, remember, this is going to be spread across multiple creatives. So, just understand that. Okay. So, now once we're done with this, click next. Now, I'm going to get into the adset. Now, here is where the work is. We're going to be conver I mean, the conversion location here is going to be single, right? We're going to come to this part here. I'm going to do single. Let's scroll down. I'm going to change it to message destinations. So I want people to message me. That's the idea of conversion. So message destination. Right now once we do this, the next thing is to choose where people will message us on. So I'm going to use manual destination and I'm going to take out messenger and just use only Instagram. So I want people to message us on Instagram alone. Now all I have to do now is scroll down. Of course, your performance goal should be maximize number of conversations. Then I'm going to scroll down here. I'm going to run this for about one week or two weeks depending. So I'm going to do two weeks here, right? And then now here is where the work is. Remember I said for a conversion ad, you want to use the data you generated from your awareness and your consideration. But how do you do that? Now when you get to the audience part here, we're going to click on add suggestions here. Right now, where it says include this custom audience, we're going to edit that part. Now, we don't have a custom audience, but now we need to create a custom audience and generate the data of our awareness and our consideration ad. So, we're going to click create new. We're going to create a custom audience of people that have watched our video first. So the videos that we have used to run our awareness advert and our consideration advert we we understand that by now a lot of those videos should have gotten massive views because of how much we spent. So we're going to now gather the data of the people that have watched those videos. So I'm going to click video and then click next. Then I'm going to choose people who have watched at least 10 seconds of my video. Then I'm going to come here. The retention date would be 365. I'm going to click on select videos. So all I have to do now is to go to the page, go to my Instagram page, right? Whichever Instagram page you want to use for this. I will just use my bislits page. Now you can now start selecting all the videos that have a high number of views. Can you see my videos? Some of them have 1,000 views, 2,000 plus views. So I can select all these videos. When I'm done selecting all these videos, I will just click on now. You can select as many videos as possible. Now for example for somebody who you created a lot of videos in 2025 you can put those data together and use it to run your conversion ads. So you are not you're not giving meta a lot of work to reach out to people who you've generated before as against reaching out to cold people. So then you click confirm. So what you do is after this is done you can name the audience call them video audience and then you can just click on create audience and then that audience will be created. Now once you created that you're going to create another custom audience that is called right you're going to create another custom audience from your Instagram account. Then click next. Right. Then you will choose your Instagram account. Let's say I want to use bees leads. So I'm going to use bees lift and I'm going to use an event of people who engage with my professional account within the duration that I ran the advert for. So if I did my consideration and my I mean my awareness and concentration within January 1st to January 30th. So I'm going to do 30 days. So, the last 30 days, I'm going to do the last 30 days or the last 60 days because I only want to capture the people that have recently engaged with my account within the period that I ran my awareness and my consideration ad. I I think you get what I'm doing now. So, I'm going to do let's say 60 days and then I'll put the audience name here and then I'll just create the audience. That simple. So, once you have created this audience, the audience will appear here. So, let me just look for one. I don't have any here but the once you have created the custom audience and you have saved them they will now appear here. So your custom audiences will be listed here. Once you have used your custom audience you don't need to bother about the age the gender or any targeting just the custom audience alone and then you can come to your placement click on show more settings and then you can change your placement to only platforms you want. So I'm going to use just Instagram here. You don't want to use automatic placement here. You want to use manual placement because you already know where these people engage on and you know what platforms they do well on. So Instagram here and then uh once that is done click next and then you can now go ahead use an existing post right select your post and then duplicate other creatives and then change the content for the other creatives and then you can publish your conversion adverts. You see it is very simple. So now you've been able to run the three different types of ads that are important for your business. Now let's talk about targeting a little bit in 2026. What exactly should you start to focus on when it has to do with targeting? You see, you need to stop obsessing over interest in 2026. You need to start to obsess over your messaging. It is absolutely important right now in 2026. You see that from the screen recording that I did, I really did not use a lot of interest based targeting. In fact, I didn't use it at all. That is because the meta's algorithm is able to understand you. Now, Facebook doesn't need you to guess your interest anymore. You see, your message is going to help you attract the right people. So, if you are not attracting the right people, it means something is wrong with your message. If your message speaks clearly, Facebook will do the rest for you. That is the recent Andromeda update and everybody knows about this already. Let's also talk about budgets and setting expectations that you need to have. Now whether you sell product or services, your first ads are not really about profit. You need to have this as an expectation and you need to understand this. Your first ads, they're about learning, especially if you are a new business owner who is running ads for the first time. You're not trying to look for immediate profit. You see, a small daily budget is enough for you to test, you know, enough for you to test what exactly works in terms of messaging, what videos gives you the most attention, what problem resonates well with your audience. Understand that ads are not a lottery. They are feedback. So what does success look like for small businesses? Let's quickly look at that right now. When it comes to ads, success with your ads does not mean that you get instant sales. You must understand this first. Success with your ads means that you're now clear. You understand your audience better. You know what message works for you. You, you know, you've stopped guessing. That is exactly what success means. Once that has happened, then it's easier for you to now scale. If you're a business owner, whether product based or service- based, and you want to understand Facebook ads without stress, please subscribe to this YouTube channel. I usually would post two long practical videos every week to help you get clarity and results. Drop a comment and tell me what kind of business you run and what you're struggling with right now. I usually will read every single one of my comments. I'll see you guys in the next

  Top Comments:
  1. @vickerzfxstudio9973 [5 likes]: thank you so much. From watching your videos coupled with my prior knowledge on ads, I've been able to generate over 100M with an ads spend of about 10M in 9months amongst 2 of my clients as a media buyer.
  2. @emmanuelchukwunonso-pd4ix [2 likes]: Good day sir 
What about those that doing it for job/employment/online jobs/remote Jobs
  3. @aliulatifat2862 [2 likes]: Thank you so much for this video Sir!I sell first Thrifs.
  4. @nancyharry7617 [1 likes]: So for someone running an engagement campaign using only one creative(not duplicating) on the ad stage, which strategy budget should one still use( campaign budget or ad set budget)
*Should the conversion be on the ad or message 
*is it still okay to direct them to WhatsApp cos that’s the goal on a 3k daily
  5. @Miracleofforkajah [1 likes]: This is really helpful. I made notes. I will try each types of ad step by step and return with my testimony when its done. Thank you 😊
  6. @Theabisolaitua [1 likes]: Really helpful. Never knew something like this even exists. Asides setting up the ads and all that. I think o need help with my messaging and advert creative.
I sell skincare products
  7. @DestiHex [1 likes]: Sir what if you don't have videos that are getting views already 

Like you just created the account without initial posts
  8. @Zeelately121: I have told YouTube to stopping recommending this ole video to me. Oleburuku
  9. @rishwinnings9474: Can this work to run betting ads?
  10. @Sato_Inspires: I sell organic supplements, and I'm struggling to get sales.
  11. @ekomimi7134: Hello sir good evening, please have being following the step and step process ,but when it get to the end(for me to pick a video)I just get an error message, please can you help me do this particular ads (awareness)
  12. @benmensah01: This is insightful. 
i'm author books can you help run adds to reach to a wider audience for sale?
how much will it cost me.
  13. @Girlie-glow: Thank you ❤
  14. @obinnaajuzie5910: Your voice is not audible.
  15. @TheStoryLoft-v2v: Running effective ads isn't cheap 😢
  16. @SamEdet: This is awesome. Thank you so much
  17. @protocolmercy-ww8uo: So grateful for this knowledge sir, I’m into kids fashion business, I have been running ads but not getting the desire results
  18. @TheRequiredBA: What do you by running without trust?
  19. @TheRequiredBA: Would the N20k be spread across the 14 days or you have to spend 20k every day. I am trying to sell a digital product.
  20. @behindthescenechann: Hi Bizliftng, thank you for the wonderful training. Please you forgot to add the training on how to set up ad account, link our facebook page and instagram page before running ads. I will be awaiting your reply as am still a beginner in the facebk ads

- Facebook Ad Hacks to EXPLODE Local Businesses: Kind: captions Language: en if I could only advertise one type of business on Facebook and Instagram for the rest of my career it would undoubtedly be local businesses because the opportunity for local businesses with Facebook ads and Instagram ads is absolutely enormous now my agency has run ad campaigns for more than 500 local businesses in just about every Niche you can think of and in this video I'm going to distill down everything we've learned running those ad campaigns for those local businesses into the best possible tips techniques and strategies that you can Implement to get better results right now okay so the first point that I want to make when it comes to running Facebook ads for local businesses is that you need to make targeting adjustments I see a lot of local business owners get this wrong when they run Facebook and Instagram ads is they watch a targeting tutorial from someone like me um and they Implement advice it's actually designed for National or International advertisers you need to adjust things so the big difference when it comes to targeting for local business is that you are usually advertising to a much smaller population because you're only going to be advertising locally and there's going to be far less people in that local area than there are in the whole country or in multiple countries in comparison to what some other advertisers may be able to Target that means you need to do things a bit differently now this is particularly important if you're using original audience settings where your targeting criteria are hard constraint so let's say you add in like an interest targeting option and you're only going to advertise to people who meet the interest targeting option criteria if you are a local business particularly if you're not a local business operating in an area that has a large population like you could be a local business of advertising to the whole of New York or you could be a local business ad advertising just to your local town of 50,000 people but let's say you're not advertising to the whole of New York and you are more local than that if you then go and add in detailed targeting options like interests specific demographics behaviors that's going to make your overall audience size just too small if you are advertising a town of just say 50,000 people or 100,000 people basically the only targeting option that you can go with is just everyone in that area just open targeting otherwise it's going to be too small and that's going to really hurt your results even if you're using Advantage Plus audience which most advertisers probably are at this point um where your targeting s targeting inputs are suggestions so let's say you add in interest targeting options that's a suggestion where meta still has leeway to go um outside of the people that are within that interest and Target other people if you're advertising locally and the the population size in that area isn't very large I would still recommend that you uh go with much broader options so large interest targeting options if you are going to use LX you want it to be a 10% for sure um or to be honest often still go with open targeting otherwise your audence going to be too small and your campaigns are going to suffer and then the next Point that's related to that that's still to do with targeting is around the location targeting and that's that you want to set your location targeting criteria in the area where you actually operate so only advertise to an area where you think it's realistic that customers will come to visit your location if you're that type of local business or where you are willing to travel to to serve as a customer um if you are that type of local business um I see a lot of advertisers think well my audience size is going to be too small if I just do say my local Town therefore I'm going to do my local Town plus 25 miles and it's like people aren't going to drive 25 mil to sign up to a gym that's too far they're going to find one more local to them right so depending on your business you need to really have a think about what's realistic for most people that they are going to travel here or we're willing to travel uh depending on on your business type don't artificially inflate the audience size just to keep meta happy and when you do enter in your location targeting just to quickly clarify that if you're using Advantage Plus audience that is done in the audience control section and that is a hard boundary So Meta will only advertise to people who live in or recently been in um that location so you don't need to worry about method all of a sudden putting ads in front of people on the other side of the country when it comes to location targeting every now and then there are mistakes and people slip through uh but for the most part that's not going to happen offers are really really powerful it's actually one of the things that I like most about advertising local businesses is that the Leverage The competitive Advantage you get from having a offer is really Amplified and that's because of what the competition are doing so when you're advertising nationally internationally particularly in some of the more lucrative more competitive markets you are competing against brilliant marketers marketers that have read for example Alex homo's $100 million offers book and they are trying to implement these incredible offers to try and get lots of new customers so it can be really hard to stand out and in some Industries like the marketing space actually the offers are getting more and more ridiculous and the guarantees are getting more and more impossible possible and you know that people can't deliver but those offers are out there in the world it's making harder for other people to to get leads and things like that but locally you don't have any of that so if you're advertising a local business you are only competing against other local advertisers right by definition now that means that there might only be a handful of other businesses that offer the same thing that you do that you have to compete against how many of those are actually advertising on Facebook and Instagram maybe none maybe one or two let's say there are one or two how good are their ads probably not very good at all you can probably have the best ads there um relatively easily and you can probably go through something like Alex H 100 billion offers which a fantastic book by the way um and craft an offer that is way better than your competitors and allows you to just Hoover up that market share in in in your local Town um I gave this this example because I gave a talk in in Brighton in a city in the UK and I gave the example of funeral homes being the local business low competition levels so we're in Brighton right now how many Funeral Service businesses are running Facebook ads in Brighton right now you think definitely less than 10 right I've heard a few nuns I I won't be surprised probably less than five they just go on the safe side let's say there are a couple running ads how good do you think their ads are they're going to be rubbish they really are like maybe there's someone who's you know maybe watched a few YouTube videos and know what they're doing so how hard would it be to create the best funeral services Facebook ads in Brighton could you just win that little market honestly you could watch a couple of YouTube videos on how to run Facebook ads and you would be able to then create the best Facebook ads for the funeral service industry in Brighton what a good business that would be to advertise on Facebook and Instagram because you got really high average customer values so that helps um each customer is worth a lot of money and you're also only competing against probably no businesses advertising on Facebook Instagram and if you are you can create the best ads there and you can come up with a great offer so think if you are a local business whether you're a service provider going to people you have a location people coming to you then think about your offer I mean there almost certainly discounts you can give a guarantee of service that you can give a lot of um local businesses where you are a service provider you can offer a guarantee of service that is much better than your competitors and that makes a huge difference everyone's nervous about hiring a a local Builder a local Contracting Company because they're worried that they're not going to do a good job and they're going to overcharge like you could just your offer could be we don't charge more than our quote that's actually quite a good offer for for like a local contractor a local Builder and that would be a terrible offer in other Industries they'd be like well of course you're not going to charge us more than you quoted like you quoted it but in that industry because of what your competition do that's a pretty good quote cuz most of them do try and charge more we promise to finish on time if we don't we give you 20% back that's an amazing offer for a lot of local service based businesses if you're trying to get people to your location you can offer um special deals for certain people certain days of the week discounts if you come in and become a member we give you X special offer there's all sorts of ways to to come up with offers but offers for local business are just so powerful because your competitors almost certainly aren't doing it it and even if they are their offers are probably pretty rubbish and you can probably come up with a better offer and combine with the fact that you might be one of the only ones advertising on the platform but you know your customers are on Facebook and Instagram because almost everyone is on one of those two platforms um at least one of those two platforms then you get massive competitive advantage and the next Point actually ties into that which is the same thing in that you get massive competitive Advantage by having a great offer when you're advertised locally it's the same with high quality ad creative most of your competitors even if they are advertising on the platform probably got pretty basic ad creative stuff they put together themselves using canva using an iPhone to take a photo of something like just spending a little bit of money on getting a professional to create some nice ad creative for you or doing it yourself if you have the skills is going to really Elevate you above the competition be like ah that looks really cool and that's going to make a big difference some areas for really nice competitive advantage and that's one of the reasons why I love advertising local businesses now one thing you do need to do with local businesses is you need to refresh ad creative more often and that's because you're advertising to smaller audiences in comparison to National International advertisers you're going to get ad fatigue faster if everyone within your target audience sees you an ad from you on average once a week which that's great like no not a problem with that at all it just means that you know every month or so that ad starting to become a bit tired people have seen it they've either taken action based on it or they haven't um and you're going to want to refresh those and create new ad creative more often potentially than a than a an advertis that's advertising to a much larger audience could sort of more set and forget it if they're operating with relatively small budgets um because there's just so many more people to to show that that too now there's another point I'm going to mention later on about um tying in special offers and things like that that would naturally allow you to create new creative on a regular basis um so that kind of takes care of that but it's just something you need to be aware of of if you've created new ads and they're working really well right now that probably won't run for 6 months as is it might do sometimes but probably won't so you are going to have to think about we need new ads going to have to do things to to keep this fresh new formats new ad creative new imagery new videos um otherwise you get a fatigue and when you get a fatigue results drop off now I've got some other great tips when it comes to running Facebook ads for local business in a minute things on scaling and all that sort of stuff before I get into just want to quickly let you know about Facebook ads Mastery so Facebook ads Mastery is my brand new course with Community it's all brand new uh course material there's stuff in there specifically for local businesses and it comes with a school Community with the school Community there's tons of interaction from the other Facebook advertisers all looking to help each other out which is fantastic we've got over 450 members as of the recording um of this video um and that's increasing all the time which is great also me and my team are in there like all the time all day every day answering questions interacting so the community angle is really strong we do live calls and live trainings um in Facebook ads Mastery so you get access to those you obviously ask specific questions and all that sort of stuff um so yeah so if you're interested there is a link in the description you can click through and look to go ahead and join find out more information but I think if you're looking to level up your Facebook and Instagram ad game get better results I think You' find it really really valuable so one of the issues that local businesses often run into with their Facebook and Instagram ads is when they look to scale that's clearly very difficult particularly if you're only advertising in an area with a relatively small population there's only so much you can spend on your ads before you're just putting them in front of everyone and spending anymore is a waste of money right so what I've seen local businesses do is they try and change their business model to allow them to scale but that then changes what worked for them initially so let's take the example of like a garden center okay so garden centers are local for the most part you can obviously have National chains and things like that but but you know a single individual location is is going to be local let's say your ads are working really well you're getting lots of people in you've got great offers things are going well and you think we want to scale I know what we'll do we will sell our products that we sell in store we'll sell them online and we will try and advertise um and scale that way that's a change of business model and that's really difficult cuz as soon as you start doing that you are then competing against other advertisers that are selling plants and flowers and compost and Patio slabs and all the various things that go into a garden that specialize in selling those online they do it at bulk and they National advertis and they really know what they're doing and they have great offers and it's really really difficult what I think a much better approach for business like that usually is if they want to scale is to open other locations and then advertise those locally because then you are keeping the same structure the same setup and the same competition Dynamics where if you're advertising to get people into your local Garden Center you're only competing against other garden centers within that local area that they could go to instead so when you open a new location that same thing is going to be true for the new location you are only competing against other garden centers that are advertising to get people in store around that Garden Center obviously it's going to be a different location from your first so that is a very different Dynamic and if you've got it succeeding in one place first and you want to scale usually that's the only reason why you would scale is cuz it's work in one place you want to replicate that as closely as possible in another place as opposed to trying to sell online uh local businesses that offer a service often do the same thing so you might have someone that is say u a physiotherapist okay and they've done really well advertising their services and they get people to come in and see them but they've kind of Tapped Out the local market they've got a physiotherapy practice they might think right we're going to start offering online sessions that's how we're going we're going to change our business model and we're going to expand and again that's really difficult cuz then you're competing against all the physiotherapy companies that could offer online sessions which is every physiotherapy company in the world and that's really difficult to do and they're going to be some that specialize in that and undercut you on price or that sort of thing much better to go up and open a new physical physiotherapy practice in another location and then keep all the Dynamics um the exact same thing and you could have the same things even if you don't have a location right you could if you're a plumber you could have like a branch that operates in one location and then open you know hire people in another location and get you know some guys to operate in that locality and just keep the Dynamics the same um is something that I would I would strongly recommend you look to do first before you try and change business model and you can absolutely have I think a lot of people think that you can't have a massively successful local business that operates at massive scale that is not true at all I mean think of a lot of the franchise businesses that you know of those are businesses that operate locally to them like subway they all people either buy directly from the Subway or they might use a delivery or like some food delivery service but it's all really local around that location and how did they grow they build out more locations in lots of different places loads of businesses like that I think that's underappreciated as a scaling method and it can work really really well um with Facebook and Instagram ads so this next Point sounds kind of obvious but I see a lot of local businesses that are running Facebook ads not do this and that's that in your ads you should make it very very clear that you are local don't assume that people will know that immediately from seeing it i' I've just reviewed a lot of ads and I'm like you haven't actually got the name of your town or your location in here and you want people to come in um even if you're offering a service where you go to people absolutely include the name of the place that you operate in because if you're scrolling through let's say you're you're a potential customer of yours you're scrolling through Facebook or Instagram the ad that has the name of the place you live in is definitely going to grab your attention more than the equivalent that doesn't and we're all seeing ads and that seem somewhat generic and it's like maybe we're interested maybe we're not we're going on and then something's like oh that's literally like the village that's the town that I live in that's going to grab your attention and then obviously you're much more likely to get that person uh if they get their attention you're much more likely to get them to interact with the ad and go through and convert and become a lead or or take the next action take the next step that you want them to take so that's just a little bit of a no-brainer but absolutely include it in there for a lot of business to have physical locations include your address people may have heard of you if they see it oh yeah I've heard someone said something about this business a friend of mine recommended it but where actually is it oh okay oh it's just around the back of like that's just really useful information remember you're advertising to real people and if they know where you are they know it's relevant to them they're more likely to take the next step effectively when you advertise locally testimonials and reviews carry extra weight so if you use those in your advertising I strongly recommend that you do um because they are so powerful make sure it's very clear that the person leaving the testimoni or the review is local to the other people that you're advertising to and there's there's a technique that the news um has used for a long long time where they have all these techniques to make something more relevant and make people more interested in a new story and one of the core component of that is local and the idea is that if there was a you know some sort of event happened on the other side of the world it's way less interesting way less relevant than it happened on your street you're way more like to be interested happened on your street so that's like an extreme example but you can think about if if I know that there's a testimonial for a garden center that's fantastic someone left a review it's brilliant uh you should go in if that person lives in my local Town that's going to carry more weight than if they've live in a compet different place because when someone lives in your town to you and you see that they've left the reviewer testimonial you assume that it's more likely to work for you as well you're more likely to enjoy it as well because someone who is more similar to you had a good experience with it as opposed to someone else from another part of the world where you're like well they might not be into the same things as me they might not have the same priorities they might not have the same standard where someone in your local Town you're more likely to think that they have those commonalities think about when you're on holiday you're on vac and you meet someone from your local area right and you almost feel like there's like this connection even though you're in a different place there's like this connection to that person because they're from the same place you are even though there's obviously loads of people that live in the same place you are and you'd never if you bumped into them you'd never be like oh how funny that we live in the same place live in the same city you know let's chat or whatever you wouldn't do that but when you're away in somewhere else you have that that that connection it's kind of a funny thing and you're drawing on that same thing when you're using testimonials and reviews if they are from other local people make that very very clear in the ad you can like literally put the name underneath a testimonial or review and then like comma their location right and that's going to that's going to show that and and carry more punch and help people get over there and help people convert so here's a technique that I love when it comes to advertising local businesses and that's to tie in special offers with local events so I'll give you an example right so I live in a town called chelam as I just mentioned now there is an event called the chelam races here every year it's a big horse racing thing is one of the most um famous ones in the country local businesses do and it's absolutely a good idea to run special offers and promotions around the time of the chelon races um using that Lang language and that messaging within their ads within their copy and AD creative even if obviously they have nothing to do with horse racing or anything along those lines it's just something that's fun that's going on locally I think it kind of TAPS into the fact that you have a local presence and that you're connected to the community and that you're aware what what's going on and what people are doing um and again if people within this town are looking at ads and they see chel races in there that's more likely to grab their attention than like a generic ad from a national or even International Advertiser that's just advertising a regular product or whatever that's going to grab their attention more and tie in and make people more um Keen to take part so I think it helps make it very clear that you're a local business and it helps grab people's attention and then it helps give that connection to local community which will help convert into sales new customers even if what you're offering is not related to anything to do in this case with horse racing and local areas have all sorts of different events and you can create new ads and and that's a good way as I mentioned earlier this is the point that I wanted to come to around having to refresh ad creative quite often when it comes to local advertising because your audience size is small and you run into ad fatigue issues well if you are repeatedly tying things into local events um even if they're really small and like like in Cham there's a Cham races but every summer there's a food festival every uh spring there's a jazz festival like there's going to be various things that that happen in your in your locality tie these things in we got a special offer uh you know to celebrate the food festival we've got a special offer on our whatever whatever whatever come in and check it out or people can sign up to a new gym membership free um it doesn't need to be related it just the fact that you are local and you're advertising to local residents and it is a local event that's connected enough for it to make sense so a good way to uh connect with the community and and have get that that added trust Factor that's one of the things that local really helps with is your prospects are more likely to trust you if you they know you operate in the same place that they live um and also helps with naturally helps with creating new ad creative and pres preventing ad fatigue because you're only going to run that promotion for a couple weeks maybe a month around that local event now one of the absolute best things about advertising local businesses with Facebook and Instagram ads is that you can expect your results to improve over time and that's because positive customer interactions compound and they compound more with local businesses than they do with non-local businesses so so let me give you a couple examples right so let's say you're a local restaurant now if you advertise and you get people to come in that might be relatively expensive initially it might be quite difficult to get those first few people in but if they do come in and they love the food and think the service is fantastic they are far more likely to tell other people about it if you think of the recommend recomendations you hear from friends family Etc and you think of the recommendations that you give yes you do that with national International businesses but you're far more likely far more likely to do it with local businesses so let's say someone comes into your restaurant you've advertised to get them in they had a great experience they tell people about it well those people might directly just come in which is fantastic that's like exactly what you want um but also if your ad is put in front of someone that has heard about your restaurant from a friend of theirs that ad is more like to be successful because they're not just going oh what's this oh a new restaurant in town interesting they're going oh yeah this restaurant yeah yeah yeah my friend was telling me about this the other day they said that the such and such was fantastic look they've got a special deal on right now where kids eat free or whatever happens to be let's go ahead and let's go ahead and and eat there and they're far more likely to convert so that really helps and that builds over time so the longer you do that the more good customer interactions you have the more likely they are to recommend it to other people the more effective your advertising will be and honestly you can often get to the point where you don't need to advertise at all because you've used the ads to get that initial customer base they come back cuz they love it they tell other people um All About It uh who then come in and you've got a customer base and and Happy Days things are working really well and the same would happen for other types of local businesses like if you're a local plumber for example and you advertise to get your first few customers you're thinking oh these are really quite expensive uh we didn't make tons of money on that one should I keep running the campaign well it's going to get better over time as long as you do a good job because yeah you might have paid let's say you've paid a reasonable amount of money to get that first Plumbing client and say you've broken and you haven't actually made any profit on it but if they go and recommend a couple of people brilliant that's where and then and then they recommend a couple of people and then you go on and on and on so provided the service that you deliver is good you can actually afford to pay quite a lot to acquire those initial customers locally because there's a much greater chance that you will get those referrals and recommendations and that your initial marketing investment will be Amplified by That Word of Mouth effect so something there Absolut a huge competive Advantage for local businesses that you just you don't get that to the same extent with other types of business business where you can all think of things that products say that you buy online that you're say a hobby into like that's one of the things that you're into and you purchase products in there you're only going to recommend that to friends who are also into the same thing whereas if it's like a local restaurant or you know there's a new gym down the road that you've been to or whatever you are far more likely to give a recommendation to people everyone at some point needs a plumber right you are far more likely to recommend that to anyone that you know that needs a plumber um so yeah something to really consider when you first start running this campaigns if it looks expensive initially don't immediately discount it and give up think that okay we're acquiring customers relatively expensively but and by the way it doesn't have to be expensive you might acquire customers relatively cheaply I'm just saying that if you do acquire customers relatively expens expensively that might still really work out for you long run because you know you get them coming back you get work from them again and the referral word of mouth is is really really powerful now something I haven't discussed in this video which is obviously something really important uh for local businesses to get right with with their Facebook ads is is campaign structure and that's because I've created a brand new tutorial showing my new and updated recommended campaign structure with all the changes that happened to meta ads um over the past year or so we've now got a new way of doing things a better way of doing things when it comes to campaign structure and in this video here you can see all the details I've created the full tutorial so you can walk through my exact campaign structure it's only a short video it's well worth a quick watch

  Top Comments:
  1. @faydra-k2y [9 likes]: The GTA V map analogy was gold! These hyperlocal targeting strategies are exactly what my business needs to reach the right customers. Thanks for the clear and actionable advice.
  2. @BenHeath [4 likes]: Get personal Meta Ads feedback from me (live) for less than $60 per session:
👉 https://www.skool.com/benheath/about
Let my agency run your Meta ads for you:
👉 https://heathmedia.co.uk/done-for-you/
  3. @arnie-i1p [4 likes]: The GTA analogy was genius! Finally, someone breaks down hyperlocal targeting in a way that's easy to understand and implement for my local business. Definitely subscribing for more actionable tips!
  4. @alpertopcu9708 [1 likes]: I just started running Meta ads for local trampoline parks and would love to connect with others doing something similar 😊
  5. @OndřejKovář-h7n [1 likes]: Such underrated tips, thank you!
  6. @VladimirRoberts-j5i [1 likes]: Really appreciate the budget tips – not everyone has $500 to test with

:cat-orange-whistling:
  7. @katiuskamulvihill [1 likes]: That GTA analogy was surprisingly effective at simplifying hyperlocal targeting – I'm excited to test these strategies for my own local campaigns. Thanks for the actionable tips and clear explanations!
  8. @Mrr_dabestt: Helps alot thank you so much😊
  9. @JeanDOSSOU-d9t: Hi Ben, my name is Jean and run a small marketing agency base in Ivory coast and would like to learn more about social media ads marketing while looking to get a mentor which i think you will be the perfect fit for me. I would like to connect. I'm from London but living in Africa for the past 5 years.
  10. @SuperFFFBBB: hey Ben, I ve been following your content for a while now. really enjoy your way of teaching and sharing. interested to join the fb mastery class is it still on?
  11. @HristoGeorgiev-v9m1l: I really appreciate the step-by-step format.
  12. @ChrisAbeleda: For local service-based businesses like a private gym, would you say Lead Campaigns or Sales Campaigns would work best when advertising an offer?
  13. @RiduanulIslam-u7j: Add hindi dubbing in your video please
  14. @RiduanulIslam-u7j: Sir try to talk slowly 😢
  15. @KrasimirRadev-n7w8c: This video is going straight into my resources folder.
  16. @permverse6668: So to get to more well known brands etc. Starting with local buisnesses are good way to start.
  17. @dufourrichard856: Fast talker. I’m curious about the comments.
  18. @synclair-h6p: The GTA analogy made hyperlocal targeting finally click for me – can't wait to implement these strategies and see the results!
  19. @DarrahYamamoto: Thanks Ben
  20. @jasolin-m8i: Really appreciate the focus on practical, actionable steps for local businesses, not just high-level theory. The hyper-local targeting strategies are definitely going to be a game-changer. Thanks for sharing your expertise!

- What To Do When Your Facebook Ads Get Disapproved | Steps To Fix AND Prevent Rejected Ads!: Kind: captions Language: en question I get a lot of is people asking me what to do because their ads keep getting disapproved and in this video I'm going to show you the step-by-step process to take to prevent that from occurring and to make sure you get your disapproved ads get approved hi my name is De I'm the creator of Facebook asator and let's get right into it the first thing you want to do is if your ads get disapproved you want to delete that ad now if you are 200% sure that your ads does not violate any policy you are not running ads in niches like a loss crypto Forex all those types of really really edgy niches then you can request a review immediately but if you are not sure you definitely should delete the ad and the reason for that is that each ad that gets disapproved it gets saved on your records as a disapproved ad and it actually increases the chances of you being banned during a manual review so it's just easier and safer to just delete the ad once and for all once you've done that the next thing you want to do is to check Facebook's policy you might have forgotten some of the policies and going to link to the Facebook as policy in the description below but this is what it looks like you want to scroll through and take your time to read through the process you're going to learn Facebook's ad review process how it works you're going to learn what to do if your ads get rejected you're going to learn the different types of content you should not be posting We have child exploitation abuse nudity uh har promoting crimes and interestingly there are some very very you might not even realize that what you are writing goes against their policy and some of those ones are the ones related to discriminatory practices or when you give absolutes like how you can make this amount of money in these amount of days how you can do this how you can lose weight in 10 days all those types of things Facebook hits it so you want to make sure you take your time to go through the Facebook's ads policy so that you are not missing things like that once you've done that the next thing you want to do is to make sure we trouble shoot the issue and the first thing you want to do for that is to use Facebook's debugger this tool is used for people who have websites if you're actually getting disapproved the issue might be that you have a complete domain band and the easiest way to even know if your uh website has been banned is to take your website URL and try to paste it in maybe Facebook comments Facebook DM Instagram DMS you realize that when you try to you will not be able to post it that's the easiest way but you can also take the time to come to Facebook share this specific debug I'm also going to link to it in the description below and then you enter your url so in this casee I'm going to just use my website my website is not banned but you can see you just have one warning the following required properties are missing Facebook app ID which has nothing to do with anything which means that my page is fine now some of the reasons why your page can get banned one of the major ones is that maybe you got hacked and you did not even realize it so your your your your website might be redirecting people to the wrong place and you did not even realize once you fix that type of issue the next thing you want to do is to come here and then click on script again because then Facebook is going to go through the page all over again and can potentially unburn cuz I had this happen with a client in fact I think we're even in the middle of a launch so I had to first get her a new domain name while I worked on getting the Hacked website restored once I was done all I just did was come here scrap it again and then I think in less than 30 minutes to an hour or so it can potentially take longer you get your website back and then you'll be able to uh run ads to it so that's the first thing it can be your website so if that's not the issue that means that the problem can be between your ad account your Facebook your Instagram page or your creative and copy so the first thing we're going to look out on this list is your creative and copy now for the copy aspects as I mentioned you should definitely go through Facebook's ad policy to make sure you're not violating it and one easy way to even make sure you're not violating Facebook's ad policy is using AI to check if your copy goes against the policy now I released a video just recently where I thought different AI prompts you can use and one of them teaches you how to use AI to check if your copy goes against Facebook's policy super super easy I'm going to drop a link to the video in the description also so you can check it out now if you fixed your copy and you're still having issues it might be the image itself so if it is the image what you want to do is to take a generic copy a generic image so the image can be something as simple as maybe a stock photo of a laptop and then your copy can be something super super basic um something like um uh using a laptop going to the be just basically a random sentence that is not particularly selling anything I can't think of anything off my head right now but something super random related to your Niche and just run the ad to see whether the ad can potentially get approved or not and the reason you're doing this is because you're trying to debug to find the exact thing that is wrong is it a copy or is it the image now if you've done both of them and the ad keeps getting disapproved it could be an ad accounts issue and for that I usually just recommend you should check the Facebook's account quality page so that's facebook.com/ account quality once you visit the page you're going to land here and you're going to be able to see recent ad account issues now you can see that one of the ad accounts that I have is showing an outstanding some ads rejected so in this case the ads that were disapproved have not been deleted yet hence why it is still showing and hence why I always say you should delete your ads because it actually keeps records of it you can also scroll down and you see past support cases you have had with meta and then on this same vein you can scroll down here and click on contact support and be able to reach out directly to meta so if you have any flag you'll be able to see it here you can also click on the view my accounts so you can see all the accounts you have and see any one of them have been flagged or the specific account you are using has been flagged if you do that and you do not actually see any flag there's an interest thing that sometimes happen it is possible for your ad account to Simply stop working I love calling it The Silent Banning method so is either all your ads will keep getting disapproved so you will not be able to run ads or you would actually be able to run ads but you would never make any sale I've had that happened with the clients before so unfortunately if if you've tried every other thing that I mentioned and then you at the last thing where it's just the ad account and it is still not working you might have to create a new ad account there is no choice in fact I have talk to a Facebook ad rep on this kind of issue multiple times and they just tell me you need to create a new ad account and just forget the old ad account it's like the ad account has been nooked you are just not seeing any sign that it has been banned yet in fact when I had the issue of not getting any sales on an account and I moved to a new account I think two months down the line I just randomly went back to the old account and suddenly it came back to life that's definitely an option for you to try out as well that's all I have for this video I hope you enjoyed it and if you did please consider giving it a thumbs up and hit the subscription button so you get notified when I release new videos like this that's all for now and I'll see you in the next video

  Top Comments:
  1. @Lana_ozn: My problem with placement, keep showing size issue
  2. @johnjancar6152: Yea I'm sick of this, I literally make the most rinky dink ad, that says basically nothing lol And they keep getting taken down, EVERY SINGLE AD I'VE PUT UP HAS BEEN TAKEN DOWN. 

Like they'll take it down, then I'll contest it, and they'll say oh we're sorry, it actually didn't violate our policies lol Then put it back up. Only to take it down again, an hour later, like this is all bullshit, Meta needs to fix their algorithms lol
  3. @affiliatemarketing2808: Great video
I just recently had a rejection on my Facebook ads.  Although I duplicated the ad set, one was accepted while the other was rejected, I requested for a review but was still rejected. 
I think with this your video I will go to delete it now. 
Secondly, I funded my account & ever since then , my ads does not run, the money is just there. 
I've tried to create ad, it will get approved, but 24 hours later no impressions or clicks or amount spent, every is the zero. 
What did you think might be the cause .
  4. @jennizersarmiento783: Thank you for this video.
  5. @loveandlegacyhome: Thank you for this video.

I used the debug tool to check my landing page and it's saying that it doesn't meet the community standard. Meanwhile I changed all of the content on that landing page because of this same issue.

What do I do to rectify it
  6. @topeaghomatse: Thanks for sharing! 🙌
  7. @bakreibrahim: What can we do to Facebook Ad account finally blocked with funds in it ?
  8. @ikembaspeaks: Great Video. Very useful.

- Why Facebook Ads Get Rejected and Its Solutions: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] what causes an ad rejection and most common mistakes that advertisers make and their solutions before we get started let us first understand a couple of things for facebook its user experience is priority number one so you can stay on the good side of facebook if your ads do not trouble the users in any way but if your ad is rejected you need to first identify the reason so go to ads manager go to the ad level and click on edit on your ad most of the time facebook gives you a general idea of why your ad is rejected based on it you can either edit the ad or upload a new one that complies with its policies on the other hand if you think your ad is wrongly rejected you can make an appeal for another review of your ad once you make the right changes or request a review facebook usually takes around 24 hours to start your ad with this piece of information in hand let us now understand what causes an ad rejection facebook ad policies and terms include major restrictions on ads with illegal products like drugs gambling etc besides it bars ads that include profanity or poor grammar adult content misinformation and so on more restrictions can follow on illegal content such as ads that infringe on copyrights or trademarks requesting sensitive information inaccurate product descriptions and more we recommend you to see the complete list of things on facebook.com policies slash ads as these policies are pretty obvious it is rare to see advertisers violate them this brings us to the most common reasons where advertisers get into trouble include asserting or implying personal attributes for example are you finding it tough to get slim check this out that's a straight no from facebook instead you can write enroll in our gym for tailored fitness instructions so your ad must focus on the service you offer instead of user attributes as a best practice avoid words like your and other but if you do need to use them in their context for example while speaking about product usp our marketing automation makes your work easier next is before and after shots showing before and after shots in your ad images is a strict no in addition you cannot show ideal body or body part images three misleading claims you cannot make tall claims of one hundred percent results in your ads if need be you can add a disclaimer in the ad such as asterisk please note that these results are by no means guaranteed you can also add a case study that states something like this is the result we achieved for one of our clients use of facebook brand assets your ads must not imply a facebook or instagram endorsement or partnership for example an ad that says we are facebook's number one marketing agency will be rejected the rule applies to your landing page as well to avoid any rejection you can add a disclaimer on your landing page stating that you are not affiliated with facebook five finance ads your ad should not say things like guarantee returns or become wealthy instead you can use phrases like grow your wealth and investment opportunity and optimize your investments overall you need to be careful with products and services related to finance fitness and wellness and remember your landing page needs to follow all ad guidelines too so these are some of the most common mistakes which we can avoid and run facebook ads without any issues you can check out our blog link in the description that explains this topic and how you can easily make an appeal we hope this video will guide you in creating facebook compliant ads has your ad ever been rejected if yes what did you do tell us about it in the comments

  Top Comments:
  1. @Pmomma100: My ad was rejected and it's an online women's fashion store. I didn't violate any of the things they say would cause a rejection. As a matter of fact, it was approved and ran for several days. All of a sudden, it was rejected. I'm so frustrated and I've talked to three people who were no help at FB. Now I can't even find the option to be able to chat with a live person again anymore.

- FACEBOOK ADS REJECTED? Most Common Reasons And How To Fix This: Kind: captions Language: en hi everyone welcome back and if you're new welcome to standout digital where free digital marketing training is updated regularly so be sure to hit that subscribe button so you don't miss a thing now in this video we're gonna talk about facebook ad more specifically the most common reason why your facebook ad get rejected and how to fix this so let's get started now if you're here your facebook ad might have already get rejected and you don't know why or if you're just being super careful and don't want your ads get rejected you need to look into these top three things number one your atmos prioritized user experience and i'm not talking about the user experience of your own account i'm talking about the experience of all the other people that your ad gonna target their user experience is what matter most to facebook and how can your ad do this first let's look at your content the copy of your ad so this part must be happy healthy and positive because facebook believed that this type of content is what will keep user on their platform to do this your copy must avoid negativities or discriminations or inappropriate content such as nudity violence manipulations or wrongful exaggeration now you must be thinking there's no way you're adding nudity or violence or say anything manipulative in your ad but facebook bot use trigger words when scanning your copy to identify the tone of the entire copy so for instance you might be selling food or clothes maybe you're selling pie and you're saying our pie is literally so good that you and your friends gonna fight for it so order now to get the first bite something like that and then facebook bot can be like no this is wrong for exaggeration this is violence this is manipulative so we're gonna flag this ad and that's how it's worked guys or maybe you are providing you're selling you're offering some sort of consultation service and you're making your ad a little dull a little more negative so that it can relate to the people who might need your service and facebook ad bot definitely won't like this so number two i want to talk about another big one here that i see so many make this mistake and if your ad already got rejected once or twice and you google it this reason probably already pop up but many people don't actually understand it so let me explain it again so number two to ensure that your ad prioritized user experience you shouldn't target personal attributes of your audience meaning that your ad shouldn't appears as though you know and intentionally target a personal attribute of a person and personal attributes are anything from race ethnic origins religions beliefs age sexual orientations or practice gender identity disabilities medical conditions including physicals or mental health financial status membership in trade unions criminal records or name still confused let me elaborate so let's take a look at this picture this is the picture i found on andrew dot co just a little credit there now let's look at his example so in the not okay part we have meet other christian and in the okay we have meet christian now why is it not okay if to add the other there simple so by adding other christian you are assuming that the person who's going to see your ad is a christian so now you're assuming you're targeting this person personal attributes which is their religion now let's look at the next manage your diabetes not okay and what is okay new tools help manage diabetes the differences is super clear in this example so manage your diabetes you are directly pointing out to the person that hey you have diabetes so this gonna work for you this is not a good practice on facebook let's go to the next example five other 25 years old who like tennis versus fine tenants fans so by this point i guess you already understand what is the problem in the first example so other again it's not a good word we learned so far let's look at the last example this product is for men like you versus new product designs for men so obviously this product is for men like you is totally targeting personal attributes of your audience you are calling them out directly so this is not a good practice for facebook it's violate their policy so do keep in mind when you are trying to call out when you're trying to target a specific person with their personal attributes all right so we just covered two big ones there and if you're now um wondering if you didn't violate any of those but your ads do get rejected it's time to look into other elements such as your image first of all your your ad should have a good balance between image and text because that signals a good piece of content and that's the type of contents that facebook want to distribute across its platforms so do make sure there's an image and text balance in your ad next if your ad if your copy has no problem it's time to look into your image so same rules here is your image positive is your image healthy is your image happy if your image is down or have any violence or nudity elements it will get your ad flexed and you're thinking like how can facebook scan and understand what's your image is about well indeed it can't a lot of bot can at these days and it can read the emotion in your image whether this is the sad image it's a happy image so do make sure that your image isn't too sad it doesn't contain any violence or nudity then it should be good or if you're trying to scram a lot of text in your image that is also not a good practice so please be aware of this and last thing if your image and copy is all checked out it's time to check your domain so you should link a trusted domain to your ad because again it's all about the user experience facebook being very careful with this they want their user to have the best experience on their platform so any suspicious domain that isn't secure ssl will get your ad flat all right guys so that's with our checklist on things that your ad should satisfy to prioritize user experience on facebook and get your ad approved but that's not all the step now it's time to prove to facebook that your business account is valuable to them and how do you do that first be consistent remember to warm up your account properly so for instance you just set up your ad account and for your first ad you're gonna spend maybe fifty dollars on it but then you find good results and then for your next ad which is maybe just three days later you're gonna launch an ad and you're gonna spend maybe 500 on it that is a big leap and facebook flag this as suspicious activities so don't do that give your ad account proper time to warm up step by step and you should be good but hold on guys being consistent will not be the only step that you have to take to prove to facebook that your business account is valuable next we have to look into your ad spend let's be honest here facebook is just a business and of course they gotta favor and prioritize business account that's spent more on their platform and i know that a lot of startup and small business have a restrict budget so here's is what you can do so after a while when you already have successfully warmed up your account and you have spent and you have earned a decent amount from facebook be sure to always spend again in your ad a relevant or appropriate amount to get on the good signs of these uh social media giant so this leads us to our next point which is your payment method be sure to put in a bank card for your payment methods instead of maybe paypal and if your payment method get rejected once your whole business account gonna get red flag going to be in the red zone of facebook so be absolutely careful and aware of this and lastly we have to look into your ad history so do you currently have more number of rejected ad than the number of approved at but this is not a good signs and you must do anything possible to get the number of approved ad more than the number of rejected ad so if this is the situation in your ad account fix this immediately or your ad account will just be in facebook redstone okay guys so now that we have ensured that our ad prioritize user experience and also prove that our business account is valuable to facebook it's time for the final step create an engaging ad and how exactly can you do this well don't take my advice for this check facebook advice so here are some of the tips in facebook business on what type of ad work best on their platform so first always use vertical video instead of horizontal because most of facebook user are on their mobile phones and obviously a vertical video will cover the whole screen and be more engaging to your viewer number two reduce the text in your image so as i mentioned earlier if you're trying to cram so much text in your ad image that is not a good practice facebook state that image with the ratio of text under 20 usually work far more effective number three reduce your text redo your ad copy as well because according to facebook statistic people usually skim or scroll through very fast on their platform facebook and instagram so make sure that your ad copy is clear concise and straightforward with a strong hook to grab attention immediately but also can convey your message clearly and loudly number four add movement so you can do that by creating hyperlapse video boomerang videos or use adobe photoshop express to edit your image or adobe spark to make videos from templates with text and image and story and lastly never ever forget to add a cta occult button to your ad as facebook state they work wonder on both their platform facebook and instagram and that will be all guys so tell me which of these tips work for you i would love to hear in the comments so that's all for this video guys thank you for watching i hope you enjoyed that if you're up for more bootcamps and courses from industry expert we also have that link ready for you for any of you looking to build a website there is a free access to our website builder and of course don't forget to join our facebook group for more updates and be sure to subscribe so that you don't miss any future free training from us until next time i'm alice from standout

  Top Comments:
  1. @yusshwwidodo8388 [1 likes]: terima kasih share ilmu nya

- Facebook / Meta Ads Rejected? Avoid These Mistakes: Kind: captions Language: en Is meta rejecting your ads again and again? You are not alone and most rejections come from just a few avoidable mistakes. In this video, I'll show you exactly how to avoid meta rejections using simple rules you can apply before you hit publish. Rule number one, never call people out. This is the biggest reason ads gets rejected. Meta does not allow you to talk directly about someone's health, weight, income, age, personal problems. For example, the bad warnings are are you overweight, struggling with depth? these kinds of words. Instead, you can say many people look for ways to improve their health, which is perfectly safe. Financial education can help people make better decision. So, the rule is remove the word you from your ads. You will save yourself from lots of struggle. Rule number two, no guarantees or miracle claims. Meta hates promises. You can't say guaranteed results, lose 10 kg first, make 5,000 this month and these kind of words. Use safer wording for example designed to help it may support learn proven strategies results may vary. This kind of word will save you. Rule number three keep health and money ads educational. If you are in fitness, health, finance or make money niches. Listen carefully. You cannot diagnose, promise income or promise cures of any disease. You can however offer education, offer guides, offer tips and simple disclaimers. Rule number four, your landing page matters. Meta also checks where your ad sends traffic to. Your ad may get rejected if your page has no privacy policy, no contact details, fake countdown timers, content that doesn't match the ad. So, always include privacy policy and terms and conditions page on your website or the landing page and use real business name and keep the design clean and simple with your layout. Rule number five, use safe creatives. Avoid visuals that trigger flags. For example, before and after images, body close-ups, and shock or exaggerated visuals. Right? So instead, use lifestyle images, talking head videos and keep it clean, simple animations. Now let's talk about few quick pre-published checklist. Before publishing your ad, ask yourself, am I speaking generally, not personally? It's really important. Did I avoid guarantees and promises on the ad? Is my landing page compliant? Does my creative look safe and professional? If yes, your approval chances are very high. So now you have it. If you need help running compliant, high converting ads, digital ad consultant team can help. We offer professional web design and digital marketing services. And we make sure your ads are approved, compliant, and built to convert. Like this video. Subscribe for more meta ads tips. And I'll see you in the next one. Thank you.

- How to Fix Facebook Ad Error Messages!: Kind: captions Language: en hiy Donovan here I've had three messages this week from people trying to launch Facebook ads and they're getting error messages things like the terms and conditions haven't been accepted and things like that if you're facing a similar problem or you don't want to run into this problem when you go to on Facebook ads then you're going to want to watch this really really quick video that I'm I'm going to put on in a moment now before now this was only available to people in my course but I've pulled it out of my course well it's still in there but I've pulled it out of my course for you guys so you can watch this video and hopefully not have these same errors and know what to do if you do have the same error messages pop up but yeah go ahead let's get into the video in this video today we're going to dive into what you need to do if errors like this come up on your Facebook ads manager when you're trying to launch Facebook ad campaigns this one's going to be quite a quick video it's a question that I get asked quite a lot so I thought I'd ask actually just make a video for it on this occasion so the person who messaged me this time has asked me what to do in this case now this one ly different to what I would usually recommend because this is an actual specific issue so as you can see they've tried launching Facebook ads and it's came up with terms of service not accepted you can't run lead ads until your Facebook page accepts lead generation service this one's a pretty easy one to do all you want to do is you want to open up a new tab go to the Facebook ads manager click on meta ads manager account or whichever one's first and then click on where it says go to ads manager basically what we're do doing here is we need to get over to the actual Facebook ads manager where you run your Facebook ad campaigns okay awesome so here we are on the Facebook ads manager this is where we launch new Facebook ad campaigns and this is where you want to head over to and you want to click edit or you want to click create and create a new campaign for yourself now when you get through to the actual side where you're actually editing the campaigns and editing your ad set and editing your ads and then setting up your ads completely what you want to do is you want go over to this one here this is the adset level and you want to scroll down to where it says the Facebook page that you have chosen make sure you've chosen the correct Facebook page that you actually want to run the ads through and then as you can see it says over here terms of service not the Facebook page accepts lead generation terms of service all you literally need to do is where it says view terms here click view terms and click I agree to the terms and conditions that error has now completely disappeared that's how easy is to fix and get rid of that specific error now I'm going to go through what I want you to do if any other are errors come up and we'll dive into that that now so let's get into it so you want to click this X and come off this okay now you can see that I'm trying to run multiple ads here so I'm launched lots of different ads I run my ads in the exact same way that I tell you to run your ads so as you can see it's say Droid digital up here the only thing that I am a little bit lazy with which I shouldn't be but I am is naming the campaign as you can see they all just say cop Cy but it's because I'm literally testing the cost pites so as you can see this one's 1223 £76 £178 if these ones continue bringing us leads that cheap then I'll turn off the 12 pound one so I test my campaigns exactly the same way that I tell you to now where I tried launching a campaign yesterday this one says ad set errors so it hasn't actually launched so what I want to do is I want to click edit and I want to figure out why this campaign hasn't launched so if I click edit and then go down to the ad level it says image not found the image you've selected is not available right now it might have been deleted or you might not have permission to use it in your ads try selecting different ones so what we want to do is literally just mess around with the campaign so that sounds stupid but that's genuinely what you want to do so highlight the campaign you see it says add set errors if you click over to where it says ads it says there's a delivery error just try and turn the ad on anyway see if that fixes it and as you can see it now says processing so it looks like it's fixed like it was that easy or other things I would have done is I would have clicked on edit I would have scrolled down to the videos are I would have deleted all three of these videos and then would have clicked on select videos again and then would have select the videos that I wanted and then I'd click continue and then I'd click publish and i' just try and republish the campaign and just mess around with it like try and delete all the videos that you tried putting up and press publish if that doesn't work try and re-upload the videos that you uploaded the first time and try it that way now I've click publish there's no error in the top left corner I go over here the ads on it says processing it looks like like that error that was initially there has now gone it says no ads but that will change once this processing has finished um so yeah that's that's kind of what I want you to do when it comes to errors so if you have a specific error like terms and conditions haven't been sorted or something like that that is a fixable issue that you can just go ahead and go to the adset level and accept the terms and conditions you can Google these errors as well and quite often it'll come up with what you need to do but most of the errors that come up like the image placement one or video template isn't working or whatever if you get ones like that literally just play around with a campaign press publish delete the videos put the videos back on press publish and then eventually when it works awesome some of these errors don't actually have a specific task that you need to do they're just an accidental error awesome that's everything for this video if you don't know who I am my name is Donovan we help martial arts schools gym owners add more members to their classes and if you're watching this video then chances are you probably are a martial arts school owner now the only way this YouTube channel grows is through word of mouth so if you found any use from this video will you find any use from my channel in general then please please please spread the word share this video share this channel to any martial arts Court owners who you think are struggling I got a comment recently on one of the Facebook ads that we were running and it was a guy called Joe and he said if it weren't for the free content that I'm putting out he's pretty sure that his school wouldn't exist anymore and because I met he's now got 20 members in his classes which is full for his location and he's able to continue doing his passion and continue doing what he loves so it means a lot and it means that these videos are genuinely helping people so if you know any martial arts schol owners who are in a similar situation where they are struggling a little bit and maybe they just need to get more people through the door please please please share this channel over to them and I have no doubt that it will help them add more members to their classes completely for free that's everything have an absolutely incredible day in a bit

  Top Comments:
  1. @tadiwa449 [2 likes]: hi thank you! 
question, how do you fix the “not connected to kai blue”
  2. @anilroy8846: O
  3. @MarcelloPriester-w4k: What about error #1885533?
  4. @monkeyattackedmyass5435: Website URL Please add: Website URL  - I'm getting this error. Any ideas?
  5. @ronniegavriel4516: Great video! Quick question I’m trying to connect my business manager to someone’s ad account and they keep on getting an “unknown error empty response” do you know what this means?

- No, Seriously. Facebook's New Algorithm Just Changed Everything: Kind: captions Language: en No, you're not crazy. Facebook ads are getting even harder and I have data to prove it. Since the Andromeda updates have come out, I've spoken to hundreds of seven, eight, and even nine-figure brand owners, and everyone is saying the same thing. Our ROAS is all over the place, our winning ads are dying in just a few weeks, certain ads are getting very little spend if none at all, and overall, we feel like we've lost all control. So, what's actually going on? Is Facebook dying? Well, after analyzing the 100-plus brands that we work with across every single category, I've aggregated the data, and I believe I found the two core reasons why Facebook is changing so much. So, in this video, I'm going to show you the data, explain what's really changed, and then I'm going to show you the playbook for 2026 Facebook ads. To understand what's happening now, we need to go back into the middle of 2025 when the Andromeda update was officially released, and that's just about when everything broke. See, at this point, we heard the alarm bells. We started to see spend shift into places we don't normally see that spend. We started to see ROAS decline and shifts happen in ad accounts that we've never seen before. I also saw hundreds of YouTube comments asking for help on what to do here. This was an unprecedented algorithmic change that no one expected to drop. Now, here's the thing. Most brands are not going back to the summer of 2025 because they had a good fourth quarter. See, the pure volume of buying behavior in the fourth quarter has somehow clouded the messiness of this algorithm. It's made brands think that what they started to do in January is actually the reason for the drop-off, and not what's actually happened over 6 months ago. So, the big question is, did Meta change for the worst? So, on my screen right here is a ridiculous data dump. This is thousands of rows in a Google Sheet. I've plotted it out, I've deduced down the data into a few simple charts. Now, in this first chart right here, we have placement share by month. So, each of these key placements, which represent around 95% of the total spend across the accounts that we run, keep in mind this is 100-plus brands and around $70 million in total ad spend. We start with the blue line, which is our feed. This is Facebook feed and Instagram feed combined. You're going to notice this is the lion's share, and yes, it actually dips a little bit, but it's still dominant. The purple pinkish line is Instagram stories, the orange line is Facebook Reels, and the green line is Instagram Reels. Now, at surface level, this doesn't look to tell us much at all. Really, all we're gathering here is that there's a little bit of downturn the feed, maybe, and a little bit of uptick in Instagram Reels. And so, it's not until you isolate the data that you can just see how crazy the shift has actually been. Take a look at this chart. This uses the exact same data, but plots everything on a percentage change relative to the beginning of the year. So, if you take a look at the Instagram Reels placement plotted in green here, you can see a massive surge towards the second half of the year. This lines up exactly with the Andromeda update. In July of 2025, Instagram Reels grows 26% relative to the previous 6 months. It continues that trend all the way through the beginning of 2026. Look at this chart when we isolate it. This growth is absolutely insane year over year. In total, Instagram Reels has grown, based on this chart right here, over 38.86% since January of 2025. To put that into perspective, that is more growth than Bitcoin in the last 5 years. And it actually doesn't end there. Instagram Reels are getting cheaper, and everything else is getting more expensive. See, we know the cost of advertising goes up every single year, but it's very odd when you see a placement actually decline in spend and get cheaper while other placements continue to rise. So, if we start here on our newsfeed, this is Facebook and Instagram newsfeed. Feeds increased in price 24.3%. They went from an average of 32, 34 to $40 right now. Not to mention Q4 was a bloodbath where we had 42, 45, and $46 CPMs. Next, Instagram Stories increased as well. We saw CPMs go from around 14, 14, 14 to around $18. That's a pretty big jump, around 12.1% when we look at the evergreen periods from January compared to this January as well. Facebook Reels, Facebook Reels also increased year over year a whopping 25.5% from $10.96 all the way to 13.76. And again, Q4 was higher as well, $14 and $15 CPMs. On the other hand, Instagram Reels has basically moved in the exact opposite direction. So, don't take this 9% as just a 9% drop. This is a 9% drop while everything else increased 20%. Instagram Reels started the year around $12 in CPM with some months, according to the brands and the data that we have, of $13 to $14. We see fluctuations around $12 most of the year. Post-Andromeda, we start to see a decline. $12 goes to 12.70, 11, 9.96, 12 again in Q4, 13 in Q4, and all the way back down to 10.87. We are seeing a decline in cost of running Instagram Reels. So, at this point, we should very clearly have established that the algorithm change has moved. We have seen a shift in user behavior, we've seen a shift in how ads are placed, and now there is a different opportunity than there was just a few months ago. Now, if you've had one of those accounts that's overly controlled with using things like everywhere or having multiple campaigns all for different breakouts, then you're probably in a world of hurt. On the flip side, if you have an overly simplified account throwing everything into one or two total campaigns, not putting proper exclusions in place, no breakdowns, and no control, then you're also probably feeling this algorithm. See, the point here is that we have to have control in our ad accounts, and I want to double down on that point with what I believe is the second core issue. And this one dates back a full year ago. Now, keep in mind, this is aggregated data. So, what I've done is I've taken 10 brands that we started to work with in Q4 of 2024, and I want to show the very clear impact not that we've had in terms of the performance, but that we've had in terms of gaining the control back. And then, I'm going to show you exactly how to do it. In this chart, we are looking at ad spend by audience type. Now, the three audience types, what I like to call swim lanes, are new audiences. These are new customers that have never purchased from you before, engaged audiences, which are people who haven't purchased but have maybe been to your site, interacted with you on Instagram or Facebook, and then retention, which is your existing customers. And you could see these breakdowns right here. Prospecting is the purple line, engaged is the blue line, and existing is the green line. Now, the purpose of Facebook ads is quite simple from my perspective. You want to drive profitable net new acquisition. So, when I see overspending in certain places and no ability to control that spend, I get very worried for brands. Here's what I'm seeing in this data. First off, keep in mind, we took on these brands in January of 2025. So, the data that we have for the first 3 months is before we implemented our system. I also want to mention that when we add up prospecting, existing, and engaged, we're spending $50 million over the course of this data. This is not small amounts of data, this is $50 million in total ad spend across a cohort of businesses. Before these brands started to work with us, and the trap that most brands fall in is they're overspending on engaged and existing customers. So, we can see prospecting in this case, we spent $1.7 million, $2.9 million in November, and $3 million in December. Excellent prospecting spend. What starts to freak me out is just how much engaged spend there is in these accounts. Check out engaged. We spent $1.1 million, $1.3 million, $1.7 million, and then in January, these lines almost crossed where engaged spend was so ridiculously high that there was really almost less prospecting spend than engaged spend. Now, once we fully were able to implement our system, you're going to see a massive drop in the engaged line. You're also going to see a slight drop in existing customers. And what's crazy is that we didn't just take this spend and throw it into prospecting. We were able to drive more total business profit because that's the most important metric by spending less and having a little bit more control on who we're targeting. So, instead of letting the algorithm do its thing and spend freely and massively into engaged and existing customers, where at some points they were almost as much as prospecting, we took back control, and you could start to see that trend clearly February onwards. In almost all cases, we spent less overall money and acquired just as many new customers into the business. Take the following November and December for example. Let's use our peak month of December 2025. We spent $2.9 million in prospecting across these brands, we spent 486,000 on engaged, and 425,000 on existing. If we compare this to the previous year, we spent $200,000 less on existing, and $1.2 million less on engaged in 2025 compared to what the algorithm was freely doing in 2024. In total prospecting spend only differed by $50,000. So, what does this all mean, and what should you do about it? So, this comes down to a core system where we need to gain as much control as possible, but still allow the algorithm to breathe. What I like to focus on first is a prospecting CBO campaign. This is a singular prospecting campaign that has multiple packs or ad sets all with 7-day minimum budgets for every new launch. The minimum budgets are only launched for 7 days, and then after those 7 days, they are paused down, and the ad set continues to run freely. What this does is guarantee spend on that specific ad set, that new round of creative you launched, without forcing too much spend on testing creatives like in an environment. So, you eliminate any possibility that your new ads won't get any spend. The second thing we do is we group our creatives by avatar and concept. Now, avatar and concept grouping is pretty complex. Building your avatars is one of the most important things you need to do in the Andromeda era. I have full avatar training, concepts, guides, templates, literally everything A to Z, so that you can build your avatars, everything from AI prompts to actual templates to build your own inside of my school community. You could join, there's a link down below in the description as always. Building avatars is critically important here because that's how you're going to group your creatives and actually think of things as a cohort. Instead of thinking of creative one versus creative four, you're now thinking about how does my avatar as a whole and the concept as a whole function? These are now groupings of ads. And what this system actually allows us to do is have value rule controls and budget controls at the ad set level while also operating in a CBO system that essentially puts the best and most amount of spend to the best ads in the account. The second must-have campaign is a retention campaign. You generally need to break out your existing customers from your new customers. So you saw in the line that we had here where existing customers were spending more and more and more every single month until we intervened when they became fairly stable for the remainder of the entire year. See, the reality is you don't need to overspend on your existing customers. You've already acquired them. Why are you spending the same amount to make them buy again and again and again? You shouldn't. And then finally, we now have an optional retargeting campaign. The optional retargeting campaign is because we now need a trigger event to determine if we're going to use retargeting or not. Let me show you a very clear example of a trigger event. If my engaged audiences were absolutely ridiculously spending so high, almost touching the amount that I'm spending on prospecting, to me that is a clear indication that I'm likely overspending on engaged audiences. In that case, I'd very clearly break out my retargeting and have clear swim lanes in my ad account. What this would eventually create is clear prospecting for new customers, engaged audiences for retargeting, and then existing customer targeting in my retention campaign. The second thing we need to focus on post-Andromeda is avatars and concepts. Now back to this chart. We've seen a massive surge in Instagram Reels. How do we actually react to this to make sure the right people are being served our content? See, from my perspective, it's not too complicated. The algorithm a basic algorithm to a for you algorithm. Just like organic social media works, that's now how ads work as well. So when you swipe a few times on your phone and all of a sudden you're on a totally different topic just because you watched something for one extra second, I know everyone can relate. That is exactly how ads work now. And just like your organic content, your ads are served to specific avatars. We're no longer interest targeting nearly as much as we used to. We're definitely not using look-alikes nearly as much, and we're all focused on broad because the algorithm is smart enough as long as you give it the tools to target the right people. That tool for just about everyone is to target a very specific avatar using a very specific template. I'll show you what this looks like for brands that we're working with right now for the creative that we've produced. Each of these concepts targets a specific audience, and every single time we focus on an avatar that successfully works, the next thing we want to do is build as many iterations as possible of the successful concepts targeting the specific avatars. And what we've noticed is that every avatar and concept tends to perform in a very different way. What most people do in old-school Facebook is they would see this bottom set of ads, and they would see a 4x return, and they would strike out and pause everything above. That is absolutely the wrong thing to do. Instead, what we need to focus on is what ads can actually scale above our target KPI. Whatever that KPI is. The KPI is just an efficiency metric that leads to profit long-term. So in this example, let's say we're targeting a 2x return on ad spend. We're going to work bottom to top. The first ad concept can only spend $100, but it does so at a 4x return. That's great. Continue to allow it to spend. The second can spend $300 at a 2.9. Great, above our target, allow it to spend. The third can spend 400 at a 2.3. Great, continue to allow it to spend. And then finally, we have one key winning concept that only can return just at our target at a 2x, but it could spend $4,000 at scale at a 2x. What this does for the account is allows the account to grow overall because each of these concepts and audiences are unique. Not all are as scalable as each other, but in total, this leads to us hitting the target that we have in mind. Okay, look, I know that was a lot of information, but I really wanted to share the aggregated data from the over 100 brands that we work with, that we've helped scale in the last year. And if you're watching this video and thinking, "What the heck am I going to do?" I want to put you in two different paths. First, if you're a brand that's actually trying to scale, you're spending $20,000, $30,000 a month, and you just feel lost to get to that next stage, or you've seen results diminish since this algorithm change, then there's a link down below or you can go to the moonliters.com/apply. And on that page, we'll take you through a few questions to see if you're actually a fit to work with us. From there, we'll go through a full audit process where I personally will audit your account and my sales team will present the findings. Or if you're not at that stage yet, you're not spending 20, 30, 50, 100, 200,000 dollars a month, and maybe you just want coaching and consulting advice, then go to school.com/facebook. The link will be down in the description where you can join of over 400 members. I do live Q&A's every single week, and I put the most up-to-date information inside that program. That's all for today. I hope everyone got a ton of value out of this, and I will see you all very, very soon.

  Top Comments:
  1. @afistfullofmustard3006 [24 likes]: Worst month ive had in 14 years
  2. @NINguem202X [8 likes]: social media is Dying. Nobody watch ads anymore.
  3. @kamikazelombardo [7 likes]: Removing high CPA channels has been my golden ticket. Reels don't work for my product. Nor anything Facebook related (feed, reels, stories) Instagram feed and stories are my only sellers the rest is just spending a ton of money and not converting anything. Also I tried your pain point per ad group, it didn't worked for me. I have a seller and group with all the creatives and restrictions in placement and it's been rhe only thing keeping me afloat.
  4. @9gdnrj3283c [4 likes]: Love the idea of the 7-day minimum spend rule in the CBO
  5. @Esimagic [2 likes]: Anytime I do "broad", the results are worse than if I do specific audiences. You're not the first expert I have heard say "go broad", but unfortunately it doesn't work for me and just wastes all my money.
  6. @Wonderlaust [1 likes]: Went from 10x roas for over a year straight to 6-7x since March, any new ad I launch has terrible performance sub 2x
  7. @royl8903 [1 likes]: I love Sam's method and use it myself, but this is just another angle of his M3 method lol, just saying.
  8. @CHRISTIANNETWORKUSA: Charts chains look at this new chart chain. Did it happen could it happen charge change the hell 20 minutes wasted not a single answer.
  9. @SamPiliero: 👉 Work with me and my team: go.themoonlighters.com/apply-l152
👉 Join my coaching program: go.themoonlighters.com/skool-l152
  10. @ariawetz: Well, that was cool. I didn't understand it much. I got lost so much in this video. But thanks for making it!
  11. @markgawargy5150: How do you increase budget of prospecting cbo without resetting learning phase while adding adsets to the same cbo?
  12. @johannlovessmt: am i the only one killing it on meta rn? 5-8 roas consistently with 1 creative video that has been active for 3 months.
  13. @robgha01: Leave facebook never use them thay are scammers bans account for no reason 0 support not a consumer friendly platform for buisness or private persons leave find better
  14. @nowtube12: Is this the case why cm tool earning are daying?
  15. @Gutenbert: andromeda is NOT a new update. beware of gurus saying it is. it has been announced on december 2nd 2024. 

Don't confuse seasonality with algorithms adapting to creative quantity available.
  16. @fglionut85: Zero leads lately. Interractions from outside the geo targeting. Target USA, get Indian, Pakistani and Vietnamese likes.
  17. @fitfanaticss: Okay i thought something was wrong with my store?
  18. @filmingyu6623: Hey Sam, is it ok to turn OFF and pause an entire CBO campaign then turn it back ON again after 30days? Does it lose data and go back to learning or does the campaign pick up wins again right away?
  19. @Jogo_1771: Just stopped wasting money on meta until something changes again. Now my ad costs are lower than ever lmao
  20. @HHHYYHY: Hi Sam, I am currently revamping my strategy according to your method. Just quick question, in the beginning, is it okay to run only prosepcing campaign without retargeting campaign? I am worried that without retargeting campaigns, there won't be enough motivator, which might lower overall efficiency. What do you think?

- What Does A Media Buyer *Actually* Do? (in 2026): Kind: captions Language: en all right guys we're going to start with the fundamentals because people are lost and nobody actually knows what a media buyer is so hopefully this video clarifies a couple things and media is not the same thing that it used to be mediab has changed a lot over the years and a media buyer 5 10 15 years ago is very different from a media buyer today and in my opinion there's really a shift that's kind of undertaking right now in the media Buy space so this is something that myself and the media buyers at mediab buyer.com are seeing this is what we talk about this is what we live and breathe and you know some people look at a media buyer as just a button Pusher somebody who follows orders somebody that does can't think for themselves or take action with the data and then you'll have other people that'll look at a media buyer as the most important marketing role that you could possibly make and somebody that's instrumental to growth and even people who on the surface you wouldn't expect to be media buyers like Alex Becker are actually media buyers by trade and are some of the world's best media buyers out there so now the question is which one is it what is a media buyer and the thing is that both of these types of media buyers exist and both of these are considered media buying which makes it tough so simply put let's just break down exactly what a media buyer is a media buyer is somebody who buys advertising space that's relevant to a company's audience it's somebody who buys ads and this could be ads on traditional marketing channels like TV or like radio it could also be something more commonly like uh digital advertising platforms like YouTube ads or Facebook ads or meta ads or even Google ads you know even like different affiliate websites or things like that apps even so any type of space where you can buy media and the goal is to effectively Channel these people from all these different places into a product or a funnel or into ultimately uh a business and if you do the successfully that's when you'll be able to grow the business and this is literally what you'll look like as well when you do successfully and in other words a media buyer is somebody who's a catalyst it's somebody who can create asymmetrical returns and this is something that um I've learned and observed over time from Sam ens the Beckers the harosi all those fun guys and in other words it comes down to this graph right here and what this means is that there's an asymmetrical risk reward where the risk is minimal and the chance for reward is very high with uncapped or No Limits and the best investors and media buyers and marketers in the the world are very good at this at creating this this is also why it's so hard to find the best media buyers in the world and why the best media buyers are usually running their own show or running their own business or something and that kind of brings me to my second point about defining a media buyer and really the role of one you know if you're trying to provide Mega value for a business or for your own business you can't have a button Pusher you need somebody who is much much more than that and when you look at the most capable media buyers out there who you know really are killers they're usually extremely full stack or very t-shaped so they're not only going to be killers and Savages inside of the ad manager you know whether it's Facebook ads or Google ads YouTube so on uh but they're usually also going to be able to see all of those other interconnected constituent parts that still relate to advertising whether it's email Market marketing or funnel building conversion rate optimization psychology copyrighting but then even things like finance things that maybe on first glance you might not really think that they go hand inand together but they do and a really good example of this you know I've been working with Alex Becker at hrus for years and one of his webinar funnels like again way back in the Dizzy okay uh long time ago uh this was for hcom and something that nearly tripled the ROI of the ads overnight was not by coming up with some crazy new ad creative or some like untapped like targeting opportunity or something or loophole uh no it was simply by increasing the email deliverability rate so that more people would open the email and actually attend the damn webinar that's a perfect example of you could be fighting uphill day and night to try to increase your ad Roi yet something that that you know has nothing to do with ads but also has everything to do with ads is something that can increase the ad Roi by three times you know a button Pusher media buyer is not going to see that they're not going to understand that and this is really what in my eyes what a media buyer is and what it does and again this is coming from our media buyers as well at mediab buyer.com in terms of what we see what we doing uh what we're doing and this is in other words kind of the shift that we're seeing in the market as well so this is how we view our role and what we do and not to digress or anything because I'll make other videos about this in the future but everybody in their grandma is telling you to start an agency or do SAS AI all these things I think that the biggest untapped skill and opportunity is becoming a phenomenal media buyer they are so rare out there and they are in such high demand and I'll just leave it at that so that's pretty much it for today everybody I hope you enjoyed this in subsequent videos I'm going to be talking about the characteristics of a 1% media buyer how to hire your own media buyers or just scale your own ads anything in that realm so give a subscribe to the channel follow me on Twitter again I'm uploading these videos both on YouTube and Twitter so give me a follow on both places there and until the next time I'll catch you guys then

  Top Comments:
  1. @T0leranceZ0ne [14 likes]: In simple term, Media Buyer is marketing person (employee, or contractor) who specializes in digital ads and spends a company’s advertising money in the smartest way possible. .
  2. @ManofGod62 [1 likes]: @𝗠𝗮𝘁𝘁𝗲𝗼𝗙 Explain  to me why you dont have a heptadrillion subscribers [yet]. 

You should also have at least octodrillion views too. The #ELShaddai & #ElRoi is saying you better prepare for abundance because it is coming from Him #Jehovah-Raah. What is my business? Harvesting souls for the 𝐌𝐎𝐒𝐓 𝐇𝐈𝐆𝐇 𝐚.𝐤.𝐚. 𝐘𝐇𝐖𝐇 a.k.a. #JehovahSabaoth. Stay in the Favor of #Jehovah_Tsidkenu
:hand-pink-waving:
When speaking about "𝗬𝗼𝘂𝗿 𝗮𝗯𝘂𝗻𝗱𝗮𝗻𝗰𝗲" is not me saying. it's YHWH HIMSELF saying it - 𝐇𝐞 𝐞𝐯𝐞𝐧 𝐰𝐫𝐨𝐭𝐞 𝐢𝐭 𝐝𝐨𝐰𝐧
#𝐌𝐀𝐋𝐀𝐂𝐇𝐈 𝟑:𝟏𝟎 
↘
"𝟏𝟎 𝐁𝐫𝐢𝐧𝐠 𝐭𝐡𝐞 𝐰𝐡𝐨𝐥𝐞 𝐭𝐢𝐭𝐡𝐞 𝐢𝐧𝐭𝐨 𝐭𝐡𝐞 𝐬𝐭𝐨𝐫𝐞𝐡𝐨𝐮𝐬𝐞, 𝐭𝐡𝐚𝐭 𝐭𝐡𝐞𝐫𝐞 𝐦𝐚𝐲 𝐛𝐞 𝐟𝐨𝐨𝐝 𝐢𝐧 𝐦𝐲 𝐡𝐨𝐮𝐬𝐞. 𝐓𝐞𝐬𝐭 𝐦𝐞 𝐢𝐧 𝐭𝐡𝐢𝐬,” 𝐬𝐚𝐲𝐬 𝐭𝐡𝐞 𝐋𝐨𝐫𝐝 𝐀𝐥𝐦𝐢𝐠𝐡𝐭𝐲, “𝐚𝐧𝐝 𝐬𝐞𝐞 𝐢𝐟 𝐈 𝐰𝐢𝐥𝐥 𝐧𝐨𝐭 𝐭𝐡𝐫𝐨𝐰 𝐨𝐩𝐞𝐧 𝐭𝐡𝐞 𝐟𝐥𝐨𝐨𝐝𝐠𝐚𝐭𝐞𝐬 𝐨𝐟 𝐡𝐞𝐚𝐯𝐞𝐧 𝐚𝐧𝐝 𝐩𝐨𝐮𝐫 𝐨𝐮𝐭 𝐬𝐨 𝐦𝐮𝐜𝐡 𝐛𝐥𝐞𝐬𝐬𝐢𝐧𝐠 𝐭𝐡𝐚𝐭 𝐭𝐡𝐞𝐫𝐞 𝐰𝐢𝐥𝐥 𝐧𝐨𝐭 𝐛𝐞 𝐫𝐨𝐨𝐦 𝐞𝐧𝐨𝐮𝐠𝐡 𝐭𝐨 𝐬𝐭𝐨𝐫𝐞 𝐢𝐭."
↖
@MANIFESTYOURdeepestDESIRES 

𝗙𝗼𝗿 𝗰𝗹𝗲𝗮𝗻𝘀𝗶𝗻𝗴 𝘆𝗼𝘂𝗿 𝘀𝗼𝘂𝗹 𝗮𝘀 𝘆𝗼𝘂'𝗱 𝗴𝗼 𝘁𝗵𝗿𝗼𝘂𝗴𝗵 @quickquack 𝐟o𝐫 𝐜l𝐞a𝐧i𝐧g y𝐨u𝐫 𝐛e𝐚u𝐭i𝐟u𝐥 𝐯e𝐡i𝐜l𝐞s, come to @newlifecorpus and @churchunlimited to #𝗮𝗽𝗽𝗹𝘆 

See these 2 dudes: @𝘇𝗮𝗻𝗲𝘀𝘁𝗿𝘂𝗺 @𝗷𝗮𝗺𝗲𝘀𝗴𝗿𝗮𝗳𝗳 for the application

In case #Lucifer tries to tell you to not go to see the 2 dudes above for an application, don't 

But if your curiosity gets the best of you...Quench it by watching a broadcasted service -  𝗦𝗘𝗘 𝗮𝗻𝗱 𝗙𝗘𝗘𝗟 𝗳𝗼𝗿 𝗬𝗢𝗨𝗥𝗦𝗘𝗟𝗙

Once you're done with them you get a ticket to board the #𝘽𝙐𝙇𝙇𝙀𝙏_𝙏𝙍𝘼𝙄𝙉 scheduled to go straight to one of the 𝟕𝟐 𝐇𝐞𝐚𝐯𝐞𝐧𝐬 out there [𝗡𝗼 𝘃𝗶𝗿𝗴𝗶𝗻𝘀 𝘄𝗮𝗶𝘁𝗶𝗻𝗴 𝗳𝗼𝗿 𝘆𝗼𝘂 𝘁𝗵𝗼𝘂𝗴𝗵] just #𝗘𝗹𝗦𝗵𝗮𝗱𝗱𝗮𝗶 and His Kingdom.

Beats being left behind with #𝐀𝐧𝐭𝐢𝐜𝐡𝐫𝐢𝐬𝐭𝐨𝐬 (ἀντίχριστος) or taking a 𝐝𝐢𝐩 with him in the 𝒍𝒂𝒌𝒆 𝒐𝒇 𝒇𝒊𝒓𝒆 right?
Paramount to worship i 𝐄𝐥-𝐑𝐨𝐢 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oOXvQz_gtfA&list=RDMMoOXvQz_gtfA&start_radio=1
  3. @SharonMiller-x9r [1 likes]: Great points about the blend of data and creative skills! It seems the future media buyer is part strategist, part storyteller, and fully adaptable to the ever-changing digital landscape. I'm excited to see how this role continues to evolve and influence the industry.
  4. @lydialaga: This is about to be a crowded space 😂
  5. @cesarpereira391: holy yapper
  6. @MikencoAgency-ads: Love this. Mikenco partners with media buyers on the ad infrastructure side (accounts, structure, billing) so they can spend more time optimizing and less time fixing chaos.
  7. @fleazapp: which tool for managing media buy campaigns (emails, offer overview, status updates etc)
  8. @soli-t2d: It's great to see the industry emphasizing creative storytelling alongside data analysis; the best media buyers will be those who can blend both for maximum impact. What strategies do you recommend for staying updated with the constant evolution of ad platforms and technologies?
  9. @janynecobos: This video provides an excellent roadmap for anyone aspiring to thrive in the evolving world of media buying! The emphasis on both data analytics and creative storytelling is key, especially when starting out with platforms like Google Ads. Thanks for the clear and actionable advice!
  10. @illyssa-o8d: Excellent explanation of the shift towards strategic thinking and compelling narratives! It's great to see the value of creativity being emphasized alongside data analysis and platform expertise. What are some up-and-coming platforms you think media buyers should keep an eye on?
  11. @LaurieMurry: The focus on both data-driven strategy and creative content is spot on - it's clear media buying in 2025 will be about much more than just ad placement. For those starting out, focusing on platforms like Google Ads and developing strong communication skills will be invaluable. What are some resources you recommend for developing the "storytelling" aspect of media buying?
  12. @brittann-g6k: Great video highlighting the blend of analytical skills and creative storytelling needed for success in 2025! Building expertise on platforms like Google Ads while nurturing creative thinking seems like the right path. I'm eager to see how AI further shapes the role.
  13. @alexanderina-d1t: This video really demystifies the role; focusing on adaptability and continuous learning seems key, especially with the rise of AI. For those with creative experience, definitely leverage that – engaging content is only going to become more crucial!
  14. @Linette-w2t: Great breakdown of the media buyer's role in 2025! It's encouraging to hear that even with automation, strategic thinking and creative problem-solving will remain essential. This has definitely inspired me to focus on developing those skills as I enter the field.
  15. @southwell-x2x: Great breakdown! It's reassuring to see how valuable creative experience is becoming in media buying, especially with the focus shifting towards engaging content. I'm also curious about certifications that could help bridge the gap for someone with a strong creative background.
  16. @senatorolaa6306: Someone save me, I’m lost in life, I’m at the darkest spot in my life right now, pls recommend a freelance job for me, how I can get a certification and get a job ! Pls help
  17. @ofonmbukakpan1241: Pls, could you mentor me for a successful onboarding as a Media Buyer? Am a graduate of Marketing with years of strategic sales and customer behaviors experience.
Pls assist

Thanks
  18. @Isabel-s2q: Really appreciate the insight into the future of media buying! As someone considering a career change, this breakdown of skills and responsibilities is incredibly helpful.
  19. @OldisRoad: We are hiring. Hit us up.
  20. @paniyalafountain: Thank you so much for this video. It was very informative.

- Digital Marketing Secrets That Actually Work in 2026: Kind: captions Language: en Hello digital marketer. Do you know what is digital marketing? Digital marketing is changing the way businesses grow in the modern world. From social media to YouTube, every platform creates new opportunities to connect with people globally. Unlike traditional marketing, digital marketing is faster, smarter, and more cost-effective. Businesses can reach their target audience instantly and measure real results in real time. Strategies like SEO, social media marketing, content creation, and paid advertising help brands increase visibility and attract customers online. YouTube marketing has become one of the most powerful tools in digital marketing. A single video can inspire, educate, and reach thousands, even millions of viewers worldwide.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Joher_chowdhury_2000 [1 likes]: Great video ❤️

- Facebook Ad Trends In 2026: Kind: captions Language: en as competition on facebook increases and changes come to the platform it's important that you know top ad trends so that you can use them to promote your business let's take a look at what's trending on facebook [Applause] hi i'm morgan a digital marketing professional with life marketing and i practically live on facebook i need to stay up to date so that i can run the best ads for clients and teach you the best ways to market your business if you run ads it's important for you to know add trends on each platform so that you can choose to participate in it or not either way you're making an informed decision for your ad strategy in today's video i'm going to go over some ad trends that i and other digital marketers have noticed and that we predict will continue into the future i'm focusing on paid ad trends here if you'd like me to do a similar thing with organic strategy leave an apple emoji in the comments these are the trends that i see in the paid ad world number one is prioritizing short form video number two is creating native feeling ads number three is using emojis in copy and design number four is facebook story ads number five is augmented reality ads these are using your ads to let users try your products and number six is concise copy and short headlines let us know if you have any questions in the comments and we'll help you out make sure you subscribe and turn on notifications so that you don't miss out on our new videos let's do a deeper dive with that list we'll start with prioritizing short form video with the absolute takeover of tick tock and the success of reels on instagram facebook is joining ranks and prioritizing short form video this applies to organic and paid ads users are just more likely to engage with videos here are some other reasons to use video in your paid ads users spend five times longer looking at video ads compared to static image ads 71 of consumers find facebook video ads relevant or highly relevant facebook video ads have a low cost per click at about 1.86 that's an average of course and facebook video ads have the potential to reach over 2 billion people by now we all know that tick tock is the current darling of social media in fact the short form video app has been so successful that every other network has adapted some version of tick tock in hopes of competing or at least staying relevant on instagram it's reals on youtube it's shorts you catch my drift when you're writing video ads on facebook follow these best practices capture attention in the first three seconds to prevent the scroll introduce your brand in the first five seconds let's move on to creating native ads because these two cards go hand in hand native ads don't take users out of the experience of their feeds users prefer ads that don't feel like an ad after all they'll still be labeled as sponsored and you can sell to your audience in this content but the content should look and feel organic content tik tok has been a great case study in this native ads are so successful that tick tock's recommendations to businesses advertising on the platform are to make tick tocks not ads this trend is crossing over to other platforms and we'll be here to stay for a while here's how you can make native ads spend time on the platform liking the page and content that your ideal customer would like familiarize yourself with the aesthetic and the written style of the content you also want to analyze how your product and your brand fit within this aesthetic it shouldn't feel forced it's okay to use templates for design like from canva so long as you customize them think outside the social network you can buy sponsored articles on news outlets blogs and other websites and news influencers don't stress about getting a huge influencer go for micro influencers with a dedicated following their engagement is what's most important to you let them make the ad for you this helps with social proof too if you want to learn more about social proof you can watch this video that i did on marketing psychology the next trend is using emojis in copy and design if you thought the emoji was out well you probably changed your mind after you saw drake's album cover if you're not sure what emojis to employ for your business this website has real-time stats for emoji use it can be easy to stare at so just watch yourself with this one each business and audience will have different emoji preferences you want to consider that before you dive into writing novels using only emojis i recommend a b testing your copy one version using no emojis the other using emojis this way you're making an educated choice for your specific audience let's talk about some emoji used best practices now i do encourage emoji use but there are some best practices to follow i'm in the rules are made to be broken kind of advertising crowd but you have to know them to break them right first best practice is not to overuse emojis can you replace all of your text with emojis maybe probably actually and it makes for a fun movie title guessing game sure but should you probably not overstuffing copy with emojis can come across as spammy to some audiences and perfectly normal to others you'll need to research this and test it for your audience the next best practice is that there are inappropriate emojis yes if you can believe it there are certain emojis that are more appropriate for some businesses than others certain emojis don't mean what you probably think they mean that's all i'm going to say it's just good to double check how your planned emoji is being used by the internet today just to avoid any unhappy accidents to borrow and to tweak from bob ross my next best practice is to include emojis in your brand strategy when creating the branding for your business you probably thought about fonts and colors mood boards and aesthetics but did you consider branded emojis pick from existing emojis or get some custom ones created for you either way choosing some on brand emojis that you can use in copy is a good idea hey we just helped a small business make over 1.5 million dollars through facebook advertising and after managing millions of dollars in ad spend for thousands of different small businesses we have decided to give away everything we learn to you in a special program if you want to learn the blueprint to success the best practices from some of the fastest growing companies in the world and all the different tools you will need then sign up for our social ads training program today the next ad trend is stories and real ads jumping on the short video train facebook is putting emphasis on stories and reels you can run ads to stories on facebook and instagram via the facebook ads manager you can currently only run ads to instagram reels but facebook recently announced that facebook reels ads are coming soon users on facebook and instagram are using the stories and real sections of the app the most lately so it's important to work them into your organic content and your paid ads if these ads work well for your business that may be cute to join tiktok and see if you can find a new audience on a new platform with similar content the next trend i see is augmented reality ads with augmented reality you can let the customer experience your product or your business in some way you may have used ar yourself to try on glasses or place a piece of furniture in your home or something similar when someone taps your ad they'll see overlay instructions that tell them how to interact with the ad include a call to action to visit the website or to make a purchase or whatever your specific goal is users will be able to record or take photos of them interacting with your ad and they can share in their feed and in their stories so how would you go about using ar or augmented reality for your ads facebook uses ar spark to create the ar effects for the platform you'll want to find a partner who knows ar spark and can use the platform if they're designing something for you there are a ton of tutorials on the platform too so if you're interested in learning more about augmented reality i would check it out there any effect that you want to create has to meet some requirements you have to meet some reviews for spark ar and you have to meet the facebook advertising policies to create an ad if a video on setting up and monitoring your augmented reality ads would be helpful let me know in the comments with a robot emoji another trend we're seeing is making it snappy our appetite for content is not decreasing if anything it's increasing but so is the amount of content available for us to consume on facebook alone 350 million photos are uploaded daily 500 million people watch video every single day the average user spends 33 minutes a day on the platform we have attention spans just not for uninteresting or irrelevant content make sure you capture attention quickly in the first three seconds of video if you can and focus on only the most important message for your goal in these short videos your ideal customers will then get to choose to spend more time on your in-depth content like long-form videos such as this one blog posts or articles and your email content did you like this video give it a thumbs up so i know it really helps me choose content to create for you in the future what ad trends do you think that we'll see more of on facebook for help staying up to date with trends subscribe to our channel and ring the notification bell if you want an agency to help you set up create and maintain great ad campaigns give us a call at the number on screen and please let us know if you have any questions happy facebook advertising

  Top Comments:
  1. @nicolet.rainer1605 [1 likes]: I like that you're articulate and succint. I've subscribed!♥
  2. @LYFEMarketingAtlanta: Want us to grow your business so you can focus on running it? Get a free, custom quote and proposal here: https://www.lyfemarketing.com/services/social-media-advertising-services/?utm_source=youtube&utm_medium=fbadtrends&utm_campaign=dec292021
  3. @HelenaCannon: Hi. What online services can you recommend for dynamic statistics of advertising accounts?
  4. @jackyclose7363: 🍎
  5. @YM-xx7ni: Solid insights thank you!
  6. @4587free: new subscriber here!
  7. @deepasharma6191: Can you please make a video on Instagram hashtag strategy? As every one has their own say in this. im kinda confused which is the best practice.
  8. @BoutiqueBoost: Awesome tips
  9. @dedanmwaura1590: Thanks beautiful
  10. @robertoromero7636: 🍎 🍎 🍎
  11. @StuartMacadam: Another big trend I can see is Facebook Marketers using web-hooks to push information from their website back into Facebook using their API. The big challenge the iOS changes have brought in is the use of statistical modelling, which is wildly inaccurate and can often present a campaign that is performing well when it isn't and a campaign that underperforms when in reality it is performing well. Two ecomm clients I've helped have had great months in actual sales, many which don't show on Facebook and vice versa.
  12. @codescurveofficial: 🍎🍎🍎
  13. @francheskaseijo9998: 🍎🍎

- What YouTube Actually Wants in 2026: Kind: captions Language: en 20 million uploads a day. How do I stand out on YouTube? What is YouTube doing for those new creators? What would you do differently based on what's changing or how the algorithm works now? >> I would have four videos ready to go when I told people about the channel. Somebody landing on the first video was a no-brainer to watch the second video. Watch history is really important for recommendations cuz that's what tells us what people are interested in. >> What do you think is the legitimate opportunity though for like the new creator starting right now to make it in today's landscape? Welcome back to the Think Media podcast. Sean Kel here with Renee Richie, creator liaison, YouTube employee, going to be dropping the latest on the algorithm, some of the changes. Renee, welcome back to the podcast. >> Thank you. Thank you again for having me. >> So fired up to have you on the show. Let's drive right into things. >> Yeah. >> One of the biggest theories, uh, maybe frustrations happening in the YouTube world is people feeling like long form views are declining. >> And attributing that to perhaps homepage redesign. >> Yeah. Whereas you would typically land on the homepage maybe see six large you know long form thumbnails you could click on seeing those numbers shift to four or to two short shelves taking up the homepage your experience on whether mobile or desktop break it down what's really happening and what are the numbers behind the scenes. >> Yeah. So the nice thing about YouTube is that you can test things at scale and YouTube is always running experiments. I'm sure you see that all the time. Someone will say hey did you change something? And there's like 1% experiments, 2% experiments just to get data and to get an idea of what is better init like inevitably for YouTube and for creators because like one of the best things about YouTube just to back up for a second for me is that that revenue share deal. It means like YouTube succeeds when creators succeed and creators succeed when YouTube succeeds. So there's every motivation in the world. There's every alignment in the world for YouTube to do things that help creators help videos get watched more, help viewers find better videos. So, one of the things that we tested initially was bigger thumbnails. U it turned out people liked bigger thumbnails. They could click on them more. It meant there were fewer thumbnails on like a load screen depending on your desktop size, but people like that they could see things better. One of the phenomenons of a lot of thumbnails is one, it makes it harder to choose like you just see a whole board and you have like the the paralysis of choice sometimes like you just don't know what to click on. But also like there might be a video you really like over here, but you're looking at the center and it's not the first video, but it's like the middle video. And so you click on that, you never realize everything around you. So the next redesign was sort of making the best choices we could right at the top. So there's fewer things for you to choose from, but we hope those are better recommendations. And so far, what it's seeming like is that people are finding the video they want to watch right up there and they're clicking on it. So it is doing better for people to click through and it's doing better for people to watch long form videos. Do you feel like the less options though is affecting midsize and smaller creators in the sense of they might not get that real estate unless they put out a great video? >> Yeah. Well, I think like one of the things we do is we also make sure we put smaller recommendations very close to the top in one of those first slots just so that those videos can get a better chance. But as people scroll down, there'll be a wide variety because the other thing that we found is that people do want a variety of recommendations. They don't want like just the big creators. They don't want just the same topic. They want to be able to either go deeper or change the channel. We have to provide them with both options. >> I have noticed that consistently new and small channels are showing up on my home feed and are being recommended to me. Not just videos with 10,000 views or 100,000 or a million views, but even just a few. >> 26 views, especially related to my watch history. Can you explain how that would happen for someone that's like >> 20 million uploads a day is the number? How do I stand out on YouTube in the midst of 20 million uploads a day? What is YouTube doing for those new creators? >> So, I think there's like two things to break out on that. One is if you are the creator and you want to stand out, I think you have to find that unique differentiated value. Like if you're the 20th person doing the same thing, it's really hard to stand out. But then also, you have to build that audience. Like an audience is a relationship. And often times you'll find a creator is like, I don't want to be put in a box. I want to do all these different topics. Um, but if someone like let's say you find a pasta restaurant you love and you go there every day or every week and it's your favorite meal and it's a no-brainer to go there. Like I'm in the mood for it. I'm going to go there. I'm going to get it. And then you go there one day and it's it's giving you fish and you're like but I I just want my pasta. The guy I'm bored with pasta. I'm making fish there. He can't force you to eat it. So, like one of the the best things to do if you are struggling with that is to think of a consistent audience member like who am I making this video for and make videos that that person will love over and over again. It's cliched, but Mr. Beast works because if you like that kind of video and you see Jimmy's face, you click on it, you get exactly what you expect. It's a no-brainer. If you clicked on Jimmy's face and you got a knitting video, you'd be like, "Oh, this isn't what I expected." And maybe super fans would watch, but everyone else would be like, "I'm going to go find something else." and then you'll try again because like you you like those videos, you click on it and now he's fishing and you're like I don't understand what's happening and then maybe the third time you won't even click. But if you're getting that like your expectation is delivered on that's like that's retention across videos. Not just retention in a video but retention across videos that's how you start to build an audience that's consistently there for you and the recommendations are consistently there for you. So that's one of the biggest debates in YouTube and I'm curious in today's environment that's to niche down or not >> and it sounds like one is do I niche down my channel topic around cooking of a particular type or gardening or do I niche it down around an audience because there might be some variety but there's a common audience. What is your advice there? There seems to be a whole wave that says oh there's no need to niche down. >> Yeah. So it comes down to your expectations. So, uh, for example, on my channel, I covered a lot of tech companies and then I decided to make a couple videos about Twitter because it was in the news and they didn't do very well at all because the people who are used to watching my channel weren't used to watching Twitter videos, so they weren't that interested in them. And so, at that point, the algorithm tries to find, well, who is interested in this? And because they were topical and about Twitter, it eventually found them. But by then, people had watched channels they knew who talked about that and they didn't care to watch a sixth video on Twitter. Uh, if it was evergreen, I would probably not have that problem. But it it just means like you can make that choice. I did videos on phone reviews and I did videos on accessibility. I knew the videos on accessibility would never get the amount of views that the phone reviews would, but they were important to me, so I made them. So, I think sometimes the creator expectation is I get a million views for this. I do a different topic. I'm not getting a million views. Something's broken. When it's really like your audience is totally aligned with you and the and the size of the potential audience is huge. and then you do like a topic where the audience is not aligned with you and it's a very small niche topic and you don't get money like that's fine. It's the same as a Hollywood star making a blockbuster in order to be able to go and make the art house movie. They have no expectation the art house movie is going to get blockbuster numbers or payday but they do the blockbuster so they can afford to make the art house projects. And I think like creators can think more along those lines. >> That's a great analogy. I've heard a theory going around and I'm curious your take on this. It's that algorithmically now YouTube is penalizing content that is uh repetitious or that's been done before. I'm curious if there's any ground to that. You cuz what you had just mentioned if somebody's already talked about this Twitter story 20 times and you're late to the party, it could be human behavior. They've already watched videos. They've already heard it. But the theory was that because of AI being able to scan content that essentially a new story has a chance of being promoted and something that is already been like repackaged or recovered. Is there any credence to that theory? >> So the only the only part where YouTube is careful is when it's literally repetitious like templated. So if you make a hundred almost exactly the same videos that's spam. That that's the definition of spam. And whether you do that with AI or with like CGI or with like stock footage, that doesn't matter. So like if you are staying on topic, that's great. Like there's a lot of channels that are really successful that make videos like all about logistics of different things. Logistics of FedEx, logistics of like Uber, logistics. It's like a formula that works, but the videos are not the same. They're not cookie cutters, but someone might upload like the exact same video over and over again with like a very slight difference. That becomes indistinguishable from spam. There's also creators who are very good like it it really is audience psychology. All the YouTube algorithm is trying to do is understand the audience. And if creators worry less about the algorithm and worry more about the audience, you're doing the the same job. So there's channels like Dr. Mike or Legal Eagle where they do news interviews with government officials. Um movie like they they do movie analysis like how many laws were broken in Top Gun or uh like Grey's Anatomy, is it medically accurate? and they do like wide variety of content, but they've told their audience like they've primally branded for their audience. This is like think like a lawyer and that gives them the ability. No one's coming there expecting I'm going to get a reaction video or I'm going to get an interview. They're coming there expecting I'm going to get stuff that is interesting to lawyers or interesting about the law or interesting about doctors. And that that overarching framework lets them do much more variety. >> So your channel's made a promise to the audience that the formats can be a variety because you're answering the audience expectation is clear for the channel. you've set the expectations for the audience to get more than one thing from you. >> So, there's been another new update, uh, many, but one is the subscription feed now has recommendations above the linear experience. Can you explain what happened and why that happened? >> Sure. So, uh, there's a bunch of dedicated people who love the subscription feed. It's not used by many people anymore, but the people who use it, myself included, really love it. But over time we subscribe to more and more channels and most people also myself included tend not to go through and take out stuff we don't watch anymore. So the subscription list gets longer and longer and the amount of videos we watch from it because everybody inspir like inspirationally we want to watch everything but we have very limited time. So I might really want to watch uh this video but there's like five other subscription videos I've got on top and I click one and two and then I'm out of time and I've not even scrolled down further to see. So, if some if the channels I follow published a 100 videos today, there's very little chance I'm going to get all the way down. Um, but so what we're trying to do is do a subset of recommendations based on your recent interests that only include the channels you're subscribed to. So that way, even if it's like the 50th video in the chronological index, but we know like you've been watching a lot of those kinds of videos lately, we want to make that easier for you to find. >> Got it. So, it's kind of an amalgamation for that user of their watch history, their recent behavior meets their subscription feed. >> It's a it's not all of YouTube like the homepage is. It's just your subscription vid subscription videos and we want to help you find the ones you want to watch. >> And so, and then of course people can still skip past that and see the linear experience. >> Yeah, it's one little shelf and you can blow right past it. >> If you're an entrepreneur or a creator that wants to scale their online business, that's why we created the Think Media Mastermind. I have so much more clarity as to my ideal target audience now, which means my content is about to be so much better and more targeted towards the exact person I'm trying to reach. >> Super intimate, highlevel strategy. >> I had the skills that I already knew sharpened. I feel like I went to my next level >> for entrepreneurs and creators that want to scale with YouTube. This was the first time that I was able to get in a room with a lot of other serious YouTubers and talk with other people who love creating content and love YouTube. Usually I don't get to do that. So this is really special. >> You can check it out at think mediamastermind.com. So another interesting thing is an update to shorts in terms of your own consuming experience of shorts. Shorts. Shorts are polarizing. Obviously, it's massive. >> Uh way bigger than Tik Tok now in terms of I think daily views. >> I don't know if it's bigger than Tik Tok or not, but there's a lot of daily views. >> Yeah, a lot of daily views. And then um obviously some people though say, you know, I don't watch shorts. I only watch long form. You can adjust your experience of shorts. How do you do that? >> Yeah. So, there's a shorts timer. You can go into settings and into the shorts timer and you can set it all the way down to zero if you want. >> What does the timer mean? What does it mean? It means how so some people just like I they think that they like you feel like I'm scrolling shorts too much. I only want to be able to scroll shorts for 10 minutes or I only want to give myself 15 minutes a day or like you can use it as parental controls too. You can say I only want my kid to get 5 minutes of shorts a day or 10 minutes of shorts a day. And you can set that timer to a range. You can also set it to zero. And when you set it to zero there's no more shorts feed but it also takes the shorts grids out of the homepage. Wow. >> If you really want to find shorts you can still go to the subscription tab for channels you've subscribed to or the channel page for those creators. you'll still see the shorts tab there and you can find them and play that one short, but you won't be able to keep scrolling shorts. >> So, basically, if you want to remove shorts from your YouTube experience, you just set the timer to zero. >> Yeah. And you can still go find like if there's a specific thing they want to find, you could do that. I mean, for some people, some people only watch shorts. Some people only watch certain topics and shorts. Like I will watch a dancing short. Uh I like I will not watch a like 30-minute dancing video. Nothing against it. It's just not like totally what I enjoy. And I'll watch like some people watch cooking shorts but not cooking videos. Everyone has their own thing and some people only want to watch long form. So we just want to give people like the ability to control their experience. >> Do you think best practice for shorts is to be thoughtful with selecting the thumbnail? >> So I think if you look at your your traffic source for the vast majority of channels it comes from the feed where where there are no thumbnails. But there are some people that get like significant search or browse traffic like they people click on the short shelf on the homepage or the short shelf in like in the in the search lead. And there it can be helpful because you're it's the same as a traditional thumbnail in that point where you're you're you're helping people decide if they want to spend their time with you >> cuz I have noticed that for some search shorts can show up as a result >> and also in just homepage experience >> you have long form you have a short shelf and in that case the thumbnail matters. I mean it can really help stand out >> and my workflow for doing it is when posting a short on mobile you can go in and select a frame >> and you can add text. >> Yes. So you could add like some clear one or two words to sort of reinforce that frame. Is that accurate with how >> Yeah, absolutely. And but I think like people are going to experiment with it because for some people in some channels highly polished like if you're running a videography channel something you might want a highly polished thumbnail like you would a long form but for a lot of people shorts are a casual experience and they want like you know there are huge shorts creators who like dance with like all the clothing all over their room and like they don't even think about thumbnails. Uh and some people do that in long form. probably white like moist critical penguin zero often doesn't even put a thumbnail. He just uses a frame millions of views every time he posts. So like figure out the vibe of your audience and then start experimenting around that. >> Gotcha. Okay. So you just did a couple talks here at the National Association of Broadcasters in Vegas. >> One of the things was on the algorithm and I'm curious if you were starting a YouTube channel today, what would you do differently based on what's changing or how the algorithm works now? if you explain maybe the understanding of some of that as well it could as what it could mean for us as everyday creators and business people that want to get >> Yeah. So I'm just going to predicate it by saying like I know how to make videos. If I didn't know how to make videos there'd be like a different answer including like a big learning curve on how to make videos. But like assuming I know what I know now I would >> in terms of storytelling. >> Yeah. Like I just know I can edit a video. I can make a video. Like I can make a thumbnail. I know like the whole process. If I was coming into it cold I would start making like a ton of videos just to get good at making videos first. Um, but now that I know that, I would make like the the 10 first videos I wanted for the channel. I'd make sure they had a very clear viewer journey so that somebody landing on the first video, it was a no-brainer to watch the second video. I would upload three to four of those videos right away when I launched the channel so that somebody landing on the first video would have a clear like they'd be able to binge watch immediately. >> You do it all on the same day. What would actually be that launch schedule? like when I hit when I told people about the channel. Like I'll just upload them all at the same time, put them live because like if someone likes the first video and there's nothing else for them to watch, I've only got one video in their watch history. And watch history is really important for recommendations cuz that's what tells us what people are interested in. So if I get three to four videos and someone's like, I love this, I want to watch. And at the end of that video, I'd be like, for the next video, like if you want the big picture, if you want the details, if you want like what's next, watch this video. And I get them to that video. And then I get to the next one. Suddenly I get two videos in watch history, three videos, maybe four videos. And then I would go to the regular schedule after that. and I would have enough videos that I'd have like a couple weeks to get the next batch ready. >> One of the uh statements we throw around here at Think Media is there's a couple things that are people are saying. This is an extreme, but I understand what people mean. They say subscribers don't matter anymore. >> Because we we both know you could have millions of subscribers and get like 50 views on a video. You could have 5,000 subscribers and get 500,000 views on a video. >> That each video needs to win on its own merits. Is that true? >> Yeah. I think like depending on what your goal is, like a friend of mine, Dave Whiskers, has a great saying that subscribers are every dollar you've ever had in the bank, which is an interesting number, but it's not as important as your current balance, which is like unique viewers per month or like average monthly viewers, things like that. >> Subscribers can matter. Like if somebody subscribed a week ago, 2 weeks ago, a month ago, and they're watching your content, it's a strong signal. If they subscribed 10 years ago, and haven't watched your channel in 5 years, it's a very weak signal. So YouTube does consider whether someone subscribed or not, but again it's depending on how recently and how engaged they are. Engaged viewers like people watching your channel, regular viewers are much more important these days. >> So then this would be the statement we throw around. Consumption is greater than subscription. >> Is that true? >> Yeah. People subscribe for a variety of reasons. Some people just want to bookmark the channel. Some people just think, hey, you deserve like a super like. I guess I'll give you a subscription instead. Different cultures, different regions subscribe at different rates. Some barely subscribe anymore. Some subscribe a ton. Uh, so it really varies, but I think like you can't depend on that number translating into like current success. I think it's like it's true for every media. Like just because you sold a million records before doesn't guarantee your next album is going to be great. Just because you had a great first two seasons of your TV show doesn't mean everyone's going to watch the third season. There's movie franchises where some of the movies aren't that good. So I think like this is just like the YouTube version of that. So when I say consumption matters more than subscription because if somebody consumes one or two videos, they start being recommended more. You're now in their watch history. >> And so that is why that's more powerful >> for future views. >> And people like if you subscribe to a channel when you're 17 and now you're 27, like your interest is so different and you might come back to it, but like you need to be engaged. There's >> literally like infinite content at this point and very finite time and people just like aspirationally they want to watch everything. But in terms of like they they can't. So being being recent, being there for them and those can change as like the news changes or other creators they'd find. But yeah, having someone who's an engaged regular viewer is more important than a subscriber. >> So coming back to if you were starting a channel from zero today, you would >> shoot a bunch of videos, you release four immediately. They're connected. You're going to keep that momentum up. >> One of the things you were talking about before we hit record though is also how the algorithm has evolved. There's been some changes to the YouTube algorithm. You mentioned more parameters. Explain that and how that would influence our content creation journey to maybe take advantage of it. >> Yeah, so the algorithm is always evolving. Like every day the team tries to make it better and better. Um, and by better and better, I mean like the algorithm's job is to serve the viewers to give you the video you want to watch at the time and on the device that you want to watch it. So for example, if you're on your phone waiting for coffee in the morning, you'll get a different set of recommendations than if you're in front of your television like ready to watch something long for the night. Uh so it does it tries to be smart about recommendations. What we're using now is like these larger models that let you hold more parameters so it can understand you better. Like one example is like let's say you watch a video on Indian food. Is it Indian food that you're interested in? Maybe it could be curries that you're interested in. And then maybe the recommendation should be for Thai curries. Like it should learn to understand you better. That's good for creators because we don't want our videos put in front of people who don't want to watch them. We like our numbers go down and we get all antsy about that. But also viewers don't want to have to like go through a bunch of videos they don't want to watch. They want to find something they want to watch relatively quickly. Uh so it serves the interest of both parties. >> Do keywords still matter? >> So depending on what you mean by keyword. So like the tags if you go like more about like tags at all. So yeah we know tags carry very little weight but when I think of an actual keyword or a keyword phrase it might be something very prominent in the title. >> To really latch on to a current idea or a current trend. >> Yeah. So the keywords only matter in so far as they serve the audience. So if like if your video is targeted for search and someone types in a question, you want to reflect back the language that's going to make them think your video is going to answer their question or their query or like best vacation spots in X. These are the best vacation spots in X. So like those are keywords, but really what you're doing is answering the question. And on the homepage you want to spark interest. And there's thing like someone might just say, I can't believe this happened to me today. None of those words are key to anything, but someone's like, well, what happened to them today? Yes. So it really only matters as much as it like it helps the viewer decide what to >> Yeah. So while tags carry almost no weight, titles carry a ton of weight >> for clarity, for accuracy. >> What about keywords being reinforced in what you're saying? Like the script themselves, the reinforcing >> of uh what that video is about to Google so knows how to organize it or >> Yeah. So like in like have a good an accurate description, but YouTube really goes off of the behavior. So like people will try to stuff stuff in the in the description. That's fine if it relates to the video, but you can't really trick it. Yeah. So because like people will be behaving like we will get data on that video very quickly. And if it's not what it says it is, people will click out and then it doesn't matter. Like there's no SEO in the world that can make a bad video good or get someone to watch the video that's not like a good match for them. So I wouldn't spend a ton of time on that. I would just make sure it's accurate and really helps serve the user. And so to the degree that you're writing like a quality script for the video or a quality outline, end of the day, even saying the keyword in that, it's still about viewer experience. >> Yeah. And like you can do it for primal brand, like again like primal branding reasons. Like if you want to reinforce what this video is about, when people click on a video, they take a risk. Like they could be clicking on any video, they could be watching any platform, they could be going outside and like touching grass. Uh so like they're turn they're going to give their time to you and it's a risk and it's an investment. And if you pay that risk off, like if you d-risk that when they click it, you tell them what the video what they're going to get in that video, they are more likely to keep watching it because you've sort of taken away the anxiety. >> You know, you're mentioning a really good uh framework and book that I know actually probably a lot of listeners have never heard of. >> And if you were starting a channel from zero today, >> you know, you mentioned Primal Branding. What is that? I'll make sure to link to it, but for those who maybe have just hearing about that for the first time. Yeah, it's sort of like uh you have a series of words that you think are important to you or you think it's important to your mission or to what you're the value that you're providing and you just hang a flag on that. Like again, like if I go back to Legal Eagle, it's think like a lawyer. He says that in the beginning of his video and he establishes what you're going to get out of that video. By watching this video, you will be better at thinking like a lawyer. Uh and a lot of channels will have that. Like they'll start off, they'll tell you what the video is about. In this video, you are going to XYZ. And the more you give people that, they're like, "Okay, I know what this video is going to be about." Then if that you if you deliver on that promise because no pro if you don't deliver on it people again will abandon the video. If you deliver on that you start to build uh basically like a reputation and retention across videos and I can very quickly say like go to Sean Kel he will teach you how to YouTube. Yes. >> And like whatever your branding is like I know Sean how to YouTube in my head I see your video I know what I'm going to get. It just builds that connection with the audience. >> That's great. And so Think Media Podcast uh that's a great classic book. I think it's been updated too for the social >> uh era as well and just a good book on branding and uh for all creators >> and there's a bunch of really good books on branding too but it's it's an important thing to understand if you're dealing with audiences. Is there others that you'd recommend? If there's thoughts of you, but I've read a ton of them, you know, there's also like great books on like uh Save the Cat, like on storytelling and Yeah. So, there's like like just be like if you want to be a creator, like be a viewer, like think like a viewer, ultimately serve the viewer, but also like learn all the things that people would learn like that you want to be good at, the skills you want to be good at. >> Yeah. Save the cat. One of the best on storytelling of all time for that every creator could learn from. One of the um biggest things I'm seeing creators talk about this all the time. There's layers to it, but there are channels that are potentially being deleted or demonetized and a big thing has been mainly AI slop would be the reason, but it would seem that YouTube is using AI clearly to be able to do this at scale. >> And maybe some channels are getting sucked into this and they they are able to appeal in in these cases and maybe get monetization back, but it seems to be pretty massive. It's a big wave right now. What exactly is happening with channels being demonetized or deleted? >> Are you a business owner or serious content creator that is struggling to crack the YouTube code? Are you feeling stuck, overwhelmed, or just plain frustrated with slow growth? If so, then our new one-on-one coaching program at viral videocoach.com is your premier ticket to YouTube success. becoming the authority in your niche, attracting engaged leads and loyal customers. We offer one-to-one coaching with our YouTube experts that will help you get results fast and a supportive community that's cheering you on. So, if you're ready to stop wasting time with trial and error and to stop leaving money on the table, then head to viralvideocoach.com to apply to see if you qualify for our coaching program. But heads up, this offer is not for everybody. It's only for serious content creators and entrepreneurs that are ready to take action. So, if that's you, head to viralvideoccoach.com to apply or click the link in the show notes. All right, let's jump back into the episode. >> The core of it, there's no difference if you're using AI or not AI. Like if you are creating spam as a person, if you're creating spam with CGI, with stock footage, with AI, like that is all against the community guidelines of YouTube, the ad friendly guidelines or monetization guidelines. So I think like AI can help you scale like people who are making spam can scale it more if they're using AI just because there's so many tools to automate those processes now. But the core is the same thing. And just like YouTube had to like deal with clickbait back in the day and then had to deal with waves of spam during the during like back in the day, this is like the next generation of spam. So, it's very similar. Like there's there's no I know it's like a trendy thing, but there's no like new AI moderation in place. Um YouTube has always used like a mix of humans and AI for things like recommendations, for anti-PAM, for moderation. Uh, and if you you go back, I think like whatever is happening now always feels like the most in your face, but if you go back a year, 2 years, 3 years, 10 years, like there's always been this tension. So, as much as possible, YouTube wants to make sure they get everything right. Um, they want to make sure that people have a great experience on YouTube. Uh, and I think like our CEO Neil Moan called out in his annual letter that specifically AI slop as a challenge for YouTube and we want to use technologies and the practices, the principles that we develop to fight clickbait and to fight spam to do the same thing with with slop content because it really is the new spam. Uh, so you might see like channels that are just doing like doing again highly repetitive content or like there's a whole list you can see for like spam, scam, all those kinds of engagement bait, those sorts of things. low effort, low quality. Uh we really want to get that right. And if we make a mistake, we really want to fix that. Uh and you can do that in creator chat, you can do that in in Twitter. We might miss some channels that that people think we should take down. We might take down some channels incorrectly and we want to fix those. Uh I always tell people it's like if if the referee sees your foot out of bounds and calls you, the other guy's foot's out of bounds, too. It's just the ref didn't see it. But if you point it out, like someone will go, "He didn't take this channel down." The ref will go, "Thanks. You're out of bounds, too." It's not going to stop you being out of bounds, but like you got the other guy, too. >> One of the strongest words that I've heard related to this, the word interchangeability. >> That if if you're like a faceless channel and you're making content, but nobody would know it was you, like that video and that script was from Chad GBT, could be on any other 100red or a thousand channels. And so one of the advice pieces ofi advice that's floating around is how important it is to have a unique brand if especially you're going to do like an AI channel if you will which another way to put it would almost be like maybe an animation channel but now AI just gives any creator the ability to create an AI avatar or something that's a unique brand. Would you give advice around that? Like that seems to be that if you're going to use AI, you want there to be kind of some unique IP there, some human creativity behind there. So it can't just be interchanged with any other channels. >> Yeah. So I would give that advice as a creator foremost. Like I don't think YouTube has a huge opinion on that. I think like as a creator though, like if I like Wendover is a faceless channel, real life floor is a faceless channel. I could pick out their videos in a second. Like there's no mistaking that video for anything else. Like it is distinct to those channels. But there are some videos where like to your point, it could be on any of a thousand channels. And again, that's not new to AI. People have been clipping TV shows or clipping cartoons or like anime for years and trying to do the same thing. Um, and like there's a whole bunch of like you can doing that you can get you can have copyright infringement issues because I think like sometimes people don't understand fair use like fair use is an affirmative defense. Um, and it's not like I edited it. That's uh like it has to actually be transformative. Yeah. But that you can also be demonetized for reused content. You can also have community guidelines for spam content like if you uploaded 300 movie clips like one after the other that are like very similar. So there's just like the not being original I think has some issues that you could face. But also like no one builds an identity. No one cares if you're there or not. Um and also like you could eventually be found violative and then the effort you put into that even if you think it's minimal because you automated it, it was wasted. >> Yes. Yeah. So that's good advice. So what you're you're saying is is now we do have all these AI tools and Alphabet parent company of Google and YouTube is very pro AI adding all kinds of AI tools. >> YouTube has a ton of AI tools >> and not Yeah. So the even AI video generation but the key though is spam or interchangeability and you'd still want to be putting human creativity behind it, originality behind it if you go down like a YouTube automation faceless path. >> Yeah. Yeah, I think like YouTube wants creators in the loop. Like YouTube is built for creators. Uh it's not built for machines. Like if you do machine content, that's technically against the community guidelines as well. Like we want we want like AI and any tool to service human creativity and have humans in the loop. Like you should still be the taste person, the person deciding these things, making artistic choices. This should be a tool that helps you. I've used this analogy before, but like I used to do graphic design and I would paint like paintbrush cars out of ad copy and then I got an airbrush and then I got Photoshop and then I got um contentaware fill and now I have generative fill. Like I'm still doing the job but these tools have made it so much faster to do it. It doesn't take me a day anymore. It takes like a few seconds and like AI can help you do things that you could never do before and help me do things faster and at bigger scale but they should be helping you do things. So, speaking of AI, there's a massive uh button on your YouTube channel. Now, in the back end, it's called Ask Studio. On the front end, it's called Ask Studio, I think. >> And I'm noticing we could hit it from two sides. One, it's this very powerful tool on the back, which is like a chatbot related to your channel. Break down what it is and what it can do. >> Yeah. So, YouTube Analytics has always tried to give as much metrics, as much information to people as possible. Like, I'm not great at that though. So, I'm not good at spreadsheets. I'm not good at pivot tables. And uh to be honest, like averages can be confusing. Statistics can be confusing. Like we've seen that when people panic if a video gets embedded somewhere and suddenly they think their view duration has gone down and it hasn't. It's only gone down for the embedded video because people clicked on it, didn't want to watch it. But if they go through traffic sources, go to browse homepage or they go to search like their their view duration is still great. But nobody really thinks to do that. So they think that then they turn off embedding or they react to it and they think it's it's hurt their channel. >> And your point there is that view duration >> on one video is a is a average number. But when you go to traffic sources, you actually see different lengths. >> And the only thing that matters for the homepage is the homepage view duration. The homepage view the homepage recommendations do not care about embedded view duration. Every traffic source is primarily motivated by the same traffic source. But people worry about that. They think it's hurting their video. Or like stat or like they might do multi-track audio and do a different language and see like, oh, I got a $10 CPM in America, but I got a $2 CPM in another country. Now I'm only getting $6. And it's that's the average, but the total you're getting is $12. That's what you're actually making. But they get confused and then they're like, I'm going to turn off the translation. Uh, and there's just like a ton of uh or CTR. CTR will tend to go down as virality goes up and then people wonder why I have a high CTR but I'm not getting views. It's because the oppo. So I think there's like a bunch of stuff in there that if you're not like really deeply in analytics are confusing and also like some people are visual not like numbers oriented and with ask studio I think you can just have a conversation. So you can just ask like what's happening in my comments? What's the sentiment? Like what what are people saying? What like how did my last video do? What's the opportunity for the next video? And just talk to it. And that just seems to me to unlock accessibility for so many people. >> So those are some of your favorite prompts. What listeners can do is they can uh go into Ask Studio when they're logged into their account and start talking to an AI about their YouTube >> Yeah. And then you can like like repeat the questions or like ask the qu like ask deeper questions like again like have a whole conversation. >> So then at the same time the same technology is on the front end and can be a a button that is >> on a YouTube video. So, I can click like, I could click share, and I might be able to click ask. Yeah. >> Which it might say, do you want a summary of this video? >> What are your thoughts on the fears, founded or unfounded, for creators that are like, shoot, now I put all this effort into a video, upload it, and someone could just summarize the the whole thing, and they might not watch it. >> Yeah. I mean, so I go back to like YouTube. YouTube only makes money when people watch the videos, too. So, it's in YouTube's best interest to make sure that people are watching videos. There's a whole there's no guarantee someone's going to watch a video. Even if they click on it, they might pause it. They might click out of it. So, a lot of the stuff, it's the same reason a creator can put a description into a video. It's to sort of like you've clicked on it, you're still not sure. They're reading the description. Do I really want to watch this? I only have so much time. And the overview is there to try to help people make an informed decision. So, the overview will tell them what's the video is about. And if you think it's a bad overview, you can also hit a button and complain about it. Uh send us feedback on it. Uh, but it's it's there to think like, does this really serve my need right now? And if it serves my need right now, I want to watch that video. It's the same thing like some people worry about chapters. They're like, "Oh, people are going to jump around. It's going to hurt my video." But what we found is that previously people would be like, "I'm bored. I'm leaving." But now they'll check the chapters and go, "Oh, this part is interesting. >> Oh, skip ahead." >> Yeah. Yeah. So, it's not like, yes, you are losing some watch time, but you're also preventing abandonment, which is better than than losing the watch time. And here it's the same feeling like yes there might be an element that people start to pick and choose what they want to watch more but it's going to stop people from just leaving. >> Is there any other aspects like in your talk you just did in regards to ask studio that we should be thinking about or need to know about? >> I think we're going to be working on developing it like as fast as we can too. So it's it's going to be a moving target and I think like keep using it, keep us feedback. If you see questions that aren't being answered the way you want, let us know. Uh because these things are trained uh it takes time to to get them up. Um, I think right now it's doing a lot of good stuff, but there's huge potential. >> Now, there's also some changes to live. One of the biggest is that you can dual stream horizontal and vertical at the same time. >> How's that work? >> That so that's great. So, one of the things we have like we have vertical video and the thing about vertical video is it can go into the shorts feed. So, it can lead to a lot more discovery, a lot more reach. You might get people who just tire kick come in and dip out again, but you might also find a lot of new viewers that way. uh but people were having to either go live horizontally and then start a whole separate stream for vertically then you have separate chat rooms and like two URLs to manage and it became a lot. So what we announced last year and have shipped already is you can go into the YouTube studio the live studio and you can create a stream that is both horizontal and vertical with a unified chat. So people on on phones will get the vertical uh video and people on desktops and TVs will get the horizontal one. They're both in the same chat room. The part we're building out now is to be able to do that for third parties as well, like your OBS or your V-Mix or your eCam to be able to set up different separate canvases. Put in two stream keys, have that unified chat as well. >> So once that's integrated with third party, it could just be >> cleaner. Yeah. >> With more customization. >> Yeah. More customization. Get it all set and then have it go live. But you're doing both and Yeah. And you know what that's going to look like the way that >> I guess com Yeah. They'd be at the bottom of the screen and horizontal a little bit different vertical if you bring them on screen. >> Well, like if you're a gamer like you might have your game on the side in your horizontal stream, but you want it on the bottom on your vertical stream or you might have graphics or like other information. It just lets you set up the canvas the way you want it. >> That's cool. YouTube recently did the four big priorities, right, of the year. What What are you most excited about or what do you think for the new creator or those that want to stay on the edge? What people should be paying attention to? What are you excited about? So I like my answer is going to just totally identify me like uh it's like the dynamic brand mentions like segments. So like right now you burn in uh brand segment and it's just there. Like you can go in with the studio and cut it out if you really want to but basically like it's either burned in forever or you're cutting it out. Doesn't change. So what you're going to be able to do is just set a spot like you do for a midroll ad, upload your asset, and it'll play that brand deal at that spot. Uh we're working on on more for this. For example, maybe you have a different brand deal in the US versus the UK versus um Hong Kong maybe. And so you can set a different deal. Well, initially it's going to be I believe based on a month. So like after that month, you can go back to that brand and say, "Hey, it's working really great. Do you want to reup?" Or you can go to another brand and say, "Hey, do you want to take on this lot?" Or you could switch to a house product if like the brand is not going to pay you anymore. You're not giving them free advertising anymore. >> When you say house product, do you mean your own product? >> Yeah, your own product. Like let's say like you're doing the Think Media convention. And you could have like for the first month all your videos cuz eventually we want to do back catalog as well. You have all your videos saying hey sign up for the Think Media convention and then as soon as the convention is over switch to hey get the replays and then a month later switch to like some other product. >> Yeah. So I would say that this is one of the biggest things that we're excited about. Lots of rumblings about this. >> Right now on audio podcasting you can do dynamic ad insertion at the beginning, in the middle, at the end. Turn it on, turn it off. And that could be anything. It could be, of course, something you've paid a sponsor for based on >> CPMs or your own in-house advertising, >> but what when's this coming out? >> So, we're working on it now. It's going to come out, we hope, by the end of the year. It is constrained to creator though. So, like it's not meant to be a replacement for midroll ads. So, you still have to be doing the ad. You can be about anyone's product, but it has to be >> Yeah. And that is it uh is it like the video plays and it triggers an ad at the point as opposed to changing the length of the YouTube video? >> Uh yeah, it'll it'll just insert whatever. So if you have like a two-minute brand spot, you could change it to a threeminute brand spot and it'll dynamically increase the length of the video to to >> So would video lengths be changing? >> They could be depending on video depending on the spot. >> So there's still it seems like there's still a lot of questions about exactly how this is going to how often could you do it? Could you change it every day? >> Yeah, I think right now we're working on like a month-long interval, but like I think in the future we'll we might do like a views like you've sold a million views, then after a million views you swap it out. I don't think we're going to have very rigid time limits. Uh sometimes people use way things unexpected ways. So I can't speak specifically >> cuz that's what I wonder if like yeah to your point >> you're changing every 5 minutes maybe that's not good for the system, >> right? We do we do have our own events in Vegas. We do like four a year total YouTube events. And so it would of course be nice to be able to dynamically insert an ad, >> but yeah, how often could we do it? >> We'll have a lot of more details later in the year. >> Those detailers are still rolling out. So as we land the plane um and we think about, you know, starting a channel from scratch, some new opportunities for seasoned and advanced creators. Also across the board, we all want to get views. What do you think is one thing that creators are doing right now that's actually hurting their growth that you notice? >> Yeah, I think it goes back to that original thing. I think like uh think of the algorithm as the audience. Think about your audience. I think if it it's if if you are in mainstream media um like there's a lot of really big properties now that aren't pulling views and there's no algorithm to blame it on. So, they're forced to think about audience affinity. But I think on YouTube because there is an algorithm, you can see like the video did great, yay me, the video did badly, damn it, the algorithm hates me. It's punishing me. And that doesn't give you an opportunity like you lose all your power that way. You don't have any opportunity to change your destiny. But if you think about it and like what did this video miss like what didn't this video do well. Uh in hindsight you can tell like oh this video is great. It's hard to predict what's the next video doing greatest. All you can do is look at it learn from it and and implement. And I think if you have that like I want to make the audience happy mentality that unlocks like just so much agency so much power so much like future resiliency for you on YouTube. >> I love that. And when you look ahead and you think about trends, you obviously get to connect with a lot of creators. >> I what's funny about this is sometimes uh a lot of people like to think in extremes. There's been the term of like the Mr. Beastification of YouTube, >> which would be like high retention energy editing. And then people go to the extremes of like >> that's dead. And I'm like, that's ridiculous. It's obviously not. You know, there's massive audiences, but they'll say the pendulum swing is to authentic content. What does that mean? But it might be more stripped back, laid-back vlogs. I'm just kind of curious maybe what do you see on the horizon when you think about trends, white space. >> Where the puck's going. >> Yeah. Create to where the the audience is going to be. Um I think part of this is that we create our own bubbles. So sometimes people think like there's a beastification because all they're watching is Mr. Beast content. But at that same time that when when Jimmy was blowing up, the biggest trend on YouTube was cozy comfort content. It came out of the pandemic with people doing study with me and then it turned to like cozy camping and like woodworking where it was no longer I want to learn how to make wood or leather. I just want to watch someone who's good at it while I'm doing things. It's like it's playing in the background. It reminds me other humans are out there. And that was like the the biggest channel. They were like hourlong videos getting millions of views. Uh not one channel but all these channels and we've seen a lot of that too like just people like making epoxy tables and all sorts of things. So, uh, YouTube is so vast that it's very hard to say like there's a beastification or any like an authenticification of anything. It's just what what you're looking at, um, is where you see that. And like our our friend Todd Brey loves to send me like corners of YouTube I've never imagined before. And like there it it serves so many people. So like you can do almost anything you want on YouTube. You have to be realistic in terms of what's the size of the audience for this because some topics just don't have as broad an appeal. Mr. Beast works because almost anybody can watch a challenge video. If you're doing like folk pottery from a civic region, there's probably a smaller audience for that. But like if that's what you love, you can find and build an audience and a community around that. I think like the trend is going more towards like having those relationships doing live like you know the power of live like just in building audiences and community. Um I think speed has also shown like how fast you can blow up but also like how you can mobilize people. Like the amount of people that will go to a street that they think speed is on is ridiculous. And I think people are going to figure out like what like the next generation like there's always like everything gets reinvented. They discover podcasts every 3 years. They discover rediscover live streaming every 3 years. I think now we're in a phase with video podcast with live streaming that all of that is going to be like just growing more and more for the next year or two. >> And then finally, what what would you say is kind of the mindset cuz I think it's easy. >> You know, I've been doing this a long time. I started in 2007 making videos for my small town church >> and so that's almost you know up on the whole two decades of YouTube itself >> and all the time people are always like is it too late you get you kind of get more saturation idea or more more competition >> but yet YouTube is just ever expanding and to your point I like that you mentioned the bubbles because it's totally true >> our algorithm makes us think >> this is exactly what's happening >> or our social media circles >> Yeah or our social media circles whereas somebody else's algorithm or the homepage is a whole different thing >> I get all the time like you only reply to big creators. I'm like no like you can go to my timeline I respond to everybody but you're only following the big creators so that's the only thing that you see me >> both of you guys. Yeah. >> Yeah. It's interesting like perception versus reality. So I am curious when we look forward cuz YouTube just turned 20 years old >> in the recent you know event it was kind of like what what's on the horizon of the next 20 years. Like what do you think is the legitimate opportunity though for like the new creator starting right now looking at the uphill battle of like how competitive it feels >> to make it in today's landscape. >> One of my favorite things and this by no by no means the first person to say this is like go to a big creator go to like Jimmy's page or Marquez's page sort by oldest >> like you will see like they started at the bottom and it took hundreds if not thousands of videos for them to start making it. I think there is a bit of mentality now like if I haven't and we I see this on Reddit and I see this other places. It's like ah I posted videos for a couple weeks and I'm I'm not blowing up yet like I'm over. Um like just like we had to like post videos for a long time to get any subscribers to get any growth. And it like the first few years on YouTube were school. They're not business. You've got to learn. I think the advantage now is that there's so many more people to learn from. Like when we were starting there was no road map. There were no giant YouTubers to like certainly not across many genres to actually learn from to see things. There was nowhere nearly as much information available. There weren't channels like Think Media to help people. Now there's so much information available that if you I think if you are strategic about it, you pay attention and you look at it like I need to learn this like you were going to do any other job. Like there's basketball courts everywhere. Getting to the NBA is still hard. They're like anyone can upload to YouTube. Getting to like to become a top creator is still hard. But if you apply yourself, if you're a student of that, I think there's just endless opportunity now. >> That's good. And there is a resource. There always has been, but what's been the journey of the uh creator insider channel? >> There used to be two channels. Now there's one. We'll make sure it's linked up. >> Oh, thank you. Yeah. >> What? Yeah. What is this resource? >> So, uh YouTube has a few channels cuz it's YouTube. Um, one of them was creator insider which was started by the product team and it was really like the the goal was to put YouTube creators together with the creators of YouTube so it could be more of a dialogue like the the product teams would see the feedback from the creators and the creators would see like the actual human beings making YouTube and what they cared about and how important creators were to them. And we also had YouTube insider which was like where I would go and like go to events and talk to creators and do that but it became like unwieldly to manage both. So, we've combined them together. Now, under creator insider, you can find creator advice shorts where all like all different kinds of creators and all different kinds of places give you their best advice on all sorts of things like how to deal with flop videos or like how to monetize or how to do brand like everything that you can think of. And then we have Ask YouTube where like I'll go to ask Todd like recently there was a video that said the file name mattered like the file name of the video upload really matters and I asked Todd he's like no it does doesn't matter at all. And I want to be able to give people those answers from the sources of the information. And then we we're going to have like news and stuff on there. And we do a podcast on there where we try to bring um people who work at YouTube together with creators to talk about like the stuff that we're launching. >> Yeah, I love it. So we'll make sure that that's linked up in the show notes and then if people want to connect with you, follow you, where can they find you? >> Yeah, I'm I'm Renee Richie on all the things. >> Yeah, Big Media Podcast. Check out uh links in the show notes and smash like if you're on the video version of this. If you're on audio, rate and review. My name is Sean Kel, your guide to building a profitable YouTube channel.

  Top Comments:
  1. @ThinkMediaPodcast [4 likes]: What was your biggest takeaway? 🔥Apply for our exclusive 2-day Las Vegas event designed to take your channel to the next level ➡ http://thinkmediamastermind.com/
  2. @SeanzViewEnt [4 likes]: thanks to youtube and all the changes ALL NEGATIVE, this was a full time job, now ill soon be homeless , with over 160,000 subscribers thanks youtube!
  3. @RonEmpire [2 likes]: the new UI  for "videos" and "live" tab showing 3 videos instead of 4 is rather an annoying change.  They really should just put in the option on the top right corner area (on the same line as the sort/filter options) to view the number of videos per row.   these giant thumb nails make it harder to see the videos below that.  Giving Viewers how to watch and browse their favorite channels is better than being forced how we should be watching.  Especially on a bigger monitor with more real estate, I want to see more videos per row.
  4. @ThePeacefulProfessor [2 likes]: Great video!! As a small creator trying to make it myself these are very informative and a huge help
  5. @johnclay7644 [1 likes]: informative stats, and insight, thanks think media.
  6. @northboy68 [1 likes]: I got 88 subs in the last couple weeks on my main channel @samsonofLA!

Now I'm at 776!

Something is happening
  7. @BenjaminPope [1 likes]: I'm still posting
  8. @AmbercoolPhotography [1 likes]: It's confusing for creators because YT wants repeatable consistency, but repeatable content is against policy.
  9. @IvoryOasis [1 likes]: The "have 4 videos ready to go" is SUCH BS. You think that is really going to help with the 30 impressions (if you are lucky) that youtube drip feeds a new channel? LOL.
  10. @Nattyverse: 18:38 how does the algorithm know if we’re waiting for coffee or sitting in front of our tv?
  11. @REALHARSH: Do you think its quite ironic that this channel will nearly 400K subscribers has a video telling people what they need to do while the platform is restricting the reach of its content to debilitating levels. How about asking THAT question... why have, all of a sudden, views across the platform dropped off a cliff and what is going to be done moving forward to remedy this sudden, dramatic..and for some catastrophic change. As of watching this video its garnered less than 6500 views, 391 likes yet apparently has a BASE AUDIENCE of close to 400K people!! THAT IS INSANITY!
  12. @60andSolo: My channel has been stuck on Step 2 of the AdSense monetization. I can't solve the error. It is so frustrating and I hear this is actually very common. My content is original and people are authentically engaged. I am very sad about this and don't know how to solve. Any recommendations?
  13. @MidoriTigris: ❓... HOW do you create a thumbnail for shorts?  I have never seen that option.
  14. @bittervaccine: The real reason most channels stay small?...Nobody knows why they should come back after one video🙁
  15. @MidoriTigris: Yes, but youtube takes it to the extreme imo!

Just because I watched ONE Brain Rot celebrity drama type video DOES NOT mean I want my entire homepage flooded with that crap for the next week.

And the only way to get rid of it is to click "not interested" on nearly all of them in order for YouTube to get a clue 

Watching ONE video (even two) is not a "strong indicator" of deep and genuine interest
  16. @SunsyloSouvannaraj: I started my YouTube channel for about 6 weeks now and uploaded 5 videos so my question do I really have to pick a niche 😅
  17. @thefewcarnivores: When people click on a video they take a risk... never looked at it like that. Also checking out primal branding...I feel like I instinctively do this, but not sure
  18. @Odinvex-1: The background song can get copyright of your video
  19. @itsafya: Shorts hurts kids brains vs long dorms.
  20. @goingtheextramile1: Can’t wait for the new features

- Why Your Facebook Ads Get Rejected (And How to Fix It in 2025): Kind: captions Language: en What is happening everyone? Welcome back to another video in my channel. So, your Facebook ads are getting rejected even if you follow their rules and guidelines. Or maybe your ad was running for a while and then suddenly it got rejected and you don't even understand why. So, don't worry. I got you. I've been through this thousands of times and in today's video, I will show you the easiest way to avoid it. Avoiding ad rejections and potentially risking your entire ad account of getting fully disabled or worse than that, losing your entire Facebook profile. So, here is the real problem. Facebook policies and guidelines are so confusing and they give you zero clarity about it. So, it's super easy to make mistakes and getting your ad rejected and potentially losing your ad account. They say you violated some kind of policy and you are not sure even which one or they don't tell you where. Whether it's your ad copy, your image ad, maybe it's your video or even how to go ahead and fix it. So, what do you do? You start guessing. You start rewriting. You start submitting your ad again. And then most of the time, what ends up happening is your ads getting rejected again. And most of the time if you get too many ads rejected, you will lose your ad account because of it. So hopefully you're still not in that stage. So as I mentioned before, I got you. Don't worry. So what I did is I created a free Facebook ads tool which essentially helps you to go ahead and check and validate that your ads are fully compliant. I call this meta ads compliance checker. Essentially what it is is a GPT assistant and is designed to help you with making sure your ads are compliant and it's constantly learning the latest Facebook ads policies so you don't have to go ahead and update it. Now what you can actually go ahead and check with this tool is your ad copy, your image ads, your video scripts. So essentially all your ad creatives materials. So before you go ahead and submit that to Facebook, you want to put them to this free tool, get the approval that these ads are compliant and then go ahead and upload them into Facebook. Now also make sure that if your ads are not compliant, it will give you an alternative ID, alternative text, so you don't have to try to figure out what is compliant or not. So it will give you a couple options that you can go ahead and choose from. And as I mentioned before, it's completely free and I will leave a link to it down in the description. Now, for those that are more in advanced stages and really want to scale their Facebook ads, you can get your ad account disabled and restricted not because of ad rejections, but if you try to scale aggressively and other different things and that's where agency ad accounts come very in handy. So, just in a nutshell, agency ad accounts, it's ad accounts that you rent out from a big agency that spends 7, 8, 9 figures a year, and they give you the option to rent out their ad accounts. And the whole caveat is that they get much better treatment than Facebook. And not just because of that, but overall using these ad accounts for over a year now and all my clients using these accounts as well. I barely remember the last time that my ad account got disabled or I had a pause with my ads. So for those that really try to scale their ads and they want to see consistency, agency ad accounts is definitely the way to go for. Now, in case you don't know what are agency ad accounts, I will leave a link to a video right over here that I explain everything about agency ad accounts and the benefits. And in case you would like to work with my own agency, I will leave a link in the description that you can go ahead and apply for a one-on-one meeting with me and we can see if we are a good fit. So hopefully you took some value out of this video. If you did, make sure to drop a like and subscribe to the channel if you haven't already. Thank you so much for watching, amigos. And until the next one, peace. [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @tokentopics [8 likes]: what's crazy is I see so many ads on FB that are in fact scams and misleading yet someone making an honest ad gets rejected ..
  2. @yashpatvekar5054 [3 likes]: Both your links arent working
  3. @razamour [1 likes]: thanks man
  4. @JoelJoshua_Official: submited my name and email for your free tool but nothing came through
  5. @tokentopics: what's crazy is I see so many ads on FB that are in fact scams and misleading yet someone making an honest ad gets rejected ..
  6. @Lana_ozn: Waste of time, just repeating the same sentence and at the end no explanation
  7. @ashleyhayaty: Are they giving back our payment?
  8. @C_G_M_G_C: Good I hope all your lame ads fail. I am sick and tired of AI vrap amd sick and tired of sexual ads. Go f youtself if you are one of the owners of this ad.
  9. @vincenzobiasetti2014: I give you my details but nothing's appearing in my mailbox
  10. @digitalluxury2033: Thanks
  11. @Basam_life: My brother, the site does not work. Perhaps I tried to reduce the link. The site link appears to me. I have to reduce the link.
  12. @city-2b2t: Can I use my creditcard to run the ad in the agency ad account?

- How to Recover a Disabled Facebook Ad Account (Step-by-Step Guide for 2026): Kind: captions Language: en in just 3 minutes I'm going to explain what you need to do to recover a disabled Facebook ad account because most videos on this topic waffle on a lot so if you're watching this video you've probably had your account disabled and what's worse is that you probably did nothing wrong this is important to note at this point is that if you have broken meta's rules this might not work if you've broken them a little bit and you say sorry it might work but if you've broken them a lot the big rules it's not going to work unfortunately you're going to have to serve your ban so meta's account disabling algorithm is terrible and it misfires all the time if you advertise on meta for long enough your account will almost certainly be disabled at some point but thankfully it's relatively easy to resolve now this whole process will make you want to throw your computer out of the window so please stay calm don't panic and follow the simple instructions so this is a three step process step one when you get the notification that your account has been disabled there will be a link to request a review now generally the next steps won't work unless you have first requested this review orbe it I very much doubt this will review will do anything as you're simply asking the AI to take another look and I've never known this to work first time meta will want a little bit of information so simply explain that you haven't broken the rules and that this is a mistake then wait for them to inevitably tell you that they're upholding their decision and you've got to serve the ban but but once you've done this you can move on to step two which is to contact meta support so let's dive into the laptop I'm going to show you how you can reach out and contact meta support team so this you will recognize is the Facebook ads platform and you just come down here to click this help this question mark now please bear in mind that everybody's what they're going to see in this help section is going to look slightly different I do have a video which explains fully how to go through this process but I'm going to give you a Whistle Stop tour of it now so you can see here when it's loaded up up I've been presented with something that just says chat now talk to your meta marketing Pro you might not have that option so there might be some other things that you need to do you might need to come down here and click this get support button or it might give you a load of different options to speak to to have a look at various help articles that actually aren't going to be very useful to you at all whatever you do is just navigate through that system until you can physically contact meta support and when you get hold of someone lay it on thick you know this is really damaging to your business the algorithm has made a mistake and importantly ask them to escalate the case for a manual review that bit's really important because the meta support team they don't actually work for meta they're an outsourced support team and they need to escalate the case to somebody within Facebook who can override the decision now step three is to contact your meta marketing Pro if you have one if you don't have one this step isn't available to you but if you do get in touch with them as soon as possible and explain the situation importantly just like with the support team you need to ask them to escalate the case to the internal review team to escalate it I can't stress that enough these are the actual people in meta who can override the system's decisions now unfortunately that's it that's all you can do once you've successfully escalated the case they will tell you that it will take up to 48 hours for a decision I've known it take up to 3 weeks which can be nightmare for you so stick with it but it has also come back in as little as 2 hours unfortunately the algorithm inappropriately trips the ad count disabling but with Mark Zuckerberg just releasing some updates this should start to improve really really soon but for now those are your only three options so get them done if you have any questions leave some comments and we'll help you out with your problem take care don't forget to like And subscribe and we see you next time [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @DoorofFacts [23 likes]: Happened to me two days ago. Complete nonsense. No one in the history of me having Instagram or Facebook which I’ve both had for over 12 years has ever accused me of anything like this and now ok being banned. So vague as well no idea what I’ve some. So frustrating and hurtful
  2. @FRANCOISETREMBLAYGRIFFING [20 likes]: I'm in the same boat. Filled out countless forms on Facebook's support page. Uploaded my drivers license and even my federal ID multiple times. No response. 18 yr old account gone. 
 Beyond frustrated.
  3. @brightlyfalse [19 likes]: It's so bizare.  No 'contact' support button or 'get call' button available for me.  They won't even respond to my old Meta Business Support chat on messenger anymore
  4. @Zoro_ytt1 [19 likes]: this has just happened to me. But of course facebook has changed they're links and webpages and removed every possible spot to send a message and chat with someone. any recommendations if all else fails?
  5. @annusharma5707 [19 likes]: They don’t have a customer service line either so getting a human to restore the account is nearly possible. This is why AI shouldn’t replace human customer service agents. They don’t have sympathy or have knowledge of context.
  6. @SarahDymond-d4o [19 likes]: My account was disabled, and all I get is a notice to supply a video selfie. But I have an older computer with no camera. And they give no way to submit a selfie from my iPhone. In fact, it allows me to go nowhere at all. I've been stuck here for months. Any insights from anyone?
  7. @makaakhaladze4811 [1 likes]: very helpful !
  8. @AdamBluesea [1 likes]: 77_fix is the best when it comes to account recovery, l can say this because he came through for me many times..
  9. @ilovecheating [1 likes]: got banned back in 2021 and i followed the link to review and it was "removed or broken"
  10. @GatluakBiel-o6w: My Facebook it was suspended how can I recovery it
  11. @GivemeanameA: its stupid that we need a whole video just to contact Meta. Stupid UI. Stupid company. i'm done witth them
  12. @timepaasv2: Helo friend my Facebook view's are higher but earnings are down example 5000 views 0.02 dollar only what can i do
  13. @wendyrogers9799: Hi Jamie,
I just came across your video and would like your advice please. I was accessing my Facebook business page fully that is including ad manager and so on. After I signed up with Meta business suite I was asked to do the 2FA and got locked out of ad Manager completely. My admin has access to my account and I have full control. Neither of us can access the ad manager now.  If anyone out there can help with some advice I'll be happy. Thank you kindly.
  14. @StormCosette: Don't mean to pile on here but I just don't get why anyone wouldn't like Bennett lustig The calm, professional manner combined with practical advice helped restore both account and peace of mind.
  15. @DLB1965: I've been banned from fakebook forever just for telling the TRUTH
  16. @RocketUnitR8: Not improve in the last year and I spent over 100 minutes talking on phone with support agents I was connected to from AI support and they lead me just to more restrictions.
  17. @VRStoned1978: I used facebook ad settings weekly. deleting 3rd partyy advertisers using my information, removing ad suggestion words, blocking watched ads. NOW I am blocked from the AD Settings! The ad settings page simply does not work anymore. Its a thing. I can see on reddit that othrs that do same have their ad settings blocked.  Everyone use a browser not an app.
  18. @Bazza5000: I guess I can't do this. It asks me log-in, but I forgot my password, so I can't. 18 year old account. Falsely stated I violated community standards. Strange.
  19. @Bazza5000: I don't even have a business, didn't do anything, and lost my account for no reason. I requested a review and didn't do anything.
  20. @pappifunvibes: Galti se Facebook Ne hamara add account disable Kar Diya help me Sar Sar mein kaise use fix Karun sar mujhe samajh mein utna nahin aata hai 🥹🙏

- How to Remove Account Restriction on Facebook - 2026 New Method: Kind: captions Language: en in this video I will show you step by step how you can remove account restrictions on Facebook so make sure you follow all of the steps in this video for it to work correctly so first of all we need to head over to our Facebook and then from here you want to click on your profile picture in the top round corner now what we need to do is scroll down until you see the option for settings and privacy click on the drop- down menu and then select settings once we select settings you want to click on the account Center at the top and from here you want to go down to personal details once we click on personal details select identity confirmation and from here you want to click on confirm your identity now once you have confirmed your identity The Next Step will be to go back and then once we go back all the way to this section right here you want to go to the drop down menu and click on help and support once we click on help and support you can then click on report a problem and then once you do this as you can see it will now ask you to shake your phone wherever you do encounter the problem so once you do that all you simply need to do is be patient and then Facebook should then fix the problem that you are having with restrictions on your account

  Top Comments:
  1. @HowToOnline- [14 likes]: Leave a like on the video if you are awesome!
  2. @ruelballada2508 [2 likes]: Useless
  3. @paulmcgloin5966 [2 likes]: I've been restricted until the 10th Jan, no reasons given
  4. @Liane6n [1 likes]: KrydonSecure You deserve serious recognition for helping people recover their digital lives when they feel completely powerless.!!!!
  5. @Jocrawleym5j [1 likes]: Many thanks and respect, Krydonsecure : by enabling account recovery you protect people from impersonation, identity theft, and harassment — the world needs more people like you.!!!!
  6. @marisamitz [1 likes]: mine doesnt have personal details???
  7. @PreciousPayne-s8s [1 likes]: I just made a new one then add my number to it
  8. @NamasayaThakur [1 likes]: my facebook account has over 100 public reels, but they're not visible to non-followers even though my account's public. settings are correct, but random accounts can't see content.
  9. @sheriwahinekapu7033 [1 likes]: Twice in the past 2 days, frustrated
  10. @hebamokhtar7645 [1 likes]: Not worth king
  11. @WroughtIronR: Hello! Are you stuck in the sheering pen? Follow this video into the slaughter. Happy New World Order!
  12. @MiguelLugo-u8x1s: This is useless. Believe me, I've tried everything. I've had sentry blocks for 2 years and can't receive push notifications on my device. Support is useless.
  13. @BeHappy-64: I guess a year old video is obsolete?  I got to profiles and personal details and that’s where it ends.
  14. @Howard-y5o: Many thanks and respect, krydonsecure by enabling account recovery you protect people from impersonation, identity theft, and harassment — the world needs more people like you….
  15. @roaddogkeithrhode1161: I try I nothing
  16. @ofwgoldenheart7722: Thank you for sharing this vedio host 
New friend
  17. @adventurelifemedia3724: Thank you so much for this video. This past summer, the payment team reached out in Messenger, wanting me to verify identity, while my payments would be put on hold, I missed that message, as it got buried payments, stopped coming in, reached out to support, they sent me to payment day. All said it was suspicious activity. I explained that there was no suspicious activity on my account, it was all related to something with my identity needing to be verified. They refused to address the issue and say all you have to do is follow these particular steps.  Well, I submitted a passport, we will see what happens as of right now. My tax screen is still wanting me to fill out international foreign tax documents. Even though all my American W7 and W nines are verified, so we will wait a few days and see how this goes and if my identity gets verified correctly, and if that does, thank you for posting this video, they bury this so far down in the system that once you know where it is, it's easy, but they don't tell you how to find the stuff. And when you reach out to Meta support, all they ever do is send you educational documents on how to prevent these issues in the future without actually addressing the  Particular issue
  18. @deaconjohn6838: Im allways getting restricted no reson why just says restricted
  19. @Jerelynlanoso-qp4dw: pleas hellppp my Facebook accc was permanent disabled its very important to me, since im pregnant to my son untill now she's turning 3yrs old memories, i need so much  please how to find form for requestting  review again🥲🥹🙏🙏🙏
  20. @vincecool72: Guys seriously if you fixed it let us all know because these viruses that keeps commenting that they fixed it by using this and that links is viruses and it’s sad why they keep destroying our problems and we all know that. These viruses wont ever stop so please if you guys know the real fixer tell us so we can get rid of these stupid viruses

- How To Fix a Restricted Facebook Account In 2026: Kind: captions Language: en all right so you started running Facebook ads but now you got restricted or banned and now you can't run ads anymore what do you do now are you doomed forever or is there a way around it and if so how can we get around it so we can start running our ads again and scaling our business well in this video I'm going to show you guys the most common ways that people get restricted on Facebook and I'm going to show you guys solutions to get around each one of those and make sure you stay to the end cuz I'm going to show you guys a little trick that will get your account back no matter what we rich from anywhere baby okay so the first thing you should know is that when it comes to getting restricted on Facebook there are levels of severity meaning there are some things that are really easy to get around and then there's some things that are really hard to get around and I'm going to actually break down all of the most common ones on this video and I'm going to start with the easy ones and I'll end with the harder ones now as I'm going through this video and I'm I'm showing you guys what to do if you have any questions please drop them in the comments below and I'll do my best to answer everyone and also if you have any insight about things that I don't know or things that I didn't share in this video that could also help out the community please drop them in the comments below Let's help each other out so that we can take advantage of this incredible tool called Facebook ads you know they're they're an incredible way to scale our business make more sales all that stuff but when we're restricted we can't really take advantage of it right so sharing is definitely caring drop in the comments below and um let's get into it so the first way that a lot of people get restricted on Facebook is actually very easy to fix and it's actually just confirming your identity or turning on two Factor authentification so sometimes you'll see this in your ad account or your business manager somewhere you'll see like a little notification that says you know hey you're restricted from ads and you just have to confirm your identity right so click on whatever link is in that notification and then what you'll do is you'll go over to um the page that it takes you to and you'll either have to confirm your identity if that's what they're asking for and typically what you'll have to do is just upload your your ID like your driver's license or a passport or something so from my experience sometimes this can be resolved very quickly like instantly and sometimes it can take days for support to get back to you so it just kind of depends on what Facebook support is like feeling like that week that's one way that you can do that right if you have to confirm your identity the other one is turning on two Factor authentification which is basically just a way for you to protect your account from other people trying to log in which is essentially just sending a text message to your phone and um you know putting in a code stuff like that right so if that's the issue for you what you'll need to do is go over to business. face.com settings and then what you're going to do is you're going to scroll down on the left hand side to where it says business info and then you're going to scroll down to where it says business options and then you're going to hit this little menu right next to where it says two Factor authentification if it's says no one you'll basically change this to either admin only or everyone and then at that point it should tell you what you need to do next like it'll ask you hey do you want to use a text message or do you want to use a thirdparty app you just choose whatever is the best for you after you confirm your identity or turn two Factor authentification on you should be good to go and your account should be rocking and rolling so the next very common thing that happens to a lot of people is they actually get their ad account restricted all right so this is a little bit more severe because with your ad account this is the actual place where you run all of your ads from so if your ad account is is restricted you can't run any ads um in that ad account now the very first thing that I always try to do is I try to just create a new ad account inside of the same business manager right so what I'll do is I'll go over to uh business settings so business. face.com settings and then I'll go over to the add account tab on the left hand side side and then I'll scroll up to the very top and I will try to hit add and I'll try to create a new account sometimes it'll let you create a new account and if so awesome go ahead and create that account hook up a payment method to it and you should be rocking and rolling sometimes it won't let you create a new account now the first thing I typically do if I can't create a new ad account is I will actually reach out to support and the easiest way to reach out to support is actually going to this link right here that I'm going to put on the screen and then what you'll do is you will scroll down until you see where it says still need my help and click this little button that says contact support and then typically it'll either load up a new screen or it might even just pull out like a little menu on the right hand side and basically it'll give you the different ad accounts that you have here and you're going to just select the ad account that you're having issues with and then basically just kind of take it from there A lot of times when you select the ad account it'll tell you what wrong and it'll kind of give you um something to do like if you need to confirm your identity or if something's wrong it'll kind of tell you what to do at that point so just kind of follow the prompts and see if that part can help you now if this particular solution doesn't work for you it's not letting you you know get your account back or it's not letting you create a new ad account then what I would do at that point is actually go ahead and create a new business manager the way that you do that is you go to business. face.com overview and you will go ahead and create a new business manager at that point now here's a little tip from experience okay when you create this business manager this new one do not use the same email that you used on your old business manager because basically they will link those two things together and a lot of times they'll just shut your new business account down because they're basically seeing that you're just trying to circumvent the process okay so use a completely different email and make sure it's an email that you have access to cuz they're going to send you an email to confirm your identity also so when you're hooking your payment method up to this new business manager make sure you use a different credit card than you used on your old business manager also very important sometimes they'll link those two things together and they'll see oh this person is just trying to circumvent the process and they'll shut your new business manager down as well hey have you ever wondered why all your competition are crushing it with Facebook ads making all this money with email marketing text marketing but yet you're over here still trying to figure it out it hasn't really worked for you you're still trying to crack the code give me just a quick second and I'm going to show you exactly why that is most people think that social media and digital marketing is very complicated and it's overwhelming that is not the case it's not the subject matter that makes it difficult it's your studying method that makes it difficult most people go off and they try to learn by watching YouTube right so they watch 700,000 YouTube videos they're learning from 700,000 teachers and they wonder why they're confused what you need is someone to sit down and explain things to you in an organized manner here's step one step two step three my name is stepen Blackburn I'm the co-founder of Rich from anywhere and we are a marketing mentorship company we teach business owners just like you how to run ads how to do email text marking all this stuff and we make it super super simple for you go over to our website Rich from anywhere.com click on the trainings tab see some of our pre-recorded video courses you can go through that and you can learn a ton but if you're someone who wants a little bit more handholding a little bit more of an accelerated approach to get results faster click contact us and request to schedule a call with us we're going to listen to what's going on in your business see where your bottleneck at and see if we're a good fit to help you but guys all I can say is you can have the most amazing products and services in the world but if nobody knows who you are it doesn't matter so get your marketing game up now let's get back to the video you were watching the Third Way that sometimes happens it's a little bit more serious is actually when you get your whole business manager restricted from running ads and a lot of times this can happen because maybe you had um a lot of ads that were just going against their policies over and over and over again and you just kept getting flagged that can happen um another thing that I've also seen is that when you miss a lot of payments on your Facebook ads that will basically put red flags on your account and if you and if it keeps happening they can shut your account down that way as well so always make sure that you have a good valid card that has sufficient funds and it's not failing payments all the time um but if your business manager gets restricted then most of the time you can also try to reach out to support the same way that I just showed you a second ago go to the link that I put on the screen right here and then go through and try to contact them and see if you can get it back but if you can't which happens a lot of times you're going to have to create a new business manager so you're going to basically go through the same exact process that I just told you about before business. face.com overview create a new business manager and when you create the new business manager don't use the old email don't use the old credit card use completely different assets so they don't link those two things together and then basically at that point when you're able to create a new business manager then the next thing you're going to have to do is you're going to have to disconnect all the assets from your old business manager and then reconnect those assets to your new business manager and what I mean by that is your Facebook page your Instagram page domains that you have hooked up to it like any anything that you have hooked up to that business manager you're going to have to disconnect it from the old one first and then you'll have to reconnect it to the new business manager afterwards sometimes that can be a little bit of a pain so definitely comment below I'll see if I can help you out through those situations but that's basically the way that you're going to need to do that and another little thing to think about too is that when you create a new business manager a lot of times they won't allow you to just start running ads immediately right sometimes you need to kind of like have your account um open for a couple days maybe up to a week before you can start running ads but that's on a case-by casee situation but just something to think about now the fourth way and it's by far the worst way to get restricted is actually getting your personal Facebook account restricted from running ads Okay the reason why this is the most severe is because basically this is this is kind of like the hierarchy how it goes right you have your personal Facebook account and then you have you can create a business manager underneath your personal account then you can create an ad account inside of the business manager and then it kind of goes like that so that's the reason why when you get your personal account restricted automatically everything else inside of that account gets restricted too just from my own experience it's very difficult to get a personal Facebook account unrestricted right and the reason why is because support is just so bad it's really really difficult to get a hold of Facebook support um so that's really the main reason now I've had this happen to me personally my personal Facebook account has been restricted I've had business partners have the same thing happen I've had students have the same thing happen it happens all the time so if this happens to you don't freak out it's not the end of the world and it's not that Facebook ads suck and they're evil and they don't and they don't work right it's just honestly a part of the game there's a lot of stuff going on on Facebook so they have a lot of security and algorithms and stuff like that so at the end of the day it's not the end of the world you just got to get around it okay and um and I say this because I don't want you to quit on running Facebook ads because Facebook ads are an incredible way to scale your business but if you let these little things trip you up then you're just you're blocking all your blessings okay so don't worry about it it's all good I actually say look you're not a real Facebook marketer unless you've had at least one Facebook account shut down right it's just literally a part of the game so if this happens to you what do you do okay so the first thing you're going to do is you are going to reach out to support you're going to use the same link that I put up on the screen right here you're going to contact support and you're going to try to reach out to them and explain to them the situation um and try to get around it now here's what I'll say when you're reaching out to support you have to remember you are talking to real people when you get your account restricted it's an algorithm or AI or something that's just shutting your account down because of whatever algorithmic stuff that's going on right but when you reach out to support you're reaching out to real people so try to just calm down your emotions don't talk all crazy to people like be polite because at the end of the day if you're all mean to people and dude they're just going to like they're going to pass you off and they're not even going to look at your stuff so just be nice try to calm your emotions down um because a lot of people will you know write these really really nasty mean letters and stuff and then they wonder why they don't get any responses back right so just kind of take that into consideration and um and when you reach out see if you can get it fix that way now here's what I'll say if it goes if weeks go by and you're not getting any responses and you're not getting anywhere and you're just on the hamster wheel not getting anything done here's what I would say okay this is what I've done personally I've had a lot of people take the same approach and it works this is how you get around it no matter what happens to your account what you want to do is find a family member or a close friend that has a Facebook account that will allow you to go in and just use their account to run ads okay okay and I know it might sound a little crazy but the thing is it's totally cool because you're not using the front end of their account you're only using the backend business manager of their account so even if you're running ads from their Facebook account their friends and their followers they will not know that at all right so if you have a family member who has like a Facebook account that has been matured and it's been open for years but they don't really use it that much reach out to them and say hey would you mind if I just use your account to run ads on and I'm telling you this does work from experience trust me it works so try to find a family member a close relative a friend and when you're telling them this too you can explain to them Hey look it's not going to show up on the front end of your Facebook like no one will know that we're doing this I just need to kind of utilize the back end of it just so that I can run my ads and and continue to run my business right so that is a little trick that you guys can use to get around any situation okay so hopefully this has been helpful for you again if you have any questions at all about anything that I just said comment below I'm here to help as much as I possibly can and also if you have any solutions that I didn't talk about in this video that would be helpful to me to us to us the community in general like please drop them in the comments below because this is a real problem that people go through all the time like literally every day people are getting their accounts shut down and their businesses aren't growing um as a result of that so your comment could literally help out hundreds maybe thousands of people if you know another business owner that would love this video and that would help them out as well definitely share this with all the business owners that you know that have went through this as well so that they can find a solution hopefully and U make sure that you like subscribe all that good stuff to the channel cuz we're always dropping gems like this and with that being the case guys hope you've enjoyed it see you in the next one peace [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @RichFromAnywhere [14 likes]: Please beware of spammers in the comments offering random services. We do not vouche for these people. If you have an established business and you want real expert guidance with your Facebook ads then you can visit our website richfromanywhere.com and request a call with us.
  2. @nolan4909 [6 likes]: Tried the methods in this video all to no avail , luckily stumbled upon a comment who suggested I reach out to novak techy to have it fixed which I did and he was able to do just that .
Simply send him a DM if you are having difficulties with you account .
Thank me later
  3. @Thetrueone-is9fk [6 likes]: Novak techy is very good at this , I highly recommend a DM sent to him in order to have this fixed as he was able to help me.
  4. @besthomebuyer [4 likes]: I had something that was supposedly an "expert" with FB.  Well, duh, they were NOT.  It was the easiest and simple.  Two Factor  authentication!   👍
  5. @abotolo [3 likes]: I came to this video with a lot of hope, having had my personal Facebook account being restricted for no reasons and having spent tons of times with customer support with no results. Unfortunately your solution of “use someone else’s account” is disappointing. I hoped you had a true solution.
  6. @JesustheWayEternityChurch [3 likes]: my personal fb account got restricted how i can retrieve it? it say to upload an id but the information in the facebook is not connected in my ids since its a church fb how i can retrieve it tho?
  7. @rafaelcuahu4731 [3 likes]: I have gotten all of that all of it, is hiring a VA the right move?
  8. @topworld_878 [2 likes]: How to remover false information?
  9. @anastasiaananieva6378 [2 likes]: Guy thank you much for the video but still didn’t get back from Facebook it’s been a month anyone really have an advice what to do
  10. @BuffyFluffyGifts [1 likes]: This was really helpful awesome advice, I know now where I stand on this problem.
  11. @teodormoisa3734 [1 likes]: Great video, thank you for that.
The issue I’m facing is that I’m currently in Bali but originally from Germany. I had to add a payment method to my Business Manager, but the payment method got restricted—I believe because of my IP address. I’ve contacted support multiple times, but I keep receiving the same template response: “We were unable to verify your payment method.”

I even tried logging in through a different proxy so they wouldn’t notice I’m in Indonesia, but I’m still having the same issue.

Do you think there’s any way around this?

My second question is: if I use a family member’s Facebook account to create a Business Manager, I’ll still need to add a credit card. Won’t it get restricted right away if Facebook notices the cardholder and the account owner aren’t the same person?

Honestly, I’m desperate—I need to start running ads for two of my clients, and Meta is making it so frustrating.
I’d really appreciate any help 🙏
  12. @iyanuoluwaogunmiluyi5690 [1 likes]: God almighty bless you abundantly. Your video helped solve my issue. Thanks a lot!
  13. @osocv87: Hi! I got my business portfolio restricted without any button or possibility to appeal or even contact support. Any suggestions? I really need a functioning business portfolio, because I use a chatbot in my business and you basically can't send messages with this restriction. Can I create a new business portfolio for the same company?
  14. @charleenlabonete1983: Please help me sir, where can I contact you I really don't know how to fix, my ads is being restricted,I follow but still didn't fix, please help me
  15. @TrkFndrsWorldWide: I am running a client account & we're currently facing an ad account suspension for 2FA but even after we setup 2FA we still can't run ads. How long does it take for them to reinstate a suspended account?
  16. @tsu_kasa_tenma: Good day sir. Just wanna ask what is the best photo & video editor app for android for free. Thanks
  17. @annetjieherselman: i got restricted for ads i didn't run how can i fix that i cant delete it nothing
  18. @teodormoisa3734: Bro what is going on with these bots that are promoting other scammy stuff in these comments
  19. @kathysowell3236: My Mom is a 91 y/o lady who has had this happen and she does not run adds.  They are asking for a video selfie.  She does not have a camera on her desktop so - that's a no go.  Any ideas?
  20. @TheRealWealthWithoutWorry: Hi, great video thank you! My business manager account full is restricted because 'too much automation was used when I created it' - essentially I just let the FB password for my accounts pre-fill and it thought I was a robot so has let me create the account but I cant link assets/post ads etc. When I follow the steps business-support-home there is no button that is 'still need help" and there is no option to "contact support". I am happy to create a new business manager account BUT am mindful that they will pick up that my FB page and IG page was linked to that. Is there a chance of that, or you don't think that will be an issue? Any suggestions you have to just fix the restriction on my account would be helpful. Thanks

- Facebook vs. TikTok vs. Instagram | The BEST Platform to Grow in 2026: Kind: captions Language: en Welcome to our channel. We are TechNiche Force, and we help grow your business online. Please hit the subscribe button to get more updates. 2026 social media business setup: Facebook versus TikTok versus Instagram. If you're trying to grow business online, one of the biggest questions is this: Which social media platform should you actually focus on? Because, yes, almost every business is on social media now, but not every platform gives the same kind of results. So, some are better for finding customers, some are better for going viral, and some are better for making your brand look trustworthy and professional. So, in this video, we're going to compare three of the biggest platforms for business growth right now: Facebook, TikTok, and Instagram, and show you what each one does, so you know where your time and effort should really go. So, let's start with Facebook. Now, I know what some people are thinking: Is Facebook still even worth using? And, honestly, for personal use, maybe not as exciting as before, but for business, Facebook is still one of the strongest platform out there. Why? Because Facebook is built for selling, advertising, and customer communication. It's not just a place where you post photos. You can create a business page, run highly targeted ads, build a loyal community through groups, manage customers directly, and even sell products inside Facebook Shop. It basically gives businesses everything in one place. And the biggest advantage here is Facebook Ads. Facebook lets you show your ads to exact people you want. You can target by age, location, interest, shopping behavior, and even users who already visited your page before. So, instead of posting content and just hoping random people see it, Facebook lets you put your business directly in front of potential buyers. So, that's a huge difference. Another thing Facebook does really well is relationship building. Through Facebook groups and Messenger, businesses can stay connected with customers, answer questions, collect feedback, and build trust over time. That trust often turns into repeat buyers. Facebook is also great for live selling, customer testimonials, promotional posts, educational content, and product demos. So, if you want a platform that helps with serious marketing and long-term customer conversion, Facebook is still a beast. Now, let's talk about TikTok. This is where things get interesting because TikTok is completely different. So, TikTok is not really about polished branding. TikTok is about attention, fast attention, massive attention, and sometimes viral attention overnight. This is what makes TikTok so powerful for businesses. You do not need a huge follower count to get views. Even if your account is brand new, one good video can suddenly reach thousands or even millions of people. Why? Because TikTok pushes content based on how engaging it is, not based on how famous your page already is. So, if people watch your video, interact with it, or replay it, TikTok keeps sending it out to more users. So, that gives businesses a chance to blow up much faster than in most platforms. Now, the kind of content that works here is not usually fancy advertisements. TikTok users like content that feels real. So, things like behind-the-scenes videos, quick tutorials, product packaging clips, customer reactions, before and after transformations, relatable business moments, or jumping on trending sounds. So, the first few seconds matter a lot. You need to stop the scroll immediately because once you grab attention, TikTok can do the rest. So, another crazy part is one viral video can bring a flood of profile visits, followers, website clicks, and customer inquiries in a very short time. TikTok Shop also makes selling easier now because viewers can discover a product and buy right inside the app. So, that means less effort between seeing the product and making the purchase. So, if your goal is fast exposure and reaching a lot of people quickly, TikTok is one of the best platforms to use right now. Let's move on to Instagram. Instagram is where your business starts looking premium. This platform is all about presentation, aesthetics, and social proof. When people land on your Instagram page, they instantly judge your business. They look at your photos, they look at your videos, they check your highlights, they check comments, they read them, and within seconds, they decide if your brand looks legit or fake. That's why Instagram is so important. It acts like your online showroom, especially if you sell fashion, beauty, food, home products, travel, or anything visual. So, Instagram helps customers feel like your business is organized, active, and trustworthy. And trust matters a lot before people spend money. Instagram also gives you different ways to stay visible. So, you have feed posts, stories, reels, live videos, and shopping features. But, one of the biggest growth tools here is Instagram Reels. Short videos can still reach new people consistently if the content is engaging. Stories are also powerful because they make your audience feel involved every day. So, you can post behind-the-scenes clips, polls, flash sales, Q&As, or quick updates that keep your followers connected. Then, there's social proof. So, when customers tag your products, leave reviews, or comment positively, new visitors immediately see that people trust your business and that trust helps convert viewers into buyers. So, if your goal is building a clean brand image, making products look attractive, and creating credibility, Instagram is a must. So, now the big question is which platform is actually best? So, here's the honest answer. There's no single winner because each platform does a different job. Facebook is best for advertising, customer communication, and long-term conversions. TikTok is best for fast growth, organic reach, and viral visibility. Instagram is best for branding, trust, and visual presentation. And the smartest businesses usually combine all three. So, they use TikTok to get attention, Instagram to make the brand look credible, and Facebook to retarget, communicate, and close the sale. So, that creates a full customer journey instead of relying in one app to do everything. So, don't just ask which platform is biggest, ask which platform gives your business what it actually needs. So, use the strengths of each one, stay consistent with your content, and social media can become one of the most powerful growth tools for your business. And that's it. If you found this helpful, please like and subscribe. I'll see you in the next one. Introducing Engagee. Go from invisible to unstoppable. Explode your social media reach and generate more business online with the ultimate AI cheat code. Breakthrough AI-powered Chrome extension for Facebook, X, LinkedIn, and the rest. Dominate any niche on the social media with superior AI-driven engagement. This is what consistent engagement got us on X and LinkedIn. Again, designed for use on Facebook, X, LinkedIn, Threads, and it's compatible with YouTube, Instagram, TikTok, Reddit, Pinterest, Discord, Quora, Tumblr. One-click engagement on any social website. Power your growth with Engagee. Get increased visibility for your content. Engagee helps you to tap into the algo. The algorithm favors those who engage. Engagee builds your subscriber base, build a community that helps you thrive. Engagee creates a powerful network, create authentic engagement with just one click. Promote your products and services organically. Auto create custom and unique replies that are tailored to the post. Engage in any language. Multi AI maximize originality and uniqueness. Engagee keeps your account safe and a lot more. So, what are you waiting for? Get Engagee now. Just go to getengagee.in.

- TikTok Ads vs Facebook Ads: What Should You Use?: Kind: captions Language: en today we're answering the question Tik Tok ads or Facebook ads which platform should you use for your brand or e-commerce business we're going to break it all down for you in this video no fluff just actionable insights to help you make the right decision so let's get started what makes Tik Tok ads unique Tik Tok isn't just for dances and lipsyncing anymore it's a massive platform with over 1 billion monthly active users and guess what it's quickly becoming a go-to for e-commerce Brands so Tik Tok is where gen Z and younger millennials love to hang out if you're targeting these demographics then Tik Tok is a gold mine according to statistics 41.7% of Tik Tok users are aged between 18 and 24 and 31% are aged 25 to 34 so that means that the platform is perfect for products like trendy fashion gadgets or even education apps now let's talk numbers so Tik Tok has some of the highest engagement rates out there but its costs can vary so CPM or cost per Millie which is 1,000 views is around $10 CPC or cost per click is around $1 the row ads or return on ad spend is between .20 to $3 depending on the campaign now while these numbers are competitive keep in mind that Tik tok's attribution windows are shorter typically one day so tracking your performance might take extra effort Tik Tok ads offer unique formats designed to boost engagement they have infeed ads so these blend into users feeds like regular Tik toks they have branded hashtag challenges which are perfect for encouraging user generated content there's also spark ads this lets Brands boost organic content like influencer posts for extra visibility why Facebook ads still dominate Facebook might not have the same trendy Vibe as Tik Tok but it's a proven heavyweight in the advertising world with over 3 billion monthly active users Facebook is all about reach and precision one of Facebook's biggest strengths is its Advanced targeting capabilities whether you're targeting by age location interest behaviors or even specific actions on your website thanks to the metap pixel Facebook gives you all the tools to zero in on your ideal audience Facebook's ad versatility is unmatched here are a few examples Carousel ads you can showcase multiple products in one ad video ads which is perfect for storytelling collection ads these are ideal for e-commerce creating a seamless shopping experience messenger ads you can drive personal interactions with your audience when it comes to cost Facebook is flexible CPM ranges between $7 and $20 depending on your audience and your placement cost per click or CPC is anywhere from 60 cents to A1 50 Row as or return on ad spend is averaging around $2 to $3 if you're looking for long-term results then Facebook tends to perform better in conversion rates typically about 2% to 15% especially for higher pric products or Services Tik Tok versus Facebook head-to-head comparison when it comes to choosing between Tik Tok and Facebook for your ad campaigns a direct comparison across key metrics can help clarify the strengths and limitations of each platform let's dive deeper into how they Stack Up audience demographics Tik Tok Tik tok's user base is dominated by by younger audiences this makes it the ideal platform for Brands targeting a techsavvy trend conscious demographic Tik Tok users are known for their engagement with pop culture humor and Innovative product ideas one notable trend is that Tik Tok has increasingly been used as a search engine alternative particularly by gen Z in contrast Facebook appeals to a much broader and older audience while the platform still has a significant number of younger users its largest demographic is ages 25 to 34 and it maintains a strong foothold with users aged 35 and older including Baby Boomers this makes Facebook an excellent choice for Brands targeting families working professionals or older customers with higher purchasing power additionally Facebook's connection to Instagram widens its reach across Generations especially among Millennials in gen Z who are more active on Instagram engagement rates Tik Tok is renowned for its high engagement rates here's a breakdown of typical engagement rates in feed ads between 1 to 5% clickthrough rate brand takeover ads click through rate can SAR to 10% or higher due to the prominent placement top view ads these boast clickthrough rates as high as 16% as they capture attention immediately upon app launch Facebook's engagement rates tend to be slightly lower reflecting the more passive browsing behavior of its users typical clickthrough rates hover between 0.9% to 1.6% depending on the ad type and placement however what Facebook lacks and engagement it makes up for in conversion power users on Facebook are more accustomed to engaging with ads as part of their purchasing Journey which often leads to higher conversion rates between 2% and 15% especially for e-commerce and higher ticket products creative demands to succeed on Tik Tok Brands must embrace the platform's demand for authentic short and Visually engaging videos Tik Tok ads that feel too polished or sales-driven are often ignored as users prefer content that mirrors organic post here are the creative challenges speed of attention you have 5 seconds or less to hook your viewers trendy content staying relevant requires Brands to quickly adapt to Trends memes and viral challenges high production demand successful Tik Tok campaigns often involve collaborations with influencers or user generated content to maintain authenticity Tik Tok also rewards experimentation ads that resonate with users can quickly go viral generating free organic reach beyond the paid campaign Facebook offers more flexibility in ad formats making it a better fit for brands that may not have access to video production resources here's why static and video options you can run image based ads or longer story-driven video campaigns let's focus on Trends Facebook doesn't require Brands to chase the latest cultural moments to succeed AB testing protocols Facebook's built-in testing feature allows advertisers to optimize creative elements for better performance for businesses with limited time or budget Facebook's ability to run effective static image ads or Carousel campaigns make it a more accessible Choice ad placements Tik Tok ads primarily appear within the main feed designed to blend seamlessly with user generated content key Tik Tok placements include in feed ads these are delivered within the for you feed and these feel native and allow for user interactions like like shares and comment top view ads these are full screen videos shown when the app opens brand takeover ads these are displayed prominently as the first interaction upon app launch branded hashtags and effects this encourages users to engage with your brand through challenges or creative tools Facebook offers a diverse array of placements allowing Brands to strategically Target users across multiple environments these include news feed ads which appear directly within the scrolling feed stories ads engage users with full screen time sensitive content messenger ads Drive direct interactions through Facebook Messenger instream video ads these appear during longer video content capturing users midwatch when to use Tik Tok ads Tik Tok ads are a great choice if your audience skes younger gen Z and Millennials dominate Tik Tok your brand can create engaging video content if you can nail Tik tok's C casual relatable Vibe your ads will feel organic if you're looking to boost brand awareness Tik tok's algorithm amplifies good content making it easier to go viral if you're running influencer campaigns Tik Tok spark ads make it simple to leverage influencer content and if you want to get started with free Tik Tok ad credits then click the link Down Below in the description when you click on that link it'll bring you to this page right here where as you can see if you spend $30 you get $20 and if you spend $100 you'll get $100 as well now Tik Tok also has a pixel as well which you can install on your Shopify store and if you don't already have a Shopify store be sure to click you can get started with a free 3day trial and after that your first month is just a dollar so go ahead and click the link down below to get started with Shopify now once you've gone ahead and got your Shopify store set up this is what your dashboard will look like and installing the Tik Tok pixel is super easy first things first we're going to come up here and type in Tik Tok to download the Tik Tok app for Shopify we'll go ahead click on this one right here and we want to make sure that it is the Tik Tok Inc developer so we go ahead click on install and then it's just going to say that the app needs access to view personal data View and edit store data and we'll go ahead and click on install next you're going to come right here where it says grow your business with Tik Tok ads and we'll go ahead and click setup now here we'll go ahead and click Tik Tok for business so you just need to go ahead and create an advertising account which I've already done and I'm already logged into so I'll go ahead and click connect right here then it's going to ask if you want to connect we'll go ahead and click connect and we'll hit connect then it's going to ask for your Tik Tok ads manager and you can either connect another one or create a new one we'll go ahead and just click create new and hit sign up and connect lastly here in regards to the Tik Tok pixel it's going to ask how much data sharing you want to allow so you always want to set on the maximum so that the Tik Tok pixel gets the most information possible and will give you the best results from here we just go ahead click confirm and hit set up and that's how easy it is to install the Tik Tok pixel into your Shopify store again if you want to get started with Shopify be sure to click the link Down Below in the description when to use Facebook ads so Facebook ads are better suited for diverse audiences so if you're targeting multiple demographics Facebook's massive user base has you covered e-commerce Brands Facebook excels at driving conversions especially for high ticket items brands with complex products Carousel ads and collection ads make it easier to Showcase multiple features or products retargeting campaigns thanks to the metapixelatron and Facebook in their ad strategy here's how to leverage both platforms start with Tik Tok for awareness use Tik Tok to capture attention and drive top of funnel traffic focus on creating buzz and building engagement with fun sharable content retarget on Facebook for conversions use Facebook's precise targeting to re-engage users who interacted with your content on Tik Tok Drive these users to your website with specific calls to action so whether you're running Tik Tok ads Facebook ads or exploring any marketing channel for that matter your success starts with a great online store and with storebuild doai you can get a free AI powered Shopify store built for you in just minutes it's optimized to convert pre-loaded with 20 winning products and completely beginner friendly if you want to get started click the link down in the description to get started with storybuilder doai today final thoughts which should you choose at the end of the day the right platform depends on your goals audience and resources here's a quick recap to help you decide choose Tik Tok if you're targeting younger audiences and can produce engaging video content that feels authentic to the platform platform and choose Facebook if you want precise targeting access to a diverse audience and tools for driving conversions or better yet use both start by capturing attention on Tik Tok and close the deal on Facebook now if you want to get started with any of the products that we talked about today you'll find links for them down in the description below now these are affiliate links which means that we earn a small commission when you use them at no extra cost to you and these commissions really help support the channel and allow us to continue creating free content just like this so if you end up using them we thank you so much in advance now if you found this video helpful don't forget to like subscribe and hit that notification Bell so you never miss another video here on this channel we're dedicated to helping you succeed with e-commerce by providing tips strategies and insights to grow your online business so be sure to subscribe but other than that thank you so much for watching we'll see you here in the next video [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @EcomMasteryYT [4 likes]: Hope you guys enjoy the video and get value from it!

Grab up to $6,000 in TikTok Ads credits before the year ends.
https://ecommastery.so/tiktokads/

Check out Meta (Facebook) Ads here:
https://www.facebook.com/business/ads

Build a FREE professional Shopify store in minutes!
https://storebuild.ai/ecom-mastery/

Our favorite E-commerce tools:
🛍 Get a FREE AI-Customized Shopify Store + 10 trending products:
https://storebuild.ai/ecom-mastery/
➡ BEST Current Deal - Get a 3-day Shopify trial + $1/month for first 3 months:
https://shopify.pxf.io/7XJ5ed
🟢 The Best Shopify Themes:
https://shopify.pxf.io/B0XPzB
↗ Get 50% off for your first month + $39 in order credits with Zendrop:
https://zendrop.sjv.io/MA02J3
📱 Get started with TikTok Shop:
https://ecommastery.so/tiktokshop/
💵 Get up to $6,000 in FREE TikTok Ad Credits:
https://ecommastery.so/tiktokads/
  2. @Others-c4p [1 likes]: This is the most well presented information, with multiple advertisments, video content I have ever watched
  3. @raylang4608: i recently tried tik tok ....no contest for a medical center ...Facebook is king ...but were trying both spending more on facebook 2:1
thanks

- ➡️ Anunciarse en TIKTOK ADS vs FACEBOOK ADS || Comparativa 2026: Kind: captions Language: en TikTok or Facebook ads: where should I advertise? Which is better? Which is more profitable? And where is my target audience likely to be? Well, in this video, we're going to talk a little about Instagram Match versus TikTok with some very direct, to-the-point data. It's a new video, a bit long, but quite interesting and can help you make your decisions. I'll share my perspective as a marketing professional, and I'll also tell you, or rather show you, some statistics from a very interesting English post I saw. So, let's get straight to the point. How has this platform grown lately? It's pure, unadulterated dynamism. Instagram itself is a very scrollable, dynamic page, etc. But TikTok, sorry, not TikTok, TikTok is pure, unadulterated dynamism, man, man, all the time. That's why we also have Reels on Instagram, but TikTok is 100% that, and it's even more about passing the time. It's more dynamic. And this is something we have to keep in mind: when someone is on Instagram, we know they're someone who might just spend some time on Reels, and in the end, it's the same as in... TikTok. But it's also someone who can be there longer, not just chatting via DMs, making posts, even just a description or informational posts. Well, then it goes into the background, but there are other things they can do there a while longer. So, this already indicates that in the end we can try to sell things there, like training courses, products in promoted posts, etc. Let's say we have a series of opportunities. They can sometimes be more complicated on TikTok because the TikTok user is much more streamlined, moving quickly, just being there for a while, passing the time. So suddenly you're scrolling through TikToks, mostly funny ones, and suddenly they're trying to sell you a programming course. I don't know to what extent. You know, because that's the focus of the social network. On Instagram, well, maybe there are better opportunities. But why not a post talking about seven reasons to study programming in the current year? Okay, that could make sense. So I would base it a bit on everything and take into account the dynamism of the platforms, and what audience, and what intention that audience might have when they're there. Okay, both audiences can have entertainment options. But if Someone wants more than just entertainment; they might even want to see fashion and clothing, which is surely on Instagram but not on TikTok. On TikTok, however, many people want entertainment. We can include movies, games, and promote these kinds of things. Okay, it's a bit of a target audience. Then you can also filter, obviously. You can filter a lot of segmentation within TikTok. There are finance channels within Instagram, and there are comedy channels. Yes, you can filter. I'm speaking generally now, and also about what that specific audience is looking for at that moment. Okay, at that moment. Even if they're looking to watch motivational videos about finance and such, it's with a quicker focus on self-gratification. Normally, it's not so much about education because for that, they'll either look at a post on Instagram or go directly to Google or YouTube. TikTok, as such, basically, does n't have promotion. When you scroll, you might see an ad, etc. On Instagram, we have, for example, Reels and posts where you can do other types of advertising, something more complex, not so much about quick viewing or videos. So, well, a bit about these opinions. Let's look at something a bit more technical now, specifically CPC results and campaign spending. We'll see a comparison from Jungle Top that they did on two campaigns, promoting the same thing and extracting relevant data that compared TikTok apps with Instagram Match. Let's see what we have there. Well, as I mentioned, we have an experiment from Handletop where they basically invested $50,000 between TikTok and Facebook ads. Let's see what results they obtained. I'm going to translate this page into Spanish, and we'll discuss some interesting things. The conclusions they drew are these: TikTok and Facebook (Instagram, in this case) are excellent for targeting younger audiences. As we were saying, in general, Instagram and TikTok have younger audiences than LinkedIn, Facebook, etc. Costs are generally lower on TikTok. This is normal; there are fewer people advertising there these days. It 's a different style. Facebook and Instagram offer more options. TikTok is still very new, which is perfectly normal. Facebook is a very mature company. TikTok still doesn't have adequate conversion tracking. So, optimizing it for clicks and views is very interesting. Okay, what it's saying is that, based on the experiments I did, conversion tracking and optimization aren't working perfectly on TikTok yet. So, it's worth noting that 99% of TikTok ads ran on iOS. Okay, that's curious. We were saying that 99% of the ads that person ran on TikTok ran on iPhones. TikTok has many new creative options, of course, being more video-based. It seems they've added special and different creatives to stand out. Basically, throughout the article, they do different tests. For example, here we have a comparative table of the spending and other things. In this case, it's different from the spending on one platform versus the other. So, let's look at the media. Okay, as you can see, the CTR on TikTok was 0.97%, on Facebook it was 1.46%. That is, they got a better CTR on Instagram, while the CPC was higher. or less, even less than half on TikTok. This is quite a lot. The CPM is also much lower on TikTok, okay? And well, the spending, this is what I spend in total. But these data we see are averages, so they are what I mainly look at. If we scroll down a bit more, we see here a little bit of TikTok's growth. As you can see, it's growing more and more. And at the end, there's Generation Z, the new generation of people who are currently 18, 20, or even younger. The costs are lower, and well, there are new creative opportunities to target a certain type of audience. On the other hand, well, we already know that Facebook is very, very, very mature in terms of personalization, and in the end, here, well, obviously, it's several times better. Here, well, we have a kind of comparison in table format where they show us the active users as of today, monthly, okay, at the end of 2022, and as you can see, Facebook is still the one with the most active users. Although, probably, your friends on Facebook still has the most, okay? Then there's Instagram, and TikTok is catching up, okay? We're going to take these data with a grain of salt. In the end, I don't know where these data are based. But... Finally, it's a fairly reliable website for conversion tracking. Currently, it 's failing or not very good on Facebook. We also know it has more creative options on TikTok, which is what's standing out on its platform: ads. And well, we already know that desktop ads are mainly on Facebook because TikTok and Instagram are mobile apps, right? So, this is a bit of a comparison from someone who did the test. I'll leave the link to that article in the video description if you want to read it in full. If not, just remind me and I'll send it. Well, let's leave this video here. I hope you liked it and that it contributed and helped you at least a little. If so, a like would be appreciated. And remember that you can follow me on the channel for more interesting marketing videos, Gaby Florensa. And if you want to see my services, they're at Gabyflorence.com. See you in the next video. Best regards and take care.

  Top Comments:
  1. @anthonyperalta2504: Si estoy en Colombia es mejor cuál?
  2. @faridrottigni: Gracias pibe! Éxito

- TikTok Ads : 3x Moins Cher que Facebook ! (Tuto 2026) 🇸🇳: Kind: captions Language: en Let's tell each other the truth. Facebook Ads is king. That's where I made my biggest gains and it's probably where most of you sell people. But in 2026, if you put all your eggs in one basket, you risk killing your business. Your account is blocked, a Facebook update and your revenue drops to zero. And that is why today I am bringing you to an interest that many neglect. TikTok. Why TikTok? Because the costs are three times lower. Imagine, you spend the same budget on TikTok and on Facebook, reach three times more people on TikTok than on Facebook. Do you know why? Because social ad platforms function like a regular marketplace. You know, in a market, costs increase according to demand and it is true that costs do not even reach a quarter of the costs in Europe, America and so on, but still in Africa, people use Facebook more than TikTok. That's why the costs on Facebook are much higher than on TikTok. That's normal, it's the law of gold demand. You spend $1 on TikTok, you spend $1 on Facebook Ads, you reach three or even four times more customers on TikTok than on Facebook. This is a genuine market anomaly. And you and I are going to enjoy it before everyone else . So in this video, there's no complicated theory. I'm going to show you in detail how to use the "promote" option to clear your stock from your country. We're going to look at the strategy to avoid burning through your money, the step-by- step tutorial to launch your campaign, and most importantly, how to turn simple views into cash, whether on your WhatsApp or your online store. So if you're ready to really multiply your revenue tenfold, stay until the end. But before we begin, I'm going to ask you to subscribe and press the notification bell if you're interested in what we have to offer. Here, we often talk about business, especially in relation to e-commerce and digital marketing, but also about mindset because we are certain that it is through this that we will develop. For those who want to benefit from our marketing services, namely the creation of Silver, but also the launch of public campaigns, I will put the link in the description of our agency, you can contact us directly. So guys, don't forget to give me a thumbs up, subscribe and without further ado, let's get to the video. So, why TikTok Ads now? Because it wouldn't be interesting to ask you to use TikTok without giving you the reasons and the advantages of TikTok. First, the first reason for diversification is because I don't need to remind you, we often told you, don't put all your eggs in one basket because if the basket falls, you'll really get some practice. So you should know that TikTok is the perfect complement to Facebook Ads because I'm not asking you to abandon Facebook Ads. No, it's the best platform for launching advertising campaigns so far and perhaps even in the future, I think. But still, TikTok is a golden opportunity that you can use alongside Facebook because you can spend small budgets and reach thousands or even tens of thousands of people with really minimal budgets. So to use a metaphor, if Facebook is your main shop, it's like a G1 sign that you're going to put up in the street to let people know that you're selling. This will allow you to avoid depending on a single platform. The second reason is attention. You can even look around you. Everyone uses TikTok from morning till night, from night till morning. People spend hours on TikTok every day. You can even view anyone's screen time . You'll see that TikTok will take up 4 or even 5 hours of your time. It's true that this isn't a good thing because I even talked about it in one of my videos, we have to avoid that. But for us traders it's a gold mine because wherever the attention is, we're bound to be there . So we're going to take advantage of people's screen time on TikTok to be able to promote our products and sell as much as possible . And finally, advertising costs. As I was saying earlier, one of the most widespread advantages of using TikTok Ads is the advertising costs. Because you should know that on Facebook and TikTok, you can spend $5 and $5 on Facebook. Perhaps the CPM will be, let's say, 7000 people, whereas on TikTok the CPM could be 15000 or even 20000 people. So it's insane. Using TikTok means optimizing your costs and increasing your sales at the same time. Seen from this perspective, you might think that TikTok is a new opportunity that you absolutely must not miss. I agree, it's a new opportunity. But don't be fooled . TikTok Ads and Facebook Ads are completely different and I'm going to explain them to you. On Facebook, people want beautiful photos, beautiful videos that showcase the product well, and so on. And on TikTok, it's completely different. TikTok forces you to adapt to the content already being broadcast there because TikTok consumers are used to a certain style of content and your goal is to blend into the background. This means that the ads you have to make on TikTok shouldn't even look like product ads. No, it will mostly be styles like that. There are advantages and there are disadvantages. The advantage was that you didn't need to make much effort. You just need to go watch the videos on TikTok, get inspired by them a little, make a video even with a camera and so on. And there you have it, jackpot, you can sell easily. So to summarize on TikTok, the more amateur, real, and authentic your video looks, the more likely you are to sell a lot. Secondly, the content is your target audience. Well, that's not necessarily in disagreement with Facebook because with the new update, as you all know, on Facebook also the content and targeting. So you need to create content that speaks directly to your audience, your target audience. This way, TikTok's algorithm will know exactly who to show the product to. You don't need to target by interest and so on. Your video should be your main one. And one last thing guys, don't use music or videos that belong to other people or that are copyrighted because you should know that TikTok doesn't mess around with that, unlike Facebook where sometimes it can go unnoticed. On TikTok, if you use a video that has a background, background music that belongs to someone who won't be broadcastable on TikTok, they will completely block your ad. So guys, pay close attention to what music you're going to use in the background. Because if you use the wrong music, believe me, your advertisement won't even get through and then you won't even know if it did. OK guys, let's meet directly on our TikTok. Well, I'm using my personal TikTok because I can, because I also want to do some self-promotion. So guys, go subscribe to my TikTok Talemental of Success. I'll put the link to the bi-chain for you. I often talk about e-commerce, I give tips, methods you can use, tools to increase your shift. Sometimes I also talk about mindset and I often organize contests here, like the other contest I organized after Senegal's victory, and the winner won a prize. So guys, go subscribe and if you liked the video so far, well, subscribe and give me a big thumbs up to support me in this work. Tell me in the comments if you knew how to launch ads on TikTok, or if you didn't , let me know so I can be aware of the proportion. So guys, we'll meet directly on TikTok and disclaimer uh on TikTok, don't just come and your TikTok page on the first day, post a video and promote it on the same day because that would literally shoot you in the foot . You need to know that on TikTok, you will have to make some posts, let's say take 3 to 7 days to make posts, know what works for you, your niche, your product, what the algorithm prefers, what the audience prefers. That way , once you have, say, 7 days of posting, you'll know which video performed best. This is the video you will use. In any case, these are perhaps two videos that performed best that you will use to launch advertising campaigns. So to do that, you come directly here for us. Let's assume that this video performed best. We're going to press on it. So. Once on the video, we come here to the three horizontal points. You press that and there you go, this interface opens. What interests us is increasing the number and so on. For some it will be to promote, for others in English perhaps it would be promote and so on. In any case, it's that icon with the flame. We're pressing on that. And there you go guys, now we've landed on this page. Promote to promote. Okay, we'll just remove that. And if you were doing, let's say, boosts on Facebook, this interface will look familiar . First there is our objective, choose your goal. What is your objective? Okay, for this video we're going to choose objective 20, but you can choose the objective of maybe more subscribers, more messages, whatever you want, more notoriety. And we, we're going to, you see, get leads, boost the live stream. There are quite a few objectives. The goal here is more likes, more comments, more video views. And what interests us here is more sales, getting sales. We're pressing on that . Okay guys, this time we've chosen the sales objective. Well, here, as you can see, there are more visits to the website. That's the objective that interests us. For example, if you want to sell on WhatsApp, perhaps you can generate leads and so on. And there, you might choose your WhatsApp as your redirect page . But here, since the other day we created our Storing site and there are others who have sites of all kinds, we will get more visits from here to our site. You can edit the landing page here; this is the redirect link. Okay, as you can see, it automatically inserts the link to my YouTube channel. However, I don't want to redirect to my YouTube channel, but that's okay. Let's say we buy now. And here, for those who have Shopify, we'll copy the link to your product page. So, I explained that to you during my training. So, you'll know exactly what I'm talking about. You copy the link to your product page, and you paste it directly here. And for those who have Store Link shops, you copy the link to your Store Link shop like the other day. As we did, you come and stick it here. And for those who want to redirect to WhatsApp, I have n't forgotten you, you just give the WhatsApp number to the artificial intelligence, whether it's JPT chat, Perspect City, GMini, whatever you want. The person you're using, you tell them "I want a WhatsApp link, I want a WhatsApp link," you give them your number, and they'll create a WhatsApp link. It will be... and you will paste the WhatsApp link here. That way, once the customer clicks buy, they will now be redirected to the place you want, whether it's Store Link, Shopify, or WhatsApp. And let's save it, guys. Here, we will choose the creatives we want. Okay, for me, let's say I only want to make this one video, I'm going to deselect all the others because you can put up to five creatives on TikTok, that's still great. There, I'm deselecting. I'm going to say that this is the only video I want to release for you. If you have two videos that performed well during the 7 days of publication, you take both of them . If you have three, you take all three, it's up to you. Okay, we go down here . Okay, this is where we're going to choose, let's say, the budget and the audience. Custom custom promotion. So customize, edit your advertisement. Okay guys, here we're going to have six deaths or more, not a deep personalization with long-term targeted audiences, just the country and maybe the gender and age group. So we come here, we do on create your own, create your own targeting. We'll call it broad. There you go, we're doing a broad edit. As for the location, you see, if you leave it like that, you'll only be targeting people in France, and your advertising won't bring you much. So we're going to come here. Well, I'm in Senegal, I'm going to look for Senegal. Here's Senegal, I'm saving. I'll sell to you in Senegal, I'll save. Let's say my product is only for people aged 18 to 55. I come here. Okay, I'm going to deselect. Well, it's even 18 to 5050 and it only interests women, for example, let's say I sell women's jumpsuits, it only interests women. I'm a woman, I'm a saver, and for you, if it's a mainstream product that appeals to both men and women, you leave it as it is. This is just to show you interest-based targeting; we don't touch our video, this is our targeting as I will explain later . We save and there we have our target, guys. Broad, we select it and go down. budget, let's say daily budget. Okay, let's say we'll launch at $10 for 3 or 4 days because on TikTok, you don't need to put in a big budget, guys. We'll put in 10 dollars. You see, 10 dollars, so here that's what it costs me per day. We're going to launch it for 4 or 5 days and we'll maybe make 2 dollars a day. So. Here, we launch a 5-day advertisement and each day, we will spend $2. 2 dollars on Facebook isn't great. You won't be able to reach many people, but on TikTok, with dollars, you'll reach quite a lot of people. As proof, we're going to check the number of people we're going to touch. You see, there is an estimate. We will be able to reach between 157 and 606 people who will visit our landing page. You see guys, it's just huge. Between 157 and 606 people for only 2 dollars, that's just great. With Facebook , spending $2 won't even redirect 50 people. So here, there's a crazy estimate. As you can see with TikTok, the prices are extremely low. So guys, we customized practically everything. Our advertisement is almost ready. All that remains is for us to make the payment. And for payment, it works in the form of coins. For 5 dollars x 2, which makes 10 dollars, we need to pay 999 pieces. So we need to recharge. To recharge, we come here, we recharge. Here, we recharge. And here, we choose the number of coins we want to reload, guys. We will choose the number of pieces required to launch our advertisement. Once we've bought it, we'll just top it up and our order will be sent. We wait a little while. And here, we're just going to use our prepaid card. We're going to make the payment. We click on buy and then our advertisement will launch. We'll just get it published and the advertising will start. Guys, it's as simple as that. This is a method that many people are unaware of, yet it is so simple and quite effective because once the algorithm has enough data for your products, you will drastically increase your sales without increasing your costs and without abandoning Facebook. It's just a gold mine. So there you have it guys, here you have a method that is not well known, at least to the general public, because there are quite a few people who know how to launch ads on TikTok but they don't necessarily know that you can sell through your website and here you have a 100% practical, simple and effective method that you can use to increase your sales. So guys, if you liked the video, give me a big thumbs up, subscribe, and hit the notification bell. Once again, for those who want to benefit from our social ads or website creation services, I will leave the link to my agency in the comments. And guys, I'll see you next time. It was Tal and don't forget the business reward, which leads to action.

  Top Comments:
  1. @kalifazenplus2450: Cool la vidéo mon bro mais entre temps réduit un peu ton volume de fond la prochaine fois
  2. @elhadj021: Peut on prendre les créatives d’autres personnes sur tik tok aussi ?
  3. @bamba-j4f: Bama niamé tik tok la bay Facebook 😂
  4. @JoëlNadhonazo: Je suis un débutant en e commerce et j'ai besoin de vos conseils
  5. @marlozelos4133: Mais quels sont tes résultats avec un exemple de publicité ou tes aussi comme les autres
  6. @Stk_review: interessant
  7. @Confiancedigital1: Merci merci

- Bài 1: Tự chạy quảng cáo Tiktok hiệu quả 2026 - Phần 1: Qc TikTok & Facebook, Cái Nào Hiệu Quả Hơn?: Kind: captions Language: en Hello everyone. In this video, we'll be sharing our thoughts on TikTok advertising. The first question is: which is more effective, TikTok advertising or Facebook advertising? You are the one who can answer this question . When we sell, we need to diversify our product range or use multiple platforms. Okay? In other words, we need to test whether running ads on this platform will bring in customers . But the advantage of the TikTok advertising platform is that if you have the resources to get your ads into their shopping cart—a shopping cart, which is essentially a store or shop, similar to a shop on Shopee— then you can shorten a step that Facebook advertising hasn't been able to do, or hasn't done well, and that is the consultation step. Facebook advertising requires sales consultants, a clear consultation script , and someone to be available to answer customer messages. So, if you have ads that include a shopping cart on TikTok, meaning the products are suitable to be added to the cart on the TikTok platform, then running ads on this platform will shorten the consultation process. You don't need a parent department; you just need to open a search and upload the products. That's how you upload the product. What customers like is being able to purchase items directly from this shopping cart. You understand this part, right? But if you have a product that isn't suitable for online sales, for example, feng shui or spiritual products, cosmetics without proper documentation, products like Japanese goods, domestic goods, counterfeit goods, used cars, or service products, then Facebook advertising is definitely more advantageous because the consultation aspect is better. Because customers use Messenger, Messenger, Messenger more often. That means customers are familiar with using Messenger on Facebook, but Messenger on TikTok is still new and not yet widely used. In other words, if you haven't used Messenger much on TikTok for chat, treats, or shopping, then you definitely should . Our customers are the same. Option two: This TikTok advertising guy is a latecomer, so he'll use the treble-star mindset that I taught you guys. Wow, this mindset of copying is incredibly powerful. This guy's advertising account has an interface that's almost 80 to 90% similar to TikTok ads. Therefore, if you are already running Facebook ads, using a TikTok account is not a problem and it's still easy, or rather, incredibly easy. There. So, to understand advertising on TikTok, we first need to go to the section called the overview. Here's an overview. In general, how do you understand it? That means understanding the schematic of TikTok advertising, how a TikTok account sells products. That's what we call the overview. So first, first of all, I'll delete it . First, TikTok called business accounts "BCs." Is a business advertising account ready ? Business advertising accounts are BC accounts. So, the business advertising account is BC. On Facebook, we can call it BM, or even call its mother BM now; it doesn't matter . Essentially, it's an advertising account. An advertising account is simply an advertising account . Okay? Okay, so that's number one. TikTok has a number two, which is the TikTok username. Nick TikTok is the place where you post content to build your channel. I'll call this a channel. Okay? Is the TikTok channel okay? There you go. So, on Facebook, we call this a "via ." So, let's synchronize both sets of knowledge to make it easier. Is that okay? Next, this TikTok app has a shopping cart. Shopping cart. Shopping cart. YES. There, the shopping cart. On Facebook, they call this a fan page or a store. Okay ? In addition, it also has another option: a personal advertising account . So, that's my personal advertising account. A personal advertising account and a business advertising account are two different types of accounts. Simply put, this guy is the son and this guy will be the father. A business account is an account that manages many individual accounts or sub-accounts within it. So, in general, you can imagine it like this. This guy is his father, and he'll be in charge. First, we need to have this father figure. Actually, having a personal advertising account allows you to run ads as well. But first, to make it easiest, you 'll need this dad as well. That means you need to create a PC account yourself. After creating your personal advertising account, you should immediately create this advertising account as well . Let's call it a PC account. It's just like Facebook. Setting up a personal advertising account is very easy, requiring only a Gmail account. I'll give you instructions later. Next, you should immediately set up a business account, also known as a BC account. BC, okay? Okay? Come back here. Let's go back and reset . This guy is the one whose father will be in a high position, so we'll need this father. If this guy is in charge of management, what exactly does he manage ? One way is to manage your individual advertising account internally. It can manage one or n individual advertising accounts. That means managing one. or managing many child C accounts inside. Here you go. Here you go . This is the business center, also known as a business advertising account . That means the father, this father, will be talented and will be able to manage many sub-accounts. You can see that it might have one or two sub-ad accounts, or it might create multiple sub-ad accounts, or it might own multiple additional sub-ad accounts. You understand this part, right? And then it will manage your TikTok channel as well . That means their TikTok usernames . Do you understand? Here it is . This is this TikTok account. There are many names for it that are quite similar. Do you see? They're all pretty similar, so let's just call it "via management." Managing the vias this way makes it easier. What does "via" mean? Via means your advertising account, oh sorry, via means the username you're using to post. Here it is, via here. This is the via. Do you understand now? Do you understand? Next, it's about managing the store as well. But these three are three independent, separate objects. They are separate, meaning they are three objects. The three objects are completely separate. Do you understand the term " completely separated"? For example, if a personal advertising account is accessed here, what will it be? ADS.tok. Is that an example okay? But to access this TikTok channel, it should be TikTok.com, okay? Is TikTok.com okay? And what will this channel be like ? Seller.tiktok something. That's the seller. So, the type it's for is the seller, understand? It's three programs, it's three websites, it's three tools. They are completely separated. And when we disable anything, we replace it. And the most important thing in this section is this, guys. It's the shop section. If you're planning to create a shopping cart, this is the most important thing. If there is a shopping cart, can the products be added to the cart? That means for products like clothes, no lame, no brand, you should only add them to your cart if you think you can . Do you understand? This part is the most important one. Okay? It's related to our money; it's in here. It relates to everything about our traffic; it's all contained within this. But is this product good enough for me? It's a product called a training product. It can't be added to the shopping cart, right? So what's most important, Mom? This is the most important thing. Okay? When you add an unidentified product to your shopping cart, that's the most important thing. There are some products that you can add to your shopping cart, but you don't want to add them. Why? Because of the high taxes. There are also few of our goods. Do you understand? Because of this, because of that, because I want to sell more than the other guy. Because I want to sell my land faster than the others. Because when you come to this place, you need to be aware that the price competition is very fierce. And to make this price war less intense, we obviously need to have more differentiation. But what's the difference between me importing goods from China and that guy importing goods from China, right? The difference here is that whichever brand has more subscribers, more sales, cheaper prices, and more positive feedback/reviews, I 'll buy from that brand. Even though they are both Chinese restaurants, the reviews will differ in this case. Do you understand? But what's the difference here? The difference here is personal branding. In general, there are many differences. Do you understand? Remember, there are three distinct things here . The three lines of text are completely separate from each other. But we'll use this BC to manage everything generally. And if we want to use one of them, we'll access the specific link to use the account for that particular tool . The three tools are separate, right? When we want to use a tool, is that okay? To use or access the advertising account, we will need to specifically access the advertising link at adas.titok. Okay ? When we want to access our TikTok account, we use our phone or access TikTok directly from our phone. When we want to enter a store, we go to the service area. Do you understand? Here we'll take an example, let's see. Here you go. Is this a TikTok advertising account ? Is this account considered a personal advertising account used within a business? It clearly states that it's a personal account. So, ads.tiktok.com is a separate tool, a separate website. So you understand, right? Next, BC, this BC here, it 's also a separate tool, it's the overall manager for all categories. For the ostrich category, it's accessed at businessit.tiktok.com. See? There. Next up is the shop section. This is the shop. Visit www.tichgop.com. Did you see that ? Do you understand this part? Okay , so the seller section is where we'll manage our products, posting them here. Do you have the picture? Then, our TikTok account is where we upload our videos, where we upload pictures of our faces and everything . Do you have the picture? How about TikTok.com ? And biniit.tiktok.com, is this considered an advertising account ? Used for installation. It's used to set up who you want to reach, what you want to sell , and how much you want to spend on advertising. So, do you understand the overall picture now? So, in the following video, first of all, everyone probably already has a TikTok account, so there's no need to guide you on how to create one . In the following video, I will guide you through creating a personal advertising account. Creating a personal advertising account allows you to start running ads immediately. But the ads that can be run are for these companies. Do you understand? There, it works for these guys. In other words, those people who have products, a TikTok channel, and use TikTok to upload videos want to run ads to increase views, followers, and audience—in other words, to divert traffic from TikTok to other platforms. In other words, running ads that direct customers from the TikTok platform to the Zalo platform, or via phone number, or YouTube channel, or Facebook channel to make a purchase is considered running ads. Do you understand? As for some people who decide to add items to their shopping cart, that requires more skills . One of those skills is the ability to use Canvas to edit images. Canvas image editing, photography and videography skills. Wow, that's quite a lot of skills in general. Warehouse management. Many of the skills involved are defined in this way. But if you're only on this side, the skills required are simpler. It's similar to Facebook ads. It's easy, it's easy. Its only busy task is that if it receives a message, it needs to process the order or provide advice. That's all. Everything is repeated over and over again, just like Facebook ads, and it doesn't need to learn anything new, guys. But if you haven't already, you'll need to learn a new subject. Detective studies is a new subject. Hi yet? Here you go. Already. Okay, for those who go in this direction, we'll need this additional information, which we'll discuss later in a subsequent video. Okay, to summarize, I'll guide you on how to set this up, then set this up, and connect them to create a network like this. A diagram looks like this. Okay, we'll get started in the next video.

- 2026 Facebook Ads Tutorial for Financial Advisors: Step-by-Step Guide to Digital Marketing Success: Kind: captions Language: en I've spent over $10 million and tested over 3,400 Facebook ad variations for financial advisors. And I've noticed something that's costing you guys a fortune. Most advisers are still running ads like it's 2020. They're using outdated tactics that straight up don't work with Facebook's new algorithm. My name is Alex. I'm the founder of Clients Blackbox. Today, I'll show you the Facebook ad strategy that one of our firms used to bring in $7.7 million in new assets last month. And look, you can implement this in like 2 hours, not 2 months, just 2 hours. By the end of this video, you'll know exactly how to get appointments with people who have over $500,000. Keep your cost under 350 per appointment, and do it consistently. But first, there's something you got to fix, and nobody talks about this. There's two types of advisers running ads right now. Group number one just throws up some ads, gets terrible results, burns through cash, and they blame Facebook. Group number two builds foundation first. Their ads basically run themselves. The difference is group number two knows the secret isn't in the ad account. It's what happens before anyone ever sees your ad. When someone sees your ad, the first thing they do is they Google you every time. So, if your Google results are trash, if you got disputes or bad reviews showing up, you're done. They're not booking. And your website better look professional, too. People can't walk into your nice office anymore. Your website is your office. And you need reviews, real ones, because that's what people check after they Google you. Here's the biggest mistake. trying to get appointments directly from ads. Think about it. People aren't on Facebook to find a financial adviser. They're scrolling through cat videos and political rants. When you interrupt them, you've got maybe 5 seconds. That's it. You can't really ask them to book a meeting in 5 seconds. You got to give value first. So, here's what works. First, a 90-second educational video ad that teaches them something specific that goes to a 10-minute video that goes deeper, and then they can book an appointment with you. By the time they're on your calendar, they've already seen you as the expert. They're not shopping around with 10 other adviserss. Stop being another retirement planner. Everybody's a retirement planner. Be the adviser who helps people avoid running out of money. Be the adviser who protects business owners from tax bombs when they sell. Be the adviser who prevents sequence of returns risk from destroying retirements. Pick a specific problem. Become the expert for that problem. When you do this, you stop competing on price. You're not one of 20 options. You are the only option. You essentially created your own category. Now, let's talk about the campaign structure. Most advisors set up campaigns the way that Facebook suggests. Big mistake. Facebook suggestions are designed to spend your money, not to save it or be efficient. In 2025, use the leads objective. That's it. Not traffic, not awareness, not video views, not engagement, leads. This tells Facebook to find people who actually will take action, not just watch and scroll. Here's the truth about targeting in 2025. Keep it simple. Age 55 plus for broader reach. 65 plus. If you want people who can move money right away. Location. Here's the big one. Go nationwide. Stop thinking local. Your competition isn't local anymore. Every adviser in America is targeting your backyard. Let Facebook's algorithm do the heavy lifting. It knows who's interested in retirement planning better than any interest targeting ever could. Here's something nobody does. Negotiate with Facebook. Use the cost per result goal. Tell Facebook, "I want appointments for 300 or 400 bucks." Facebook will get you some at 200, some at 500, but it will average out. Don't use hard bit caps unless you want Facebook to just stop spending when the costs go up. Your ads shouldn't look like ads. They should look like a valuable piece of content. Start with did you know? People can't resist learning something new. For example, did you know retiring during a market downturn can increase your chances of running out of money by 47%. That's not an ad, that's education. But it leads to appointments. 60 to 90 seconds. Long enough to teach, short enough to keep attention. Test three videos, two headlines, two ad copies, $50 a day for three days. Winners get more budget, losers get killed. When you find a winner, don't get greedy. I see this all the time. Ads working great at $100 a day, the adviser cranks it to 500 bucks a day and the performance dies. There's a 20% rule. Never increase more than 20% per day. Yes, it's a little slow, but it compounds and it works. Facebook's algorithm needs time to adjust. If you scale too fast, you're basically starting over. Scale smart and you build something that runs for years. Here's what nobody's telling you about 2025. MATA's algorithm changed. When someone clicks any financial advisor ad right now, they're marked as in market. You know what happens next? They see ads from every adviser within 500 miles, plus virtual advisors nationwide. I predicted this 3 years ago. Your local market isn't protected anymore. That adviser in Phoenix is advertising to your clients in Boston. Speech to lead is everything now. Not next week's webinar. Tomorrow morning's Zoom call. Look, you can try figuring this out yourself. You can spend 6 months or 6 years testing, burn through cash, or click below, apply to work with us, and we'll build this entire system for you in 30 days. We only work with a few RAAS at a time because we actually care about results. Click below.

  Top Comments:
  1. @alexkhassa: Apply for our Done For You Solution 👉 https://clientsblackbox.com

- 2026 Facebook Ads Strategy for Financial Advisors: Kind: captions Language: en Facebook ads that worked great in 2023 are suddenly tanking in 2025. But it's not your fault. Facebook has changed the game. I'm Alex from Clients Blackbox. We spent over $10 million for financial advisors and RAAS to help them get over 30,000 high net worth pre-retirees and retirees to book appointments with them. And in January of this year, everything has changed. Let me show you what's actually happening. Facebook got smarter about identifying buyers. Used to be when someone searched for retirement planning, they'd see a few advisor ads. But now they click once and Facebook puts them in the high value financial services audience. Every adviser within a 500 mile radius starts targeting them. Plus every virtual adviser nationwide. I'm personally seeing 10 to 20 advisor ads per day on my feed. I'm not even looking for one. Your prospect they're seeing even more. And this killed traditional strategies overnight. Lead forms dead. Why give info to one adviser when 20 other advisers are offering you free consultations? Webinar funnels worse. While they wait for a webinar, competitors are booking meetings tomorrow. Even expensive seminars are struggling. People show up having already met with three virtual adviserss. The game isn't about education anymore. Everyone's educated. It's about speed. Here's what's working now. Immediate value. No forms, no waiting. Click an ad, watch video, learn something useful right now. Direct booking. End of the video, they can book tomorrow morning. Not next week, tomorrow. Qualification builtin. Ask about assets before they see your calendar. They have under $500,000 if that's your minimum. Don't waste anybody's time. This isn't about tricks. It's about respecting that your prospect is comparing you to 20 other adviserss. Make it easy for them to choose you. We switch all of our clients to this approach. The same ad spend, but appointments are actually going up while everyone else struggles. Why? Because we're not fighting Facebook's algorithm. We're using it. They want to show ads to buyers. Fine. We'll be the fastest one to help those buyers. If you want to see exactly how this works, I made a detailed video breakdown below. Click the button below or the link on the top of the description and stop fighting Facebook. Start using their changes to your advantage.

  Top Comments:
  1. @kreditlotsen: Where can I find the detailed video breakdown you mentioned?

- The NEW Way To Run Facebook Ads in 2026: Kind: captions Language: en In just 22 days, I made over $100,000 using this exact same Facebook ad system that I'm about to show you. Look, running ads can be stressful and completely overwhelming, especially when you're just getting started, where you're sitting there second-guessing every click, worrying about spending money that you can't afford to lose, and wondering if you'll ever figure it out. But if you just give me 20 minutes of your time, then by the end of this video, you'll know exactly how to actually run Facebook ads in 2026 and make sales without wasting time or money in the wrong direction. But listen, before we even get into how you're going to set up campaigns that drive sales, you need to understand what's actually changing in 2026. And the answer is simple. It's the customer. The way that they think, the way that they buy, that's the real shift. Look, people don't buy from polished generic ads anymore. They're smarter than that. What's actually working in 2026 is content that feels real. That means ads that look and feel like Tik Toks or Instagram reels that people are already watching every day. Maybe it's a quick story from a micro influencer. Maybe it's a simple video of someone actually using a product showing what problem it solves. The point is it doesn't feel like a commercial. It feels like content. So, if your ads aren't blending in with the content that people are already scrolling through, then you're already behind and you're missing the way that people actually buy now. Especially if you're not taking those styles of ads and bringing them over here to Facebook. But here's the good news. Once you have the right type of ads, targeting them to the ideal buyer in 2026 is now a lot easier than it used to be. A few years ago, everybody was teaching to stack a bunch of different interests for each ad. So, for example, if you were selling a dog leash, the interest that you would target would be something like dog moms, pet owners, pet food buyers, etc. But in 2026, the best results are coming from broad no interest campaigns. And what this means is that you literally leave that targeting box blank and just let Facebook's algorithm do its thing and go find the buyers for you. Why? Well, the answer is because Facebook's data pool is way deeper than yours. You might only be thinking of dog owners, but Facebook is already thinking of trainers, walkers, or even people looking up vets in their area. The point is, you're not limiting yourself. So, when you put those two shifts together, content first ads plus broad targeting, that's what separates the campaigns that take off from the ones that are just wasting you money. But here's the thing, even with content first ads and broad targeting, not every ad that you're going to make is going to be a hit. Some are going to flop, some are going to get ignored, and only a few are actually going to grab attention. This is why the very first step is creative testing. This is where you're testing multiple versions of your ad against each other. All testing different angles of the product. And this is also done with a small budget. So instead of sitting there wasting hundreds of dollars guessing, you let the numbers tell you which ads are actually worth spending money on. Let me go and show you exactly how to set up a creative test the right way. Even if you're starting off with as little as $100. All right, so we're going to be using this Retro Game Boy as our example for this campaign. So it's going to start off with actually creating this campaign. Okay. So, what I'm going to do is go ahead and click over here where it says create in my ads manager. Now, from the campaign objectives, let's go ahead and select sales since we're focused on driving purchases. Then, click continue. And then make sure that you choose the manual sales campaign option before moving on. Now, let's go ahead and give this campaign a name. I'm going to go ahead and call this one CT just to go ahead and highlight it for creative testing. Now, moving into the adset level, we're going to go and start off with the conversion settings. For performance goal, we're going to select maximum number of conversions. And then for the data set, we're going to select the pixel that's associated with the store. Next, we'll set the budget. We're going to go ahead and start off with $10 a day. So, what that means is that I have five different ads that I'm testing where each ad in here would have the opportunity to spend up to $10 a day. But the beautiful thing about creative testing is that it typically doesn't need to spend the full amount for you to find your winning ads. Now, heading down to scheduling, you can actually go ahead and set the start date to midnight the next night. Now, scroll down to audience options. Choose use original audience options and add in the top five e-commerce locations that drive the most online purchases, which is going to be United States, United Kingdom, Australia, Canada, and New Zealand. Now, heading down to the age range, I'm going to go and change this from 18 to now 21 and up. I always like testing with 21 and up because this is the age group where most people start having a little bit more extra money to spend. Now that we got that inputed, let's head down to languages. And for this, we're just going to go and keep it open to all. All right. Now, once you have all your budgets set up, now we're going to head over here to the ad level. on this ad level. This is where you're going to be adding the ads that you want to test. Adding the ad copy and where you want to direct the user to when they do click shop now. So to get that done, under ad setup, select create ad. For format, we're going to use single image or video. And then we're going to go ahead and turn off multi-advertiser ads for this one. Next, you want to scroll down. And then this is where you're going to add in your website URL. And here you want to ensure that you're inputting the product page URL of your website, not the homepage, cuz you want customers landing directly on the product, not going on your website and just hunting around for it. Now, I'm going to scroll down to add creative and select set up the creative followed by clicking on video ad. Then, we'll go ahead and click on media and then upload our first video. Once that's in, that's when you're going to add in your text description, primary text, and headline. Here, I always suggest using a variation of what you see is already working on the market. You don't want to be overthinking it. Just take what you see, throw it in chatbt, and tell it to give you a stronger variation of it. Now, when that's done for the call to action, you're going to go and select shop now. All right. So, once you have that in, go ahead and click next, and then done on the enhancement section. Now, over on this side, you'll see a live preview of the ad where you can see the primary text at the top, the headline right underneath, and that shop now button. Everything that we just entered is laid out exactly how the customer is going to see it. Now that we have this in place, let's go ahead and scroll down to URL parameters. And here's how you're going to set this up. We're going to say campaign medium as the ad name, campaign name will be the campaign name, and campaign content will be the adset name. And quick note on why this matters. These UTM tags stamp every click with the exact campaign, ad setup, and ad name. So, when a sale does land on Shopify, you can still see which ad drove it, even if the ads manager doesn't show the purchase. Now that we have that set up, go ahead and click apply. Now, let's go ahead and name this ad. Since this is our first one, I'm just going to go and call it creative one. Next, we're going to go ahead and duplicate this adset four times, giving us a total of five variations inside of this campaign. Now, with our budget being $10 on that first ad, this means it's now set to $50 since we have five ads in total now. So, when you go ahead and duplicate, all your settings are going to carry over. things like the budget, the audience, the placements, and the URL parameters. So, you're not going to have to rebuild any of that. The only thing that's going to change here is the creative itself. And for each duplicate, you'll always want to upload a brand new ad to it. Then, quickly double check that the primary text, headline, description, call to action, and URL parameters are all still correct and in unison. So, you're going to want to continue to keep repeating this exact same process for every single creative that you're duplicating. This ultimately just keeps every ad identical and structured. So the only variable being tested is the video itself. That way you get clean results and you know exactly which creative is performing the best. So once your creative test is complete and the results start rolling in, you'll want to focus on these three key things. The first is having a lower cost per link click, which shows that you can bring highquality traffic at a cheap price. The second is lower cost per,000 impressions, which shows that your ads are appealing to the right audience. And third, and most importantly, is having any added carts or purchases, which is clear proof that not only are your ads working, but your product itself is something that customers actually want. Now, listen, we'll get into more of these numbers and say what they mean in just a second. But for now, know that when you do see this in your creative test, that's when you know that it's time to scale up. And look, I know how overwhelming this part can feel. You've got creatives to test, data coming in, and you're never really sure if you're making the right calls. And look, I've been there. And that's exactly why I built my one-on-one mentorship so beginners or even people who have experience and just want to see better results don't have to sit there and figure it all out on their own. So listen, if you're serious about getting this right the first time, the link is in the description and you can apply for one of the limited spots that we have available today. And I'll be transparent, there's not a lot of spots left, so I would apply as quickly as possible cuz you don't want to be the guy who asks for help and it ends up being too late. All right, so now that you know what kind of ads that you should be running and how to set up your creative test, let's take it a step further and look how to increase the budget on the winners so you can start turning small tests into real revenue. All right, so let's start by opening up the final result of the creative test and just take a look at the numbers. So as I scroll across, you can see the key numbers I was talking about, the reach, impressions, cost per click, clickthrough rate, all the metrics that we care about. And listen, don't worry. I will break down why all these are so important in a second. But for now, let's head over here to the right where we can see how much of our daily budget we actually spent per ad. And now remember, we set a $10 day limit on each one of these. And if you look here, you'll notice that some of these never even spent the full $10. Instead, they came in around $6 each. So even though the full test was capped at $50, we only ended up spending about $32 to get these results. You see, that's the beauty of creative testing. Facebook's not going to just force your budget out there if there's no good traffic to spend it on. With that being said, let's head over here to the CPM, which again stands for cost per thousand impressions. If we take a look, you can see that this first ad is sitting right around $15 cost per thousand impressions, which is crazy good. The second one is closer to $20, which is right in that sweet spot. The third one's hitting about $12, which is still solid. Really, no problem there. The fourth one is sitting around $23. Again, pretty much fine. And then this last one is $20, which is great. Now, just to be clear, this isn't money that Facebook has already took from you. It's a projection. It's pretty much telling you, hey, if this ad reaches a thousand impressions, here's what it would cost you. And the range I like to see here is typically between 20 and $30. That's where most ads sit if the market is healthy. I don't typically push it if it's over $35 because that shows that you're putting your ad in an unhealthy market. People are probably seeing all the same ads and they're not interested in that product overall. Now, moving over to CTR, this is the clickthrough rate. All that means is that out of everyone who saw the ad, here's how many people actually cared enough to click. Anything over two and a half% here is strong. And as you can see, none of these are quite there yet. But you still can see that which ads are clearly pulling in more clicks than the others, which is directly telling me which creatives are connecting better, even if they're not perfect. Next is your CPC or cost per click. Basically, what you're paying for each person to land on your store. Next is CPLC or cost per link click, which I just told you guys earlier, how much it's costing for somebody to land on your store. Now, under a dollar is where I like to keep it. And most of these are still staying in that range, which shows that we have some decent ads that are working. Now, the last one I'll point out here is cost per purchase. This is the number that tells you what is costing to actually land a sale. But listen, that number doesn't mean much on its own, cuz you still have to compare it to your break even point to know if you're actually making money or losing it. So, here's the easy formula to figure that out. What you do is you just take your selling price and then you subtract your cost of goods and your shipping fees. And that number left over is your break even cost for purchase. So for simple math, if you're selling a product for $30 and after shipping you're getting this product for $10, that means your break even cost for purchase is going to be $20. And once you understand that metric, if you're looking at Facebook and you see that it's spending less than what you got on a sale, well then you're in profit. But if it's spending more, then you know at that moment that you're losing. Now instead of doing that math every single time for every product, this is where triple well comes in. as it pulls in your product cost and your ad spin automatically and it shows you in real time if your ads are under break even or if they're generating real money. And I got you guys covered. I'll leave a link in the description for you guys to go ahead and try it out for free. So you can always keep track of your spin and your profits. So once you found your winning ads that are consistently pulling the results, it is now time to break them out into their own CBO or campaign budget optimization campaign. What it does is it takes every winning ad from your creative test and it places each one into your first CBO, setting it at a $100 budget. And here you want to keep the targeting broad, just like how we set up the creative test. Select your top e-commerce countries only with no interest. And the budget is the only thing that you're changing here. This is the first of many CBOS that you'll be running. And that's the real shift in 2026. Instead of stacking everything into one campaign, you'll be focusing on multiple content driven CBOS. Each design to stand on its own as long as it's profitable. Where every new batch of ads that you create or pull from Tik Tok, you'll be testing in brand new CBO campaigns. You see, this approach makes it so easy to spot what's working and cut what's not while building up more and more profitable campaigns that deliver real ROI. For example, you can see on my own ad account that I have six different CBO campaigns all running at the same time. Each one is testing different ads angles and no interest targeting. Some ads are driving the strong returns while others have already been cut. And here's the key. Once those underperforming ads are cut, the rest of that $100 budget automatically shifts towards those winners, letting them scale even faster. This is why running multiple campaigns like this is exactly how I was able to amplify my results and why these same campaigns generated me over $100,000 in under 30 days. And once you got a few CBO campaigns that are already bringing results, this is where you stop playing small with just $100 budgets. Now is the time to reinvest some of those profits and scale up by doubling down on what's working. That's where the Champion CBO campaign comes in. Your Champion CBO is going to be made up of all the best performing ads across all your CBO campaigns. Basically, it's your greatest hits all tested together in one campaign. But here's the key. You're not just shutting down the original CBO campaigns that those ads came from because you never want to kill momentum. Instead, you're just going to simply add another campaign that's dedicated to your proven winners. And because you already know that these ads convert, this is a campaign where you can really push the budget and let your winners scale to their full potential. But I will say, you know, I'm not going to tell you to do something without proving to you that it actually works. So, let's go ahead and jump into it. So, you can see right here on my own champion campaign, I spent right around $1,179, which is a lot higher than the $100 to $500 budgets that I had running on the CBO campaigns that I was testing content in. And let me just say, I'm about to blow your mind because this spin was done on the first day that I started running this campaign because again, it was filled with proven winning ads. And now, even though I spent that amount, if you see once I scroll over, you can see that this amount generated me back $2,200 in return. Meaning that I spent $1,000 to make $1,000 back in profit. Who wouldn't do that? Now, let me go ahead into the actual campaign so that you can see that even in this champion campaign, some ads are outperforming each other. I mean, even ad 29, 23, and 24 didn't even spend at all. But ad six, 12, and 9, they definitely did. With ad 9 completely taken off. You can see ad9 spent around $1,000 and brought in $2,000. But ad 6 only spent $160 to make $240 back. So, this is the prime example of what I'm talking about of CBOS's where you can see it's really pushing the content towards the ads that are bringing in the highest result and allowing you to identify where to scale even faster without having to do any manual or extra work. You see, the most powerful thing about Facebook ads in 2026 is that once you understand the system, you can then just continue to keep running it again and again. Creative testing, no interest targeting, scaling with a champion CBO. This entire process is always repeatable. That's why this video wasn't just about showing you one campaign that I ran. It's about giving you the blueprint that you can actually use to hit your first $100,000 and beyond. And if you want to see me execute this exact system even deeper, then make sure to go and check out my I tried drop shipping series where I put this exact strategy to test in real time and broke down exactly what worked, what didn't, and how I scaled from just $100 to making over $100,000. Now, remember, don't just sit on this information without taking action. You have to apply it. start your first campaign and then begin building your own results. So, as always, lock in. Thank you guys so much for tuning in. This is AC with Supreme and I'm

  Top Comments:
  1. @AcHampton [8 likes]: APPLY FOR 1-ON-1 COACHING:  https://bit.ly/429V4zx 

AI STORE BUILDER - Get Your Store Built in Less Than 2 Minutes https://bit.ly/4cCaTSp
  2. @SakinKakazai [3 likes]: This video is so beautiful! Thanks
  3. @Chinthakauoc [3 likes]: Why did you choose original  audience rather than choosing Advantage+ audience?
  4. @EthanMiller-h3x [1 likes]: Thanks for the clear points, I was focusing too much on ROAS instead of profit
  5. @ItsJawadX [1 likes]: i like it keep mooving
  6. @Zainora-c7t: We duplicate the ads or use post id into CBO campaign?
  7. @davidaerousa: Bro made this easy. ❤️🫂
  8. @Fiorrikaofficial: Thank you
  9. @InternetCampfire: my ads account keeps getting restricted and un retrievable, and it happens seconds into making an account, any tips on what i should do?
  10. @emmanuelbeauport1966: Thanks
  11. @SparkleByte-e1x5h: Hi please I'm ready to buy your dropshipping course
  12. @Rita_Johanna: Thank you for this AC!
  13. @tina_moses: Thank you so much for this video so how can I set up my shopify account I am in Nigeria
  14. @shanepivac1481: Can you help with a service based business??
  15. @kaya01-o6g: My ADS is active but not spending money is this normal as a beginner
  16. @sabrinabelhou3275: The best video I've ever seen! Very valuable. 
When we put the winning videos in the CBO, is each winning video in a different ad set, or can we put two or three winning videos in a single ad set, a single CBO Scaling campaign?
Thank you in advance.
  17. @MrSkeltonn: Please Reply me How did you make AD creative.  Please make a video about how to make AD creative. which is you uploaded in this campaign😥  
And also tell me is this strategy work in new meta andromeda update ?
  18. @traysmith1992: Should I create be champion cbo every week or just create one and add all the new champ ads weekly?
  19. @traysmith1992: Should I include video and static ads in the same CBO?
  20. @ioio1987: Good morning, may i ask you to advice the best/cheapest video making app or tool for best results?

- The NEW Way To Run Facebook Ads On Low Budgets (Post-Andromeda Update): Kind: captions Language: en In this video, we're going to talk about how small to mediumsiz businesses are constantly asking us how much they should spend on their Facebook advertising to get the results they need. We're going to talk about that. We're going to draw it out. We're going to show you exactly. So, at the end of this video, you know exactly the way you need to go. I'm here today with Olivia Tut, one of my colleagues in our school community, the ads clinic, myself, Nick Bodington. Why would you listen to us? because we control 200 businesses ad accounts and a mentor in our community all about meta ads and what you should do to get more money as a small to mediumsiz business. So, let's get into it. Liv, we ask get asked this question a lot. >> We get asked an awful lot. I think this week maybe it's been the the panic around uh you know, you didn't want to say that, did you? >> No, I I was trying to think in my head. I was thinking like how do I say Andromeda? I think it comes from this week the panic around Andromeda. people and thinking, "Oh my god, I've got to add 50 creatives. Where am I going to get this budget from to test all these different ones?" >> But it's not even that. It's how the hell do you test 50 creatives? >> Yeah. How do you test 50 creating Canva and designing 50 creators with thought behind it? That's really overwhelming. >> Yeah. You wouldn't. No. So, I think it is how do we say to small medium businesses, where do you start from from an initial campaign? What's the minimum ad spend you need to spend and why? >> Do we start with how we structure a campaign? >> I would say so. Yeah. >> Okay. So, so what would you say this is this spend would be then? >> Let's go with what a lot of people are asking us in the school community at the minute, which is what's the least we can spend and we're saying 10 to20 or dollars a day >> as a bare minimum. So, let's go. >> We would probably say 20, wouldn't we? >> I think nowadays you'd probably want to go that >> per day as a daily spend. Yeah. >> Not life lifetime spend we don't really get involved with. There's not enough control. And would you say that we're building an adset or a campaign level? >> Um adset level. >> So an we'd call that, wouldn't we? So we got one campaign into an adset. >> Yeah. >> Fine. And then that's going to go into ads one. We multiple ads. >> Yeah, multiple ads. >> So for that budget, what would we say? Um and also what would the ad set need to be? Advantage plus abroad, >> I would say. Yeah, Advantage Plus. >> Okay. Plus, that's an A. Okay. And then we've got our creators, which is probably the hardest part now, isn't it? >> Yeah. I would, you know, you're definitely going to want with 20 a day, I'd say at least four. >> Um, that's where I'm seeing with my clients, you know, if we've got minimum of four, that's where we have the the best results because it's got some options to choose from. Meta has got options to choose from. But that doesn't mean that you can't add more than filter ones out. But I think for a really basic campaign where you don't have the budget for testing, >> yeah, >> because it is at the minute is you want to make money back on your ads so you can reinvest. This is the best structure that you want to do. >> So what would be the difference between these four? We'd be we'd wanting to look at different concepts, wouldn't we? So they've got to think about their business or services and who their audience is. >> Yeah. Now, I think the problem would come into if you've got three different personas. >> Mhm. >> It starts becoming harder and more expensive, doesn't it? >> So, >> because you'd want one adset for each persona. >> Well, you would. Yeah. In the old way, but if we're going to go into Andromeda, we've got which might be easier, >> but they need to think about those. So, because they haven't got really got a test budget cuz they're only on $20 a day, £20 a day. We've got one adset, Advantage Plus. And then here, let's say number one was a UGC. >> Number two was reviews or testimonials. Number three could be um demonstration. And number four could be what other angle could that be? um offer straight into offer. So, they've just got to put a really good amount of thought into these. Is it because I we would really well the testing point comes here if if we find so what Meta is also saying now is that it will decide to mo and buff of these four. >> Yeah. offer is going to be going to people who are ready to buy or Meta might pick them up and saying, you know, depending on the on the cost of that actual product. Let's say it's a $20 or 20 pound product. That might pick up to new business seeing it for the first time and going, "Oh, that's good. I'm going to buy that now." >> More likely though is they see UGC which catches their attention. They then might see a demonstration. They then see a review and then they see an offer and then they purchase here. The bit that's confusing with all this, right, and I think this is where can catch people ow that says buy not bug is that in our normal way of running ads live you would turn one two three off. >> Yeah. And you yeah allow four just to run. >> But the problem is what if four is still the cost for purchase is too high. So they go well I can't my product is 2020 20 and this cost per purchase is 35 and we see that more often than not. >> So then we're going back into finding other ads like these and bringing them in to try and beat them. So suddenly we've now got we could have one we could have eight ads >> here. Mhm. all with the same concepts or bringing out new concepts and this is going to get bigger and bigger and then you can start turning off that one or this one. >> Yeah, I think it's I think it's just find that one and if you find you know the you know ad for the offer is working maybe just then you create two more creatives based on >> the same offer but with the different concept. Yeah. I think where I think where most businesses are going to find this really hard >> is the thought that needs to go into this. >> Yeah. It's it's not just create and play. It's you've actually got to put way more. >> We haven't even discussed anything to do with this bit cuz we don't need to. >> No, >> that's just following our setup on how to set up a >> I mean, that can be confusing itself, but once you've got that, it's all here. >> This is where it all is going to come into play. >> Yeah. I think when you do have that smaller daily budget, this is an always on winners but also a bit of a testing as well. So >> testing within it. Yeah. >> Yeah. You are going to have to test within it. So you are probably going to turn on and off more frequently with a smaller budget >> because you're having to do both winners and testing at the same time. >> Yeah. But I think we need to get the mentality out of switching all eight off and keeping one on. >> Yeah. because that we've we've been under the mentality for years of finding a winner, scale it, finding a winner, scale it. And if we this concept would still be finding a winner here, scale it, turn everything else off >> so we can push all the budget into this one. >> And that's what we that's what that's I think the biggest lesson to come from all this is what we can't do anymore. And I think it's going to be really hard because I will be sitting there with like trigger hand be like, "Oh my god, I want to turn this off." >> Yeah. by having to have trust that Meta is bringing in >> new stuff. >> New stuff into it. Now, if you could if you could squeeze, well, let's say this is starting to work. So, we're starting to get more money. So, they can up the daily spend. >> Brilliant. We can up this to like 25 30 day, but then I would also bring in a the testing campaign. >> And not testing here. >> And again, minimum daily spend here, ideally 20, but a lot of people in Could you do a 10? I think a lot of people in school are going to be more that 10. I think when you then look at the ROI, you're going to want more heavily weighted towards what you're going to get return from. So I think 20 ideally, but £10 is at a bare minimum is going to work for more people. >> So you could test testing one, two, three. >> Um on the same concept. >> So that concept might be raises for young girls 16 to 25. >> And then you could just do some different types. But we're moving, we're being told to move away from just the one video with four different pieces of text on it. And I'm going to argue the point though cuz it still works for us. >> It does still work for us. >> Just in the last two days, I've done it for a client advised that mentored them with it. They've done it. There was they did three actually. They didn't have the number four. There was a complete clear winner. I mean, it was like literally £15 a lead when they're used to 27. These two got turned off and then this one is going to be moved into her winning campaign >> and then you have then a new concept at test level in a new ad set. >> Yeah. I just think I just still think there's and it I might saying I might say something different in a month, >> but I still think >> what what Meta is basically saying, Liv, I don't think we've gone over this, is that same video, but with a different text overlay, which we know has been working and a great way of testing stuff. >> Meta is saying it's going to see that as the same ad because there's too much similarity. >> Yeah. Now they are bringing out a feature which I haven't seen in any in many I don't think I've seen it in any of our ad accounts but I saw someone online talking about it where we can you know where you can go into the audience you can go into the ad metrics where you can see how long the video has been played for all that sort of stuff >> there's going to be some new bars which are going to be like similarity for creative >> right okay >> so you'll be able to choose those four bits of creative and meta will say and I don't know how because I haven't seen it properly but how similar they are to each other, >> right? >> So then it might be like, okay, they're too similar. We need to do four concepts are the same, but different videos like really have to be creative. And I think this is going to be everyone's going to have to become a creator. Agencies are going to have to become creative agencies. >> And I think that's where it comes down to know you spoke about before creative doesn't need to be clean, polished, you know, highly like highly filmed. It is that more UGC style. >> Yeah. very basic level video because that's the only way small medium businesses are going to get through this is by doing it themselves and creating more of it rather than having one really highly polished video. >> Exactly. One thing that I want to add to that though and I this is something I I I heard from a peer in the industry talk about is for the businesses that are going to find it hard going out like we would right we need more UCG luckily we can go on camera and all this sort of stuff but starting the testing in statics >> and then moving those statics and concepts into video >> okay >> based on do you see what I mean? >> Yeah. So, if you're calling out to the audience with um your your doctor says your labs are fine, but you don't feel fine, right? We know that's a winning for one of our clients. That's a winning thing. And we tested that through different text overlays and stuff like that. That wins all the time. Let's say you already you kind of have an inkling of what you're winning, what what you should say to your ideal customer to get them interested in seeing your ad. >> Test that in some statics in different ways. And if you're finding that concept is working then bring that concept through to UGC >> video. Okay, got you. Yeah, >> because unless you're talking to camera, >> it's less time consuming, isn't it? >> Less time consuming. A lot of people don't want to be on camera, don't like being on camera. I mean, it's another story altogether. It's easy for these bigger brands that you see on these other YouTube videos going, you go and get your UGC's. They cost money. >> So, you're doing it yourself or using friends of the business to come and do filming. >> Yeah. which I've got clients, you know, who on the front of it, some of our clients have are heard of from the some of the public. They're not huge brands, but you know, there's people who would have gone, "Oh, yeah, I've heard of that company." Back in behind the scenes, there's just like three of them. >> Using Friends is UGC and all this sort of stuff. So, it's it's navigating through this because the majority of us don't have huge amounts of budget to throw around to design agencies and GGC's and creators and all that. So, what we're trying to do with helping people watching this video and on our school is what you can do when you've got smaller budgets. And it's not always just $20, it's 100, 150, 200. But in the grand scheme of things, even 500 a day is small budget. So I think this is a really good thing to do. I think if anyone can test separately that's brilliant. >> If you can't test separately, I think keeping the structure here in and out is the way to do it. >> And if you need any more help on this from live and I you can go to school.com/theads clinic link below in the description and the the top comment and uh it's all free. We have modules in there teaching how to do all this sort of stuff and amazing community and Q&A. Everything gets answered.

  Top Comments:
  1. @vaidaskabu [2 likes]: Follow-up on ad-level spend distribution: when one ad becomes a clear dominant spender in an ad set, what’s your usual play with the other ads that are barely getting delivery?
	•	If the ad set is profitable overall, do you keep low-spenders as “backup” creatives, or remove them?
	•	Do you ever “force” spend to a low-spender (duplicate into a new ad set / isolate) to validate it?
	•	Is there a spend threshold (e.g., <$X or <Y% of ad set spend after Z days) where you decide to pause them?
  2. @nickboddington1 [1 likes]: Get my FREE 2026 Facebook Ads Masterclass here 👉 https://www.skool.com/theadsclinic/about
  3. @marctipper9960 [1 likes]: £20 daily budget, selling tees at £21.99 (around industry standard). £11 profit per tee. Would need to sell 2 tees a day to break even. Yes AOV on site can be utilised, but surely Meta Ads are just NOT a realistic option for low budget businesses selling lower ticket items ?
  4. @wrmachinellc [1 likes]: One of the dumbest takes about Facebook ads ever. Why can't you just show your FB Ad Manager instead of the slop whiteboard gimmick.
  5. @thebarefootdriver [1 likes]: Thanks Nick and Olivia. Question: every time I run more than one ad per ad set, Meta throws all the spend at one and ignores the others. I know you’ve previously said about one ad per ad set to combat this and so the testing of creative can be more on a level playing field, but can I clarify that you no longer advocate the 1 ad set 1 ad model with Andromeda?
  6. @divyv20 [1 likes]: Hey Nick , really nice video! I was wondering if I could help you with high Quality Editing and thumbnails which will bring you very good results. Lmk if you are open to it man?
  7. @mochithecathouse [1 likes]: Why adset level not campaign level spend?
  8. @granatdesign25 [1 likes]: Great video. What is UGC?

- Facebook Ads Not Spending? Step-By-Step Fix for Ad Sets That Won’t Deliver (Meta & Instagram): Kind: captions Language: en Now, what to do if your Facebook and Instagram ads are just not spending the full daily budget? Meaning, you set a campaign on, let's say, $500 or adset on $50, but it's really only spending a small fraction or maybe not spending any money at all. In this video, I'll show you step by step how to investigate what's the root cause and how to fix the problem so your audiences will spend the full budget. So, first, just a real quick high overview. What are we talking about, right? So when you're in your ad account and you have your campaigns and inside of your campaigns you have your adsets and now let's just say you have a daily budget here of 240 but the amount spent ends up not being 240 but is significantly lower or is uh pretty much zero. Then we know something is not right and we need to take action. The very first thing to check for is to make sure your ad account is not banned and you don't have an issue with your payment method right or pass through payment on your credit card. The first hint for that is if you have other audiences that are spending money, right? So, if you for the same time frame see that there's other audiences or campaigns that have some amount spent, you know, you're uh fine, right? The ad account is in good standing. You'll also get a red warning message here at the top where you will get a notification if a payment failed or your ad account is restricted for any reason. One more thing to check for is when you go on the ads level. So, you click on the adset name and you check on all of your ads to make sure that the delivery uh status uh is not disabled or something like that, right? When you click on edit, you'll also see right here at the top right hand side a warning message if something is wrong with the ad. That can also obviously affect adset level spending. So, if all of your ads are disabled or blocked for whatever reason, then your adsets won't deliver as well. So, that's a real quick health check. Once you've done that and you know you're good, we can move on to the next step. Next, we want to ensure that the adset level targeting uh is not causing the issue. Why the adset level? Because that's really where we set the targeting restrictions and that's typically associated with with delivery issue. So, the very first thing we want to check for is the target audience size. I'll show you how to check for that. You head on over back into the adset. You hover over it, click on edit, and then at the right hand side, you will see here show estimate audience size. and you click on that, you can see the actual audience size, right? And so you can see this is obviously a massive massive audience. Sometimes when folks have very narrow lookalike audiences or interest targeting, they might find that this audience number ends up being very narrow and small. What's too narrow? I would say that anything below 200,000 is playing with fire. And so that could then cause basically delivery issues. That happens a lot when you set up very narrow interest and you you layer them, right? So in that case you can consider not layering them and basically just have one set of interests and then you create another adset targeting the other set of interests to just broaden that audience size. So everything above 200k should be fine. Also when you target a custom audience a retargeting audience of your website visitors let's say and on that pixel you have less than a thousand visitors that this could also be causing that issue. And so then just wait until you have gathered more website visitor data on your pixel and then you can relaunch the audience and then should deliver. Next, make sure that you have active ads inside the adset. We already touched on that, right? So when you click on the adset, just make sure that there are ads in there that they're all enabled. So you can see this blue icon right here. Uh and that under the delivery column, you don't have any issue where the ad was disabled. If you don't have the delivery column, head on over right here, click customize columns, and then choose uh select it, and then on the right hand side, it'll show up, and you can drag it into place, and you can click on save, and uh you'll have that uh column ready for your review. Last but not least, make sure you don't have any low manual bidding on the audience. So, when you go into the adset level, you click on edit, you scroll down, you'll have here cost per result, and it says none, right? So in this case, I am on what's called automatic bidding. So Facebook's algorithm will automatically figure out what bidding to to use to enter the auction. But right now, it basically says that Facebook will figure out what's the right bidding and then it's very hard to basically bid too low. And so as a result, you don't get any any reach because you're never winning an auction, right? If you have a value here and it's a very low value, then that could be causing the issue. If, let's say, uh, you know, right now, I'm basically saying, look, I'm willing to spend $5 to get a purchase. that might be too low if I'm selling 20 thou $5,000 products, right? So, um it always has to be in relation. So, my recommendation would be in the beginning to just get rid of it, to not use it, um and see if that fixes the issue. Now, if you've gone through all those steps and there's still no spending or you uh ensure that it's not really applicable to you, then we have to, you know, get out the heavy measures and so we'll try things to force spending on the campaign and on the adset. In a first step, what I like to do is I just like to duplicate the campaign or the adset. I have the uh budget set to 240 right here on the adset level. I can just duplicate the adset. Just re-entering the marketplace for whatever reason gets the spend going. But but uh that would be my first step, just duplicate the adset. And if you're on this active status for, let's say, more than half a day and there's still no spending or very little spending after a day or two, then we got to move on to the next step, which is high manual bidding. I would bid very aggressively. I get sometimes attacked for this because it's not a really logical thing to do, right? So, uh, if I'm selling, let's say, a $500 product, my target cost per purchase is 250. I would bid 1,500, for example. So, three times your AOV, two times your AOV, something very aggressive because I want to reenter the auction. I want to have very high bid. I going to outbid competitors. I will get more delivery and more spend. If I'm telling Facebook I'm willing to spend 1,500 to get a purchase, wouldn't it be crazy expensive? I only want to spend 250. That's true. And it won't really translate into 1,500 cost per purchase. And we're just using this as an initial kick in the butt to get some spend going. and then you can take it out of the adset once it starts delivering but not performing. So this is another trick that I use to really get full spend. And if even this doesn't help and you spend another day and there's just no spending on that audience, then you have to bring out the absolutely heaviest gun, right, which is raising the daily budget and if possible, accelerated spending. Now, at the time of taping this and in the ad account that I'm inside of right now, it's not available that option, but check for yourself if it's available on your site. Right? So, when you head into the adset in question, you'll find at the top section under conversion, you scroll down, there's going to be this show more settings, and then you have delivery type. And if you can set this, you can go to accelerated spending. And so then it will basically be yet another kick in the butt to really accelerate spending and get this going. You can pair it with an increase in daily spend or you first set up accelerated spending and then increase the daily spend. So in that case, you have a large enough audience, healthy ad account standing, high budget, high manual bidding, and accelerated spending. But make sure that you monitor every hour to ensure that you know you're not um you're not burning through capital too fast. Um that's that. And obviously at some point if you have other audiences that are delivering and performing well, you could obviously also just throw in the towel at some point and say, "Look, I'll rely on the other ones." You can also just when you are a customer, if you're watching this video and you're a customer of Adamigo AI or a user, then obviously you can just ask the agent to run an audit on that asset and figure out why it's not delivering. And then at the end, it'll recommend to you things that it wants to do to fix that delivery, right? So, it can go ahead and then change the bidding, change the budget and everything. You just talk to the agent. It's almost like a media buyer or an agency and it will figure out what needs to be done and do it for you. I hope this video was helpful and see you in the next one.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Nathan47223 [11 likes]: FInally a video that comprehensively explains this.
  2. @Hajimuizcopy [4 likes]: Thanks man. Duplicating the ad sets worked
  3. @samsemilia88 [3 likes]: just started a new bm accound and ad account
i put 50$ for a campaign
an ABO
since 2 days its not spending 1 cent
raised budget, duplicated it did everything
even i put 50$ on the account as credit.. its still not spending
  4. @jonathanalves9337 [1 likes]: How can i know if my account has been banned?  My account seems ok, I can create ads, but it`s not spending at all
  5. @DivyaanshBhardwaj-o9s [1 likes]: Another issue could be that your card is set as backup not primary that was issue for me .
  6. @loujeanbuenaventura [1 likes]: Hey ,Just wanted to ask if you already have someone handling video edits.
If not, happy to chat and see if it makes sense to work together.
  7. @tomwootton6518 [1 likes]: Thanks for the video bro, i launched my first ever campaign a day or 2 ago and waited for the 24 hour review after that iseen no results, so i paused my active campaign and launched a new campaign that targetted traffic insteaf sales, still sat on 0£ spent even tho my ad is "active"
  8. @oyebankeoyelowo3290 [1 likes]: I’m facing this issue on all my ads account 
What could be the cause?
I have tried everything in this video ,it’s still not spendifing
  9. @nonaim4833 [1 likes]: i just satrted the campaign 4 hours ago and just have 0  dollats spending is it nromal ?  i have audience of 1.000.000.000 and 50 $ budget
  10. @Highvibenoah [1 likes]: Nice video I’m facing this issue
  11. @YTkingsniper: It’s my very first ad and campaign I’m running and it’s been active for more than a day and it’s still not spending money on the ads yet. Can you please tell me what happened and how I can fix it?
  12. @antoinettemuzi1640: Would this work for a lifetime budget? I am running a ticket flash sale and barely got any spend in the last 12 hours
  13. @SalmanAli-yk5mx: I duplicated the campaign and paused the original one as you told, then after a few hours, all ads' status changed to "Preparing" from active now. Don't know what's happening!!!
  14. @tapoa5638: thankyou, increasing cost per result goal worked
  15. @fakiev22: i have a new account should i just wait a day or 2
  16. @RZephyrr: My ads are not spending but meat is charging me a little bit I think it is to check payment is working and it is but still $0 spent on the actual campaign. Those facbook payments were most likely tests from meta.
  17. @MirOrhan: wanted to share my experience with Meta Ads support because it has been extremely frustrating.

I have been running multiple campaigns, following all the recommended guidelines — using Meta Advantage campaigns, no manual targeting, no frequent changes — yet I am facing CPM spikes up to 100x and very low impressions. This is causing continuous losses.

Since yesterday, I have been communicating with Meta advisors, providing detailed screenshots and proof, but the support team has:
	•	Ignored my proof
	•	Repeatedly told me to “wait 24–48 hours” without any actual solution
	•	Given vague, generic replies
	•	Failed to escalate the issue to a senior or technical team

Even when I ran a practical ad exactly as instructed, let it run for the whole day despite losses, the result still showed negative performance, but my evidence was not accepted.

I am extremely frustrated because the support team is not taking my case seriously, wasting my time, and giving no resolution, even though this issue is causing real financial loss.

I wanted to share this with you because I feel like Meta Ads support is mishandling serious issues
“I would really appreciate it if you could provide guidance or assistance to resolve this issue
  18. @thehypereelz: Bro i literally tried everything here and contacted support, but my ads aren't spending at all. It suddenly stopped spending on spetember and till now its not working. 

  Its an old ad account abiut 1 year.   
I cheked the audience size, pixel, ad creative, cost bidding, budget, domain verification and also tried duplicating the ads nothing worked. Im out of solutions honestly man my ads are just stuck at 0
  19. @gamer124: i launched 1 adset with 6 creatives with 1000pkr which is enough like in dollars you can assume i am spending 30$ but meta is not spending money in 2 days its spend only 1k but my budget was 1k pr day , and we are frsh no data our first compaign . we are on broad fully broad ,  plus all creatives are active i  can see ! 
if you know pls tell if don't know just tell me i will appreciate it !

- HOW TO FIX THE FACEBOOK ADS NOT DELIVERING PROBLEM (STEP-BY-STEP GUIDE 2026): Kind: captions Language: en In this video, I'm going to show you how to fix the Facebook ads not delivering problem step-by-step. If your ads are approved but not spending money, not getting impressions, or showing a not delivering status inside Ads Manager, don't worry. This is a very common issue for advertisers, and in most cases, it can be fixed quickly once you identify the real cause. In this guide, I'll walk you through the most common reasons why Facebook ads stop delivering and how to solve them. First, open your web browser and go to Meta Ads Manager. Log into the Facebook account connected to your advertising account and open the campaign that is not delivering properly. Once you're inside Ads Manager, check the delivery column to confirm the exact status of your campaign, ad set, or ad. One of the most common common reasons ads stop delivering is because the campaign is still in review. Facebook sometimes takes longer to approve ads depending on the account history, ad category, or recent account activity. If your ad is still under review, you may simply need to wait a little longer before delivery begins. Next, check your account spending limit and payment method. Go to billing and payments inside Ads Manager and make sure your payment method is active and hasn't been declined. If there's an unpaid balance or billing issue, Facebook may completely stop ad delivery until the payment problem is resolved. Another major reason for delivery problems is audience size. If your targeting is too narrow, Facebook may struggle to find enough people to show your ads to. Open your ad set settings and review your targeting options. Try broadening your audience by increasing locations, age ranges, interests, or behaviors to give Facebook more people to optimize toward. You should also check your campaign budget and bid strategy. Extremely low budgets or aggressive manual bid settings can prevent ads from entering auctions successfully. In many cases, increasing your daily budget slightly or switching to automatic bidding can help restore delivery quickly. Another important step is reviewing your ad quality and policy compliance. If your ads were recently rejected, limited, or flagged for low-quality content, Facebook may reduce delivery significantly. Make sure your ad creatives, landing pages, and copy follow Meta advertising policies and avoid misleading claims, restricted content, or poor user experience. If you recently edited the campaign multiple times, Facebook's learning phase may also affect delivery temporarily. Frequent changes to targeting, budgets, or creatives can reset optimization and slow down performance. Sometimes the best solution is simply allowing the campaign to stabilize for several hours before making more edits. You should also verify that your pixel or conversion tracking is working correctly if you're optimizing for conversions. A broken pixel or missing event setup can confuse Facebook's optimization system and reduce delivery performance. Use the Meta Events Manager tool to confirm your events are firing properly. If none of these fixes work, try duplicating the campaign or ad set and launching a fresh version. Sometimes older campaigns become stuck due to optimization or delivery issues, and creating a clean duplicate can solve the problem almost instantly. And that's it. You've successfully learned how to fix the Facebook Ads Not Delivering problem by checking billing issues, audience targeting, budgets, ad quality, and optimization settings. You can usually get your campaigns delivering again very quickly. If you found this tutorial helpful, make sure to subscribe to Learn Mode Lab for more Facebook Ads, Meta, and digital marketing tutorials.

  Top Comments:
  1. @UpliftZoneYT [1 likes]: I just find my solution here 
Thank you so much

- Bí Mật Quảng Cáo Facebook Ads Hiệu Quả 2026: Kind: captions Language: en Okay guys, yesterday I shared a really good video with you about how to do effective Facebook ads in 2026, but due to some technical issues with the platform, it was blocked (YouTube blocked it too). So today I'm going to make another video for you [sniffs] to help you visualize it. Above is a diagram to help you run effective ads on Facebook in 2026 . And why do I mention conversion ads in this diagram and not message ads or livestream ads? Why is that? Because 2026 is the year of AI, and beyond AI, it's about Asian AI. What does that mean ? That means everything is becoming automated. But this automation needs to be ensured by its effectiveness, which is data. And if you only run Facebook ads on Messenger or only run Facebook ads on livestreams, you'll lose about 40 to 50% of your high-quality customer base from iOS devices that you can't capture. And by running conversion ads using the conversion API, you can capture 100% accurate data across both Android and iOS platforms, including iPhones. So what exactly does conversion advertising involve? We're not going to discuss the content here; instead, we're going to talk about this part, this system. This is the technical part behind the scenes. Most people will focus on the flaw at the front, which is the content, the advertisement. But in this section, I won't be talking about the advertisement anymore; instead, I'll be discussing the technical aspects behind it. And this part will greatly determine the long-term effectiveness of the advertising. First, we run a conversion campaign ad. You need to understand that conversion ads, message ads, and livestream ads are all the same in terms of how they are displayed on Facebook. The only difference is that with text message advertising, when customers click the send message button, they will chat with you via text message. But if you run conversion ads, when they click the button, they'll be redirected to your sales page. And if your sales page has complete product information, customers will read it, understand it, and decide for themselves whether or not to buy it. And nowadays, on Facebook, customer behavior is such that they prefer to buy products directly rather than talking to customer service representatives . They don't like talking to salespeople, they prefer to buy things themselves, but they still appreciate advice. So, conversion advertising will solve this problem for you. So, first of all, the goal here, as you can see in the goal diagram, is to run conversion ads. The goal is that when customers see the ad on Facebook, click on the ad, and are redirected to our affiliate page, our landing page, our sales page, or our e-commerce website, which you can then use. So what is the purpose of such a transfer? Its primary function is to help you capture customer data . You captured the data. For example, if I click on it, it will capture the data, the data I have on the internet, and from that data, the AI will learn from it. It will deliver the advertisement to the right target audience. Imagine that's the first one. The second one here states that the goal is to bring customers—potential customers—into the funnel, drive traffic to Si Bate, and increase stop-buy. So, when your content wins , whether you're running conversion ads, livestream ads, or message ads, customers will all take action: they'll like, share, comment, and send messages. So when customers are browsing, when you run conversion ads, customers who have a need and are in the behavior of buying on your website will visit your website. Some people who make purchases via text message will leave a comment. For example, if they like something, or click "request a quote," or click " inbox," then immediately when they comment on your post, the system will automatically reply to their inbox message. You need to set up an automated system, meaning an automated system to automatically reply to their inbox and automatically send messages to customers based on that comment. You still receive calls and messages immediately, right? You still receive customer messages through this advertising campaign. And where do you still manage to acquire repeat customers ? This is the second time on your fan page. The data is still on the fan page, right? And if that customer visits the ad and then goes to the sales page, that's two instances of data capture. This will help you optimize your ads by teaching the AI to learn from that data. And [sniff] after replying to comments on the post, liking the post, and then messaging the customer in the inbox, your advertisement will naturally gain more touchpoints and interactions. The more interactions and touchpoints the advertisement has between the fan page or between us and the customer, the more highly the AI will rate that advertisement. Why is that? Because it has a lot of interaction, the quality score of the ad increases because of the high level of interaction, making the reviewer think that this ad is better. Can you imagine? People interacted with the post because it was good . This is something most people overlook. Most people don't do this, which results in your advertisement being inconsistently effective. That's after you've done that, right? Even after sending direct messages to customers via inbox and comments, we still need to collect customer data one more time. What is that? In that inbook, we still need to collect their customer data : name, phone number, email, address, everything. Where should I take it? Download it to the website. You still have to send it back to them, to their website, or to Google Sheets. Do you understand? And what do we do with it when we move it like that? The ultimate goal of Facebook's Pi sale is to capture accurate user data. And once you've captured the data, you need to understand this: if you're running Facebook ads but you're running SMS ads, and you want to run ads on Google or TikTok, you won't be targeting the exact same customer segment . If you run conversion ads, when customers visit your website, data from Facebook's Pixel , Google Atlantic's Pixel, and TikTok's Pixel will capture that audience. And when that target audience goes online—on Google, on YouTube , on TikTok—and they watch, our ads, if you're running them on those platforms, will continue to follow and track them. And you have to understand one thing: customers don't buy something at first sight. Therefore, by leveraging multiple platforms, we can firstly avoid competitors jumping into our customers' minds , directly targeting them and stealing their customers. Secondly, if we display our products frequently enough, it increases trust, boosts engagement, and increases interaction, leading to customers becoming familiar with our brand. This increases confidence and makes it easier for us to sell, right? And the fourth point is, after we've run it like that, we need to measure the optimal results, okay? Here, we measure Zalid rates, conversion rates such as CBA, CBL, CTR, and so on. All [clears throat] the metrics you need to measure and you need to optimize them. We need to optimize by identifying what data is truly driving our conversions , what customer behavior is at stake, and what customer targets are at stake. This isn't the target we have in mind; we're targeting directly through Facebook ads . This target refers to specific and detailed data returned by customers through inbox messages or forms filled out on our website. And after we analyze it like that, we will know which campaigns are effective, which are the effective target customers, when customers make effective purchases, and what motivates customers to buy . And from there we package it up, we replicate it. That's the scaling step, right? So this is a flow, this is the latest advertising flow that you should adopt. Whether you're running SMS ads or livestream ads, you should start with this channel first, not SMS ads. And from my experience, I've found that if a new fan page doesn't have fresh data, building a comprehensive and accurate customer data set can be very costly. Therefore, running ads using this conversion method will quickly provide us with a well-defined data set. And to obtain this standard data file, we can offer some bait to help attract customers to our file . Using our fan page and our sales website is much easier than running ads to sell products directly, right? Okay, so that 's the flow and implementation method for Facebook advertising in 2026. Of course, we're still running SMS ads, livestream ads, and interactive ads, guys. But this is the main flow and the primary campaign objective that's helping us sell best right now, after I've tested it a lot [clears throat] . Okay, so goodbye and see you again in the next tutorial and sharing videos. And if you want to learn how to fully set up this funnel system—this is a funnel, a flow—then I still have a program/course that will guide you step-by-step, helping you install it, understand how the funnel works , understand how the flow works, and understand how we will be doing Facebook advertising in 2026 and the future. Okay, hello and see sharing videos. If you want to learn, please scroll down; I'll put the registration link for this course in the description of this video. Hello and goodbye.

- How to Make Effective Facebook Ads that Drive Sale (2026 Guide): Kind: captions Language: en In today's video, I'm going to teach you how to make effective Facebook ads that drive sales. Before you spend a dollar, set your campaign up for the right result. Choose sales or conversions as your objective. This tells the platform to find people most likely to purchase, not just click. If your goal is revenue, avoid traffic. It it optimizes for visits, which can look good on paper, but rarely translate into buyers. Next, define a clear target audience. Start with location, age range, and gender if that's relevant to your offer. Layer in interests that align with your product or niche, and don't be afraid to narrow. A smaller, well-defined audience often performs better than a broad one because the message feels more relevant. Think of it like a conversation. The more specific you are about who you're talking to, the easier it is to say the right thing. Strong creatives are what stop the scroll. Use crisp images or short videos and get your product or main benefit on screen. Within the first three seconds, people decide quickly whether to keep watching. So lead with what matters most. Instead of only showing the product, demonstrate the outcome it creates faster, easier, cleaner, or more enjoyable. Clear visuals and simple text overlays go a long way. Your ad copy should sell, not just describe. Open with a hook that calls out your ideal customer or their pain point. Then connect the dots between the problem and how your offer solves it. If you have reviews or testimonials, reference them to build trust. Wrap up with a direct call to action like shop now or buy today so people know exactly what to do next. Set a smart budget and schedule. Begin with a modest daily budget to test your ideas and let your ads run for at least three to five days before making a judgment. This gives the system time to learn. When you see consistent purchases at acceptable costs, scale gradually to maintain stability. Track performance and optimize with intent. Watch core metrics like cost per purchase and return on ad spend. If an ad isn't converting, pause it and shift budget to what's working. Make one change at a time, such as adjusting the audience or creative so you know what actually improve results. Finally, retarget interested buyers. Show ads to people who clicked but didn't purchase using reminders, a limited time offer, or a testimonial to overcome hesitation. Retargeting often delivers the highest return cuz these users already showed intent. Thanks for watching. Apply these steps consistently. Keep testing your creatives and messaging and double down on what converts. See you in the next training.

- 7 Effective Marketing Strategies for 2026 (TIPS, TRICKS & TACTICS): Kind: captions Language: en - Hey there, my friend, Adam here. Today, I wanna share with you seven marketing secrets or marketing hacks or marketing tricks, essentially things that nobody's really talking about. Not even me that often. And it's because they're a little more complicated and a little more nuanced than the quick hits that we often get when it comes to social media, things like post at this time, or adapt your content for this algorithm tweak or use this kind of font or this kind of color or all of those things. What I'd rather do is get to the core of why your marketing may not be working as well as you want. And even if it is working okay, understanding the seven things that I'm gonna be walking you through here today will allow you to immediately upgrade all of it. Get better results, more clicks, more traffic, more sales from everything you do. And not only that, probably the most important thing that I could ever give you is to show you how to think about your marketing, how to process different marketing strategies and basically the crazy stuff that goes on inside my head when I'm evaluating different marketing tactics and tools and resources and all of that. So my goal here today is as ambitious as it is, is to try to pack seven secrets and seven hacks into a very short period of time, so that you're gonna be able to watch this. And you're going to be able to extract these little golden nuggets and apply them to your business, to your client's business, to whatever it is that you're doing. And it starts right now. So the very first thing that we need to talk about is kind of what ends up happening when someone says, "Hey, my marketing's just not working. Like, it's just nothing's happening. No one's clicking. No one's watching my stuff. The algorithm isn't pushing it or promoting it to people. Nothing's working." It's something that I hear all the time. I see it in the comments below very common. 90% of the time, it's because they're just not doing enough marketing. It's just a question of volume. It's a question of quantity, not so much quality. So let me explain. I don't know who's to blame for this one. Maybe it's the get-rich-quick things. Maybe it's all of the courses and the programs that promise that you can become a millionaire in 30 days with no work or whatever it is. But for some reason, when people think about marketing, they think that all they need to do is make a Facebook ad or an Instagram ad or post one video on YouTube and they'll just blow up and become the next viral sensation and everything will just work out miraculously well, and, seriously, I wish this was the case. That'd be amazing, but it's not, right. It's like marketing is just a business function. I'm gonna make this sound horribly boring, but it's like accounting or finance or legal aspects of a business or HR or sales or whatever it is. They're all just different business functions, which means that they require time. They require energy. They require money and investment in them in order to get them to work. Now, what ends up happening is most people will make one post on social media. It won't get the traction. And then they'll swear off that platform. So they'll hop over here, try out Twitter now and make a couple tweets. Nobody engages. So they say, "Well, Twitter doesn't work," and they'll make a YouTube video. And then that won't take off and they get frustrated and they get angry because it's just not working when the reality is, they probably just haven't done enough. And that's why the first concept, the first sort of hacker secret is identifying the marketing sweet spot. So in the most rudimentary art drawing class ever, let me show you exactly what I mean by marketing sweet spot. And you can see where you fall and where the vast majority of businesses fall. And if you find yourself in this position, you know that the answer is to keep on pushing through. It's not to dial back. It's not to pivot. It's not to do anything like that. It's just to keep going forward. So lemme show you what that looks like. So I want you to imagine for a second, a bell curve, kind of like the traditional bell curve. Of course, that'll be the, there we go. We'll get some ink flowing here. So this is our bell curve, our ugly, ugly bell curve. And it's gonna have three different sections. Now over here on the left, this is what you're going to call the minimum effective dose. So the MED, the minimum effective dose. Essentially, what ends up happening here is until you're in this range, nothing you do matters. It's about sort of making that one post on social media that someone sees one time and then that's it. And then you wonder why it's not working. It's about spending $5 on Facebook ads or Instagram ads and not getting immediate sales and then sort of swearing off the entire online advertising system and that, but the reality is we just haven't hit There's not enough momentum. There's not enough touch points. There's not enough exposures and reach and engagement with the audience that you're trying to reach. And we're gonna talk about that one in just a second, but this is where 90% of businesses fall as they sit around here in this minimum effective dose kind of half committing to different strategies, and then wondering why nothing's working and the answer here, the solution is, again, you've got to push through, you've got to move up here. And this is the sweet spot. This is where you're going to find sort of the saturation of your market. You're going to be hitting the number of touch points that are required. Again, we'll talk about that in just a second. You're going to be making sure that the people that you want to reach are actually seeing your content. You're gonna make sure that you've essentially saturated everything that you can. Now, the reality is this sweet spot is huge, massive, massively huge. Like when we're thinking about your business, your market or your industry, these are huge, huge industries, billions and billions of dollars. So unless your business is doing a billion dollars a year or more, there's more that you can do. It's crazy when I hear about someone that thinks that, "Well, look, I'm already posting once a day on Instagram," or, "I'm already making one YouTube video a week," or, "I've got a podcast. I'm pretty much maxed out. There's nothing else I can do." And they're sitting at around, say a million bucks a year, and they're in, let's use health and fitness. So if you're in, let's say the health and fitness industry, this massive multi-billion dollar industry and your business is doing a million a year, two million a year, a hundred grand a year, whatever it is, you haven't even scratched the surface for what you're capable of doing and for the amount of people that you could reach. So you could go from one post a day to five posts a day. You could make one video on YouTube a week to one video on YouTube a day. You could do two videos a day. You could start other channels. You could have other podcasts. There's so much that you can do. Now, of course, at some point, you're going to reach this third area, which is diminishing returns, biminishing returns. There we go, D for diminishing, diminishing returns. There's gonna be some point where eventually more money, more effort, more time isn't gonna pay off, but I can't even begin to tell you of all of the businesses I've worked with over the last 10 years, the tiniest fraction falls in here. And typically it's when they're spending like a million dollars a month on ads and they simply can't get in front of more people with their ads. So they're doing blogging, they're doing podcasting, they're doing SEO. They're running Google ads and Facebook ads and Instagram ads and all that. The biggest example here is if you're running some kind of search-based PPC, pay-per-click advertising, like a Google search ad. At the end of the day, you can't make people search for more stuff. So you can max out. But again, you can make that broader. You can go for discovery ad platforms like Facebook and Instagram, where you can put things in front of people that may potentially be interested. There's a lot of ways. So the reality is, let's find a bright, happy, colorful marker. This is where we're going for, this sweet spot here. Like everybody is down here in this sort of minimum effective dose. They haven't even scratched the surface for what's possible. And then they're wondering why their marketing is not working. The best piece of advice of everything that I could give you here is, really, you just have to do more. Now, of course, you need to be strategic. You need to think through it. That's what the rest of this is going to be about, but more is your answer. So on that note, how much more? And that leads me to the marketing rule of seven. Now, depending on your business or market or your industry, depending on if you're selling something for low-dollar value or high-dollar value, it's kind of universally agreed that for somebody to make a purchase decision, for someone to take action and actually buy from you, they need around seven touch points, which means seven engagements, seven interactions with your brand. You can't simply put something in front of them one time, expect them to buy and then call it a day. You're gonna have to do this multiple times, seven. Now, if it's expensive, it's gonna be seven to 14. If it's significantly cheaper, like you're selling a pack of gum for 99 cents or something, you probably don't need seven touch points. One should be sufficient, but that rule of seven is important because it forces you to not give up too early. It's just like when you're looking at these statistics around sales and you realize that most conversions, most closes for sales happen after like five rejections or five follow ups, five emails, five extra calls. It's rarely, pretty much never, the first time. Same thing goes with marketing. A bit of a side note here, but marketing is kind of selling one to many, sales is one to one, marketing, one to many. So we use the same concepts, the same strategies, all of that with sales. But I like to think of marketing as a little more exciting and a little more challenging even because instead of trying to convince one person at a time and overcome their objections and their fears and their concerns, we have to do this on mass and we have to do it without really getting much feedback from our market. So rule of seven, that's important. Now, how do we do this? Well, we do this by showing up in front of our ideal target market where they're present and active, which means that we need to be selective about what social media platforms we're going to, about what kind of content we're creating, about where we're putting that. And we need to make sure that it's in alignment, not only with you and your content style and what you like doing, hate doing, but also where your people are. In fact, that's the most important element. There's no point on being on Twitter or Pinterest or TikTok or Instagram or YouTube if your people aren't there. So you've gotta find out where they're present and active online, and then you've got to make it your mission to follow up and to make sure that you're consistently showing up in front of them with value, with content, and with offers. So that's the marketing rule of seven. Now the next point is more of a psychological phenomenon, more of a mental hack that you can use. I've talked about this a ton on this channel here, but it's called the mere exposure effect and what the mere exposure effect is, is a psychological phenomenon that says we, as people, as humans, we associate frequency with trust. So the more often that we show up in front of people, the more often that they see us, the more they know us, the more they like us and the more that they trust us. This kind of stems back to caveman days, where if we saw something enough times and it didn't try to kill us or eat us, we assumed it was safe. Well, all of that programming, all of that evolution is carried forward to today. So now when we see things again and again and again, we naturally start to like things more because we're familiar with them. They're less scary and, therefore, we're more likely to trust them. So this is why the marketing rule of seven is so important. This is why following up is so important. This is why making sure that you've got a solid email marketing strategy in place is paramount. It's crucial. Probably the second most important thing I could offer here, the first one is to make sure that you get out of that minimum effective dose zone and into the sweet spot, by doing more. The second probably most valuable piece of advice I could give you is to make sure that you're doing some kind of email marketing and you're doing it more than you think. So for some weird reason, there's this rule, this gospel in the marketing world, that you should send one marketing email a week at most, maybe one a month, 'cause you don't wanna bother people. Garbage. It's absolute garbage. There's plenty of businesses and industries where you could send one email every three days, you could send one email a day. There's some businesses and companies that I've consulted for and done work with and own and have stake in that do two emails a day and it works. People don't get angry, they don't unsubscribe. You've just got to know who your market is. At the very least, however, I'd say that you should be shooting for three emails a week, kind of at minimum. Otherwise, again, you're not going to have the chance to establish yourself and to take advantage of all of those touch points and the marketing rule of seven and the mere exposure effect. And that leads me perfectly to the next kind of secret, which is that you really wanna go deep rather than broad. So let me tell you what is probably my biggest pet peeve when it comes to marketing. And that's whenever I ask somebody, "Well, who's your target market?" And they say, "Everyone," or "People with money," and that's amazing. That'd be great, but there's like eight billion people on the planet. And I promise you, you don't want all of them. Even if they all wanted to do business with you, some of them are just terrible, terrible fits for your business. So why don't we rein that in a little bit. And even if we were to say separate men and women, well, now, we're down to like four billion or then we separate to this country. Now we're down to like a hundred million and then maybe this area, now we're down to 30 million. I mean, still, we're gonna wanna carve that down to a significantly lower number, someone that you're going to be able to connect with on a deeper level. So the easiest way to do this is to take a look at yourself and your business. Now I appreciate you are not your customer. You know things that they don't know, you have experiences that they don't have. However, most people, when it comes to business, they're solving a problem that they had at some point. They're solving something that they know about, that they care about, that they want to share and help other people. So you probably understand a little bit about your situation and what they're going through, and, therefore, you're more likely to attract people similar to you. It's another kind of same reason that if you are a personal brand or a coach or consultant or someone like that, you tend to attract people, give or take 10 years around your age. So if you're 30, you'll attract like 20 to 40. If you're 40, you'll attract 30 to 50, whatever it is. There's like this 20-year sliding scale, 10 years on each side that tends to work, that can balloon out a little bit here and there. But on average, you'll find most of your people fall in that range. Again, it's just because you relate to them better. You know the words that they use, you grew up in the similar time, you have the same references, all of that stuff. But the point is you want to go deep here and you wanna make better connections with fewer people than these superficial surface level connections with a ton of people. The big reason here is because when you go broad, when you go after everybody, you're forced to naturally water down your message. It becomes more vanilla, it becomes more bland. And it has to, because if you are being specific about someone's unique pains and unique problems, well, it wouldn't be appealing or interesting to, like, everybody else. So, therefore, you have to make it broad. And when you're broad, you're boring and everybody just ignores you. And you sound like 99% of the other businesses and marketers out there saying the same things, like we offer higher quality and we offer better service and all of that stuff that everybody's heard a million times before and they're completely blind and deaf to. So the best way to solve this is to move on to our next point here, which is that you need an ICA. ICA is marketing talk for ideal customer avatar. I'm not completely strict on this exact fictional representation of your ideal customer. And you've got to give them a name and a hair color, and they've got to wear this kind of shoes and listen to this kind of music. I don't think that's necessary. It's helpful at times, what I think is more important is that you get really clear around the commonalities, the common characteristics that your top customers, your top clients, your top audience members have in common. And we typically divide this into three different categories. The first of which being demographic. So what's their age, their gender, their income, their occupation, their title, all of those stereotypical marketing things that we associate. Number two, what are their geographic details? What city, state, province, country, where do they live? Number three, they're psychographic details. This is all of the head stuff. And this is where the bulk of your ICA should really be formed. So what are their values, their attitudes, their interests, their beliefs, their organizations, their political affiliations, their lifestyles, things that make them them. After all, we often want to group people into these broad buckets, like men or women or this age or that age. But the reality is depending on what product or service you sell, you may have a wide range of that. And it may be more problem based. On the other hand, you may also have multiple different ICAs, ideal customer avatars. That's cool too. I'm all right if you've got like, look, we work well with women who are 20 to 25 and we also work well with men who are 40 to 45, but those two different ICAs are gonna have different pains and problems and fears and frustrations. We'll talk about that in just a second. So you can serve them both, but you need to serve them both with different messages. You simply can't appeal to them by using the same generic, broad, bland terminology 'cause you're just gonna turn the other one off by talking about things that are completely irrelevant to them. So you have an ICA, but make sure that it's specific and you can have multiple. And on that note, the way to dive into that is with the psychographic details of their values and attitudes and interests and beliefs. And I call that their miracles and miseries. So let me find my pen, and let's talk about that now. All right, so when it comes to creating your ideal customer avatar, when it comes to thinking about your audience, your clients, your customers, the money is, the value, the real results that you're going to get from your marketing come down to identifying their Now there's this great expression that I love that says customers don't buy when they understand, they buy when they feel understood. The way to make them feel understood is with this. So their miracles that's over here, that's all the things that they want, their needs, their desires, their dreams, all of the things that they wish would happen, the desired end state of where they're trying to get. And then of course, over here, you've got their miseries. These are their fears, their problems, their pains, their frustrations, all of the things that they're trying to get away from, at least in regards to your business and to your offer. You need to identify what these are and ideally drill down into which the most important and the most painful ones are. And then what the most desirable end states are, because then you're going to be able to position your business as the bridge that takes them from miracle, oh, here we go. Memo to self: I gotta buy some smaller tip markers, but that's it. This is your business right there. Your business's job, your offer, your product, your service, whatever it is that you sell, it's only mission is to move them away from their current state that they're in right now, that they don't want to be in, whatever that pain is, and towards the desired end state. And the better that you're able to communicate that, which is essentially the job of marketing, it's to communicate the value of what you have to them in regards to your offer, your product, your service. The better you're able to do that, the more likely you are to get somebody to take action and to actually buy from you and move them here. And this is where the conversions happen. It's right here. It's moving them away from miseries and towards miracles. And on that note, let's hit the next point here, which is a very cliched thing to say, but I wanna break it down a little bit more. There's this super cliched saying in marketing that says you want to sell the benefits, not the features or sell the sizzle, not the steak. The problem is, is that like most cliches, there's that element of truth to it that's absolutely the fact here, is like when it comes to marketing and to representing what it is that you're selling and what you're trying to promote, it's not about the features, it's about what those features are going to deliver through the benefits. That's what they're after. They don't care about features. They care about how those features are going to positively impact them. So yes, we can make a cursory mention of the features. We gotta highlight them. We'll talk about them. And we'll talk about kind of the flip side of that in just a second, but the real value is in the benefit. Now, one of my favorite examples and it kind of stems from like, "Hey, sell me this pen." Well, it comes down to, this pen doesn't actually have a pen cap, but we're gonna use that analogy anyway. It's sort of like, well, why does the pen have a pen cap or fictional pen cap? And the reason that this pen has a pen cap and the benefits it provides, that's what we wanna highlight. So the feature is a pen cap. The benefits is, well, it prevents you from getting ink all over yourself. And then of course we could elaborate on that. We could explain it a little further and so on. A bit of a side note, do you know why pen caps have like those tiny little holes? I dunno if you've got a pen around, you can find one, but like they've got those little holes on the pen lid, it's actually so if you swallow it, you don't choke to death. Random, hey. Anyway, the reason that benefits work significantly better than features, is because benefits are emotionally driven, and emotion is far more powerful driver than logic. It doesn't mean we can't have logic. It doesn't mean we shouldn't use logic. We absolutely should, but emotion is the money maker. That's what compels somebody to take action. When they feel it, like, deep down in their core, this is going to make my life better. This is going to help me achieve the goals that I want. This is going to increase my status. This is going to make me healthier or happier or wealthier or any of those intrinsic drivers that we have as humans, when we're able to properly communicate that, that's when conversions happen. That's when sales happen. Now here's the kicker. When you're first creating your marketing, whether it's through an ad or a sales page or a social media post or an email or anything like that, we always wanna highlight the benefits. And then of course, we're gonna talk about the features. But if for some reason, people don't convert, we flip it. And then the next time, we lead with features and we back up the benefits. And the reason that we do this is because we know that emotion is a significantly more powerful driver than logic, but logic still has a part. Not to mention, it's not that some people are, or it's not just that some people are more emotional than logical. We all know those people that fall on one end of the spectrum or another, but it's also that we, as people, we have days where we're more emotional or more logical. And within those days, we have hours where we're more emotional and more logical and there's situations and circumstances that you can't always control for, which is why we really want to cover our bases. We wanna, of course, lead with emotion, 'cause it's the most powerful driver, but we want to back it up with logic. The next time somebody interacts with us, if we tried emotion and it didn't work, we'll lead with logic and we'll back it up with emotion, and we'll kind of go back and forth. We'll sprinkle in social proof. We'll sprinkle in other forms of testimonials, we'll sprinkle in guarantees and risk reversals. We'll use all of the tools in our toolbox as marketers to get somebody to take action, knowing full well that we don't have control over where they're at right now in their current situation. And it's funny, I didn't actually plan this, but this actually kind of leads us full circle back to that beginning statement of minimum effective dose of you're simply probably not doing enough if you're not getting the results that you want. I mean, you can see here, when we look over the rule of seven and the mere exposure effect, we need to go deep. We need to have ICAs, talk about their miracles and miseries. We need to highlight benefits. And if that doesn't work, we go for the logical element. And then we go back to benefits. All of this is going to take time. It's gonna take energy, and it's gonna take investment in your marketing, which is why if you're at this stage right now where it's just not delivering the results that you want, you need to do more. Now of course, I'm not gonna leave you hanging with just that, which is why I'm gonna link up a video right here that's gonna show you a digital marketing strategy that's going to help. So make sure to check it out now, and we'll see you in the next video. Now the worst offense here is not having a marketing funnel or more accurately not thinking about your marketing funnel and instead, just hoping and wishing.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Adamerhartvideo [36 likes]: 🐙 Want my FREE step-by-step course?Just tap ‘LIKE’ 👍 and drop a quick comment below and I’ll send it your way. No catch, just pure value.
(And if you know someone who needs this, feel free to share it. They’ll think you’re a genius 😎)
  2. @BeingLoveth [1 likes]: As a beginner I understand things require time. I am starting to learn how to go live online to boost my confidence.
  3. @FrankieSnyder-w3u: Good time of day, how much time does it take to get a result?
  4. @outlaw1law2guns16: 3 year old vod talking about this year? Your an idiot...
  5. @leadnicely: Consistency is key 100%
  6. @DominiqueHarris-t9k: Can you answer, is there any formula that would calculate ineffective keywords?
  7. @JuliaFlatcher-v6v: Hello, can you tell me more effective ways to promote, not expensive?
  8. @IronBargeman-e2z: Interesting stuff, but my question is, can an account be blocked for any settings or lack thereof? I don't know what to do with the account anymore
  9. @RosamundGill: Can you tell me where to look for customer preferences? What are they buying now?
  10. @CamiJulissa: Helpful and informative 👍
  11. @Kinhdoanhlàmgiàu-v3v: thank for this valuable information
  12. @ORIXEMPIRE-y5r: Hi
  13. @TiberiaMihailescu: nice
  14. @AnttiLehtovaara: Perfect
  15. @BarbaraWard-n6y: Focus on understanding your customer's feelings about their problem, not just the problem itself, to truly connect with them. Consistency and delivering genuine value are the bedrock of any successful 2024 marketing strategy. Thanks for the actionable insights!
  16. @eirisgoy90: I really want ro watch your video, you did a great job. But my friend you talk too much. I had to stop your video and watch it another time.
  17. @skyperfai: Why this back ground music make me crazy can’t focus with your continent is it restaurants dinner time 🤦‍♀️
  18. @YNOT-eg3pj: This was amazing. I am going to use these tips to engage more students in my college counseling practice.
  19. @jasonthompson2121: Silver PRS and a Mesa goes hard
  20. @Jurissic: Hey! 3 emails a week is way too much

- How to Make Effective Facebook Ads that Drive Sales (2026 Guide): Kind: captions Language: en In today's video, I'm going to teach you how to make effective Facebook ads that drive sales. Running Facebook ads isn't just about getting clicks. It's about guiding the right people from attention to trust to purchase. Here's how to build ads that convert. Begin with a clear offer. Know exactly what you're selling. Be upfront about the price or value and spotlight the main benefit. Keep it short and specific. For example, get 50% off premium skin care today with free shipping for a limited time. Your offer should be the hero. Everything else supports it. Next, target the right audience. Set location, age, and gender carefully. Then, layer interests that align with your product. If you have data, use custom audiences. And when you're ready to scale, build lookalike audiences from your best customers. The tighter the targeting, the better your odds of making sales. Use highquality creatives. Choose clear images or short videos. Show the product in use and highlight results or a transformation. Add subtitles to videos so your message lands even with the sound off. People buy what they understand and trust. Write persuasive ad copy that speaks to the customer's problem. A simple structure works. Call out the problem, present your solution, and end with a clear call to action. For instance, struggling with dry skin? Our dermatologist approved formula delivers visible results in 7 days. Order now and feel the difference. Choose the right campaign objective. Pick sales for conversions and leads for high ticket offers. Avoid traffic for direct sales campaigns. Facebook optimizes delivery based on your objective. So set it to match your goal. Leverage social proof by using existing posts. Publish the ad as a regular page post first. Let it collect likes and comments. Then select use existing post in ads manager. Those interactions build trust and lift conversion rates. Set a smart budget. Start with $5 to $10 per day per ad set. Test for three to five days and scale only the winners. For example, $10 per day for five days equals a $50 testing budget. Retarget interested users. Bring back video viewers, website visitors, and add to cart users. These warm audiences typically deliver the highest return. Finally, track and optimize. Monitor cost per purchase and click-through rate. Pause low performers and keep improving your creatives and copy. Remember, most ads fail because of weak offers, poor targeting, or lackluster creatives, not the platform. Start with a strong offer, reach the right people. Pair compelling visuals with clear copy, optimize using real data, and scale only what works. Do this consistently and your Facebook ads can reliably drive sales and grow your

- Hệ Thống Quảng Cáo Facebook Ads Hiệu Quả 2026: Kind: captions Language: en Okay. Hello everyone. Welcome back to my channel, guys . So, in today's video, I'll be sharing with you guys how we'll be doing ads on the Facebook platform this new year, 2026. Is that okay ? First, you can see it in the upper part, this circle, this big circle. That 's the market Facebook currently has. And that square box here that says " fanpage" is our page . So when we start, we run ads, right? We're running ads here. So here I'll take an umbrella. Oh, here. There. So what are we going to do here? Are you riding an Ex motorcycle? When we run an ad campaign, we're targeting this overall Facebook market. After targeting this overall Facebook market, we'll have data, we'll have customer data. So, customer data will be transferred here. It 'll be moved here, guys. This is the customer data that will be transferred here. And nowadays, this is crucial for running effective Facebook ads. The important thing is that we must have a reliable data source. You can imagine that you need a reliable source of data. Once this standardized data source is available, it will then proceed to the level below it. That's the machine that Facebook uses. Or generally referred to as AI. Okay kids. Facebook's AI, Facebook's AI will aggregate data, analyze data, and then transmit it back. What is the purpose of transmitting it back here? So that it can deliver to the right target audience. So this is Facebook's new algorithm . So, what do you guys think? It's no longer a target, you guys need to remember that. It's no longer a target. There is still a target here. But the target here is entirely handled by AI. And you need to understand that AI currently possesses a massive amount of data and has the ability to analyze, think, and reason like an average person in their field. In any field, anyone can reach an average or above-average level. Do you understand ? For example, a professional advertiser works at a fairly good or even intermediate level, which is far superior to what we beginners do. They are constantly updated with new algorithms to accurately identify target customers, helping us to advertise effectively. So how do we get this data to be transferred to the correct Facebook E2 system so that it can learn from the users correctly? So here, I'm going to share with you that you need another intermediary. A middleman. What is an intermediary here ? That's what I'm using here, it's the channel, guys. That's the channel . What is it that I'm using? Canal management Ban cách or ban cách is just a software program, but in reality, what is it used for? To be able to consolidate data and provide customer service, all information should be directed here. And actually, it's this bank that connects the data here for us. It connects the data here for us. So we can't connect directly to Facebook and have to rely on the channel banner instead Here's the data, and this is how you draw it. So, thanks to the connection, can the entire connection process be done directly on Facebook ? Yes, but we have to do it manually, we have to do it with rice, by hand. And then you can make it automatic for us. So we just need to simply connect our fanpage to Bank and then push the data from Banking to us. So, what do you need to do this ? You need a Business Manager (BM). A Business Manager (BM) is needed. You need a Business Manager (BM), an advertising account on the BM, and a fan page. That's the fanpage in BM. So, advertising should be a necessity for us in 2026, right? For effective and optimized results, it's essential to use a business advertising account and connect it with a data link provider between Facebook and your advertising account to help optimize your ads. Currently, the easiest tool, or the most user-friendly one—imagine it's something you just press a few buttons to get started, without any complicated connections—is the Ban Cách method. So here's a diagram, a model to help you visualize how we can run Facebook ads in the new year. It's still the same; you guys are still using it to run ads. You can run SMS ads, you can run conversion ads, you can run any kind of ads. But the crucial question here is, what do you need to do ? Convert this data. Okay, let's convert this data here and feed it to Facebook's AI for chemical analysis. And once Facebook's A2 class learns this, then our ads will be delivered to the right target audience. First, targeting the right audience is crucial; second , stability is key; and third, achieving the desired results requires a learning process. The higher the quality of the audience data, the more effective the advertising will be. And to get a quality data file, this input, this above, this article, this bait above , our message must be genuine. But if our message is about awareness, then the data will be aware. And when the data becomes garbage, AI will learn to be omniscient. And when AI becomes omniscient, our advertisements will become incredibly, incredibly trashy. Are you guys here? Okay. So this is the entire diagram we're going to create. Shall we implement this using an advertising system on the Facebook platform? If you want to learn more about the step-by- step process of setting up a complete system like this, with a diagram like this, you can click the link below. Oh, I have a course called FaceWatch that provides hands-on guidance . In this course, I will show you all these technical steps. This is a technical step, guys. These technical steps are to help you accomplish that task. Okay, then click below for more information. You can register for this course now. Hello and see you in the next video. Bye bye.