- The BEST Facebook Ads Tutorial For Beginners in 2026: Kind: captions Language: en I spent more than 200 million dollars on Facebook ads over the past 12 years working with more than 3,000 clients in just about every industry you could think of. And in this video, I'm going to walk you through the entire process of creating a Facebook ad campaign and an Instagram ad campaign from scratch. [music] So, if you've never created a Facebook ad before, or if you have been on 100% sure that you set up everything correctly, this is the exact video you need because I'm going to show you every single step and setting you need to get right. So, before we dive into the fun stuff and start putting our ad campaign together, we first need to get our account structure just sorted. And what I mean by that is creating a Meta Business Manager account because your Business Manager account is what holds all your Meta ad assets. So, things like your ad account, your Facebook page, your Instagram profile. To do that, you want to come through to this page, which is business.facebook.com. Now, in order to set one of these up, you will need to be logged into your Facebook profile on the browser that you're using. Uh the process is really straightforward. Unfortunately, I can't demonstrate it because we already have tons of accounts. But, if you just come through to this page, make sure you're logged into your Facebook profile, go through the process. Meta's just going to ask for a few simple bits of information about your business. Just very simple, very straightforward to go through. Once you've done that, you'll be taken through to your Meta Business Suite. And this is what it looks like, although yours might look different if you haven't got, you know, the things like your Facebook page and your Instagram profile added as I have here. The Meta Business Suite is a really useful tool, something to know about for later on. You've got things like inbox where you can [clears throat] manage comments on your Facebook and Instagram ad. You can respond or delete them, etc. You've got Lead Center where you can manage the leads you generate via instant forms. More about that later on. You've got Creator Marketplace where you can find creators and influencers to help promote your products and services. Lots of useful stuff in here. But, what we want to do is go ahead and click on settings cuz we need to finish setting up that structure that I talked about earlier. And it's this settings page where we can add in those Meta ad assets that I referred to earlier. So, make sure we get the your Facebook page in your Business Manager account. Same with Instagram account, etc., etc., right? And by the way, yours might look a little bit different because you're not probably going to have more than 100 people added to your Business Manager account and more than 1,000 ad accounts. We literally have more than 1,000 ad accounts in our Business Manager. Um but, that's absolutely fine. You'll still be able to follow along with the process. So, let's start with the Facebook page. I'm going to go here and go over to pages. And then, I'm going to click on this add down here. So, we've got a few different options, right? We've got add an existing Facebook page. So, if you already have a Facebook page, something you're definitely going to want and need to run ads um on Facebook, right? Then, what you want to do is move that page over into this Business Manager account. You can request access to uh request shared access to a Facebook page. So, if it's linked with another Business Manager account for some reason, maybe you've had an agency working on some stuff for you, but you also want to get it out in here, then you can go with that option. Or, you can just go ahead and create a new Facebook page if you haven't got one and need to do so. I think most of you are going to be adding an existing Facebook page, so let's demonstrate that. So, if I go ahead and click on that, it's very, very simple. You just go ahead and add in the Facebook page name or the URL. So, you just want to go ahead and paste the URL to your Facebook page in here as I've done just there. Once I select this, it's going to say it page is already in your business portfolio, so I can't go through the rest of the process, but it's very straightforward. You just go ahead and click next. Um don't worry about review people, we'll cover that in a minute. And then, you just request approval. So, you're basically sending an approval to whoever the admins are of that Facebook page already. That's probably you. That's probably your Facebook profile. You'll probably get a notification and an email. You can just go ahead and approve, and then that page will be moved into this Business Manager, and you've taken care of that. Okay, so let's go ahead and do Instagram accounts next. Same process. We go ahead and click on add. Oh, a quick warning about adding an Instagram account in here. Only Instagram professional accounts can be added to a business portfolio. If you add a personal account, it will be switched to professional. You want a professional Instagram account for your business anyway if you're going to be running ads and operating as a business, that's fine. So, once you add it in, it'll be switched, no problem. You've got to agree to the terms, and then you go ahead and click on add Instagram account. And then, this process is really straightforward, right? So, you just need to log into your Instagram account. Again, if I try to do this, it's going to say it's already added in there. And then, you just provide access by logging in. You don't even then need to approve um via a notification on the other end. So, really straightforward just to go through that. Let's go ahead and cancel. Okay, next, let's do your ad accounts. We've come into ad accounts, and we go ahead and click on add. Again, we've got a number of different options. So, you can create a new ad account. If you've never run an ad before, you've never boosted a post, um then you probably don't have an ad account. You can go ahead and create one. You just want to go ahead and click on create an ad account, and then enter in the information that Meta asks for. Ad account name, so you can just put your business name in there. Select your right time zone. Select your right currency. Make sure you get these right. If you don't, uh it's very difficult to change them uh later on. So, just make sure, you know, this is defaulted to US dollars, but I mean, you can change it. So, most likely I'm going to want to change that to GBP to pounds. Um but, just go through the process. I'm not going to go through it uh like I've explained for previously. We've already got plenty, plenty of ad accounts. But, go through the process um very straightforward, and then your ad account will be created. If you already have one, like I said, if you've ever boosted a post, you've ever run an ad, you do have an ad account. What you want to do is add an existing ad account. So, you click click on this, and you just add in your ad account ID. You paste that in there. Click confirm. Again, a notification will be sent to whoever currently owns that ad account, and you need to then approve that. Very similar process to the Facebook page. I will show you in a minute once we get into the ad account itself and start creating the campaign where to find find your ad account ID in case you're unfamiliar with that process. So, those are the three that you really need to get added in. You need your Instagram account, your Facebook page, uh and your ad account. There are other stuff you can get looked to add in, WhatsApp accounts and other business assets, data sources, all sorts. But, that's really what you need to get started, and you'll you'll see as we go through this process, I really want to make getting your first Facebook and Instagram ad campaigns up and running as easy as possible. We're not going to mess with all the various advanced settings and features. That complicates the process and becomes a barrier to entry. So, let's keep it simple. We can add complexity later on. The other thing quick thing I want to mention is around people. Um this might not be important for you right now if you're only the one who's going to be managing your Facebook and Instagram ads, the only one involved in that process. But, at some point, you might want other people to be involved. So, let me just quickly show you how this works. If I go ahead and click on invite people, you then just need the email addresses associated with their Facebook profile. You can add that in there and then send them the invite. Again, they'll receive a notification they need to accept it. And then, you can assign access. I won't go through that process cuz I can demonstrate it um elsewhere. And then, once you've got someone added, like I've got here, you can go ahead and click assign asset, and you can say, "Look, I want them to have access, for example, to this Facebook page, and I want them to be able to run ads, or or deal with content, or have full control over absolutely everything." Um so, you can give people different levels of access so they can work on the things they need to be able to work on without having to give them access to everything. So, it's quite a quite a neat solution to be able to do this. You want to do that process with yourself, with your own profile. Make sure you get yourself added and give yourself the various assets um that you've added in here, Facebook page, Instagram account, ad account. Okay. So, hopefully that wasn't too complicated. That's our structure set up. What we now need to do is go ahead and dive in and actually create our ad campaign. So, you can create ad campaigns from within the Meta Business Suite, but I'd recommend you do so from within Ads Manager. So, if you go ahead and click on these three little lines or tools, you will see Ads Manager here. And then, if I click on this, you've got a few different options. I want you to come through to the Campaigns tab. Um if you go through to Account Overview and think, "Hang on, this looks very different to everything Ben demonstrates not just um in this video, but potentially in my other videos," it's cuz I'm basically always in the Campaigns tab within Ads Manager. So, now we get to the really interesting part where we can start creating our Facebook and Instagram ad campaign. Oh, just quickly, I mentioned around grabbing your ad account ID earlier to be able to move a an ad account, an existing ad account into your Business Manager account, and you can just grab that up here. Right at the top. Um you'll see that. So, you can come in and uh and paste that in and get it moved over. So, the first thing to know about Meta ad campaigns, about Facebook and Instagram ad campaigns, is that there are three levels to a campaign. You've got the campaign level, and then within that, you've got ad sets, and then within ad sets, you've got ads. And each one of those stages is responsible for different things um around what people see, but also who sees it, various settings, budgets, etc., etc. We're going to go through all of it. But, that's the first thing to understand that you can have, for example, multiple ad sets within one campaign, multiple ads within one ad set. So, it's very much um that sort of structure. So, we want to start by creating a new campaign. So, make sure you've got Campaigns out of those three selected, and then go ahead and click on this plus green create button. And there are a couple of settings that we need to choose right at the beginning because whatever we select here will impact the options available to us later on as we go through the campaign creation process. Don't worry about collaborative ads, more of an advanced thing. We're going to ignore that. Uh not for today, something I talk about in other videos, and and you can move on to later on if that's something that you want to do. But, two things we do need to talk about are the buying types and the campaign objective. So, we've got two different buying types. We've got auction, and we've got reservation. Auction is just the cost of your Facebook and Instagram ads is going to be determined by simple market forces, demand and supply. More demand, higher cost. Less demand, lower cost. And that's demand from advertisers, by the way. How many advertisers there are, how much they're willing to spend. Uh reservation, you can actually guarantee a certain price, often a lower price. And and the cost of Facebook and Instagram advertising is normally measured in CPMs. So, cost per 1,000 impressions. So, it's cheaper to use reservation, but that's not the option I'd recommend you use, which might sound bizarre. Here's why. In order for Meta to be able to guarantee that lower cost, they are going to put your ads in front of lower quality prospects, or lower quality ad placements. The better quality ad impressions are usually seen through auction, and that's a big deal. So, I'd recommend you go with auction. Let's move on to campaign objective. So, you've got six different options here, and they do different things. And your campaign objective is really, really important because it's going to inform how Meta optimizes your campaign. So, you're basically saying to Meta, "This is what I want." And Meta's really powerful machine learning and AI-based systems are going to optimize your ads, work out who to advertise to, what time of day, how often, all those things to get you more of what you want. That's why it's so important to get your campaign objective set up correctly. So, you've got awareness. Awareness is where Meta will put your ads in front of people that are most likely to remember them. Put your ads in front of as many people as possible. Not an option I typically recommend for beginners or for businesses operating with a relatively small Facebook and Instagram ad budget because it can be quite an easy way in those scenarios to spend a bunch of money and not really see anything back for it. What we see with awareness is it can work really well for larger businesses with big budgets because awareness takes time and it takes a lot of ad impressions across a lot of people over an extended period. Bigger businesses have those budgets, smaller ones and beginners to to Meta ads typically don't. There is an exception and that's if you sell a high-ticket or expertise-based service and you might want to use my omnipresent content strategy which typically does use awareness. I'm not going to cover that in this video. I just wanted to quickly mention it and you'll be able to find a video about my omnipresent content strategy in on my channel. So, if you meet that criteria, maybe go ahead and and check that out. But otherwise, for most of you watching this, I would say leave awareness alone for now. Then we've got traffic. Traffic is designed to optimize for as many link clicks as possible or as many landing pages as possible to get as many people from Facebook and Instagram to your website. Now, a lot of beginner Facebook and Instagram advertisers use traffic. They think, "Great. I'll send a load of traffic to my website. I want as many people as possible. I'll then generate my leads, sales, etc. from those people." It's not typically the best way to go though if you do really want purchases or you do really want leads that can go on to use your services. There are better options that we'll get to in a minute because Meta's optimization system is very literal. So, if you say to Meta, "I want as many link clicks as possible." Meta is very good at finding people that are likely to click. But those people don't necessarily go on to convert. Other campaign objectives and options might be better at, yes, generating a few less clicks to your website, but the people that do arrive are far more likely to go ahead and take the next action. Sometimes we are forced to use the traffic objective if you cannot optimize, you cannot track a purchase on your website or you cannot track who becomes a lead. Let's say for example, you're sending traffic through to a third-party site where you can't track the actions that people take once they get there. Well, then you may be forced to use traffic. Engagement is what it sounds like, a campaign objective is going to optimize for likes, comments, and video views. Basically, just getting people to engage with the ads themselves. There are use cases for engagement, but I'm not going to go into them here. Not something I typically recommend most beginners use. The vast majority of Facebook and Instagram advertising beginners want to use either leads or sales and I'll explain I'll talk about both of those together. Um that's what we really want from Meta ad campaigns, particularly if we're operating with a small budget, particularly if we're getting started because you want to generate those leads, generate those sales in the short run to provide the profitability to be able to reinvest and scale your campaigns and your business and that's the whole point why we're running ads in the first place, right? So, leads and sales are much more direct response marketing and and if you select leads, then Meta will optimize your campaign for people who are likely to go on to become a lead. If you select sales, Meta will do likewise. The decision between which one of these two to use is what does your sales funnel structure look like? If someone comes through directly to your website and makes a purchase, go with sales. Meta can track that. You can set up so Meta can track that quite accurately and then you're good to go. If however, people book in a call with you or they sign up for a free quote or something along those lines, they don't actually check out with you online, then go with leads and you can optimize for that step knowing that obviously they need to convert those people whether it's via phone call or email or whatever it whatever your sales funnel structure looks like, right? And then you've got app promotion. If you've got an app, obviously the option to use. If you don't, don't use it. You can use app promotion not just for getting more people to install your app, but also for trying to sell in-app events, whether it's like an in-app purchase for example as well. For demonstration purposes in this video, I'm going to go ahead and select leads, but what I'm about to talk about very much applies to sales which I think 90 plus percent of you what going through this video should be using either leads or sales. So, very much what we go through from now on is sales-based, but the example campaign that I'm going to use is leads-based. So, we're going to use that for demonstration purposes. If I go ahead and click continue, there are a few more things that we need to set at the campaign level, okay? So, the very first thing at the top is campaign name. You just want to call this something that is going to make sense to you when you're reviewing the campaigns. If you've got the one campaign, it's pretty obvious. Once you've had an ad account running for a few years and you've got lots of different campaigns, you run lots of different offers and promotions, you want to label it up something that that makes sense. I'm just going to leave that as new leads campaign, but I just wanted to to quickly note that, okay? So, in these campaign details, we've already talked about buying type, we've already talked about campaign objective. I'm not going to bother with the show more options. Then we get into budget, okay? So, we've got budget strategy. The default selected here is campaign budget, but we can select ad set budget if we want. And to explain the differences between the two, with campaign budget, the budget is set at the campaign level meaning that if you have multiple ad sets, budget will be distributed to those ad sets according to performance. So, if you've got ad set A that's performing much better than ad set B, ad set A will get more of the budget. However, what you can do instead is select ad set budget and say, "No, no, I want to have manual control over how much each ad set gets from a budget perspective." Then you can go ahead and do that. In this instance, the campaign I'm going to demonstrate is only going to have one campaign and one ad set. And in that scenario, it doesn't make any difference whether you set the budget at the campaign level or the ad set level. So, I'm just going to leave that as a default, but I just wanted to explain the options. If you've got multiple ad sets, then might be something that you want to change. You might be happy just leaving it at campaign budget allowing Meta to allocate budget according to performance because if Meta spends more of our budget on the best performing elements, we get better results, right? Then we've got this budget option down here. The default is daily budget. You can change to lifetime budgets. I prefer daily budgets. With a lifetime budget, you end up with a fixed-length campaign. So, let's say you want to run a campaign for 7 days or 14 days, you can go ahead and select lifetime budget and then Meta is going to spend your money to try and get you as many of your result that you want what you've selected as your objective as possible, and but they're going to do that over that time period. So, your spend might be quite lumpy. You might spend very little at the beginning, quite a lot in the middle, very little at the end or it could be a different combination, whatever Meta thinks will produce the best results. Daily budgets are a lot more flexible and a lot more consistent and if you want to run a campaign longer, you don't want to after the 7-day lifetime campaign have to create a new one and Meta go back through the learning phase and everything like that. We'll talk about more about that later on. Daily budgets allows you to do that. You also have more scalability. You can change the budget with a daily budget campaign more easily without running into issues, okay? So, in terms of what to start with, how much should you spend? I've got some some guidelines around that. What I recommend particularly beginners do is they set a budget that they could afford to lose. So, you you wouldn't be in financial difficulties either you or your business if you ran the ad campaign, you spent this much money on it and it didn't work out because it's a marketing campaign. There are no guarantees. You may well need to try a few different offers in your ads in order to find one that lands. You may need to test a few different ads to find one that lands, right? So, there's no guarantee it's going to work out really well from day one. Obviously, going through this video is really going to help you and increase your your chances of success there, but no guarantees. So, let's be smart about this. But on the other hand, you don't want to spend a budget amount that is so small that you don't care about it at all. You don't want to be one of these things where you set it up and just think, "Ah, whatever. It's going to take a long in the background." You want to be involved and engaged in the process and I find that there's often a sweet spot where you could afford to lose that money and it wouldn't be disastrous, but it would sting a little. That's normally a sweet spot where you're really actively in there, but you've given yourself time to be able to test and experiment and work out what can work right there. So, I'm just going to leave this as the default, but just that that's going to vary massively depending on the business. There's no right amount which is a question I get asked a lot. For some businesses, that's going to be $10 a day. For others, it's going to be $5,000 a day. Like varying sizes of businesses, massively different budgets. What matters and what they can afford to lose very very different, right? Then we've got campaign bid strategy. Now, this is really important. If I go ahead and click on this, you can see this is says how we'll bid in ad auctions. Highest volume is the default. That's exactly what I want to go with here because that will determine how Meta optimizes the campaign. Basically, we set this up as a leads campaign and we want the highest volume of leads as possible, right? There are other options. We could add in a cost per result goal or a bid cap to say, "I'm only willing to pay a certain amount." Not something I'd recommend you mess with as a beginner. So, I'm not going to worry about the more settings or the AB testing. Those are more advanced things you may want to look into later on. I have videos covering them all, but for now we want to make it as simple as possible to get set up and and get started to gain momentum, then you can look to make things more complicated. We do need to talk about special ad categories though. So, special ad categories, if your ads fall into any of these categories, right? They're related to financial products and services, employment, housing, social social issues, election or politics, then you have to select that that's the case. When you do that, it is going to impact some of the options you have later on through the campaign creation process. So, for example, for a lot of these, you're going to have unlimited targeting options and have to rely more on Meta to be able to work out who to put your ads in front of. It's a way of sort of protecting user privacy and things along those lines. Um if you do fall within one of these categories or you think you might fall in one of these categories, definitely select it. If you don't and then you go ahead and run ads anyway, a good chance not only your ads will be rejected, but your whole ad account can get disapproved which can then be quite difficult to overturn or you have to create a new ad account. Not something that you want to deal with. Most of you won't have any of these as a as an option for, you know, that you'll need to select and given what it is you're advertising, but for those that do, make sure you go ahead and select them. I'm not going to there. I'm going to go ahead and click next. Okay, so that's the campaign level done. Now we move on to the ad set level where we've got a bunch of other settings that we need to decide and set things up. So, the first we need to choose here is the conversion location. Where do we want these leads to occur? Where do we want them to take place? We just set this up as a a leads campaign. Again, very similar process for a sales campaign. Now, the default here is website and instant forms. So, website is pretty straightforward. It's I want to generate leads via my website. So, send people from Facebook, from Instagram, to my website where they can then book a call or fill out a contact form. Few different types of leads, obviously, where they can go ahead and become a lead. Instant form is a little bit different. That's where you can click on an ad, say within Facebook or Instagram, instead of going through to your website, you are instead presented with an instant form. A form where people can provide their contact information that then allows you as the business to reach out to them and hopefully progress that lead into a full customer. And with this conversion location selected, you can generate leads either via your website or via instant forms. And Meta will test both, see which performs best, and then allocate budget accordingly. They may also predict for an individual user, is this person more likely to become a lead via website or is this person more likely to become a lead via an instant form? So, different people might see different ads or different conversion locations go through the process. For the purposes of this video though, and and sort of getting started with your Facebook and Instagram ads, keeping things as simple as possible, we talked about that being important, get some results, gain momentum, and then you can look to add in more complicated things. I'm just going to go ahead and select website because having instant forms there as well means you need to create an instant form. That's a whole extra element as part of the the campaign creation process. But, you probably already have a landing page that you can send people to. That may well want to be improved, but like I said, let's let's make it as easy as possible to get started and reduce that barrier to entry. And also, if you are running through this, following along with this tutorial, creating a sales campaign, you're an e-commerce business, for example, well, you're not going to have the instant form option, and you're going to want to be sending people through to your website. So, we can all sort of follow along if I select website. I think that's a good option for a lot of beginners. Now, if you don't have a website and you want to get started quickly and easily generating leads via Facebook and Instagram, then you can just go ahead and select instant forms and just have that as an option and and not need a website. Um but yeah, but I think for most people they will already have one who's watching this video, and that's a a good way to go. But, you can also see there are lots of different ways to generate leads, right? You can generate leads via Messenger, uh via Instagram, via WhatsApp, calls. People can call your business. So, depending on your business, where you are in the world, for example, WhatsApp's a lot more prevalent in certain parts of the world than others, that might be a really good way to go where you can start a chat on WhatsApp and look to generate leads that way. Um you might want to have a play around with this and think about for your market, for your business, what what makes the most sense. And you can always test multiple options. Nothing wrong with that. In fact, I actively encourage that sort of thing as you can often find ways of improving things when you do so. So, once we select our our conversion location, in this case website, that is going to change what options we have down here. The the most important of which being performance goal. So, I talked earlier at the campaign creation stage about how important the campaign objective is in getting that right. You can still mess up a good campaign objective selection with a bad performance goal. Because what the campaign objective selection really does is it determines which options you have later on. The performance goal is how Meta's going to optimize your campaign. So, let me click in here and we can take a look at the options, right? So, the default is maximize number of conversions, but underneath leads goals we also have maximize value of conversions. Now, maximize number of conversions is absolutely fine if you're advertising the one service, and when someone becomes a lead, they look just as valuable as anyone else who becomes a lead. But, if you're advertising multiple services, then it might be that one service, if someone goes on to convert, they're worth $200 to your business. Whereas with another service, if they go on to convert, they're worth $5,000 to your business. There's a massive difference in the value of those two leads depending on what they've said they're interested in. If you go with maximize value of conversions, then Meta is going to not just try and get as many conversions as possible, but optimize and weight it in favor of the more valuable conversions. In other words, you might end up paying more in terms of cost per lead, but that's a trade-off you'd be happy to make if you got more leads for the $5,000 service as opposed to the the $200 service, right? So, this really depends on your business which one you'll go with. If you're just advertising the one service within this campaign, absolutely fine to go with maximize number of conversions. But, if you've got differing services with differing values, definitely go with maximize value of conversions. Now, in order to track that, you're going to need to make sure that you've got all the tracking set up properly. So, you're going to need to have the Meta pixel installed and the values of each lead being sent back to Meta. I've got a video about pixel installation, you're going to need that if you're sending people to your website uh no matter what, you're going to need to have the pixel installed properly. Um and I've also got videos on conversions API, which is something else that's recommended from a tracking standpoint. So, you can check those out um cuz that's an important part of the the setup of a campaign creation process of getting started with Facebook and Instagram ads if you are sending people through to your website. Uh check out those videos, but yeah, that's the difference between those two. If you're running a sales campaign, you have basically the same options, but the wording might be slightly different. And in that scenario, let's say you're a real e-commerce business, I would absolutely recommend you go with the value option, with the option that maximizes return on ad spend or maximizes value. Because you can always track differing values because they go through straight to your website and purchase there and then. And some people will spend a little bit when they check out. Some people will spend a lot when they check out, and it's really important that you get Meta to optimize for the people that are more likely to spend more when they come through to your to your website. So, definitely go The wording might be slightly different in terms of what these are called, but you'll see the same options, right? Between just get me as many sales as possible versus get me the most value overall as possible. So, uh act in favor of the higher value purchases, the higher value checkouts, right? In this instance, I'm just advertising the one service with the leads being equally valuable when they become a lead within this campaign, so I'm going to go with maximize number of conversions, but just wanted to talk through that option. Now, what's really, really important, is what I said a second ago around if you get your performance goal wrong, you can mess up your campaign um even if you've selected the right campaign objective, is do not select one of these other goals. So, don't say maximize number of landing page views or link clicks. If you do that, it's going to run just like a traffic campaign, and you'll get lots of clicks, lots of landing page views, probably not many leads, not many sales. Don't go with daily unique reach. That's going to run just like an awareness campaign uh or maximize number of impressions, very similarly, right? So, you can sort of you can mess things up by selecting one of these other goals. Go with the leads goals or the sales goals, and you should be all good. Uh data set, I already talked about the pixel, but just double-check to make sure that yeah, the pixel's installed. This is an example of ad accounts, we've got example ad accounts pixel. Like I said, I have other videos you can check out on those. And then we need to choose the specific conversion event that we want to optimize for. So, we're saying to Meta, look, get me as many conversions of this conversion as possible. For that, you're going to have the pixel set up properly. But yes, we want as many leads as possible. We could change that to schedule or one of the other options that um that we might want to optimize for as part of our leads campaign. You'll see a similar process for a sales campaign where you can optimize for purchases or you can optimize for add to carts. My preference would be to go for purchases provided you're generating enough purchases for Meta to be able to learn. We know that that process is important. If not, you might need to go for a step that's higher up um the sales funnel, okay? Anyway, moving on. Don't worry about cost per result goal, not something to mess with. Don't worry about value rule sets. We've got a value rule set preview here, but this is very much, you know, cuz I demonstrated this as an example ad account in previous videos. I have videos on value rules if you want to check this out, not something that um beginners need to mess with, neither the show more options or the dynamic creative. We get next down into the budget schedule. Now, we've already talked about the budget being set at the campaign level, and we've talked through the logic of how much you want to spend, and you want to go with daily budgets and all that. Here, we really just have now the power to set a start and end date. You might want to set an end date if it just provides some sort of like mental security that, okay, this campaign's not just going to run indefinitely, and I'm going to forget about it and end up spending far more than I want. You can go and set an end date. We're going to be in our campaigns plenty enough where we just don't need to worry about that. We're managing them all the time and that sort of thing. Again, I'm not going to mess with show more settings here, either. Lots of advanced stuff that we're scooting over, but I think that's helpful when you're getting started. Okay, then we get down into the audience section. And the audience section is all about targeting. And targeting's probably the thing that made, what originally was just Facebook ads, famous. Uh but even as Instagram was added, that's the thing that got marketers and advertisers excited about the platform, is the ability to be able to target. There's been a lot of changes to the targeting process, and we're in a very different place than what we were, say, 5, 6 years ago. Um Meta's targeting is still very powerful, but the setup is different. I'll I'll go through it and explain. So, within this audience section, we have two main categories. We've got controls, and we've got suggested audience. The difference between these two sections is that anything set within the control section is a hard constraint, a hard boundary. So, you can see, for example, the location, which I'll talk about in a second, the default here is United Kingdom. Meta's going to basically follow that instruction, right? We're only going to put ads in front of people in the United Kingdom. Whereas anything added in this suggested audience section is a suggestion. You're basically giving Meta's targeting algorithms an indication of who you think should see your ads, who your ads should be put in front of, but at the end of the day, it's up to Meta to either go with people within that targeting criteria or find other people that it thinks will are likely to get you more of what we talked about up here, which is maximize number of conversions, lead conversions, basically. Who's likely to become a lead might be outside of your targeting criteria, and Meta can go beyond that with the suggested audience section. So, let's run through this. So, the first thing we need to decide is location. This is defaulted to the whole of the United Kingdom because that's where I'm based, but that may or may not be right for your business, right? So, what should we do here from a targeting standpoint? It's very simple. Advertise where your customers are. That might be one country, that That be the whole of the UK, that might be international. So, for example, we could advertise the whole of the UK. We could advertise the whole of the US. So, for example, our major markets as an agency are going to be UK, US, Australia, Canada. I mean, we actually have clients literally in 50 plus countries, um Western Europe, and Singapore, and UAE, and all sorts, right? Um but our major major markets are going to be, you know, UK, US, Canada, etc. So, we could, for example, look to advertise to multiple countries. Or, if you're a local business, you could get a lot more specific. So, let's say, for example, you're a local business based in Bath, which is a place in the UK. Uh so, Bath in Somerset. And if I delete out the United States, we can see in the map where we're targeting. So, we've got Bath plus 25 mi as a default. You might go, "Oh, no, you know, that's too far. People either aren't willing to travel to us, if you're a local business from that sense, or we're not willing to travel that far." Cuz local business could be either way, right? You could be a plumber traveling to customers, or you could be a cafe with people coming to you. Um so, you could go, "No, no, no, no, no, we're going to go with 15 mi around. I think that's more appropriate." Obviously, you can you can decide this. Now, I don't want you to overthink this. I don't want you to think, "Well, I'm a local business, but um I have to advertise nationally because Meta likes nice big audiences like No, no, no, just where your audience are. I also don't want you to artificially constrain the location targeting just because you think that's where the people are who are most likely to be interested in in in your products or services. So, for example, if you sell products nationally in the UK, don't go, "Oh, I'm only going to advertise in London because people in London are wealthier, and they're more likely to buy my products or services." Like, Meta will work that out. And if your uh best prospects are in a certain location, more of your ad spend will be spent there. But you don't want to artificially constrain it because Meta might think might find some people that are in not in that location that are also great prospects, even if the density of those people in those other locations is lower, right? So, basically, where your customers are is good to good to select. One thing to quickly mention about local businesses is you now have this option, which is reach more people likely to respond to your ads and deselect it. So, it says here, "We'll also show ads to people interested in your selected cities and regions in those countries." So, for example, do we want people Do we want to advertise to people that are interested in the city of Bath or not? A lot of local businesses find that they'll generate leads from people that have perhaps traveled to that location, but if you're a roofer, that's not overly helpful because you're not going to be able to serve those people that live halfway across the country. So, a lot of local businesses want to deselect this, even if Meta pops up a warning saying you're likely to see um worse results. 6.7% lower cost per result if you select it. Yeah, but what's the point of having a lower cost per lead if you can't service those leads in this scenario. So, most local businesses want to deselect this. For demonstration purposes, though, I am going to go with uh for the rest of this video, United Kingdom, and just leave it at that, okay? Right, moving on. We've got show more controls. So, in show more controls, we've got a minimum age, so you can select anything from 18 up to 25. This is typically recommended if you're advertising something in a particular location, and there are legal restrictions on who can and can't buy it. For example, in some places, you need to be 21 to buy certain things, right? So, you want to select 21 as your minimum. Otherwise, often best to uh leave it open. It only goes up to 25. This is not like strict age targeting criteria. This is just uh for the purposes that I described. Custom audiences is I'll explain in a second. And then we've also got languages, right? So, it could be that you could only serve people that speak a certain language within a certain location. If you operate within a country with multiple languages, and you think, "Ah, we're only able to serve this uh market," then you can go ahead and add in specific languages, um if that's appropriate for your business. Most of the time, it's not going to be. Go with all languages. I'm going to leave that as the default. Then we get down And that's all you have control over from a hard boundary standpoint. Like, do not go beyond these targeting constraints, so please Meta. Okay, so then we've got the suggestion audience section. So, like I said, these are suggestions. This is designed to give Meta direction, particularly helpful when you've got a new Meta ad account, when Meta doesn't know who's likely to become a lead. They don't know that people interested in cats who are 43 and live in this certain location are most likely to buy your products and services, right? That's an example. Um >> [snorts] >> So, here we can give Meta some direction. So, we The first thing we've got is include these custom audiences. And I said I'd talk about custom audiences a second ago. Custom audiences are warm audiences, people who have interacted with your business before. Lots of different types of custom audiences, people who have visited your website, people on your email list, people who have engaged with your Facebook page or Instagram profile, watched videos of yours, become leads, all sorts. I've got whole tutorials about targeting and setting up custom audiences, and definitely something you want to do later on. For now, don't worry about it. Firstly, you probably don't have much in the way of custom audiences yet if you're just getting started with your advertising. Secondly, they can always be created and added in later on. Okay, then beneath that, we've got age. Now, remember this is a suggestion. So, often you want to say to Meta, "These are my This is the age range of my ideal prospects, my ideal customers." But again, Meta can choose to go outside that if they think there are people that are likely to convert. So, what we typically do here is not get too restrictive, but just think about like your core demographic, your core target market. So, for a business like ours, that's probably going to be something like 30 to 55 in terms of we're looking to reach business owners, and marketing professionals, and marketing managers. Yes, there's going to be some people younger, some people older, of course, but that might be our core. Then you've got genders. If you skew one way or the other heavily, like 90% men, 90% women, then go ahead make a selection. Otherwise, it's fine to leave it all. Remember, Meta's going to work a lot of this out for us in terms of um who's likely to take the action we want to take. And then we've got detailed targeting. So, here we can add in demographics, interest, behaviors. You can browse the various categories and look for this. But often, what I recommend to get started is just entering some obvious options that sound about right for your target audience. So, for example, we might have something like social media marketing. If I add that in as an option, right? So, people interested in social media marketing as some as as a group of people that you might be wanting to target. Uh we could have something like business page admins. So, anyone that's an admin of a of a business page um on Meta, then great. We can go ahead and target those people. Couple of simple options. You can add in none here, you can add in one, you can add in four. There's no right amount. These are all suggestions. This is just giving Meta direction. Don't spend a ton of time on this. It doesn't matter. Seen a lot of people get really hung up on this, and like test too much. That's what we used to do a number of years ago, not what we do anymore. You can click on further limit the reach of your ads, and then get really specific with the targeting, and basically say to Meta, "No, I only want to target these people." Not something I'd recommend for most beginners. It overcomplicates it, and typically, we see better results now by giving Meta direction, and letting Meta's machine learning algorithm work it out, as opposed to us advertisers trying to have too much specific control. Then beneath that, we've got placements. So, placements refers to the locations where your ads can be shown. So, if we click in here, we can have a look, right? So, if we click into more settings, and we've got placement controls, uh included is 24. So, we can see Well, actually, if I go above that, we've got platforms. So, we've got the the five platforms currently, Facebook, Instagram, Audience Network, Messenger, or Threads. They're places where ads can be shown. And we can say, "No, no, I don't want any of my ads to be shown on Threads." Not sure why you'd do that, but you can if you want. Um Audience Network is typically considered the lower-quality placement option. Audience Network's going to refer to things you you you'll have interacted with these before, where you sort of click through on something on Meta, and you come through to like an article or an app or something along those lines. That's going to be Audience Network. So, sometimes advertisers will look to to deselect those. I'll explain that in a second. And then if we click into placements, we can see all the various options, right? So, we can break it down by all the different feeds, and say, "No, I don't want to advertise on feeds, or I only want to advertise on stories and reels, or or etc., etc.," right? So, what would my recommendation be here for setting this up? If you are using a leads campaign or a sales campaign, just leave it as is. Basically, let Meta run ads on all placements because they're only going to put your ads on those placements that Meta thinks are going to get you the result that you've asked for for a lead, for a sale. So, absolutely fine. If, however, you are forced to run a different campaign objective, like traffic, because you cannot track the leads or sales that you generate, then I do think you want to become more specific, and the obvious option is just to get rid of the Audience Network. Because what you don't want is for Meta to put your ads on the placement options that are lower quality, less likely to lead to a conversion, but that's exactly what Meta will do if you're not optimizing for a conversion, because those placements are cheaper. Other advertisers aren't as interested in those, therefore, the cost is lower. Remember, the price is set by simple demand and supply. And um and and yeah. So, you might want to come in and deselect Audience Network if you aren't able to track conversions. Most of you will be. You'll have the pixel set up, and you're all good. Then you can go ahead with just the default, which is uh everywhere, all 24 placement options, and all five platforms. Run AB tests. Great thing to do later on, not something you're going to worry about right now. Um all this stuff here of brand suitability and inventory filters, and all that sort of stuff, it that is beyond the scope of what most beginner advertisers want to get into. You can get really lost in this. It's basically you as an advertiser more control around what your ads are put alongside, the context around them, all those sorts of things. A thing that a lot of big brands care about quite a lot, cuz they really care about their brand image. I personally don't feel like, you know, what your ad is around when a user is seeing your ad in context of other um stuff that they see on Facebook and Instagram is that important. I think it kind of operates as an isolated thing anyway. We're sort of used now to scrolling through reels or stories, and you see very different things, right? Different contexts. They're not necessarily one is associated with the other um straight after it. So, I don't feel like it's a big deal, but bigger brands uh find this sort of stuff quite important, and often mess around with it significantly. Most of the time, it hurts results, but not something you need to worry about as beginners. And that is the ad set taken care of. So, now let's go ahead and jump over to the ad level. Okay, so now it's time for the ad level, the most interesting part, the level that determines what people actually see when they are presented with your Facebook and Instagram ads. First thing at the top here to quickly mention is partnership ads. Love partnership ads, allow you to run ads with creators and influencers to help promote your products and services. These are awesome, not something for beginners. You want to get started with some simpler campaigns first, but definitely look to add this in later on. I have content all about them. Then you've got identity. So, make sure that the Facebook page, Instagram account, and Threads profile that your ads are going to come from on those various platforms are all correct. I see people make errors here. And by the way, those are my accounts. If you want more information on Facebook and Instagram advertising, go ahead and give me a follow on whichever you typically use. Branding's more of an advanced thing, don't need to worry about that. Then we get into ad setup. So, we've got create ad, which is the default. You could also use existing post. So, if you already have a post, say, on your Instagram profile that's done well, and you think, "Oh, I want to run that as an ad." You can go ahead and select existing post, choose it, and go for it. Most of you are going to want to be creating ads, and that's typically what I'd recommend. When you use existing post, some of the functionality is a bit limited because it already exists as a post as opposed to having full flexibility of an ad. And also, in terms of what you put out there as, say, organic posts on on Facebook and Instagram versus what you use as ads, there's normally differences in the content that's used. So, when you use when you're running ads, you're normally going to have a strong call to action and things like that, right? So, typically you're going to be creating ad. So, we're going to go ahead and use manual upload. Advantage plus catalog ads, again, slightly more of an advanced thing, not something I'm going to cover here, but just to know that if you are an e-commerce business and you want to run you have a catalog, you want to run ads using a catalog, this is a great way to go, particularly for retargeting warm audiences, people that have maybe checked out product but haven't yet converted. So, definitely something to look to add in later on. I've got content on that you can find on my channel. But for now, we're going to go with manual upload. Next, choose the format. Do we want a single image or video? That's what I'd go with here. I'm going to use an image. Like I said, I want the campaign creation setup for you guys to be as easy as possible to get started, but you can run carousels. Carousels are like um cards of different So, you've got an image with some like a headline, another image with a headline, another image headline, some pricing information, sometimes extra info. And you've probably seen carousels before. Uh multi-advertiser ads, honestly, we've tested this, and we don't really see any difference whether we have this selected or deselected. So, I'm happy to leave it on. Multi-advertiser ad says, "Your ad can appear with others in the same ad unit to help promote discoverability." Doesn't seem to make much difference either way. So, happy to to leave that on. And then we get onto destination. Now, your destination is where people are going to be sent after they click on your ads. So, because we selected website as the conversion location at the ad set level, we need to enter in a website URL. So, this could be a product page if you're advertising a product, uh could be a specific landing page for a service, could be even maybe the homepage of your website, wherever it is that you want to send people directly. So, I'm going to go ahead and paste a link in here and just quickly explain um what we're going to be using as the example cuz I've got an example campaign I'm going to quickly put together, an example ad I'm going to put together uh to help you understand the process. So, we have a thing called the Meta Ads Mentorship Program, and just quickly explain what that is. Included in it, we've got unlimited one-to-one support. People can ask us any questions they've got about their Meta ads. It's designed to provide them all the support they need to get the best possible results um from Facebook and Instagram ads. We do daily live calls and Q&As with me and my expert team members. We've got exclusive educational material, that sort of thing, right? That That's the offer that we're going to be advertising. By the way, if you are interested in that, there's a link in the um video description. But that's what we're going to be using as the offer, um so just to give you a bit of context around that before we move on. So, I've gone and and entered in the URL to the landing page for people to come through and book a call. And when we run ads for our our Meta Ads Mentorship Program, which we do all the time, um that's exactly where people are sent, straight through to this page where they can go ahead and book a call. Once you enter in the URL, you'll start to see the preview over here, which is really useful. You can't see much yet, but as we add in things like ad creative and ad copy, we'll be able to see what it looks like um for the user that's actually going to see it over here in the preview, which is helpful. So, we have this first option called display link. Um so, you can see here we've got admasters365.com, which is the link that I've added in up here. We could change that using display link if you want to. I don't want to here, just wanted to quickly highlight that it's an option. Then we've got these browser add-ons. The default is none, and that's what I'd recommend you go with for now. I think that some of the stuff gets a little bit too complicated, a little bit too advanced for beginners. Um you can add, for example, a call button to your website, an Instagram direct button on your website. People would be able to message you via Instagram, WhatsApp, etc. Something you might want to mess around with later on. In general, we don't tend to use these because we want people to take a very specific path, as in they come through to a website or a landing page, and they take the one action we're sort of leading them to take as opposed to confusing them with various different actions. But your business might be like, "No, I'd love a phone call. I'm very happy to chat with people via WhatsApp." Then you can go ahead and set those up. Instant experience, again, not something we're going to worry about as part of this tutorial. And the same with Facebook event. If you are advertising a Facebook event, you're going to have to go through that, but the vast majority watching this are not going to fall into that category. Then we get into the ad creative section, right? So, we've got set up creative, and then we can choose between image ad and video ad. Like I said previously, video ads can perform really, really well. Image ads are much simpler for people to to create, and I'd often recommend that advertisers get started there. You can always look to produce uh more sophisticated ad creative, things like video, later on. I've got video tutorials showing you how to do that you can find on my channel, but we're going to start nice and simple, reduce that barrier to entry, and go with image ad. And once you select image ad, the first thing that's going to happen is Meta's going to try and add in these various extensions. So, um we've got some branding information here, stuff that Meta's going to use to try and work out when they produce AI-generated assets. You'll see what that looks like in a second. And they're going to use this information that we add in here. And then we've got site links, right? So, Meta's going to add in extra links to other pages on our website um where people can go directly instead of the main one that we're looking to send people to. So, in our case, site links could be things like sending people through to a case studies page, or to a how it works page, or something like that, right? Um I think for beginners to get started, we want to make this straightforward. Don't worry about adding in any of the branding stuff. We're not going to rely too heavily on the AI-generated assets for now, anyway. And I'd also probably turn off site links. It might be really appropriate for your business. You might think, "No, great. I'm coming maybe from a Google Ads world where you're used to site links." But if you don't have experience with that, it's just it's added complication at this stage, another thing to worry about. And again, I don't really want, when I'm running my ads, people to come through to other pages on my site. I want them to come through to the one place I want to come through, which is our landing page, where they can go in and book a call. So, I'm going to ignore this stuff for now. I'd recommend you do the same to get started with. Okay, and then we get to media. So, a few different places where you can grab the imagery or videos that you're going to use. You can get them from your Instagram account. You can get them from your Facebook page. You can get them from your ad account if you've uploaded previously. Well, we've obviously got a bunch of options here because this is an example ad account, so I upload stuff to be able to to demonstrate. Um but just wanted to highlight that if you've already got stuff, or you can just go ahead and click upload over here and select um any files you've got from your computer and and get those uploaded. Very straightforward. I've actually already uploaded the files that I'm going to use for demonstration purposes. Like I said, we run ads for my Meta Ads Mentorship Program already, so we have image ads that I can literally demonstrate. So, I'm going to go ahead and select this option and click next. And you can see that when you add in your ad creative, Meta's going to show you what it looks like in the three main formats, the three main aspect ratios, right? You've got a square, you've got vertical, and you've got horizontal. Now, horizontal is by far the least important cuz as a proportion of your um ad impressions, horizontal's going to be the fewest by far. Most of your ad impressions are going to be from a square um ad format or a vertical ad format. Square's typically going to be used for things like the feeds, um Facebook, Instagram feeds, lots of feed options. Vertical's going to be things like stories, reels across both platforms. Now, what you can see is that because I've uploaded a square image, it works brilliantly for the square format. But in the vertical and the horizontal, not so great. So, in an ideal world, what you would do is you would either crop, if possible. So, let's say we turn that to 9:16, try and make it That just doesn't work, right? Cuts off all the text. That just It just won't work at all as an ad. So, we can't do that. Ideally, you would either crop and and change the the dimensions, or you would replace it with a different image that is specifically designed and formatted for that aspect ratio, which is exactly what I'm going to do. So, I'm going to click replace there, and we've got a vertical one that's been selected. Go ahead and put back. You see that looks much better in that format, right? You don't need to do this. This is kind of an optional extra. Meta is really smart nowadays, so they would have taken this image and probably made something fairly similar-looking to this using um like image expansion, and they'll fill in the top and bottom for vertical locations, and they'll do something with this to make it look good. But just wanted to highlight that if you have the capacity to spend a little bit more time and effort on the creative, and make sure it looks good in the various placement options, then doing so could be a good way to go. Um right, just to quickly highlight the image as well. So, this is obviously really simple um what we've got here. So, it's a picture of me. Mostly, when we're advertising our mentorship program, it's to warm audiences, people who've already exposed to my business. People are unlikely to sign up for a mentorship program if they don't know who the person is that's going to be mentoring them, right? So, so because of the nature of this offer, it's warm audience specific, so we definitely want a photo of me in there. That's going to help grab attention. Very simple text on the image, "Want me to mentor you?" Very clear what this offer is all about. And then it's kind of small, hopefully you can see it, but we've basically just got three testimonials highlighted, you know, almost an 8x ROI in 3 weeks from someone, made $29,000 with a 7.3x ROI in 30 days, and from 30 euros a day ad spend to a 100K month in sales in just 3 months. So, differing degrees of spend and success, but just a few quick snippets that people can look and be like, "Wow, I'd love a result like that or results like that for my business. So, you could is relatively easy to replicate something like this even if you don't have much in the way of graphic design skills and things like that. Right, anyway, moving on. So, let's go ahead and click next. Now, we get into the text into the ad copy section. So, the first part is primary text. Now, in different placement options, the copy and the text appears in different locations. But, if you think about like a traditional Facebook feed on mobile, you're going to have the primary text above the image. Then, you're going to have the image, then you're going to have the headline underneath it, and then beneath that you're going to have the description and and the call to action button off to the side. Okay, so that's typically how it's going to work. So, let me grab a primary text that I've got that we've used to advertise my Meta Ads Mentorship program. And all the stuff I'm adding in here is stuff that has worked well and it's good to learn from real life examples that have performed well. So, let's do that. Okay, so just pasted in the primary text. Now, if I just quickly read this so that you understand the sort of thing I'd recommend you go with and and what we're looking to do here. So, you've got tired of wasting money on Facebook ads that don't deliver? We'll mentor you daily to explode your revenue. Limited spots available. Apply now and transform your ad game. And then we've got the link. Now, that is a very short, simple piece of ad copy, but it actually ticks a lot of boxes. And that's what I try recommend you try and replicate. We don't want to be writing essays. People just aren't going to bother to read it. But, we're doing a number of things here. So, we're highlighting [snorts] the problem and calling out the target audience with the first sentence. Tired of wasting money on Facebook ads that don't deliver? So, anyone that is suffering from that problem is likely to pay attention to the rest of the ad. Um it also is sort of agitating that problem, re-emphasizing like, ah, you really annoyed that you keep trying and it's just not working. Then, we've got we'll revenue. So, we've got a feature what's involved in this? Oh, it's a daily mentorship, gotcha. To explode your revenue, great. It's exactly what I do. I really want exploded revenue. So, there's a benefit associated. Limited spots available, introducing scarcity. Um apply now and transform your ad game. And there's a call to action. So, you can see in just a couple of sentences we've ticked like a load of boxes, right? We've called out the audience, we've agitated the problem, we have uh described the main feature, the main benefit associated with it, we've introduced scarcity, and we've got a call to action. All in, you know, ticked six different things there, six or seven different things within a very within just a couple of sentences. So, something like that, obviously tailored to your um offer, your business, is likely to do well. Right, then what we've got here is Meta's going to use AI to generate text alternatives, and they're going to do that, you can see here, tailor variations to personas. So, they've come up with three different personas that they think like basically avatars, target customer avatars. We've got ambitious entrepreneurs, digital marketers, and small business owners. So, Meta's like, look, if we think that someone in your target audience is an ambish- an ambitious entrepreneur, we're going to put this primary text in front of them. Now, they may use other options as well. But, um but we can take a look through these and decide which we do and don't want to use, right? So, my recommendation with everything AI generated, copy, imagery, is absolutely use it, but you need to be the filter as the advertiser cuz sometimes it's going to be great, you can just use it. Other times, some of the suggestions are not going to work at all, you can't use them. Sometimes it's going to be a hybrid where you go, well, that's kind of good, but does need a little bit of this changing and that changing to make it work. So, we'll just quickly read this first option. We've got tired of throwing money at Facebook ads that don't deliver. Unlock explosive revenue growth with daily mentorship. Limited spots available. Apply now and transform your ad game. So, I mean, that's very very similar to what we've got already. Like, happy to just include that. Stop wasting ad spend on underperforming Facebook ads. Get daily mentorship to scale revenue and transform your ad game. Limited spots available. Level up your expertise and maximize your ROI with proven strategies. Yeah, all good. So, you might find that there are options that you're like, no, I don't want to use, but you can look to add these in. And if I just scroll back up as well, you will see that primary text we've got here one of five. So, you can have up to five different options. Um absolutely fine just to go with the one if you just want to get started, you can always add other ones in later on. But, a good idea to test multiple options cuz it just increases the chance that A, you'll find an option that works really well, and B, it gives Meta more flexibility. Look, like they said, we might put this ad copy in front of this type of persona and this type of ad copy. So, basically they're working out different people within your target audience and what they are most likely to respond to. Much more of a tailored ad delivery experience, which can help improve performance, okay? Right, then we move on to the headline. And then this is a headline that worked well for us, which is just very simply daily Facebook ads mentorship, right? We can add add headline options again, so you can see it's one of five, so the same principle applies. So, you can have five headlines and I would recommend it. And Meta's going to AI generate some options for you. Just quickly run through this. We've got explode your ad revenue now. Yeah, that's fine. Unlock ad mastery in five minutes daily. That's not really how the mentorship program is designed to work. It's not five minutes daily. We have like live calls, Q&A's that last longer. We have training that lasts longer. You could do five minutes a day, you could do longer. So, I don't like that option. It's not good for our offer. Not going to go through or every single one here, but you can just see the sort of process I'm going through and the logic I'm going through there of deciding what to choose and what not to choose. Daily mentorship for ad success sounds good. I have other videos more detailed on ad copy, by the way, in case you want to to go through these. Right, then we've got description. So, this isn't going to appear on every placement option, but like I said, in the classic sort of mobile Facebook feed, it's going to be just under the headline. So, we might go with something like limited spots available in order to um emphasize the scarcity that and there are limited spots available. We don't have so many coaches and so many slots available on on the live calls and Q&A's and things. So, yeah. Absolutely fine to to put that in there. Yours might be a a scarcity thing or it might be urgency based like we're running a current sale, but that ends at a certain time. There are ways to incentivize that action. And then we've got call to action button here, right? So, what you see here will depend on what type of campaign you're running. So, if you're running a sales campaign, you might see some slightly different options. Although, we can still see things like shop now, for example, in the leads campaign. Learn more is the default. What I'd recommend here is you just go with the option that best describes what it is you want people to do. Like, what's the next step? With a mentorship style offer, something that people aren't necessarily super familiar with, it's not as obvious as other things that people are used to buying all the time, then we might have something different. We might go with contact us or we might go with schedule a call or something like that. But, I think learn more is appropriate next option. In other ti- other businesses services, it might be get quote as the next thing. It might be shop now. Uh lots of different options depending on what it is that you are looking to do. Don't overthink it. Just go with the option that best describes um the next step. Right, then we go with next. Now, what Meta's going to do is they're going to take the image that you that you've added in and they're going to use AI to generate other versions. So, this is a tool that is improving all the time uh and it's very interesting that it's doing so. And and uh by the time you watch this, you might see that the options have improved again substantially. So, if we look at what Meta's looking to do here, they've basically most of these are just changing background colors, for example, or changing the location. So, that room behind me actually looks like one of our one of our office, one of our meeting rooms in our office, um which might be coincidence or they may have found it elsewhere. But, like that's basically the same image as what we've got, but it's a different color scheme. Like, yeah, sure, happy to use that. Uh again, same with that one, although maybe the text isn't as good to read. But, there are options that we actually can't use. So, it's for example, want me to mentor you? And they've sort of AI generated a woman there. Like, it has to be me in these ads, right? In order for this process to work. Want me to mentor you without me in the thing? That's just not going to work. This is mostly advertised to warm audiences. Um that version of me is like, I guess it's kind of me, but not really. Kind of looks a little bit like someone else or, you know, I guess it's we can't use that, right? It has to actually actually be me in there. These options down the bottom obviously wouldn't work. So, you could be the filter. You might find some work really well. What what you see here um will actually depend on what you upload. And for some businesses, you're going to see better options than others. So, if you're uploading a an image, for example, of a product, the AI generated image options can work really well because Meta's going to use different backgrounds or put them into different scenes. Whereas, when you're using people in your ads, particularly if you that needs that person needs to be the same person involved like it is here, less so. But, when I did this video a year ago, it didn't come up with any versions of me at all. So, we just couldn't use this use any of the AI generated images. Now, we can. You can see this is improving um all the time. So, just add in the ones you're happy with. The Meta's basically going to test different variations, see which works best, right? Fairly straightforward. Okay. Let me go ahead and click next and then we've got enhancements. So, these are things that Meta's going to do to try and improve the quality of our ad creative in order for us to get better results or at least test it, right? So, we can see we've got three for review. So, Meta's decided, you know, we don't think that having these on makes a lot of sense. Let's have these um turned off. And then they've put turned on seven that we could also review. So, for example, they they said we don't think it's best to have enhanced media text. So, we'll replace the text in your media, not in the ad copy, in your media with AI generated text. Yeah, I don't want that. We want the message to be clear and consistent. That could go wrong. And then we've got translate text turned off. Yeah, we don't want the text to be translated into other languages because we can only the mentorship program in English. You know, me and my expert team members that that run the program, we speak English and we we operate in English, right? So, so we can't we we want to translate to other languages cuz we can't then fulfill in those other languages. And then Meta have also turned off um enhanced CTA, which I'm actually happy with. Let's have a quick look at the other active enhancements. So, these are things that Meta has turned on and saying, look, we think these are going to help improve performance. So, we've got ad overlays, right? So, they can add um text overlays over the top of the image to highlight certain things, grab things from the landing page or the ad copy. You know, with an image like this, I probably would actually turn that off because look, it's already really text heavy. If it was less text heavy, I'm happy to leave it on cuz the overlays can often improve performance. So, I'm going to turn that off. Then, we've got visual touch-ups, okay? So, we'll automatically crop, expand your chosen media to fit more placements. Well, we've kind of done that to some extent with the three main formats. Normally, I'm happy for that to stay though. Uh Meta's pretty good at making that make sense. Add in add music. They basically turn your image into like a short video, add some music overlay. I'm happy to leave that on. I totally get some businesses aren't. They want to be much more specific of like, "No, I couldn't possibly have that that audio." You can customize this. So, you can leave this on. What have they got for us for now? Just a little like corporate jingle, basically. Like that's fine. I'm happy to do that. You can customize and then say, "No, I want specifically to play this music, not that music." Or you can just go ahead and turn that off. Text improvements. So, any text you provide may appear as primary text and our description. So, you know we wrote that in the various locations. Meta's saying, "We might choose to move this around, right?" So, you know one of those headline options, we might just stick that in the primary text. We might change the description. I'm normally quite happy to leave that on. Sometimes that will mean the ad doesn't make sense depending on how you've constructed your copy, in which case you want to turn that off. In our case, for example, that primary text can't be used as a headline because it's too long. So, that will just won't happen. But again, you can customize that or turn that off depending on what you want to do. I'm normally happy to leave it on cuz if Meta, for example, wanted to switch my description with headline, which is how it would work in reality given the copy we set up, like no biggie. Adapt Here we go. Adapt multi-image format. So, we'll show ads with multiple images as a video or slideshow or a video collection. Now, we haven't got multiple images in there. It's already on. They might use the different variations that we had to try and create something. Again, I'm kind of happy for Meta to play with this and do what it can. If Meta creates anything or adds variations and additions based on the ad creative that we've uploaded that kind of doesn't work and doesn't make sense, well, as soon as they put it in front of users, they won't take action cuz it doesn't make sense. And they'll very quickly learn and stop doing that and test other options. So, I don't think this adds much or really makes any difference to this particular ad. If you were running like a carousel or had an ad campaign with lots of different images, then this could be really quite valuable. So, I'd recommend normally leaving that on. We've got add animation. So, Meta can basically turn this image into something that can move. They can animate text, various elements. Again, happy to leave that on. And then we've got flex media. So, show media you chose for a specific aspect ratio across all placements when it's likely to improve performance. So, you know how we had the square versus the vertical? What Meta's basically saying here is like, "Look, we might go ahead and use the square in the vertical placement or we might go ahead and use the vertical format that you gave us in say the feeds where it will actually take up basically your whole screen as you're scrolling through a feed if we think it performs. Again, quite happy for Meta to work that out. So, this is very much go through, decide the ones you want to use, decide the ones you don't want to use. I would err on the side of trusting Meta with this. Highly incentivized to improve stuff to help us get better performance. But I know a lot of advertisers are nervous about that. They want to turn these off and be like, "No, no, no. Just put the ad as is in front of people." That's, you know, I totally get that. That's fine, too. These typically don't make a huge amount of difference whether you have them on or off either way. Okay. So, now we can start to see the preview come together, right? We've got So, for example, this option here, we This is like a Facebook feed. We've got the text, the primary text. We've got the image. We've got the headline. We can't see the description here. I guess it's not going to play in show on all placements. We've got the learn more call to action button. We've got the image. We've got the other image variations that Meta's come up with. And then we can see, you know, via There's lots of things you can go through in the preview. So, you can see via different locations. So, we've got Facebook feed there. It's taking a second to load. We can have a look at what it would look like on Instagram feed. So, like the primary text is at the top. You just go through the various placement options and just make sure it all makes sense. If you set it up how I have how I have, you'll basically be fine. Got a warning to add product or site links, but no, I'm all good for what that is. And we went through that window. You can adjust it from within here as well. So, if you're like, "Ah, okay. I started with the wrong primary text, but I want to add in some other primary text." You can go ahead and do so and get those added in here. Same's going to apply to headlines. And then we've obviously got this other stuff, description. Optimize text per person, you can leave that as enabled. That was based on the creative enhancements we talked about. And then we've got call to action, learn more, absolute fine. Run AB test to see the results. Not yet. Definitely something to do later down the line once you've got a little bit more experience with your Meta ads, but right now happy to leave that off. And we can also go back in and edit these creative enhancements. So, we ended up with six out of 10 on going through that process. But you can change that should you wish to. Creative testing. So, we can set up different tests between different ads. So, let's say we had one image and we wanted to test that not just like different variations like we've got here, but against totally other images. You can absolutely do that within the one ad unit. Not something I want you to mess with for now. But yeah, just know it's an option. Same's going to apply to languages for the vast majority of you. Just going to go with the the one language. Then we get into tracking. Here basically just want to make sure that you can see the pixel and you need to have like we talked about before. If you're generating leads, generating sales by your website, you need to have the pixel installed. Ideally you would also have the conversions API installed and you would have all that tracking set up. I have other videos that cover that. But here's where you just basically come down and just check that the pixel is actually here and that that's the right pixel. You can check the ID based on what you've set up. I've seen issues go down. And what Meta's basically saying is that Meta's going to track these ads. We can add in other things if that's appropriate for a business like URL parameters to track if you're that way inclined and you do a lot of tracking say via Google Analytics or another another platform and you want to to cross-reference things and really understand your data, you can go ahead and add those in. But I think most beginners that is probably overkill. And then that is our campaign set up. We can go ahead and click publish. Meta's normally going to take a bit of time to review the ad, make sure it complies with advertiser policies. Normally takes about 30 minutes, but particularly with your first ads could take a while more. And then you should start to see your ads being delivered and you can quickly have a look at the data generated. So, if I just close down the campaign, we won't have any here, but you'll be able to see things like your cost per result. You'll be able to see impressions, how many times your ad seen, how many people has it reached. All the various data points. There's lots of other things I've got other videos on analytics and analyzing data and what to look for and how to optimize campaigns and things like that. But that is the process of getting your first or a proper Facebook ad campaign set up if you've already created them, but weren't 100% sure that you set up everything correctly. That is how you do it. Now, I quickly want to touch on campaign structure. So, what I demonstrated here is one campaign, one ad set, one ad, although there are a few variations of things like primary text, headlines, and the images themselves within that ad. And that is absolutely fine to get started with. I've talked about throughout this video keeping it simple, making it straightforward as possible. You can make things really complicated should you wish to later on. But let's keep it simple to start with, easy to understand, easy to set up. As you go on, you're going to want to add other things, probably other campaigns with things like different services, different product ranges, certainly different ads to be able to test different creatives. I've got a video on campaign structure you can find on my channel and you can go through that in in a lot more detail, but fine to get started with this current structure. And then in terms of what to watch next, I recently recorded a video talking about exactly what I would do if I were starting Facebook ads all over again today. And I think that would be a really good thing for you to watch now. Actually, you can check it out here. I go through what you need to focus on, what you don't need to focus on. You now know how to create a Facebook ad campaign from scratch, but there's more to it than that. There's other considerations that I cover in this video here.

- Facebook Ad Campaign Setup To “Force Test” All Creatives (2026): Kind: captions Language: en How does it want to force Meta to test your ad creatives? Have you ever launched a CBO campaign where Meta optimizes the budget on its own? And you're left wondering whether or not the creatives that are not getting a lot of ad spend allocated to them are actually good or not, right? Like why is Meta deciding to not spend on certain creatives and favor others? Does that mean that you're unfavorable creatives are bad? Well, that's what we're about to cover in this video. I'll show you exactly the structure I would use if I want to quote unquote force test certain ad creatives on a meta ad account in 2025 and 2026. So, let's get straight into today's video. Now, if you don't know who I am, my name is Justin Alain and I'm the founder at beta advertising.com where we spend over $20 million on ads on the behalf of hundreds of clients in local business, ecom, info product, name it, across meta ads. So, let's get straight into today's video. Now, that said, I have an ad account opened up in front of me and I want to show you kind of two to three ways in which I run an account. Okay. So, first one and the one that I use the most commonly, I'll show you this one right here is a CBO structure. Okay. So, the way in which I usually structure accounts and this is kind of going to bring up the problem that I think some people usually face and raise a flag on when using a CBO campaign. It's like that. Okay. So, here in a CBO campaign in my case, I usually have one adset for like three creative tests. Okay. Those three creatives, they're usually the same exact ad. So if I show you them right here on the side, you're going to see this is the same woman, same woman, same woman just basically or actually different woman in this one. So we're mainly like changing the hook or changing one variable across those ads. Okay, so one variable, one test across those ads. So that being said, what happens here is given how at the campaign level, we're putting something again called campaign budget. So meaning meta decides which adset to spend most of its money on. Okay. So then what happens here is if I open this at the adset level then you can see if I'm going to put this again this is at maximum look at how like ad spend is skewed. Okay not every adset has gotten as much ad spend as our top performing adset that now remains the only adset that we have live on this campaign. Okay so like all the spend was getting favored to one primary adset in this case. So then the question begs and it's like do those creatives like are they good or are they not good? Right? And this is like less of an extreme example. So I'll show you an even more extreme example right now. So this right here is the same thing. CBO campaign as you can see in the naming convention. If I open it up, you're going to see it right here too. This is like campaign budget. Same thing across those other campaigns. So I'm just going to select like a couple of them right here and go to the adset level. Okay. If I filter by amount spent now, you can see that if I go down, there's and honestly I'm just going to go maximum just so you can see this a little better. Okay. There's like so many adsets that we have that spent, you know, €4, 30, €39, maybe €80. And then the question begs like if our average CPA or cost per result is about likeundred €150, then shouldn't we have waited longer for those adsets to get more spend cuz like they would have realistically not gotten any results at this amount of ad spend. So like what do we do here? Okay. Now the logic when people use a CBO campaign is usually that well I will use Facebook's distribution of ad spend as an indicator of success. So if Facebook is not allocating ad spend to an adset therefore I will like assume that Facebook doesn't think this adset can actually scale and so I'll just kill it. Okay? Like I'm not like I'm going to wait 7 days after launching it and then if it's not getting any ad spend or barely any ad spend I'm just going to kill it. It's like wasting my budget and Facebook doesn't think it's worth scaling. So, that's one mentality. But the point of this video is the other crowd that's like, "Well, Justin, you know, it's like I've spent a lot of money on those creatives." Okay? Like, I may have hired uh, you know, an agency which like charged me say $500 for a very like professionally shot video or a UGC creators on which I spent 200 bucks to make that creative. Like, I don't want it to just not spend. I need to test it. Okay, cool. There's two ways in which you want to do this. Okay. Here's way number one. Way number one looks like that is in a CBO campaign at the adset level. Okay. Although you cannot dictate how much budget is going to get spent on this adset because again this is across the entire campaign. What you can still do is at the adset level you can scroll down. You're going to see something here that says budget and schedule. It's going to say adset spending limits. Can go here. Then it says set a minimum or a maximum spend limit for this adset. You're going to turn this on and then what you're going to be doing right here is you either have use percentage value or use euro value. And so that is where it becomes interesting. Now traditionally and this is percentage value is relatively recent. So, euro value, percentage value, I'll kind of explain both. I mean, here you'll see like dollar value or whatever is the currency of your account. Okay. So, what I would have traditionally said is you can put a daily minimum ad spend on an adset. So, as an example, and this is my general rule of thumb for budgeting on a campaign. So, honestly, you might want to write this down. Now, in terms of how much ad spend should you allocate to a CBO, the bare minimum of ad spend is however since I do one ad concept per adset, I do whatever is my CPA targets the amount of adsets that I have live. So, as an example, if I have three adsets that are active in this campaign and I want to have a CPA target of €100, then my campaign's daily budget must be of at least €300. This is minimum spend. Okay. Now, what happens and what I'm going to show you is mainly for somebody who started to scale a little more when you're scaling up. Okay. You might have your campaign budget here as an example still with three adsets that you have right here. Your campaign budget might be €1,000. You're spending as a campaign budget more than like my rule that I just mentioned right here. So, in other words, like there's a lot of room. There's a lot of like your ceiling is much higher. So, what you can do is at the adset level right here as an example is you can do one of two things. So, as I said, you can go to adset spending limits, put a limit, and what I would do is I would put a euro limit, and I would put a daily minimum. So, I would want to make sure that at the minimum, as an example, my adset gets €100 right here. So, I know that my adset is going to spend at the very least my CPA target daily, which should mean that in reality, it should hopefully get me a conversion every day. Okay. Now, that means that is Meta going to uncontrollably scale ad spend on this ad if it's not really performing well? Probably not. Okay, this just means that at the minimum, it's going to spend this much. So, this is like a mix between an [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and a CBO. You give essentially meta the control over scaling, right? Because I'm not putting any sort of maximum, but I'm giving it like a floor like at least spend that on that creative. Now, I personally usually, just so you know, I don't really use a daily maximum. Okay? I'll let Meta kind of allocate the ceiling as they see fit. Okay, I believe that Meta is usually best when it comes to like deciding which ad to like favor and scale more on. But now you have percentage of value. What is percentage of value? So simply put, essentially it's like when you turn this on, this is actually what percentage of your total CBO's budget do you want to allocate at the absolute minimum or maximum to this adset. So, honestly, I just so you know, I personally don't use this as a daily minimum cuz like usually it's like I don't care if this adset is spending like 10% of my, you know, campaigns budget. Like I don't want it to be percentage based for a minimum. I usually use like euro/doll value for a minimum. But this is where it's become interesting for a maximum spend. Okay? If you don't want to be in a situation like the first ad account that I showed you, and I'm going to show you this again. Meaning you're in an ad account like this where like most of your ad spend is getting favored to like one creative and you're like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like I don't want to have just one winner. Like I don't want Meta to just favor one adset in this entire campaign. I want Meta to be able to like favor many different adsets in this campaign, right? I want creative diversity in this campaign. Then what you can do is going back to and I'll kind of do it right here as an example on this one, but going back in the budgeting right here. So again, you would put here a percentage of value um at the adset level and you' put a maximum percentage of your total campaign budget allocated to one adset. So here could be 10%, 20%, 30%. This is honestly a little more arbitrary as a number. Personally, just so you know, the purpose of this video was more so to show you the dollar value as a minimum, which fixes the main problem of this video, which is forcing spend on a certain test that you want to do, which again, I would fix that. At least one way to do it is by doing a daily minimum spend and still using a CVL. I just nonetheless thought it was interesting to drop into that video that there's now percentage of value, which I would usually use more for a daily maximum rather than a daily minimum in this case. So, I went a little off topic right here, but I thought again it was like nicely placed into this video. Now, the second way for you to actually force spend on certain creatives, I think it goes without saying, it's for you to do an [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Okay? Like at the campaign level right here, instead of doing a CBO, you do an [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] This I have become a lot more loose on. I used to be on the channel and like very pro- CBBO, very anti-ABBO. I was like, "No, no, no. Let Facebook optimize your budget as it sees fit." But you know what? funnily enough, like, and I'll show you right now on my own business's ad account, okay? Literally running ads for like my own agency, I use an ABL, okay? Like I control budget at the adset level, which means here I literally control the budget on like each adset that I have. Why? I have noticed that for a lot of like info products slash like agencies or like high ticket online businesses, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] just seems to perform way better. Um like so as long as you do, you know, broad targeting, automatic placements, um I'd say you're pretty much favoring, you know, what Facebook or or Meta has pushed you to go into, which is like creative being the targeting. But [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] versus CBO, not going to lie, I honestly think I can end this debate in this video and say it doesn't really matter as much. Like genuinely try both. honestly see which ones work best for your account and even which one works best for your personality style, right? Some people are like, "Ah, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] it. I just want the algorithm to handle it." Which is why I've showed you. Well, if that's you, but you're still like, "Nah, I want to test, you know, certain creatives some more." Put a minimum spend, put them in a CBO, and you got the best of both worlds, okay? Which is what I would recommend mostly for most people watching this video. And then if you're like, "No, no, I really want granular control, then you can just go full ABL in this case." So, as long as you use broad targeting and automatic placements, I'd say, you know, you're going to do just fine. So, having said all of that, if you want myself to review your ad account, creatives, offer, funnel, name it, and help you scale one-on-one, check the description below, and join my ad engine one-on-one inner circle today. That being said, if you wanted my team and I to run all of this for you, then you can also check the link below and book in a call with my team at paid advertising.com for us to work with you on a done for you basis at the agency. On that note, I'm going to invite you to check out some more videos on the channel for some more useful marketing tips and I'll see you in the next one. Piss.

- How To Crush Facebook Ads with a Small Budget: Kind: captions Language: en when I first started my Facebook ads agency I ran successful Facebook ad campaigns for clients with tiny budgets literally $100 per month that's about $3 per day and the good news is you absolutely can succeed with Facebook ads with a small budget and in this video I'm going to show you how Okay so let's start by defining what a small Facebook ads budget actually is so I would Define a small Facebook ads budget as anything less than $33,000 per month so about $100 per day or less and a tiny Facebook ads budget is anything less than $600 per month so $20 per day or less now like I've already said you absolutely can succeed with a small Facebook ads budget you can succeed with a tiny Facebook ads budget so that's the good news and actually recommend a lot of businesses start there they start with a small budget because your first Facebook ad campaigns might not perform really well out of the gate they might take a bit of time to work it out that sometimes happens and it's better to start small start with an amount that's not going to put you or your business in any financial difficulties and then once you know your campaigns are profitable you can always scale from there there are however some things I'd recommend you do differently or things you really need to focus on when you're operating with a small Facebook ad budget as opposed to a larger budget and that's what we're going to run through in this video those things that you might need to adjust that you really need to focus on if you want success with a small budget so Point number one is to copy from what works best in your industry already when you have a small budget you don't have a lot of money with which to test you can't go out and test lots of different ad formats and different creative options and different headline options you just you just don't have the money to be able to dedicate to all those different variables to know which works best and which doesn't so the way you massively shortcut that is you take a look at what's already working really well in your industry now you can do that with a free tool called The Meta ads Library you literally Google it pop right up and then you can take a look at any Facebook and Instagram advertisers ads that are currently live and you can see what ads they're running and how long Those ads have been running for so I'd recommend you go and check out a number of competitors find those that are that are running Facebook and Instagram ads take a look at the ads that they're running and then a top tip is to analyze in particular the ones that have been running a long time so if you find an ad that's been live for 3 months or 6 months or longer the chances are that that ad's performing really well otherwise that company would have turned off Those ads so you take a look at those ads that have been live for quite a long time is still currently live you'll be able to see all that information within the meta ads library and then you think okay why are those ads working can we replicate that in our own ads can we create ads with a similar style can we create ads with the same format are they image are they video uh can we use some of the a similar language in our copy you don't want to fully copy Those ads you want to model from them and create your own versions but that can massively shortcut your path to success because you can basically benefit from all the testing that someone else has done potentially with a much larger budget and bring that into your ads and have a much higher percentage of your ads working which is what you need to do with a small budget because like I said you don't have the budget to go out and do a lot of testing and to make this even easier for you HubSpot who I'm partnering with on this video have created a fantastic fantastic free resource that contains 50 High performing Facebook ads there is a link in the video description below where you can download these Facebook ad examples and find great options to model from they've included ads from Nike Hulu VMO and so much more my favorite part is that it's sorted by industry to make it really easy to find what you're looking for I'd strongly recommend you check it out and use it to level up your Facebook ad creative check the link in the description below and thanks to HubSpot for sponsoring today's video Point number two is to reduce the number of variables so firstly I'd recommend that you focus on one off only just try and sell the one product or service I'd recommend that you start by trying to sell what is sold best previously if you don't have data on that you're a brand new business then go with whichever option you think will sell best or at least the option that has the best margins because obviously the better margins the more profitable your Facebook ads are going to be if you do manage to sell um that product or service and that really helps reduce the number of variables and doesn't spread your budget your small budget across too many campaigns too many ad sets too many ads because if you do that you're not going to get enough data enough conversions on any one of those campaigns adssets etc for a you to know whether or not they're performing well and be for meta to be able to optimize properly so really really important to reduce the number of variables and then when you're just advertising that one offer make sure that you don't overload meta with too many variables within that one campaign so not too many adets not too many ads really reduce right down obviously once it's working and then you're looking to scale you can expand you can sell other products sell other services and things like that but do that once you're able to start increasing your budget because your One Core offer your most profitable or your bestselling thing is performing really well number three is to trust matter what do I mean by that it means using Advantage Plus shopping campaigns or using Advantage Plus audience when using manual campaigns giving meta some suggestions around targeting But ultimately allowing mattera to do what it thinks is best in terms of finding the Right audience and and doing all the things that it wants to do from an optimization standpoint when you have a small budget you can't afford to be cute or ever or try and think around the system or risk part of that budget on unusual or out there things something we might do with larger budgets we think this has a low probability of working but if it does work it might work really really well so it's worth dedicating a small po portion of our budget and giving this a go that doesn't work with small budgets you don't have the budget with which to play so just go with the recommendations the guidelines remember meta wants you to get the best ad results possible because they know if you do that you're going to spend more stick around for longer Etc so go with their recommendations for the most part use their systems and try and get all of that on your side now Point number four is that you should be willing to spend more on conversions now a lot of new Facebook advertisers particularly those operating with small budgets they have unrealistic expectations of how profitable and how successful their ad campaign should be so I've spoken to a lot of Facebook advertisers relatively new usually operating with small budgets and I'll ask them what's your target return on adspend like what do you want to hit from a return on adspend number that would make your campaigns work and you'd be happy with that and then they'll often say a 10x so for every dollar they spend on Facebook ads they want $10 worth of sales leads Etc um back that's pretty unrealistic particularly for a relatively new Facebook ad account without a lot of conversion data operating um with a small budget so I think you should be willing to be much more aggressive with what you're happy to spend to get a new customer I would personally recommend being quite aggressive and going all the way up to your break even number that might be a 2 XRS that might be a 2.5 XRS 3x rows obviously a lot lot less than what people typically say when they're operating with small budgets and their beginners and that's a 10x rows now what that allow you to do yes you won't make as much money from each new customer acquired but what that allow you to do is scale and when you're apprting with a small budget it's really important to remember that the results you get aren't forever the point of the campaigns and the ads that you're running right now is to get them successful get them to at least break even and allow you to scale when you do that your campaign are going to generate more conversion data you'll have more budget to then play with meta will be able to optimize your campaigns better you will likely see an improvement in results um you also start building a larger customer base you start building a bigger brand because the more people interact with your business uh the more brand awareness there is the more likely there are to be referrals the more likely to be Word of Mouth the more um repeat business you get because you've got a larger customer base now perhaps you don't want to be quite as aggressive as going all the way to break even um in terms of your your sort of cost per purchase or your cost per lead but would you not be happy with a 4X Rass I think you should be with a small budget I think that's a pretty good outcome and if you can achieve that you can then scale um and like I said you get all those benefits that I've just discussed so in general be braver with your ad spend see a lower Rass number than something like a 10x Ras as a success because what we're doing right now with a small budget is not trying to make a lot of profit is to get us ready to be able to scale and produce better results and build a better more profitable business so Point number four five is no brand awareness I've heard a lot of small business owners over the years say things like oh it's good to spend a bit of money on ads just sort of get your business out there what does that even mean that's so wishy-washy isn't it get your business out there that that's that's nothing tangible that's nothing concrete you're not really measuring any sort of return on investment from that it's just a a throwaway sentence but it absolutely dictates some advertisers Behavior they spend a bit of money on an awareness campaign to sort of get their business out there as a small business with a small budget if you run an awareness campaign and you're aiming for brand awareness that's a really good way to just see no results from your marketing efforts just literally get no return no customers no leads ex I've seen it happen so many times it's what a lot of new advertisers do particularly those operating with a small budget when you're using a small budget you have to go for what you really want which is either going to be leads or sales depending on your business you need to set your campaign up for that you need to um craft your ad copy for that you need to produce creative that is designed to get you that you don't have the budget to mess around with other things brand awareness campaigns are for larger companies typically those that already have an element of brand awareness and they're looking to multiply that to refresh it to keep it going as opposed to build it um from scratch now one exception to that is my omnipresent content strategy which actually does use the awareness campaign objective it can be very effective with small budgets because you're using it with a small targeted audience only works for certain types of business I'll include a link in the video description in case you want to go ahead and check that out for further information so that is an exception but for the vast majority of businesses operating with small budgets they should be going directly for leads directly for sales and not trying to run awareness campaigns guess how much I've spent on Facebook ads in Total 1 million 10 million no the real number is at least $50 million and I'm giving away everything I've learned from spending those $50 million on Facebook ads in one crazy bundle where you'll get 100 plus step-by-step training videos access to an exclusive School Community with more than 700 business owners just like you live calls and live trainings with me and my team first no updates on changes to algorithms and what's working right now plus so much more all for the tiny price of just £97 per month and this bundle is filled with the exact strategies that we use to generate insane results like this and like this and like this so if you want to stop messing around with your Facebook ads and actually have them change your business and your life click the link and I'll see you on the inside okay Point number six is to not mess with your Facebook ad campaigns too frequently now one of the most important parts of Facebook advertising and understanding how it works is the learning phase when you create a new campaign you set it live the ad set will go into the learning phase and that's where meta is running all sorts of experiments to try and get you the best results possible so they're working out who within the target audience should they put the ads in front of uh what time of day should they put ads in front of people how many Impressions do people need on average in order to take the action that you want to take so all these various experiments now during the learning phase your results are quite volatile because all these tests are being run now the learning phase can last varying amounts of times it depends on conversion volume but let's say for example on average it's 48 Hours within your ad account if you are going back into your campaigns and making adjustments and tweaks and things like that every time you do that it resets the learning phase so you restart you go through that process again which means that a lot of I've seen this happen so many different ad accounts a lot of Facebook advertisers are making changes at least once every 48 hours to the point where their campaigns can never properly optimize can never properly get out of the learning phase and they miss out on the better results and the full optimization that they could have had um because they just can't help themselves but tinker and make these changes and when you're operating with a small budget it's more difficult for your campaigns to get out of the learning phase anyway because what meta really needs to learn to optimize is conversions and I often get the questions one of the most common questions I get asked is once I create a new Facebook ad and set it live how long should I leave leave that before knowing it it whether it works or not and there is no set time and the reason why is because it depends on conversion volume so let's say for example you're running a campaign in ad account that gets 2,000 purchases a day like we have clients that operate with that sort of volume well we can set an ad live and we will know whether or not it's working within a couple of hours it'd be really that quick because you get so many conversions right whereas if you're running a campaign in an ad account that gets five conversions a week it might take you a month to know whether whether or not a new ad is performing well in comparison to say previous benchmarks so it's absolutely based on conversion volume not time when you have a smaller budget you normally generate less conversions than if you have a larger budget and therefore it takes longer to get through the learning phase therefore it's really important for you to just leave things alone let meta do it thing also make sure that you give your ads your campaigns longer to assess whether or not they are actually working because of what I just described it might take a couple of weeks for you to know if this ad is actually producing results the the less you spend the conversions you get the more you need to expand your time frames to assess things okay so Point number seven is to Niche down now when you're operating with a smaller budget instead of trying to advertise to your total target market it's better to to pick a specific section of that market and advertise to them instead otherwise your ads are just going to get lost in the other ads that are sort of generically targeting the whole Market whereas if you pick a small section of your Market you can then tailor your messaging to really speak to those people which makes it much more likely that they will engage much more likely that they will then convert it's actually one of the advantages that smaller businesses with smaller budgets have is they can go more Niche they can be more specific whereas the larger businesses they need uh the larger volume of customers the larger volume of leads they have to stay more broad typically so really lean into that and and take advantage so I'll give you an example so my agency my meta ads agency now we can we're big enough to go broad like we work with all different types of business when it comes to running their Facebook and Instagram ads but if I was to start all over I would pick a very specific Niche to start with for example we could position ourselves as a meta ads agency that specializes in software businesses SAS businesses right we could say this is the only types of business we run ads for we're really specialist at this we're really good at this and then tailor all our marketing and and the messaging for those people specifically so that when those people the people that own SAS businesses or you know marketing managers for SAS businesses they see our advertising they see our marketing and think these guys are perfect for us because they spend specializ in specifically what we do so when you're operating with a smaller budget do that go for a specific subsection of your market and then as you scale and as you grow you can add in other subsections and then eventually uh be large enough to sort of go broad across your your potential total Market but at the beginning that's a real competitive Advantage you can have over some of the big boys is like yeah you know their brand you don't know us but look we specialize in you that's why you should click on our ad that's why you should buy our product that's why you should use our service Point number eight is to jump on new new features and strategies so larger companies with bigger budgets they normally take longer to do things there's lots of decision makers it can be really quite slow trust me as an agency that works we work with all different types of businesses but some of them are very large businesses it can be quite frustrating the speed with which they operate at when you're a smaller business operating with a smaller budget that's another competitive Advantage you can jump on new features you can jump on new strategies and take advantage of stuff that's going to take the bigger players 6 months maybe longer to actually get round to using themselves and with that in mind I'd recommend you check out this video in it I share a new Facebook ad strategy that is brilliant for maximizing leads and sales and if that's what you want which most Facebook advertisers do go ahead and check it out

- How to Get More High Quality Leads from Facebook Ads: Kind: captions Language: en Are you having problems with the lead quality coming from your Facebook ads? You're getting the leads in, they're coming through at a really, really good cost, but they're not turning them to your calls. They're saying they haven't got any idea who you are. They're saying they didn't click the button. If that's the case, in this video, I'm going to show you three simple steps that you can follow and put into any ad you're running, which will get rid of the crap. Let's get into it. So, how do we do this? Well, we need to remove lowquality intent placements, which is essentially two areas. Number one, audience network. We're going to switch it off. And number two is messenger placement. We are also going to switch that off. And in a second, I'm going to show you exactly where you go to switch these off. But before we do that, let's have a look at audience network. So, why is this such a bad place to put your ads? Well, the ads are shown in third-party apps, games, random websites. And why we need to remove it is because it creates accidental clicks, fat finger traffic we like to call it, or low attention environment and no social proof or trust signals. So basically what's happening, you've got people sitting in games or they're sitting in random websites. And when this is the case, they're not there to see ads. They're there because they are playing their games, looking at particular websites they've got interest in. We don't want our ads to be showing out of Facebook into these particular areas because it's just going to get really really low intent. So when you call that lead up and they go, I don't even know what you're talking about. It's because it's come from a low intent area which is audience network. And it's one of the areas in audience network that we've always kind of excluded. But I've just been doing a lot of testing with a lot of our accounts and we're finding that as soon as we switch these areas off, our lead quality is going up and we are having better clients. So that's the first thing I want you to turn off. Second thing I want you to turn off is a messenger placement. Why? Because ads are shown in Messenger. People are in Messenger because they're chatting with their friends. They're not there to see ads. That interruption is just not causing a positive interruption. it's causing a bad interruption. They might be clicking it by accident or they might show a little bit of interest. Oh, that was interesting. Click on it. But then when you come round to calling it or your automation is going through to try and get them interested and bring them back in again, it's just not working. They're not showing up to calls. They're not answering the phone when you or your team are calling them. So, it's interrupted, but it's not expected. And it drives clicks by curiosity and not intent and poor alignment with lead forms and websites. So, it's just noise. We just don't want that kind of intent. And at first, when people start running lead ads, it's all about getting that volume. They want they want leads through as cheap as possible. But it's not very long before our clients suddenly start saying, "Well, we're getting all these leads through that, we just not got the quality." It's between getting lowcost leads or paying more for leads because they're higher quality. And once you've experienced calling leads that just aren't answering the phone or you've got people that aren't showing up to calls after they've booked, you start to get very very annoyed. And then the $5 lead or the £5 lead starts to become more of a £105 lead, but you don't mind because you're getting intent and that means you're closing business and you're doing what you need to do. So let's just jump in and see where these two placements are. So, if you go into your ads set level within your ads manager, you'll see down here platform. So, I just close that up so you can see what it looks like as you first go into it. You'll go through into here. You're going to go all the way down in your ad set. And you're going to go through to placements. Now, when you get to placements, you're going to see platforms. And in platforms, you're going to see Facebook, you're going to see Instagram, and you're going to see its audience network. Now, you can see that I've haven't got Messenger. I'm not allowed Messenger with with what I'm doing, but audience network I've ticked off. So we're only showing in platform on Facebook and Instagram. If you're using threads, then threads will be fine and that will be appearing just here. So you can keep that. But it's messenger and audience network that we want to switch off. The third area is in the ad level and this is where we are looking at multi-advertiser ads. I want you now to switch this one off as well. Now why we need to remove this? It creates comparison behavior. So this particular ad format is showing alongside other ads. When someone's scrolling through their Instagram or Facebook, Facebook is displaying adverts that it thinks you may be interested in. And it could be bags, it could be new trainers, it could be a bike, it could be whatever Facebook thinks you're interested, which we know Facebook's very good at putting good content in front of us that we're interested in. We know that. But we don't want our ads to be sitting next to other people because then they start becoming clicky. And we don't just want clicks. We want someone to actually see our ad in the right environment, like we were saying before, and click it with intent. If it's sitting there with another few things, like a pair of trainers that you've been interested in or some fishing gear or whatever, and then there's an ad for your service, you don't want them to be mixing around with those other pieces of content. So, that's an area I want you to turn off. You go back into our ads and we're going to go through to the ad level. We're going to scroll down and you can see here multi-advertiser ads. Your ad can appear with others in the same ad unit to help promote discoverability. Your ad creative may be resized or cropped. Mine switched off there, which is because that's what we want them switched off, but this will be on for default, and I want you to switch off. So, every time you come into here, switch that off as well. So, those are the three rules that are going to increase the lead quality coming in simply because we are not showing the ads in areas where we are going to get low intent. We want Meta to deliver our ads and our content to the right people at the right time when they are going to have high intent to fill in our forms on our landing pages on our lead forms and actually show up to calls or answer the phone when we call them and that is what's going to build your business. So there are three really simple things you can do right now to increase your lead quality. Go away and go and do

- This Facebook Ads Strategy BLEW UP My Home Service Business (Copy Me): Kind: captions Language: en Most pest control or any service company don't think that Facebook ads work. They boosted posts. They pay for leads that never answered their phone. They spent money that they couldn't tie back to actually getting jobs on the schedule. So what do they do? They shut it off. And he said that Facebook ads just isn't for their service business. But want to know the truth? Facebook ads absolutely [music] work for pest control, lawn care companies, any service company, but only when you understand how to use them strategically. In this video, I'm breaking down exactly how we use Facebook ads, how to drive website traffic, phone calls, and jobs actually put on the schedule without burning through our budget. If you're running a pest control company or any other service business, and you want more predictable demand, then this video is for you. [music] Hey guys, my name is Jonathan. I'm the founder of Pest Budger. I've been in the service industry for 17 years, and over the past 5 years, we've scaled from one location to 17 locations across five states. I use this channel to share what's actually working for me and I wish my mentors would have documented their journey. So I'm documenting mine for you and hopefully this will help you guys grow your service company. As you guys know, I get to travel the country and I speak to hundreds of operators and I see the same thing and almost every time we sit down to go start growing through their ads. Uh they typically have no idea what type of lead they're actually buying or what lead they're supposed to use for their business. Facebook just doesn't hand you customers, but it gives you different types of intent, different strategies and awareness for every stage of your business. And once you understand the difference, everything else clicks. Facebook gives you a bunch of objectives. They give you engagement. They give you awareness, traffic, leads, sales, and app promotion. So, I'm going to give you the top three that we like to work with. The first one is website traffic. Basically, Facebook sends people to your website to learn more about your services. Uh, you guys have to remember that these are very low intent and that's okay because their cost per click or leads are pretty inexpensive. You talk about 20 to 30 cents. But just remember like you're typically not buying book jobs here. You're buying attention. You're getting all the data and for future opportunity. So, website traffic typically works best when you're going into a new market and you're trying to build brand awareness for your territory. uh you're kind of warming people up before they're even ready to buy. Again, you're just getting your name out there. But the biggest mistake that I see when people start running uh these objectives is people expect an immediate ROI from them for these traffic campaigns. And this is not the goal here. Uh website visitors feed your retargeting funnel, which is actually where you guys start to make money later on. But just remember, if your website's super slow or it's confusing, it doesn't have like a clear call to action or a lead form and it doesn't convert, then it doesn't matter how much traffic you get. So, make sure that, you know, I talked about this in a different YouTube video. Just make sure you have a high converting website that they can fill out lead form to contact you. So, that's the first one we like to talk about. Hold up, quick pause. If you're running a pest control company or fertilization weed control company, you're not in our Facebook group, you're choosing the harder path. every operator that's there skipping years of mistakes because people are actually sharing what's working right now. So stop trying to brute force your way through growth alone. Search Pest Control Millionaires on Facebook or click the link below. And now let's get back to it. The next one we like to use is the click to call ads. Basically someone goes into your ad, they click on the click now button or call now button and automatically calls your office. These are obviously very high intent leads cuz no one's going to call your pest control company for fun. Nobody's going to call your lawn care company to chat or to just find out pricing. That's typically what they're not calling for. They have a problem. They want it solved. With these leads, you're going to pay a little bit more for them because it's more higher intent. You're talking $15 to $40. And I've actually seen them high as $100. But once they get that high, I'd recommend shutting them off. But they work really good for rodent infestations, you know, was nest removals. You got termite concerns, e any basically any emergency pest uh situation. I've even work really good for grub damage. And some people when they have, you know, like army worms or really bad lawn disease outbreaks, these will work really, really good. So, this isn't my favorite type of ad to run in the busy season because most companies just don't have enough people in their office, especially just starting out uh to answer these calls. So, if you you're paying for these leads, you don't answer them, you try to come back the next day, it's just not going to work. So, you have to answer these calls within seconds. You have to have a simple competent sales script that I talked about a whole separate YouTube video that came out a few weeks ago. But if you treat uh these calls like your life depends on it and you answer it every single time, these will work very very good for your service company. [music] So the third type and my favorite is a lead form where basically they have a lead form on Facebook that they fill out that captures their name, phone number, email, and then even their service interest. You can put in there uh some questions in there to create some friction all without ever even leaving the platform which obviously Facebook likes. Um, I would say these are a little bit lower intent than calls, but they're still very, very scalable and predictable, which I like. And you're going to pay anywhere from, again, you know, 12 to 30 $40 for uh these leads as well. Uh, these are really, really good for uh, you know, quarterly pest control, anything reoccurring. Uh, mosquito is really good, ongoing fertilization, weed control programs, like I said, any reoccurring service, these are really, really good for. But lead forms reward one thing above anything else and that is speed dele. If you call within the first five minutes, you'll win. But as you wait an hour or the next day, the lead is already dead. And trying to follow up these people is almost impossible. You got to remember that they're on their phone when they fill out the lead form. So the best time to call them is obviously when they're on their phone. So to highlight the big takeaways that we just talked about is you don't have to just pick one. uh website traffic builds awareness and obviously creates your retarget audience. So when you're running ads later on, you can go to retargeting ad. You can pick last 30, 60, 90 days, whatever you pick um and start retargeting all those people to drive them towards your new um call to action to get them to sign up later on. A lot of times people have to see you up to 21 22 times before they ever buy from you. So, the more that you're in their face, whether it's every door direct mail, whether it's postcards, YouTube, Tik Tok, whatever, the more they see you, uh, you're retargeting them on Facebook, the better chance that they are going to buy from you. So, next, let's talk about creative, how to set these Facebook ads up. But first, you guys have to know that Facebook ads are interruption marketing. Uh, there people aren't actively searching for Pest Control or any other service company when they see your ad. They're scrolling through their feed. They're looking at, you know, vacation photos, memes, or whatever else they might be scrolling on Facebook for, but your ad has a job above anything else, and that's to get them to stop scrolling. If you don't grab their attention within the first two to three seconds, nothing else really even matters. Your offer doesn't matter. Your targeting doesn't matter. They're not jumping on Google saying pest control near me or putting in their problem that they're having. They're just aimlessly scrolling, basically wasting time, right? All right. So, here are the creatives that we like to use. Obviously, videos, pictures, before and afters, uh they work really, really well. So, with the video, you have your trucks, you have your technicians, you're out there doing the treatments. Basically, the movement is what stops people from scrolling, stops those thorns from scrolling. So, make sure you just get uh videos of your team spraying for mosquitoes, maybe have a technician taking down a wasp mask, putting down rodent bait boxes, anything like that. Uh before and after pictures work really good, too. So, if you have like ants in the kitchen, you see a trail of ants and then versus a clean kitchen, you have a a brown weed filled lawn and then also in a thick green weed-free lawn on the other side. Uh before and after pictures work really, really good. Obviously, they have to be strong um thumbnail style images. Make sure that just simple, clear, one message on them. Don't make it too wordy and make it short, simple, right? Uh it should also look like content and not look like an ad, right? So, make sure that you're just being very creative about this. It's not about being clear or cute or anything like that. It's just being uh interruptive and immediately get their attention and being immediately relevant. All right. So, now we have the single image, we have our video done. Now, we're going to need more the primary text uh message template and obviously your ad copy. And I'm going to give you the exact framework that I use for everything that I do. And this is very, very critical. But just remember that this doesn't only work for just Facebook. This works for every other platform too. So you have, you know, Facebook ads, Google ads, YouTube ads, every door direct mailers, postcards, door hangers, whatever you guys are doing for marketing. Uh the platform changes, but human psychology doesn't change. But here's the framework that I use for everything. So like I said, number one was the creative gets them to stop their attention. Two is a local call out. Uh this is where you just make it super personable. I could be like, "Hey, OKC homeowners," or, "Hey, Glennwick County," or, "Hey, specific neighborhood HOA homeowners." That way that they know, "Hey, this I live here and I'm a homeowner. This ad must be for me." Just make sure it's local. And you call that specific person out. Step number three is to put in their pain point, right? So, name the problem that they already know they're experiencing. Whether it's ants in the kitchen, mice in the garage, was messy by the back door, or weeds taking over the lawn. You guys are already servicing. you guys probably already have customers in these neighborhoods or in these cities. So, you already know what the issues are. Make sure when you're targeting these cities or neighborhoods that you're running the ad that the customers are already experienced with. So, like I said, one of your customers experienced ants the kitchen or multiple uh customers are experience with weeds in their lawn or specific weed at that time. Make sure you're using that ad to target that specific neighborhood and city. Next is your solution. Explain how you're going to solve that for them. You don't have to be super technical. Don't be super long. Don't need your whole process. Just enough to establish confidence that you'll control their issue. Step number five in the framework is why the customer should care. Answer the real question is why does it matter? Why does it matter? Now, obviously, it's safety for their kids, for their pets, protecting their most valuable asset, which is their home from damage, their shrubs, their bushes, um their lawn, whatever that thing is. Make sure give them a piece of mind. Um this is more emotional than it is technical, right? really really deep into why it dig into why it matters for the customer. All right, so step 5.5 is one of my favorites is make sure you're adding social proof to your ads, which is basically like a fivestar review. Uh, and to make it even better, if you can have a customer that's already in that neighborhood that is dealing with that specific pest. So, if you had mice in the garage and you had someone give you a fivestar review that lived in that same neighborhood that's having mice in the garage and how you solve it for them, that's the best social proof that you can put in your ad that will create a lot of confidence for the other homeowners and other neighborhood or other neighbors in that neighborhood. Step number six is just a clear CTA, which is a call to action. So, you're going to have one ad, one call to action, which is very simple, which is call now. Click the link below uh whatever that thing is, whatever the call to action is, but make sure in your uh copy above that when you write out the copy, one, don't make a copy super long. Two, make sure you have a clear call to action in the copy above. So, if you're writing out the copy to the right, say, "Hey, click the button below or click the button below to call now." Whatever that call to action is, make sure you have it in the copyrightiting as well. That way there's like no confusion and no multiple options, just one clear call to action that they have to do. Step number seven in the framework is a PS or a PSS. And this probably matters more than what you think. This is where your special offer lives where urgency is created or risk is removed. So PS, book this week uh and you get first treatment for 50% off or PS we only service your area until Friday. Or if you have a guarantee, you can put the guarantee in there as well. So, if the weeds come back, we'll come back out there for free, anything like that. But people will typically read the headline, they'll see the creative, and they'll drop right down to the PS. Um, so obviously having a PS or PSS is super important. Make sure you put that in there every single time. So, just remember that there's no perfect ad. The biggest thing you guys have to do is test, test, test, test, test. And this is where I actually see most people go wrong. They put up one ad copy with one creative and then they put it out there. They get it to run. Doesn't do very good and they just shut it off. So you need to test different creatives, different hooks, different offers, different local calls and obviously different call to actions and but use the same framework every single time. Then use multiple variations because uh different markets respond differently, different seasons respond differently, different services respond differently. Um so just make sure you're constantly testing. And the way that Facebook el algorithm works is obviously they want you to spend money on ads that are performing. So when you give it multiple variations, it automatically pushes the budget towards the one that's working. So it'll get engagement, it'll get clicks, it'll get conversions. Your job isn't to outsmart the algorithm. Your job is to give it options, let it optimize on its own. The algorithm picks the winner. then you can shut the other ones off and put more money behind that one and really keep pushing that thing and start scaling your ads forward. Inside of our Pest Control Millionaires program, we actually break down all this in detail. How to build the creative that actually converts, how to write copy that stops people from scrolling, how to structure and test ads without wasting a ton of money, and how to scale winners across all digital and print platforms. If you guys want our exact frameworks, testing structures, and execution playbooks built specifically for pest control, fertilization weed control, or any other service company, make sure to drop a comment below. It says Facebook ads. Hopefully, this video has helped you. Make sure to join our free Facebook group and I'll see you guys in the next

- Meta Ads Creative Testing Mistakes Killing Your ROAS: Kind: captions Language: en All the meta ads groups in the market have the same old advice, I should say that their so called strategy is one campaign, one ad at, multiple ads. But when you use that thing, you notice a problem. I had posted 10 ads. But Meta is spending only on three ads. He is not even looking at the rest of the AIDS. Then you mark it as negative creative that no, this did not work. Meta did not run. Whereas this is a completely wrong approach. The biggest factor is creative testing. Why? Because within Meta Ads, creative is the targeting. And if you can't do creative testing, how will you scale? Isn't it ? Will you generate revenue of only Rs 3-4 lakh throughout your life ? If you want to generate revenue of Rs 20 lakh, 25 lakh or even Rs 50 lakh per month, then for that you need winning creators. Creative testing will be conducted for the winning creators. And if you do it this way, it wo n't happen at all. Because the efforts you are putting into many of your creative works are not being used. And without identifying you feel like this is that creative nonsense. So how to do creative testing? Let me show you through the process step by step. I will explain, show and also create a campaign on how creative testing is done. What happens when you use One Campaign One Adset 10 to 15 Ads ? As I said, ads will be spent on two to three. Let me show you an example. You see, this creative has spent ₹200. This one spent ₹200, this one spent ₹390, this one spent ₹5 almost 5000, this one spent ₹280, this one spent ₹13, it does not mean that the person who spent ₹143, spent ₹286, spent ₹ 9, spent ₹14 or spent ₹27. So this is all creative nonsense. This does not mean that at all. What just happened? Spending is good, if you do not spend well then it will not reach many people. It did not reach most people. So how do you come to the decision whether this creative is bad or good? So this way there will be no creative testing. So how to do creative testing? The first thing you have to keep in mind is this. Before doing creative testing, you actually have to understand what you have to test. What would you test in multiple creatives? You have made a good influencer video. I have done anything by paying money. So you would want to get three or four hooks and test them separately. Ok? So you 'll test hooks. You will do UGC test. You will use product demonstration. Static founder lead, offer angle problem solution, all these things you have to test. Ok? I will tell you the method of testing now but you should also know what to do. So we're going to test all these things. What structure will you follow? So what will we do? One campaign with multiple headsets or I have written 10 headsets for example. You don't have to make 10 headsets. You will have as many headsets as you have ads, meaning you will make a separate headset for each ad. Isn't it? There will be only one ad in one headset and it will be used on [ __ ]. How? Let me show you. A I'm here we create campaigns. Here I come, sales. Ok. Top dress. Alight. What will I do now? I will turn off the Advantage Plus catalog. We will not set the budget here. We will select Adset Budget. All right. Here we come straight to adset. All you have to do is look at the conversions at the adset level. The conversion is fine. Maximum number of conversion purchase events required. Ok. And let us come to the budget now. I come first. Now I come to AIDS. Now you will come to the ad level. The account is selected here. Ok ? Manual upload. Here we will do single image video. I'm going to do a video test. Here I come to manual upload. I will do a creative setup. Video: Let me select the media here. Let me take this one from Let's. Continue to Next. Here I put the primary text. I put this as the primary text. Now it will generate it. Here I also put the headlines that I have generated. Ok? We also put the description here. 100% Pure Cotton This end here I will Shop Now. Shop Now. Ok? Next. Ok done. Again I do n't have to show products and collections here. I will uncheck this. I will take care of this thing. All right. So after this, here in the destination, we enter the URL of our product page or you are landing on the collection. Now we did nothing. We have kept our adset broad and have added one ad. In this we will duplicate it. Ok? Like from Let's I'm testing five ads simultaneously. I made one. Now I will make four duplicates. Ok? These became duplicates. We will name everyone very well. Ok? Joe's name will be Green Trash Shot. Ok? What will you do with this method ? Now we will make the ad name and adset name same because we are not doing any targeting in the adset. Isn't it ? Just what do we have to do now? You just have to make creative changes. You have to change your headline. The primary text needs to be changed. If there is a need , it is needful and your URL. After that you will continue duplicating in this manner. Let me tell you about the budget. What does the budget require you to do? You get 30% off EOB you can keep. You have to at least give enough budget so that orders can come. If your CPP from LETS is ₹600 and you are keeping the budget at ₹700 then there will be a problem. Ok? If your CPP from LETS is ₹300400 then you can keep ₹800, 100000. Ok? What do you have to do ? What can you do? You can take around 30% of the average order value. You have to run each one on APO. Isn't it? So here I take ₹800 from Lets. I will make a duplicate of everyone by putting ₹800 on all adset levels. ₹8,800 for each ad set and one new ad each. Ok? So what did we do here? Created a campaign. Added multiple ads in it, created it, put a budget of 30% of AOV in it, so that you get two or three purchases, you see that the cost should be more than the purchase, it should not be less than that and put one ad in each adset, okay now we have done fair distribution, the data will also be clear, okay from here it will be easy for us to choose the winner, now on what basis will we choose the winner, we will see that each creative is very good, so what will you see, you will see some metrics, which ones will you see first, thumb stop ratio, thumb stop ratio, what is this, it is a big thing, it does not come in that, in the Meta Ads dashboard, so what can you do? 3 second place metrics appear in the Meta Ads dashboard. Divide it by impressions and multiply it by 100 to get your thumb stop ratio. You will see how many percentage views people have seen in 3 second video. You will see CTR, CPM, CPC, CPLV and ATC rate. On whichever creative you have this metric, the CPM is coming low. Sometimes the CPM may be high but the CTR may be very good. So in that case you have to look at the metrics like CPC, CPM and CTR very carefully. CTR is very good. CPC is low. Even if the CPM is a little heavy, there is no problem brother. He is doing well. If you look at the cost landing cage view, you will find these metrics less. CTR will seem high. Isn't it? Your ETC ratio will remain high. So those ad creatives are good for you. You will see and find out that I had posted these six to ten creatives. From this, there are top three creatives that I would scale. Which I will also invest in individuals or CBOs and will be able to scale it on a bigger budget. I hope you enjoyed it. Share it with all the brand owners and marketers. Rest of us keep bringing such crazy videos on meta ads and performance marketing. So, don't forget to subscribe to the channel.

- From brief to 20 ads in 2 hours. Here's how.: Kind: captions Language: en 20 ads, 2 hours, same budget. Better output. Most brands guess. We test 20. Winners scale. Losers burn budget.

- I Spent $20,000 Advertising On YouTube And Now Everyone Hates Me: Kind: captions Language: en What's up, Greg, I hope you're all having a great day! Welcome back to my channel, This, of course, is another episode of Doctor Dan's Crazy Experiment Lab. Because today We're gonna be doing a crazy experiment. So in case you haven't noticed by now, I have a very strong obsession for bad ads on Instagram. Specifically, bad ads for mobile games. So much so, that I now have an entire series of videos where I talk about bad ads on Instagram Why are these game companies making such strange ads? Who is downloading these games based on these strange ads? Quite frankly, none of it makes any sense to me, and it's slowly driving me insane. Take this ad for example: Doesn't make any sense. Not sure how this would make me want to download the game. It mostly just makes me feel dirty. Makes me want to take a shower, not download the game. All of these ads seem like they have one thing in common, and that's that they're like totally lying about what the game is. Like, that spanking bear? Not in the game. So every time I make one of these videos on bad ads or Badads, as I like to call them, I find myself wondering how could these possibly work? But I mean they must, right? They must work - people must download these games! Otherwise all of these like marketing firms would be out of business. I mean when you look at the App Store, most of the games I've talked about in my videos are very popular. So over the course of the next few days, I'm going to be conducting an experiment and doing this very thing myself. "But Danny you don't have a game" "You're not an app developer. What do- what are you gonna advertise?" Well, that's a very stupid question and you should be ashamed for asking it but I will answer. I'm going to be advertising me. And this. My, my youtube channel, I'm gonna be advertising my YouTube channel. I'm gonna be making three ads: two of them are gonna be totally nonsensical, weird, ridiculous ads, like the type you would see for mobile games on Instagram. I'm gonna be using all of the tropes that they use, the weird techniques. And then the other ad is going to be an actual ad for my channel. I'm going to be making an honest attempt at actually making a good ad for my channel that actually represents what I do on my channel. And using YouTube's built-in advertising tools, I'm going to be spending TWENTY THOUSAND DOLLARS (that really hurts to say and think about) Advertising all of these bad boys all across YouTube to see which one of them, if any, work. Obviously $20,000 is a lot of money and there's no way in hell I could do this if it weren't for our sponsor, Experian has been very gracious and offered to sponsor today's video So thank you to Experian - stick around to the end of the video to learn more about Experian and how you can boost your credit score instantly for free. So, which will work better? The insane ads that I make based off the mobile game ads? Or my honest attempt to make a good ad? Will my good ad even be good? Will any of these ads even work at all? I don't know. Actually, I have no idea. There's a good chance none of these ads will work and this will all be a gigantic waste of time and money, but either way, I'm excited to find out. I could have used this money to feed my family or ... take my wife out on a nice vacation, but- Nah I'm gonna do this instead. I think it's worth it. Alright! Well now that I've talked about what this video is going to be all about, let's talk about the ads that I'm gonna make. I've covered a lot of bad Instagram ads on my channel and they're all weird in so many different and unique ways, but I think I've boiled down their main characteristics into just a few bullet points; which I will go over for you here. The first one: Cryptic wording. Seems like pretty much every one of these weird ads has some sort of cryptic wording that leaves you wondering "What the fuck does that mean?" For example, some of these ads say "If you do so-and-so you will be legally skilled" That doesn't mean anything to anybody and yet somehow these ads are getting millions of downloads. I think that this one works so well because it confuses people to the point where the only way that they can possibly make sense out of what's going on is to download the game themselves and figure out what they mean. Disturbing images: This one makes me think of that skinned and gutted Donald Duck. I'm not really sure what the theory is behind this one. It's a little bit strange. I feel like usually including an image of a disgusting duck in your ad would make people not want to download the game because they'd be like "Ugh, are there more pictures of gross ducks in this game?" "Maybe this isn't for me," but I guess some people are drawn to that sort of thing? The spanking bear is a bit of an anomaly cuz it almost seems like a cry for help. While you might want to avoid the bear who's doing the spanking it definitely seems like the bear who's being spanked needs your help; and obviously the only way to help them would be to download the game. Sexualized characters: I think this one's pretty self-explanatory. If your game doesn't have big butt or big boob; no one's gonna want to play your game. Unfortunately, I don't really feel comfortable sexualizing women in any of these ads so I'll probably be sexualizing myself. Okay, next one: Impossible promises This sort of goes along with cryptic wording because they're usually paired together. Impossible promises can be things like "You will be legally skilled," even though that doesn't make any sense or like I talked about that pumpkin one; "You will legally become a pumpkin" To my knowledge, The United States doesn't recognize pumpkins in any legal sense. So the assertion that we can somehow become a legal pumpkin by playing this game is totally impossible and yet the game promises it anyway. And the only way I can explain this one is that some people, must believe these impossible promises? Some people must really believe that if they play a game they'll get to play in the Super Bowl or, heaven forbid, turn into a pumpkin. I don't know why that's alluring to some people. I guess it's like a little bit of escapism, "Oh god, I don't have to worry about my homework or my job anymore If I'm just a pumpkin." "Life would be so much easier if I were only a gourd" And then the last one; There's really no other way to describe it other than just Straight-up nonsense: This is just a general category for all of the shit that didn't fit in these bullet points. There was an ad that I talked about a while ago that, instead of having a caption, it just said a text for header on the thing. Like, they forgot to finish the ad and they uploaded it anyway? And they paid to advertise it all across Instagram, while never putting in a text for the header. Now while I'd like to think that this was an accident, I feel like it was definitely intentional, and so I put it here because I'm going to try to replicate the same chaotic energy. So we've got cryptic wording, disturbing images, sexualized characters, impossible promises, and utter nonsense. So since I'm making two ads, I don't think each one will have all of these things because most ads that I talk about don't have every single one of these things But I'm going to try to, between the two of them, use all of these things. Alright, well! Without further ado, let's get into making these cursed, godforsaken ads. Green-screen! Yep. I'm doing it all in front of a green screen. That'll make it way easier to put whatever I want in the background. So I can have like a medieval castle or you know, Guy Fieri in the background if I wanted to. I don't but if I did, he could be in the background. Okay, so I pretty much know what I'm gonna do for these ads. I went to Party City, I got us some props ... two to be specific. So now all I have to do is film a bunch of shit in front of this green screen and it's gonna look really weird while I'm doing it before it's edited because you know, it won't make any sense, but I promise that once it's edited it will look even worse and make less sense. So for the first ad I'm gonna be spanking myself, so I have to figure out exactly where my butt is gonna be so I know where to hit. *very inappropriate laughter* Yeaaaaahhhh You idiot! Subscribe to the channel. Come ONNNN Was that long enough? Yeah, I didn't really think about how long this is supposed to be. The short ones are like 15 seconds. So I probably need 15 seconds worth... of spanking... God, that's such an uncomfortable amount of time to be pretending to spank the air and screaming at the camera. 😰 Oh, yeah, you like that, huh? 😰 Okay, I'm wearing a different shirt and now it's time to get 15 seconds of me screaming in agony because I'm being spanked. Oh, oh, owie oh geez. Ow that kind of hurts. Oh, hey, can you subscri- See, I don't want to give people nightmares. I feel like that-- That's really gonna freak some people out but I mean- I guess that's how you get people to click on your ads. If I came across this ad I would be very disturbed. I mean I have come across this ad and I was very disturbed, so that makes sense. Okay for the next one I need to be in three different costumes and look three different ways. Kind of like that Hustle Castle ad where there's the girl that evolves each time and becomes a different level of sexy. *alluring 80s makeover montage music* Okay, well that's enough of that! I think we're done recording all of the ads so now it's time to edit them. I just finished editing the ads that I'm going to be putting up and... Uh-oh. I think I made a big mistake. I think I made a pretty big oopsie this time.. While I was putting together the ads I was feeling pretty good about it. But then like when it came time to actually watch them all in their completed form. I just had this moment where I was like- There's no way anybody is going to click on any of these ads I mean, obviously, the two weird ones are pretty out there to begin with. But even the good ad that I tried to make I feel like no one is gonna click on this. I think that I accidentally forgot to make it good. So I guess I should show you these before I actually put them up. Keep in mind- I'm also disappointed. Okay, I'm gonna show you the actual ad first the one where I actually described my channel. Have you been targeted by deeply disturbing ads on Facebook, Instagram, or YouTube? Ever seen a movie that's so bad it's actually good? Well, you're not the only one it happens to me constantly. Please make it stop. On my channel I make jokes about it~ It's goofy. It's funny. But most importantly it's silly. Please subscribe to my channel. Okay, the next ad is taking inspiration from a few different types of ads that I've talked about. Um, so let's watch that ad, [Danny voiceover] You know, you're never gonna make it in this town, right? You stupid, little weasel boy. You ugly, dirty little weasel of a man. You're not a chipmunk, you're not a monkey, you're not an elf, and you're not a chipmunk, alright? You're a weasel, a dirty, little weasel. Whaddya think? Did you like it? Would you click on this ad? You can be honest. So you've got one week subscribed, you're just this average Joe. Two weeks subscribed, you're a little bit thicc an-and you'll notice you also get kind of cool. You got a sunglasses and a backwards hat and then, uh, One month scub-scribed, I've misspelled that on purpose, After one month scub-scribed, you're thicc as all get-out and you're also a wizard now. So if you subscribe to my channel after one month of being scub-scribed, you can be a wizard. Of course the caption is directly inspired by the Hustle Castle ads. "I do everything on my channel" with a little like Mmm-face. I'm hoping that this will really like pique people's curiosity and make them want to click on the ad cuz they're like What does he mean "Everything"??? So while I don't think this will convince anybody to subscribe to my channel at all, I am pretty proud of this one. I like the overall look to it. It's got a lot going on. I feel like every time you watch this ad you'll see- you'll notice something different and, uh, I think people will get a kick out of it. Uh, but ... I don't think anyone's going to click on it. Okay, and then there's this final ad. If ANY of them have a shot at convincing people to subscribe, I think it might be this one just because I feel like this one will give people a very visceral reaction. They'll have no choice but to subscribe, so let's check this one. *Spank-ee Danny whimpers* [Spanker Danny] Hey, yeah, you like that? Oh, you like getting spanked like that? Hey, why don't you subscribe to the channel, huh? (Oh hey, hey please) [Spank-ee Danny] Please subscribe to the channel, quick! [Spanker Danny] Subscribe to the channel otherwise I'm gonna keep spanking this little guy! *Spank-ee Danny continues whimpering* So...that's...that ad Now, I know what you're thinking, "Gosh Danny," "I wish I could subscribe to your channel again because of that ad," and I wish you could too but unfortunately YouTube hasn't implemented a double subscription feature, yet. But if you're not subscribed, the good news is that you can subscribe now. Because you saw that ad. Obviously it's gonna be kind of jarring for people to see this person spanking this other person and then eventually I turn around and you see that I'm spanking myself. I think that will definitely freak people out. And then there's the caption. "If you subscribe to the good boy," which is obviously me, "you are legally pencil sharpener." I think what will really get people to click on this ad, if anything, is how devious the spanker looks and how just sad and totally distraught th-th-the spank-ee is. So now we've got our ads ready to go, I guess the only thing left to do is actually put them up on YouTube and start advertising. Okay so here's what you see when you go to YouTube's, uh, ad platform and start creating a video campaign! How do you want your ad to show up on YouTube? You can have it either play before YouTube videos or place as a thumbnail next to related videos around the YouTube homepage. So I'm gonna want it to play before videos. Oh, yeah, just like that, baby. Look at my big stupid face all up on people's videos. And then the next thing is "After viewers click your ad, where do you want to send them?" That's actually a good question. I haven't thought about that. After giving it a good long think, I decided to have the ads linked to a video. Specifically my first video on Billion Surprise Toys because I feel like it's one of my funniest videos and it exemplifies what I do on my channel pretty well, so if any video has a chance of convincing people to subscribe, it's that one. "What languages do your customers speak?" English, because that's the language I speak. I'm going remove all of these older groups... I think I'm just gonna play it safe and just do 18 to 24. Parental status? Don't really know if this is important, but you know what fuck it. I don't want any parents watching my videos. If you're a parent, UNSUBSCRIBE! Just kidding. You can watch my videos if you have kids, I don't care. "What products do your customers intend to buy?" I don't know what you guys intend to buy. "Danny Gonzalez" Hmmm skateboarding equipment. No, that doesn't have anything to do with my channel. Thank you, YouTube, but no thanks. "Daily Budget" Okay so 20,000 divided by three videos, divided by three days, is $2,222.22 per day, per video. 2, 2, 2, 2 -point- 2, 2 Oh this is interesting. Look at this. Okay. So this is *laughter* tells to me how many views-- Holy shit this is gonna get me! It looks like it's guaranteeing me that I'll get between 500,000 and 1.7 million... views, is that per day? Per video? Damn! Okay, guys This is really starting to become a numbers game. Even though these ads are awful and statistically, no one wants to click on them, if we show them to like a million people each Statistically /somebody's/ gotta want to click on them, right? Okay Things are looking up a little bit. Except things weren't looking up, because I'm actually an idiot and didn't realize that those were estimates for a week's worth of advertising and I would only be advertising each video for about three days. So none of them would get nearly that many views. Alright, baby. Let's create this campaign! Is it gonna let me say how long I want to run this campaign for? Umm *laughter* for some reason there was no-- --no way to say when it should stop cuz I said 2,000 dollars per day, and then create campaign, and YouTube was just like, "Alright, thanks. We will take $2,000 every day... uh- Forever." Is there any way to do that? Is there any way to say "Hey, please stop spending me money" Okay, everything is good to go. We've got three campaigns running here. "Subscribe to Danny Gonzalez", "Subscribe Spanking" and "Subscribe Wizards". So far, we've got zero views, zero impressions, and zero dollars spent. I'm very interested to see a few things; 1) Will people who are already subscribed to me see this ad and know who I am, and be like "What the fuck is wrong with Danny?" 2) Will I be able to see anyone's confused reactions to this ad? I would really like to. And then 3) Is anybody gonna subscribe to my channel after this? There's only one way to find out and that's to wait. So I guess now we just sit back, relax, and we'll check back in later to see how much money I've wasted. Okay, welcome back. Uh, it's been almost two days since that last clip. For some reason it took like a day and a half for all of the ads to get approved and start running, so all of yesterday I was like waiting and waiting for people to start seeing my ads and it just never happened. But I woke up this morning and checked the app and it looks like people are starting to see it. And then I checked Twitter and Yes, people are definitely getting it and I think it's safe to say that ... people are losing their minds. "I'm losing my mind. When did this become a real commercial? Danny Gonzalez, explain this." Yeah, so I apologize to everyone who was seeing these ads, especially the one of me spanking myself. I definitely feel like that ... could give you nightmares. A lot of these responses just seemed like cries-- for help from people who can't get the image of me spanking a clone of myself out of their mind. It's just echoing in the halls of their mind and will be probably for the rest of their lives. I also saw that people were posting about it on my subreddit. I'm getting some very interesting responses here. The weird thing about it is everyone is obviously very confused. But a lot of people seem to be under the impression that I'm not behind this? Comments like, "Bro, why is Danny so thicc?" That's definitely a valid question. I don't have cakes nearly this fat in real life. So these are the interesting comments. "Petition for Danny to see this," as if I-- I'm not the one behind this? Like some other company is using these videos of me to advertise like their app? And then also "Everyone spam Danny with this in every way possible," As if they're trying to get me to see it, thinking that I have no idea that this is happening. I guess it just goes to show how fucking weird of an idea this is. That nobody thinks ... that I, in my right mind, would ever do this, but boy are they wrong. Okay. Now let's check to see if any ad is doing particularly better. Whoa what?? *Laughter* Holy shit. Alright, it actually is pretty interesting. So the one with the least amount of clicks so far is the Wizards one with a 140 clicks. The one above that is just the regular ad where I just tell people to subscribe and what I do on my channel. That one has 160 clicks. And then the one with the most clicks with 195 clicks is the spanking one. Me getting spanked, I guess really drives clicks. A couple first impressions, First off, not a lot of people are clicking on the ads. It's been shown to hundreds of thousands of people and each one is like, maybe a hundred people clicked on it. So...so far ... kind of seeming like a giant waste of money. But then the other interesting thing is that it seems like the normal ad and the spanking ad are kind of neck-and-neck. More people clicked on the spanking one but then more people actually went to my channel to watch a video from the normal one. One thing's for sure though the wizard ad sucks ass. I think we can all agree that no one gives a shit about that ridiculously fat ass wizard. So anyway, that's like the first half day of having the ads up. So I guess let's just wait and see what happens next. [disappointed brass section] They suspended my account. Google ads suspended my account. I woke up this morning with an email from Google saying that my account was suspended due to suspicious payment activity. I don't know what that means. I saw charges coming through all yesterday on my credit card for a Google Ad. So I- it was getting charged. I think that I might have had my billing address wrong and they just realized it. Either that or their automated system realized it was very suspicious that I was spending so much money advertising such weird fucking ads. Either way I've got a little bit of time on my hands now cuz I had to submit an appeal, And they have to decide whether they want to reinstate my account or not. So I really hope that they do so I can finish this video. But in the meantime, I think we should get a little bit somber for a second. Take a little bit of a pause, and have a moment of silence. I realized last night and a little bit this morning that I was actually getting a lot of new people coming to my YouTube account. I was getting lots of comments on my most recent video and the video that I linked in the ads and I was like, "Yes! The ads are working, people are coming to my account!" It even seemed like people might not have been clicking on the ad. But they were instead just searching up my name and going to my most recent video. The only problem is that it seems like everybody who is coming to my channel is only coming to tell me that they hate my ads. "Stop appearing in my ads you fucking pale ape." "Everyone over the age of 12 finds your advertising annoying." "You make yourself look like a dumbass, delete your ads." "I hope you fucking die with your annoying ads all over youtube." "STOP WITH YOUR ADS PLEASE!" "Stop giving me aaaaadddds oh my fucking GoD!" I think some of these people are confused about how ads work. 'Cause some of them just sound like they're annoyed that they're getting ads in general? Like they don't know that if my ads weren't there, they would just get ads for some other company. Or, like, I have the ability to specifically stop targeting one person. Like if I see that comment, I can just be like, "Oh this person doesn't want my ads anymore, okay!" "I'll just click their name and be like, 'stop'." I can't do that, or at least I don't know how and I'm not gonna try. I guess I did underestimate how annoying my ads would be. So I would like to take a brief moment to apologize to everybody that has had to see these ads without any context. I'm sorry if they made you uncomfortable. I'm sorry, if they made you question your existence, uh, and for that we will take a moment of silence. Okay. I have gotten some good comments though. "Came here after I saw one of your ads on a Pewdiepie video. Mad respect." "What the fuck I saw this ad and I was like "I gotta click this. Laughin' my ass off." So I guess one of my ads was so weird that it did make somebody click on it because they were so confused and they wanted to find out what it was all about. I wonder if they were disappointed when they got to my channel and it wasn't just a bunch of videos of me spanking myself or calling you a filthy weasel. Alright, well, I'll check back in if my account ever gets unsuspended. [Southern Danny] It's been ... three days since my account was suspended. Three long days. Y'know, at first I was upset. I was bored. But in the end, I think I needed this time away. I had time to think again. To laugh. To love. To have fun. To feel alive. And I developed a southern accent and at the end of those three long days, I knew I was ready. Ready to get back to work, advertising these goofy ass ads. The time has finally come. The ads are done. So the ads are finally done running. I just stopped all of them. So once my account got unsuspended, I was originally planning on having two more days of the ads running. But I wanted to get this video up in a timely manner. So instead, I decided to cram all the budget from those two days I had planned, and put them into like 18 hours. So yesterday evening, and today, people have been seeing the ad a lot. I've tried a bunch of different things in YouTube's back-end to try to make my own subscribers stop seeing these ads but nothing seemed to work. My subscribers just keep on seeing these ads. But what about the newcomers to my channel? "I fucking hate your ads." But I still think that the most interesting reaction to my ads are from people who already knew who I am and might have been subscribed to my channel but thought that the ads were made by somebody else? "Danny they turned you into a mobile ad!" That would be very interesting if game companies had the balls to take videos of me making fun of their ads and use them to promote their ads. I guess that did happen with Cody ... with Tik Tok so I could- I guess I could see them doing that. What's funny to me is that some people must think that there's videos of me spanking myself in front of a green screen- just out there?? Or me dressed up like a wizard. A dumb, thicc wizard out there somewhere, that these game companies could have used to make the ads? But I'm just excited that the ads are finally done running because you know what that means; It's time for the award ceremony. Hello, everyone and welcome To the first annual Bad Ad Awards or as I like to call them, The Baddadies. We've got lots in store for you tonight, including finding out who the big winner is. Will the normal ad prevail or will the awful terrible ads prove that the bad ads on Instagram are actually not so bad after all? We'll be covering all of that, but first let's talk about money. How much money did I actually end up spending? Now while I had my accounts set up to spend $20,000 total, I didn't realize that Google ads can apparently decide "Nah, we don't want your money and we're not gonna show that ad as much as you want." So even though I had all my budgets set correctly, sometimes YouTube just didn't ... show my ad to people? Especially the spanking one? I think the algorithm must have realized that like, people really didn't like that ad and so it was kind of hesitant to show it to people. For the thicc wizard ad Google Ads spent about $5,600; For the normal ad Google Ads spent $4,100; And for the spanking ad we spent about $3,300. Which gives us a grand total of thirteen thousand, one hundred and seventy four dollars ... and three cents. So how many people saw each ad, you may be wondering? In total the ads were shown to Alright. Let's get into the Awards. So since YouTube showed each ad to a drastically different number of people, I think that the only fair way to compare them is through the CTR. CTR stands for click-through rate. It's the percentage of people who saw the ad and then clicked on it. Okay, before we find out our big winner, let's talk about the Best Worst Ad. The Best Worst Ad did the best job of being the worst ad. This ad performed the worst out of all the ads and should be ashamed of itself. Alright and the Best Worst Ad is... and yes, I did write these all on unicorn thank you notes, it's the only cards we had in the house. Alright, and the Best Worst Ad with a total click-through rate of 0.26% ... is the normal ad! That's right, the ad where I gave an honest attempt at describing what I do on my channel and asking people to subscribe, did the absolute worst! This does not bode well for who won the competition, because it's very clearly one of the two awful ads that I had to subject people to. I think this says a lot about why Instagram ads do what they do ( Yep. ) Granted my normal ad was not that great. It was very silly and I could see how people would just think, "Wow. This guy is just begging for subscribers" "I'm not gonna click on this shit." But I think it says a lot that even though it's weird, me actually describing what I do in my channel couldn't beat out two awful, awful ads. Alright, and now for the moment we've all been waiting for - it's time to talk about the Big Winner. The Big Winner is obviously the ad that performed the best. Will it be the ad with the disturbing text messages, the cool guy with the sunglasses in the backwards turned hat, and that absolute unit of a wizard? Or will it be the ad of me spanking myself over and over demanding that you subscribe to my channel, all the while the version of me who's being spanked is begging you "Please, please subscribe."? We'll find out ... right after this break. [Cheery Latin Ballroom dance music interlude] Okay, and we're back! Sorry, I just wanted to dance. And the Big Winner, of the ad competition with an average click-through rate of 0.39% ... is the Thicc Wizard Ad! That's right! Despite how bad it was doing at first, the thicc wizard ad actually pulled through and got the highest click-through rate out of any of them! These results don't make any sense to me. I mean, I didn't expect the bad ads to do better in the first place? I thought this entire video was going to be me proving that these bad ads need to stop and the only way to do that is to show that honest ads work better. So in that regard, I'm totally confused as to why the normal ad did so much worse than the other ones? But even between the spanking ad and the thicc wizard ad, I did not expect the thick wizard ad to win? For one, that ad is the only one that doesn't even show or mention the fact that I have a YouTube channel! So I guess maybe the fact that the wizard ad was more vague helped it? Another interesting thing I want to see is; Did I actually gain any subscribers from this? So I gain like a different amount of subscribers every day, so a tiny minuscule change wouldn't really show up in my analytics. The only real way that I think I can check this is by going to the Billion Surprise Toys video that I linked to, in all of the ads. So before I started running the ad, it looked like I gained about 30 to 50 subscribers a day from that video. And on the first day that I ran the ad that went up... to 90 subscribers. But then it dropped back down to about where it was before. So while I can't be a hundred percent sure cuz it's almost impossible to tell, it seems to me that spending about $13,000 on these ads got me about 40 subscribers. So I guess you could say ... it was all worth it in the end. All that trouble I went through and all of that money I spent, but hey, what would I do without those extra 40 subscribers? So, would I recommend making ads like this? I guess so. As long as they're as vague and confusing as this one, I guess people will click on it. Actually, not really because when you look at the click-through rates 0.39, even though that was the best one, less than half of a percent of people who saw the ad clicked on it. That's not very good. Would I recommend advertising your YouTube channel using Google Ads? Fuck no, everyone hates me now. D: All of the comments I keep getting are just like, "Oh, why don't you just die already with your stupid ads on your stupid videos!" >:| So no, I would not recommend this to anyone. Alright, well that concludes the first annual Badaddies! Thank you all for watching and now a word from our sponsor. [Voiceover] Hey there, Jimmy. What are you up to? Hey, mister! (chuckles) I'm just sitting around, coloring... Waiting for my credit score to get better... [Voiceover] Uh-oh. Well, that sounds awfully lame. Yeah, I've been trying but it's taking so long And it's boring. [Voiceover] Well, why don't you try Experian boost?? Because I...don't know what that is [Voiceover] Well come with me and I'll show you a little guy! Little guy? [Voiceover] Uhh, yeah, come on kid...kiddo. I'm 30 years old. [Voiceover] Oh, [Voiceover] But, but you're But I'm what?? [Voiceover] You're... [Voiceover] Coloring? SO?! It used to take months to improve your credit score but not anymore! With Experian boost, you can instantly boost your credit score for free by doing what you're already doing! Like paying your utilities or cell phone bills, which up until now you didn't get any credit for. Jeepers, Mister! [Voiceover] See you're talking like a child. That's why I thought you were a child. I don't know what you mean? A higher credit score can help you establish credit or get access to preferred credit options. People all across America have already raised their credit score with Experian boost and you should, too. That sounds great, but do I have to ask my mommy's permission? [Voiceover] Didn't you say you're 30? I am, it was just a question... [reading] Ok. Alright, I hope you guys enjoyed this video. I know it's a little bit different than the stuff I usually do but I had a lot of fun making it! If you're new to my channel and you're not subscribed yet, subscribe and turn on my notifications to join Greg. Greg is my family here on Youtube. It's my fan base. We're the strongest family on the internet and the fastest growing army on the internet. Once you subscribe and turn on my notifications you join Greg, and you actually become LEGALLY related to me. You guys want to come see me on tour, you can get tickets at wearetwodifferentpeopletour.com :) It's gonna be me, Drew Gooden, and Kurtis Conner performing stand-up, live comedy songs, live comedy sketches, and a bunch of really fun surprises that you won't want to miss. Thank you time travel bean for turning on my notifications. You are truly Greg. I'll see you guys next time with a really interesting video where I go to jail for stealing my own heart. Bye! :) ♪ This video is over now ♪ ♪ (Yo! Over now) ♪ ♪ Gol find something else to watch ♪ ♪(or just watch this video again)♪ ♪ I know we had a lot of fun ♪ ♪ (Yeah, a lot of fun, whoo) ♪ ♪ But you can't stay on this end screen forever ♪ ♪ (Noooooo) ♪ ♪ This video is over now (yeah)♪ ♪ (over now) ♪ ♪ So why are you still watching this? ♪ ♪ (do you not have anything els-) ♪

- How to run ads for your online fitness business | Intro to paid ads: Kind: captions Language: en when I first started my Fitness business I've always wanted to be in charge of how much money I made my big goal was to be able to write my own check meaning that if I wanted to make x amount this month I could crank the faucet and make it if it was too much for this month and I need to tone back some things down a little bit I could crank down the faucet just a little bit I wanted to have control and the best way to have control over your income is by learning learning how to run ads for your business imagine hiring an employee that worked all day and all night they never took breaks they never needed a day off they didn't need holidays off or birthdays off and they didn't talk back either right all they did was work for you 24/7 and promoted your business how valuable of an employee would that be to you how much would you pay someone daily if they brought you $1 100 leads every single day imagine how much money you can make if you had 10 to 100 leads every single day your money problems gone right you can buy the Lamborghini or you can go on the trip that you've always wanted to go on I personally just bought the new C8 Corvette blackon black convertible with the red stitching it's a beautiful ride it's amazing I also went to Hawaii for the first time earlier this year we're going to Miami this year we're going to Fort lale this year we're going to Bahamas two times this year and we got Cabo on the list too right my money problems solved because I learned how to get customers get leads and fulfill on the back end with my business as a matter of fact this is how much we made in January this is how much we made in February March April May right all right here you see what we just made in may we made over over $100,000 in sales in one month this is all a result of understanding how to run ads for my business and how to run my business efficiently on the back end of the business as well you see I focus on the one big thing I had to ask myself what's my one big Domino if I knock this Domino down the rest of the dominoes will fall and solve my problems when I first got started the big Domino for me was having enough people to talk to so that I can make more money I knew that I had a great product I knew that I was a great coach but I didn't know how to get people in front of me so that I can close them that was my biggest challenge so I knew that if I can get them on the phone I can close them easy boom done right so in today's video we're going to solve the problem of you getting leads so that you can help more people and also make more money side note this video may be a little bit longer than my usual but it's worth it and I'm literally about to teach you how to make money from the internet so if you can't focus for the duration of this video then that also means that you're not ready to take on the responsibility to make more money so let's go ahead and lay out the framework of this process the goal is to get new people to your page without doing more or extra work the money that we spend in advertising will be replacing the energy and effort it takes to create new content daily so who is the strategy for is for coaches who want to get more leads in it's for coaches who want to build a bigger following it's for women that want to create an audience with more women followers it's for coaches who are from a different country Maybe a country where the value of their currency isn't so high but you want to Target people in a place where the currency is high and they're willing to spend money for instance if you live in Mexico or another country and may not be the richest country but you want to Target people that can actually afford your coaching program like in San Diego or in New York or in Miami and still get leads to you you can do that with with this strategy before doing this strategy you need to know and understand how to book calls in your DMs if you have a client in your DM that's asking you more information about your coaching program you need to know how to turn that conversation into a booked call on your calendar that's your responsibility because I'm going to teach you how to get leads to you it's going to be your job to get them on the phone and close the deal in order for the strategy to really work you also need to be selling your coaching program for at least $1,000 to $1,500 so that you can be profitable remember that we are spending money to earn a profit right so your program needs to be priced accurately so that you can make money from you spending money and lastly you must already have good content on your Instagram page if your content is trash guess what's going to happen when we put money behind trash you're only going to get more trash right so if you don't know how to create good content for your target audience on Instagram and Tik Tok watch this video over here how to create content for Fitness coaches part one and two so that you can build your page with really good content because when we run ads the people that come to your page need to see that you're in alignment with what you're advertising and you already have content there that's going to help them expedite trust with you your whole goal is to build trust with these people online so they can book calls and close deals all right so here's the process when someone comes to your page from you running ads they will engage with your page first they will either like comment follow or watch your story because they interacted with you first it's now your job to reach out to them I want you to imagine your Instagram account like it's a store if someone came into your store you need to greet them and welcome them in even if they are just passing by and window shopping you know you should say hey come on in come on in come shop around get them in your store start a conversation with them okay then book a call and then close the deal that's it now I want you to find the best performing post that you have I want you to find a post where you're talking directly to the camera and you're giving some really good value to your tet audience and you're really helping help them solve a challenge or a problem that they're currently stuck with now what I want you to do next is change the caption of that piece of content and I want you to change it to something that's pertaining to your offer what you're going to be offering people say for instance you have a 90day transformation now in the caption you should be talking about the challenges that the client's going through and also give them the solution to those challenges and if they want your help they then should join your 90day transformation and they should message you the word start to get started and also just to make sure that your ad actually gets approved I want you to make sure that you're not using any copywritten music and you can't say stuff like burn fat or have before and after photos I let the link to refer back to meta's guidelines so please be sure to watch that before you boost your post after all that is done click the post you want to boost and then click boost post you need to be connected to Facebook for this to work next click goal if you like to have people into your DMs then use this as your goal if you want to get more website visitors and get people on your website then choose this as your goal now I wouldn't recommend that you all use website visits because we are not trying to get people to our website we're trying to get people to our Instagram page so that they can see the rest of our content and start binging on our content that's valuable to them right now so if you are an established coach on Instagram with over 5,000 plus followers use the message goal if you have under 5,000 followers and are looking to gain more followers so that you can get more people into your DMs then use the profile visits goal the reason why you don't want to use the message feature if you're under 5K followers is because you haven't built enough trust yet with your following remember that when people come to your page these are people that you don't no and they're going to be judging you by your page alone this is why you need to have 20 to 30 organic pieces of content on your page pertaining to their goals and their challenges so when the right potential client comes to your page they will know within 3 to 5 Seconds that they're at the right place because they see your profile photo they see your bio and your bio matches up with the rest of your messaging and your content and they will know okay this coach this coach gets me let me continue to watch a little bit more of his or her content to see if they really understand my challenges they're actually going to be vetting you out as the coach next thing you want to do is create an audience let's say that you're a woman and you own your own Fitness business and you have a big male-based follow foll ing because you're pretty but now you want to build more of a female audience the audience name is the person that you're trying to attract so an audience name I will put women over 25 gender would be women age 25 to 45 or whatever your demographic is then hit save audience the next thing you want to do is schedule out the ad and its duration I want you to try it out for a week and see what kind of results you get and lastly we need to set the daily budget right now it's currently set for $5 a day but I would actually increase it to $50 a day which equals out to over a 7-Day period $350 now if you want to learn how to get leads more organically without ads then watch this video here now that I increased my budget I want you to look look at how many estimated link clicks I would get and how much my reach would be if I increased it to $50 a day now this is my favorite part of this whole video because running ads is really all about understanding the numbers on average for example let's just say out of every 50 people that you start a conversation with 10 of those people will book a call with you out of those 10 people five people will show up to the call the other five will cancel or reschedule out of the five that showed up you'll usually close between two to three leads if you know what you're doing on the phone using the example from above if you spend $350 and all you did was talk to 50 people that came across your page and you only closed two to three Deals out of that that's all you need that's it your business would have made two to three $3,000 assuming that you are charging at least $11,000 for your coaching program now let's say you close two deals at $11,000 a piece which gives you $2,000 so $22,000 minus the $350 that we spent on the ads will equal to $1,650 in profits who needs an additional $1,650 this week I know I do now here's something really cool I personally paid a coach $155,000 to learn this one lesson that I'm about to share with you for free I can't believe I'm doing this but it is what it is all right if we know that $350 is going to guarantee us at least two clients over a 7-Day period the smart coach and the smart marketer is going to expedite this process and spend $350 in one day to make $1,650 per that day when I learned this framework my mind was completely blown I was like what money problems solved right you're you're telling me that I can spend $350 a day and make $1,650 per day it's a no-brainer where else in the world can you do this and make this amount of profit with your business you can't do it in real estate you can't do it in the stock market you can't do it with your silly MLM right no do it for your own business run out to your own business create a business for yourself and learn these skills okay this will change your life even if you only closed one deal at $1,000 minus the $350 that we spent in ads you would have $600 $50 in profits so if you spend $350 per day you can now make $650 per day do this five days out of the week Monday through Friday for a full month and now you just made $113,000 for the month times that number by 12 and you just made $156,000 for the year once again money problems solv now obviously this is just an example and there's a lot of different factors that go into this whole process but I want to show you the big picture of how things could really be if you learn how to do this process for yourself and for your business I recently heard the other day it was a quote and I totally stole this quote I forgot even who I who I heard it from but it was like you'll never go broke making a profit right you'll never go broke making a profit so even if you have to spend money and your profits your profits aren't as high as you want them to be a win is a win a win is a win you're still making money you're still ahead of the game right so look at the wins in this process and look at the big overarching picture and just remember that this process I'm showing you right now is all from working from home with your online Fitness business this isn't with you going into the gym this is all from home all from the internet right when you get to this level this is when you really start using your mind and start leveraging your brain power and not your physical body power this process is the true definition of literally working smarter and not harder now if you want to take this strategy to the moon this strategy is going to work best when you have paid content Plus organic content going on at the same time that way people see that you're active on social media people will see that you're social on social media also as I mentioned earlier there are guidelines as to what you can and cannot say in your ad meta has a link that explains the rules and regulations once again I'll leave a link in the description for that the last thing that I want to say about this strategy is that once you crank the faucet right you really crank it and now you're in control of how much money you can make you got leads coming into you every single day you need to be able to handle the responsibility that comes along with it okay you need to make sure that your system and your process is in order and is streamlined and you know how to service all of those clients give them excellent service so that they can have an excellent onboarding experience so that then they can tell all their friends and family about you so if you're a fitness coach that finally wants to start working smarter and not harder but you're not sure on how to put this whole process together and make it work for your business then I highly recommend that you join the fit boss blueprint online coaching program where we help Fitness coaches and personal trainers take their business online and scale their business to six figures within 6 months or less to find out more information about this coaching program Watch the free training beneath this video if you like what you hear you'll have an opportunity to schedule a free 45-minute strategy call with myself and my team on this call we'll learn a little a little bit more about your goals we'll learn a little bit more about your challenges and then we'll create a road map for you step by step going from point A to point Z all the way to success check out the links beneath this video also subscribe to the channel and that's it for this video see you next week

- How to Set up and Optimize ROAS Campaigns in Unity Ads: Kind: captions Language: en next question we have is from an indie developer we'd like to get started with unity roas campaigns as sap but we have no prior experience can you guide us on how to get started with them sure so the my favorite thing about Ross campaigns is that they are so simple that they are actually complicated uh if you know what I mean hello everyone welcome to another episode of Roi 101 today we're very excited to be covering a highly requested topic which is how to optimize your Ro campaigns in unity ads after receiving feedback that our last video didn't cover the dashboard setup and campaign optimization steps in enough detail we decided to create a new video to address that in this video we'll guide you through the steps to set up and optimize your Unity ads Ros campaigns for the best results joining us today is eigor achv a Unity expert who will share some of his top tips and best practices so um Igor please introduce yourself hello everyone very excited to be here today and very excited to share the best practices on how to work with all the tools available on Unity ads platform focusing on RW campaigns this is a very hot topic and we are very excited to have as many developers joining our platform and using the tools in the best way possible right and thank you for being here um I just want to mention that today we are following a bit of a different format in our video um we have put together a series of questions that have come directly from our audience and uh we were able to pick out uh like six fre most frequently asked questions and share them with unity beforehand so they could prepare a presentation so yeah that's how it's going to be in terms of format um IG are you ready to get started definitely six is one of my favorite numbers perfect okay so um the first question from our audience is uh I'm currently not using Unity ads but I'm considering starting what kind of goals would I be able to achieve by adding Unity ads to my UA strategy from an indie developer this is one of my favorite ever questions because in order to answer it correctly we actually first should ask ourselves what is our goal like um very often advertisers would approach opening up a new advertising Channel just for the sake of opening it and it's crucial to understand what exact result you want to see and then determine the optimization steps if you are not sure you can always refer to this memo um and I like to refer to it very often is your goal to test out a new game so namely is your goal a soft launch you just developed a new game your prod in it and you want to see how the users will actually behave and you you want to see how they are reacting to different triggers within the game play one of the next steps and one of the other goals could be testing out creatives this is a little bit more advanced but we provide a comprehensive set of tools for that and they allow you to actually test which videos which playable assets which hand cards work better so you can improve your marketing strategy overall at time your goal might be just to acquire a specific amount of the new users so we we also have tools which can help you with that at times you might be asked that you need to analyze the delivery metrics how well the videos you are currently using are converting the audience from watching the ads to actually installing the ad yeah and every other kind of upper funnel metrics are easily determinable within Unity ads and as a pinnacle goal but one of the most frequently discovered is when advertisers are coming to us with an approach to spend as much money as they can within the target kpis so basically maintaining performance at scale and this probably is going to be our key topic for today moving on right yeah okay so um so how can an Advertiser use Unity ads to optimize their campaigns towards some of these different outcomes that you've just mentioned yeah so in order to do that we have a very diverse portfolio of tools which allow you to achieve any of the goal I mentioned before or any other pretty much Inc within the Performance Marketing Journey so if we look at this portfolio of tools we can break them down into scale tools and Performance Tools so scale tools usually are perceived as simple so when using these tools we usually optimize all our activity towards installs so install here is the Pinnacle of the activity right and in order to achieve and get as many installs as possible we have two versions of the install campaigns one using static bidding technology and another one using automated bidding technology the main difference between those two is that static bidding allows you to set a static cost per install and optimize toward it look at it as you have an LTV of the app of $2 so you cannot exceed it and you would like to acquire new users with the CPI below that install campaigns with automatic bidding strategy allows you to optimize towards the max bit and this campaign type utilizes your entire entire daily Budget on scale for example you set up a Max bid of $3 and the daily budget of 500 so what Unity will do in this case we will optimize towards minimizing the install costs but maximizing the user Bas per day and the optimization here happens dynamically and usually this is helpful for soft launches besides that a little bit on the side we have creative creative testing campaigns we're very proud of this campaign type it's one of the unique campaign types we offer to the market and they allow you to practically AB test your creatives one versus another so think of that as you have two videos and in one video the character is wearing green hat and in another one the character is wearing the blue hat and you want to understand whether the color of the Hat actually affects how engaging the video is so with the creative testing campaign types you can compare similar amounts of Impressions one versus another and see which one performs better so besides the scale tools the most Advanced Technologies we have are impl mended into Performance Tools So within the Performance Tools portfolio you can use either row optimized campaign types and RWS here stands for return n spand retention optimize campaigns and campaigns optimize St wordss events I think we can dive deeper into how Ross campaigns work in particular later in this conversation but what you should know here when starting working with the uh particular campaign type is to mat and proof it towards your actual goal so remembering what we've mentioned before always know what you are doing before selecting the right tool for you right okay um yeah I just had a small question here so um I wanted to understand like let's say I'm I've just published publish my game and I don't have too many resources and I um and I want to start running Ros campaigns in unity ads what kind of campaign would you recommend me to start with so first of all you got to determine what type of Revenue dominates in your game okay typically we would have either ad Revenue monetized games or in a purchase right money type games so this is already the intersection where you either select I AP row campaigns or ad Revenue rows campaigns however if your game has a mix of both you can use hybrid R campaigns here so this is all about understanding your product well as a UA manager or as a marketing specialist and this is where I usually recommend the ad izes for coming to us to first of all actually go out there and play their game use their app understand what kind of product you're working with so you will once you know the product from A to Z you will also know how to Market it better yeah and to also understand your goal like you've just exactly yeah yeah yeah okay cool um I think we can move on to the next question I think we do yeah okay so the next question from an app marketer I have been using Unity ads for a while and I'm unable to pinpoint exactly when is a good time to make changes to my campaigns whether that changes for spend creatives or something else yeah so understanding when and how to optimize your campaigns always come to everyone like you would at some point always think what shall I do to make my campaigns perform better but at times it's hard to understand how your campaign is actually performing and what we like to do is to check your campaign towards this set of indicators and basically just tick the checkboxes whether any of them mature current circumstances so your activity can give you several types of the indicators which will guide you towards where you need to go with the with your optimization scenario so first we start with span this is usually the simplest one to understand so sometimes your campaign doesn't spend all the available daily budget so this can be a signal that something is not right with your bids and you're not competitive enough with within the auction and there is a room to improve there on the opposite your entire daily budget might also be fully spent and this is also a very good point for us to optimize perhaps your campaign is overco competitive and you're actually beaing a little bit too high and you can save some costs and allow yourself to require more users but at lower costs also your campaign can have very unstable spend this usually is dictated by some technical difficulties or something else um Worth to explore but keep in mind that the way your campaign spends the daily budget is not granted but usually is a great indicator to understand what is actually going on right um what is the worst problem to have just out of curiosity is it when you know your campaign is uh doesn't spend the available budget or the other way around I would probably say that campaign not spending the daily budget is usually the most complicated challenge to overcome because if you look at it if it's unstable and it's a technical issue you can always fix it and move on if your fully daily budget is spent well now your your job is to spend it effectively so it's a kind of sweet task Everyone likes to deal with yeah but if your campaign doesn't spend at all you have to go through some iterations and you probably will need to work with both bids and your creative strategy to improve your activity right that makes sense yeah so moving on here um another very important part of understanding how to optimize your campaign is to look at the delivery indicators so by delivery we mean the actual process when the ad is delivered to a user so there is a variety of metrics which might be necessary to consider when looking at the delivery metric conversion rate click for rate CPI or cost per install and ecpm all those metrics either being above or below your kpis or within your standard results from other AD Partners all of those could be the indicators that your campaign got to be modified and in order to do that you utilize the tools available on your campaign management page or with your creatives yeah so I think when I read these terms like too low or too high I was curious as to you know what exactly is too low or to high but I think you've just clarified that maybe you know when I compare to my other marketing Partners that's when I can that's what I could use as a comparon or a basis okay exactly your historical data is basically your best friend right and knowing how you were acquiring users in the UK in the past year will help you a lot to build your marketing strategy for the upcoming year as well right I additionally and this by the way is applicable not only to Unity but pretty much to every marketing channel you're using never hesitate to talk to to to to the networks never hesitate to talk to the representatives um use the data available online to find out what is the current marketing Trend what are the current costs Trend so use the available resources you have um yeah so the the next stop would be the revenue indicators so Revenue indicators usually come blast after you have already acquired a specific amount of users so the key one here is going to be RW um and this is pretty much why we are running our campaigns uh to achieve Ross as high as possible so the the most frequent case when you would need to start thinking about optimizing your campaigns is when your row is too low but different campaign types give you different signal so retention or how often the users come back to your product can also be very important metric here and another part of the revenue indicators is also the costs so Ross say return on ad span consists of your revenue and of your costs so there is a chance that your product is very strong generates the revenue consistently from each and every user but you are acquiring those users at such the high costs that you can never break even or make the profit so this is the this is the time when we have to start thinking about costs usually it comes it all comes down to CPI cost per install uh but there could be different cases as well got it um but when you say um an indicator when your R is too low um does that mean anything below 100% is too low or so the ideal scenario is that your rose is at 100% and above the only question is when you want to achieve those 100% whether you want to achieve it by the by by day 30 day 60 day 180 or any other type of um the metric set up by your business so basically how quickly you want to turn profitable with your business model different companies allow different profitability windows for themselves yeah and it's important to always to keep uh to keep in mind what's happening within your company like how uh how quick you need to break even if the answer is as short as possible well um you might find out yourself in quite a Pico and uh you might need to work very hard to achieve the results like that yeah from my understanding that also depends on the genre of the game right yes yeah different different games perform differently and they turn profit in a different way yeah okay uh cool and just in order to support everything we've mentioned before so spend indicators delivery indicators Revenue indicators um we have some in dashboard indicators which are specific to Unity ads so there are two types of them one is the inside cards those are usually um little tips on how to make your campaigns perform better we frequently release new features in updates which allow you to work with your campaigns in a better way add additional data streams so the campaigns would optimize more profitably um and just basically anything and usually those indicates that hey you need to add a new ID there you need to work with the new setting or anything else so keep an eye out of them and make sure you um you use them properly and you don't have any insight inside cards piled in your dashboard are they like out there or are they hard to miss like do they pop up or how well if you ask me uh they're out there they're flushy uh and and they basically look like banners on your uh campaign Details page and on your campaign page uh so make sure to always look at the top of your screen when you when you go to manage your campaign all right so top of the screen flashy great yes yeah yeah not not too flashy probably quite stylish I would say I I like the uh the work done by our design team okay cool um okay so moving on to the next question then from a UA manager uh what are the different types of tools available in the unity dashboard that I can use to run reporting and keep track of my campaign performance or any changes yeah we we spend some time talking about the indicators but like besides the inside cards and budget alerts where you would find those indicators so um simply free ways to to find them and to identify uh those indicators and insights um first being the campaign campaign Details page which gives you the look back on what's Happening to your campaign second one is a very comprehensive history in Performance Tool which allows you to check the history of the edits of your campaign towards your performance and the last but not least is the full reporting capabilities so those are the tools which allow you to actually go to as deep level as possible up to the source app level where you are actually acquiring your users from what are the costs for each particular unit of your user acquisition activity and basically build any kind of dashboards you uh you'd like so I'd like to make maybe a brief stop at each one of them because uh they're all straightforward very convenient to use but uh if we just move on with the slides yeah yeah I just wanted to ask quickly um would you say any one of these are more important than the other like is there a hierarchy or would you give like equal weightage to each of them I would probably say that all three of them are the pillars of monitoring your activity properly and none of them should be overlooked so when it comes to campaign Details page and you can see how it looks like from uh from the slide here um this is your first entrance to understanding how your campaign performed in the relative 24 hours 7 days or 30 days so this is this is going to be your first way to see okay in the last 24 hours my campaign spiked in delivery what's happening maybe that's the new creative I have added or vice versa your campaign just stopped delivering at all what's going on are the bits too low or something else so you can um assess all this data on either the level of your campaign or on the level of the creative pack which is another unit of doing UA so from the campaign uh Details page which allow you the first Clans you would go to the hisory in Performance Tool and this is another one very very handy way to look at your campaign so you can see in the slide that it consists of the bar chart of your spend per day of the graph of the installs and um and Impressions so why would you look at at it here because it's matched and displayed together with the hisory history of how your campaign was edited and that allows you to understand how the exact action you have taken affected your campaign and this is very important in understanding what is the right bidding strategy what is the target roles you should be using how it actually affected my campaign in the past was it a good way or a bad way how my delivery reacted to the changes I've done so this page is actually super important and you you you've asked me which one is the most important I wouldn't say this one is but it's very often being overlooked and I definitely would recommend paying a lot of attention to this page why do you think it's being overlooked uh do people not know enough about this tool or it's um it's it's quite an unusual tool and quite unique I think we are as a network in quite a unique position in the way how we designed and display this data um and probably advertisers are just not used to look at the data this way but every time I'm showing this to everyone I only get the positive feedback yeah it's like a wow moment why did why did I not know about this yeah yeah it's very very handy and I very of often encountered um in my experience that UA managers would keep track of the edits they they make to the campaign on like a separate EXO spreadsheet then you lose the EXO spreadsheet then you lose the access to the EXO spreadsheet and then you do not remember what was happening to your campaign and everybody's sad about that and here you have everything in one place yeah yeah I agree it looks pretty cool and useful so I'm glad that we're talking about it today yeah and um the the next stop here would be the reporting tools we have so the reporting dashboard allows you to look at all the data you have for the entire time frame of running your campaign in the holistic way and you are you can basically do whatever you want with your data you can build different slices uh and looks how you want to evaluate it you can add different metrics and focus on the ones which are important to you at the moment and you can also share this information so you can bookmark the the tuab and come back to it later um and you would not need to rebuild the dashboard all over and over again so if you're looking at the network specific information it's always very useful to come back to this page and check what what's happening with your campaigns got it okay so um the next question we have is from an indie developer we'd like to get started with unity roas campaigns ASAP but we have no prior experience can you guide us on how to get started with them sure so the my favorite thing about Ross campaigns is that they are so simple that they are actually complicated uh if you know what I mean um they are simple in a way that's that it's easy to set them up but it's quite challenging to optimize them and at Unity we believe in educated our users and we're actually here today to tell you more about how our product works because if if you understand how it works it will make you a better professional and you will understand better how to work with it so your R campaign um is different from the installs campaigns you you you might be running before Ross campaign optimizes towards the value of the particular user rather than just the probability of the user to install the game after watching the ad in case of the install campaigns so when we talk about Rose campaigns as we've mentioned before we have two main types of goals you can set for yourself and you can utilize when working with raws campaign so it's either in a purchases optimized Ross campaign or ad Revenue Ross optimized campaign it can also be a mix of both hybrid yes um when you work with the rose you pretty much have one and only way to influence how it works with the bits so this is going to be your target R Us and this is the only setting which regulates how you work with different uh different users and what goal you're setting for Unity because this campaign uses Dynamic bidding it chooses the CPI in each and every particular case and for each and every particular user so if you look at your install campaign you set up the CPI of $1 and you will push and find the and try to find the audience with this costs if we're talking about Rush campaign you only set up your target Ross let's say to 10% for the seventh day and you need to automatically adjust the bid in order to achieve the exact Ross you are setting so in this case your bids and your CPI shouldn't actually matter because if Ross is good Ross is good you don't really care how cheap or or how expensive you're acquiring the audience if you're breaking even within your uh within your goal and within your kpis MH so um Target Ras is something I would set myself right as the user or the developer um so do you have any recommendations on what exactly I should consider when setting it up yes so again the historical data how your app performed is crucial to understanding how to work with it in the future when it comes to working with Ross campaigns those campaigns are working only because they're based on your data and the data Unity accumulates and processes so in order to interconnect all those things together you're using your mobile measurement partner so tangent for example and your Prov providing Unity with the data on how your audience in your game actually makes purchases how they are watching the ads how much revenue they generate for you so in order to understand how to work with your target draws you got to know how the audience from the data sample you are providing to Unity actually behaves in the app how they uh how they play the game and how they generate revenue for you right yeah and um I think like from what I know uh we also have to run CPI campaigns for a while in order to then you know start with Ross campaigns that's correct so as I've mentioned Ross campaigns um use your data as a fuel for the machine learning algorithm MH so you have to run install campaigns for some period of time until you reach the eligibility for for the r campaigns okay and that means that we will have enough data to understand what is the portrait of the user in your game who is the average Joe playing your game so we can and by we am in unity algorithm I'm not doing it man obviously but we can actually go out there to the network and look for the users who would be similar to the ones you already have yeah and I think another question you I get at least um as an account executive is you know like when when would we know that we're eligible for the RAS campaigns how long do we need to run the install uh CPI campaigns so do you have anything to say about that yes so if we look at um all the BR campaigns variations so add Revenue row campaign optimized storage the 7 day I row campaigns optimized storage the 7day ad Revenue row campaigns optimized towards d0 and hybrid Ross campaigns optimized towards D7 they have slightly different eligibility criteria and they are different for each of those campaign types by by the fact in which cohort we actually need to have the data so it can either be D zero Gort or D7 Gort and you can always check how much data you have in the reporting tools available in unity and the eligibility criteria is slight L different for for for each of them so for IP rows campaigns you must have 10 unique paying users in your D7 cohort for ad Revenue RS campaigns you must acquire 200 installs Each of which would generate at least some ad revenue and those installs must mature to the seventh day if we're talking about the zero Revenue R campaign it's the same but with the different cohort dat they applied the seven Ros campaigns are using both data sets from I AP Ros campaigns and Andro R campaigns right if um our viewers would want to learn more about that we have the comprehensive overview of all the eligibility criterias in the knowledge base and also there is a link from the unity dashboard to the dedicated pages on the knowledge Center as well okay great okay so moving on then yeah so um it is sometimes complicated to understand which particular campaign type which particular RS campaign variation you need to run so you can always um check yourself to towards the type of Revenue which is dominating in your game and what kind of genre you you're using we live in a very complicated world for good or for the bad but uh and genres can be quite fluid so um do not take the ones we're going to be talking about as an aom like they can be they can be very different and game developers always experiment with uh with the chandras here but as a rule of thumb if your game is heavily IP monetized you probably are looking at the D7 I AP RS campaigns if you have an ad monetized game which is designed to create a habit for the player to come back to your game every day to play it for as long as you can think of um word games coloring games different kinds of puzzle games you're probably looking at the D7 n Revenue RS campaigns as your main to um if your game is more like a fun snackable and clickable experience hyper casual game probably D zero Revenue R campaign is your best friend here and if your game has a little bit of everything you can also optimize towards both Revenue Flows at the same time with hybrid Ross campaigns yeah I just wanted to say that um I found this slide very insightful like I like how you know you've mapped the type of campaign with um the metrics kpis and also the genres I think that's that's very useful So yeah thank you for putting that together thank you yeah and I think we've already discussed how to work with the um campaign's eligibility and what are the data requirements so um you can always refer to this information on the knowledge Center and check when your campaign is actually becoming eligible for you to create a Bross campaigns for the same game uh always make sure that you're looking at the same cohorted day uh and not at the um relative historical look back so in order to find out what is your D7 ad Revenue data you actually need to look to the D7 look back not the last seven days okay yeah um and depositors here I just wanted to confirm it means like paying users yes those are unique paying users um and and this is the main type of data utilized by i r campaigns so everything you have here um we receive all this information from your MMP and one of the most important steps in running your R campaigns is actually setting up uh the um data busing from MMP to Unity we are talking about quite complicated uh systems here which are talking to each other and we want to make sure that everything's set up correctly yeah yeah um so I've just added like the steps on how this can be done via tension so for both in a purchase data as well as ad Revenue data um yeah so uh I think the most important thing that Igor has told me is that sometimes the unity game ID is uh entered incorrectly so I just wanted to emphasize on that I don't want to go through each step um if you know the viewers have any questions they can just reach out to us directly at support.com and yeah we've recently just um um released a new uh callback setup temp uh version so yeah we're always uh improving our user experience so I just also wanted to mention that but um yeah I guess nothing more to add here so I'm just going I just want to stress it one more more time how important this setup is and always make sure to reference um tons or any other mmps um guidelines provided to make sure that you're are setting up everything correctly all the systems are different so right this is very important yeah and um I think we're approaching like the actual creating of um rows campaigns so as I've said before actually creating it is simple so once you become eligible you just navigate to the all apps page you select your app you create a campaign and you select Ross as your optimization type and after adding the name of the campaign here you are you have your campaign uh up and ready to be added with all the rest of the settings so um this setup doesn't really differ from all other campaign types we have the only difference being that your working with Target RW instead of the bids everything else Remains the Same so you still need to add um the countries you want to Target you can work with targeting options such as devices um operating system versions and anything else related to the particular device where the ads is going to be shown um and yeah after that you add the attribution links and you're ready to go live with your Ros company right and that's where the uh interesting part begins and you start to observe what's going on and how the users are actually acting in your great um so can we move on to the next question then I think I think we can yeah yeah um so this is from an app marketer I have been running Unity Ras campaigns with little success I'd like to learn about the best practices for Unity Ras campaigns from a Unity expert perfect uh this question sounds like music to my ears because I'm being called an expert and the challenges we're facing are on the the ways for us to become better so yeah as I've mentioned before um we do believe in the product first approach so in order to work with unity and to optimize your campaigns correctly It's always important to understand how the product works so one of the pillars of working with r campaigns or pretty much any other optimized campaign types is to understand the time frame so we we were talking a lot today about the zero cohort D7 cohort what does it actually mean and why it's so important so when we say D7 cohort we mean a specific amount of users who were acquired on a particular date and they spend at least seven days in the game so it's important to mention that when we say D7 we actually mean eight days eight days yeah D zero is the first day exactly so d0o is the day of the install and this is sort of a common practice in the market that we do not include d0 uh as the actual day of the install to the cohort um we basically are doing that in order to compare apples to apples the same data to the same data so why is it important to understand uh the cohorted data because if you're working with a D7 optimized campaign you must allow the algorithm to work with the same data you are working with so for example if you have made the changes to your campaign today you need to wait up until Unity fully utilizes this data so for eight days at least and only after that introduce the new changes this is important because first of all you must look at the data uh when it's the fullest so when uh it the cohort is actually mature and you allowed all the users to make the purchases and also you have to allow the Ross algorithm to actually do its job and optimize towards the time window it was designed for so this is true for both D7 and d0 go ahead and and another pillar of understanding how to work with your campaigns is how to work with your target R setting and in order to understand um your target RW setting and to work with it better you have to understand how it influences um the performance of your campaign and how the data uh and your inputs to the dashboard affect the way your campaign is performing so um here in this scheme we have um the simplified um version of how unity's R campaigns work so everything starts with our uh R machine learning model which takes the data you have provided to Unity so remember what we have said before about sending the data from tangent to Unity uh and actually comparing this data to the network so once we do that Unity checks how much money a particular user can actually make in your game by the optimized cohort so here in example we have D7 but it's true for d0 as well so once we've determined that this is where we are using your target draws to calculate the actual bid which will go into the auction so as almost every um ad networks auction ours is based on ecpm and ecpm is a combined metric of your bid and the predicted probability of the user to install the game after watching the app so un need calculat everything based on our models and based on your historical data and you only in inut your target for us for us to yield the ecpm and run the auction where the ad which is uh the most competitive wins and is being shown to the end user right okay so this is like a diagram of how the machine learning works yeah so there are many components of machine learning here and uh it's simple simplify a lot uh to provide better understanding yeah but what we actually want you today to get out of all this complicated thing um is in the next slide so the main way for you to work with your target RW is to understand how it influences your ecpm so as we've said before high ecpm means we win a lot of Impressions we have high volumes we have wide reach and potentially more depositors more paying users however it comes at the expense of higher costs so if you decrease your target Ross your ecpm actually goes up you're you are widening your the reach of your campaign and you are acquiring more paying users if you increase your target Ross you are lowering the volume and the delivery of your campaign you start to win less Impressions but the users you are requiring are expected to be more profitable so with the lower ecpm when it comes to R campaigns you would actually win less installs less Impressions but they're going to be more profitable for you they're more valuable users yes exactly exactly and the truth is is actually somewhere in the middle here so um everything depends on your strategy and you will probably have to experiment with your target RW several times before you find the balance here right um when it comes to actually managing Ross campaigns um I'm happy to share a few tips um on what you what you should not do and what you should do when working with them so first of all as we are working with a quite sensitive very complicated machine learning model actually several ones of them it's always better to limit your adjustments to the campaign to smaller changes smaller incremental changes of 10 to 20% your bids and targets is always better they're better adjusted by the algorithm and they will result in just your campaigns performing better as well yeah um again coming back to what we've said about the cohorted data make sure to stay within those cohorts and always allow um Unity to have mature corts after the optimization so if you're working with the seven draw campaigns you should optimize your campaigns not more often than once in eight uh yeah did you have a question no um I yeah um one if I wanted to build like a hypothetical situation let's say I've you know um set up a Target roas I'm really happy my campaigns are performing really well and let's say two weeks later I decide to make this 10 to 20% adjustment to my target Ras but it stops performing well what what would you advise in such a situation that I can do yeah so what we are talking about here are the recommendations and the ideal scenario so in the ideal scenario you should not optimize your campaign more often than once in seven days however if you see that your campaign is actually drastically underperforming um or spends too much money or you're just genuinely unhappy with the results you have the full control over your activity so you should not need to wait until um you spend your entire monthly budget uh on nothing you should actually um take the control and optimize their campaigns either increase or decrease the target Ross uh depending on the situation yeah but let's say I've increased it but um you know I'm suddenly not my campaigns are not performing well anymore um so in this is a tricky one because uh as we've said before not performing well can can mean a variety of different things so uh we need to Define what does not performing mean here is the campaign not spending enough is the return on the ad spand is too low um any other type of problem so depending on what signal we have we take the action here okay right got it um are we ready to move to the next yeah um yeah so those those are the tips you should avoid but there are a few you should consider doing so um we've talked a lot about the data and how important it is and how it fuels uh the machine learning algorithm so one of the tips um advertizers frequently miss out is that you can actually run several campaign types at the same time for the same game and the same country so for example running a D7 ad Revenue R campaign D7 I AP row campaign and an install campaign all together for the same game should not hurt your activity in reality what's going to happen each Campaign Will accumulate different types of data so users acquired with and revenue R campaign will they will still generate purchases which will be used towards the optimization of the I AP R campaigns all the users will install the uh install the game it will benefit how your install campaign performs and this is like a circle where each and every uh campaign type is inter connected so uh bottom line running different campaign types for the same game perfectly fine and will actually benefit uh your performance interesting however in order for everything to work you got to maintain healthy daily budgets so as we've said before everything's based on the data and there should be sufficient data so we usually recommend having at least $500 daily budget per country uh in one campaign this will allow you to actually gather statistically significant amount of data and which you will be able to look at and also it will allow Unity to optimize properly um again more data you provide to Unity the better as long as this data is adjustable so make sure to reference our knowledge Center and find out what types of data you're using and how to pass it to Unity usually the way to pass the data would be your MMP um and you can uh select how you're feeding Unity with different types of data um one tip from the campaign management side make sure to keep your top performing countries separately uh so if you know well that your game performs better in France because for example you've built a word game and your team is originally from France and they're they're frankophones so they've designed the game with French language in mind uh which works extremely well in France but you still have to do some work in the rest of the world so in this situation you probably would want to keep France in your separate campaign um besides everything we've mentioned on the target Ross and settings of the r campaigns you can still leverage block listing feature that means that if you as a smart human being observe some extreme values delivered from the specific Source games you still can block them for some period of time allowing the algorithm to skip the particular Source app and probably come back to it later but improve your performance in the short term and when working with Ross campaigns analysis and particularly with creatives besides looking at the delivery metrics so how well the creatives are converting the users from impression to install make sure to consider the Ross on the creative level as well this is a again something which is very often overlooked right okay um I think yeah we're at our last question um which is from an app marketer where is the best place for me to reach out to Unity support so um we are on a mission to build and maintain the platform which is accessible by everyone and we are doing this all because we believe that the world is a better place with more creators in it in order to get support from Unity um the your first stop in my opinion should always be our knowledge Center and all in all all the things we've discussed today is available there and you can always refer to this data we update it constantly and you will find guidelines on how to set things up how to keep them running and how to how to become successful if you want to talk to um fellow developers other advertisers you're welcome to join Unity ads forums where you can find uh what are the current trends what are the common pain points maybe something some challenge you are facing has already been encountered by by someone and they know the solution and they would be happy to share with with you and lastly if you encountering technical difficulties you can reach out to our support team and they can provide you with the solution for um everything you might be facing you can either do that through email or directly through the dashboard by clicking the question mark button and filing out a ticket great uh that brings us to the end of the presentation um thank you so much uh for this very insightful presentation Igor um yeah um so uh if there any questions uh please feel free to leave a comment below and we're happy to answer them for you and um if you found this video helpful please leave a like and you can subscribe to our channel for more similar content thank you very much uh thank you tangent team for having us today thank you tabar for uh for hosting me great questions and thanks for watching

- How the Facebook Algorithm Works: Kind: captions Language: en I'm sure you've heard the term algorithm a lot when you're talking about Facebook but do you really know or even understand how the Facebook algorithm actually works well truthfully even when the algorithm does change it's not all that much nothing that would cause some major paradigm shift in how the function Works anyway so let's dive into exactly how the Facebook algorithm works now whether you love it or hate it you've got to understand it to be successful in marketing your business on the world's largest social media platform you wanted to know that your content is valuable authentic and worth serving up to your followers so what exactly is the Facebook algorithm anyway well it determines which post people see every time they check their Facebook feed and in what order those posts actually show up essentially the Facebook algorithm evaluates every post it scores those posts with ranking signals and then arranges them in descending non-chronological order of interest for each individual user this process happens every time a user refreshes their Facebook feed it's basically a mathematical equation that feeds off data points those data points come in the form of engagements from your audience now how does Facebook determine what they show users in their feed this is basically done in three steps the algorithm figures out what content might be shown to users by using three main ranking signals who posted it type of content and interactions with that post now each post is ranked based on these three main ranking signals to determine where it appears in the user's feed with who posted it you're more likely to see content from sources you interact with including friends and businesses type of content means if you most often interact with video you'll see more video If you engage with photos you'll see more photos and you kind of get the idea here and interactions with the post means Facebook will prioritize posts with a lot of Engagement especially from people you interact with a lot on their platform now we know the Facebook algorithm weighs certain engagements on your content differently meaning one type of Engagement is scored higher than the other with this knowledge you can actually attribute an actual score number to those types of engagements in order to arrive at a piece of content's overall score now of course Facebook doesn't disclose the actual score number their algorithm assigns however we do know the types of engagements that score higher than others from this we've seen the algorithm favor these types of ranking signals over all others now those are going to be order from highest to lowest it goes shares comments and then likes now this video is all about understanding how the algorithm works so you can learn what Facebook considers valuable for its users you have to do the work to figure out how those overall principles apply to your specific audience then create content that will resonate with them and in turn send more ranking signals to the algorithm now of course when you're trying to bump up your engagement numbers it can be really tempting to seek out complicated Facebook algorithm hacks trying to manipulate the algorithm to get more distribution than your content merits based on those ranking signals is a big No-No Facebook considers the spam so basically what I'm saying is don't do it the message here is really pretty simple now that you understand how the Facebook algorithm Works work with the algorithm not against it

- Facebook Marketing Strategy 2026 | From Facebook Beginner to EXPERT In One Video!: Kind: captions Language: en facebook is easily the biggest and most important social media network available right now with almost 3 billion users you simply can't afford to ignore the powerhouse that is the facebook empire but what's even more exciting isn't just the number of users that facebook has but the tools that facebook gives you in order to reach and to market to its users from pages to groups to messenger to ads and so much more facebook really is a one-stop marketing shop and nothing else even comes close not even a little and when you understand how to use the tools that facebook gives you in order to reach your clients or your customers right where they are right now you'll never go hungry for leads customers or sales again so let's get to it facebook first came out in 2004 but it was in 2009 that it officially became the most popular social media platform in the world and it hasn't stopped growing since this is why whether you're a business owner an entrepreneur a marketer or even an employee that works for a business you simply can't afford to ignore facebook but knowing that facebook marketing is important to your business and knowing what tools are available and how to use them well those are two completely different things and that's why in this episode i'm gonna break down the different ways to use facebook to reach your audience grow your business and make more sales we'll start with the easiest and we'll move progressively through the list of options getting to the more complicated and more advanced strategies the beauty of facebook is that there really is something here for everyone whether you're first getting started marketing your business on facebook or whether you've been at this game for years so let's kick things off with one of the easiest and also one of my favorite ways to market yourself and your business on facebook which is the facebook personal page when most people think about facebook the personal page is normally the first thing that comes to mind in fact the general public people outside of marketing and outside of business well they're normally not even familiar with all of the other options that facebook gives you maybe aside from messenger and the odd facebook ad that pops up on their newsfeed to them the facebook personal page is facebook your facebook personal page is the main page that you see when you first log in it's what you signed up for it's typically your name and it's the page you use to connect with friends or with family it's not your business page you can't run ads through it it's just there but here's the deal it's also one of the most effective ways to connect with your network and to build your business and here's why first especially if you're just getting started in business it is incredibly important that your friends and your family know what you do after all word of mouth and getting referrals are incredibly powerful ways to build up your business but for them to refer you they need to know what you do after all people can't buy from you if they don't know that you exist or in this case people can't buy from you if they do know you exist but don't know that you have a business i learned this lesson personally years ago the hard way when i accidentally created content on my personal page that i meant for my business page and all of my friends and my family chimed in and they were asking questions about marketing and they had no idea that i was doing marketing now at the time i was telling myself that i didn't want to spam my friends and spam my family with my business so i would keep it separate this was a huge mistake the reality is is you can post strategically and carefully on your personal page about your business without spamming without being sleazy or salesy just let people know what you do the other reason that makes your personal facebook page just so effective really comes down to the almighty facebook algorithm which is essentially the system behind what facebook shows and to who it shows your stuff too well your facebook personal page is still one of the places that you have decent organic reach meaning you can create content on your personal page and it has a pretty good chance of getting shown to your friends and to your family alright moving on to the next tool that facebook gives you which is the facebook business page here's the deal with the facebook business page if you have a business you need a facebook business page period this is non-negotiable now the beauty of the facebook business page is that it gives you access to a whole new set of tools that just aren't available through your personal page like putting in your business address as well as running ads which we're going to talk about later unlike your personal page however which should be largely personal with a little bit of business your business page should be largely if not completely business now this doesn't mean being boring and it also doesn't mean hammering your audience with offer after offer trying to get them to buy something but it does mean keeping your content on key and largely business focused or business related or things that your customers or clients would find useful or interesting or valuable people that follow your personal page are going to be interested in you whereas people that follow your business page may be interested in you but they're probably more interested in what your business can do now when you first start a business page you're gonna have all of zero followers so you may be tempted to spend money on ads in order to build up your followers but to this uh i'd caution you first of all we saw this years ago when people spent a ton of money building up all of these followers for their business page only to have the facebook algorithm change and immediately destroy pretty much all of the reach that was coming from the page meaning let's say you had a hundred followers on your business page and you created content in the past maybe 50 or maybe even 60 people would see it well then they changed the algorithm and now two people would see it maybe five so all of this money that was spent on building up followers was largely wasted this is why a better approach is rather to try to build it up organically mention it through your website through your email newsletter and also let your facebook business page followers be a byproduct of any ads that you run again we'll talk about that in the future and by future i mean in just a minute but first facebook stories facebook stories are a fun and lighthearted and casual way to share kind of quick moments or behind the scenes goings-on of your business stories are vertical videos or pictures shot from your phone and they only last 24 hours the cool thing about stories is that they have stickers and effects and different emojis really just kind of have some fun with them when it comes to facebook stories the key really is just to use them and use them often once a day pretty much at least maybe even twice or three times or five times or ten times depending on your business depending on your market depending on your audience the great thing about stories though and why they really do need to be a part of your marketing is that they're a little more real a little more raw and a little more authentic they're also fast and fun really easy to make just grab your phone snap a quick picture shoot a quick video and pretty much done all right now let's talk about one of the most feared of all the facebook tools which is none other than facebook live facebook live just like instagram live or youtube live or any other live that's going to come out in the future is a live streaming platform meaning you can create live videos from your phone or from your desktop and broadcast them out either on your personal page or your business page or in any groups that you're a part of or own going live is a really effective way to show your true personality in a real and raw and authentic way after all it's like you can't edit that stuff out that's also why it freaks people out but your audience loves it you can go live from your phone or you can set up an entire live streaming studio from your desktop computer and go completely bananas the choice is totally up to you the point though here is that if you can find the courage to go live and don't be afraid to start small from your phone and work your way up from there if you can find the courage to do that it is an incredibly effective marketing tool alright now let's talk about facebook messenger facebook messenger gives you the ability to message people directly much like a text or sms but done directly through the facebook platform just like with the going live feature well you can do this through your personal page or through your business page there are some advantages to using your business page being that you can incorporate more software like a chat bot which can actually do some initial filtering and some initial heavy lifting of the conversation to sort and to segment and to guide people where they need to go there's also now the ability to message your instagram friends through facebook messenger because facebook owns instagram but we'll talk about that later too and by later i mean in just a minute the cool thing about messenger though isn't just the accessibility and the ability to message friends and family and clients and customers and things like that but also all of the tools and the features and the kind of nifty things that it gives you you can of course send emojis and stickers and gifs but you can also send audio messages as well as my personal favorite video messages most importantly though is to really put yourself in your customers or in your client's shoes being empathetic to the way that they want to communicate with you and with your business and a lot of people prefer messenger all right it's time to talk about facebook groups facebook groups are an incredibly powerful feature that facebook gives you to build a community of like-minded individuals around a certain topic or interest or business and there are facebook groups out there for pretty much everything you can think of like literally pretty much everything there's even a facebook group out there of people who all pretend to be ants in an ant colony and before you write this off as just a weird corner of the internet this facebook group of ant impersonators has nearly two million people now when it comes to marketing with facebook groups you have three different option one is a free facebook group the strategy behind creating your own free facebook group is essentially you create a group you don't charge anything for people to join and you use it to generate leads and foster connection and build engagement and rapport with members of your group free facebook groups can work amazingly well but they're very niche and market and industry specific so you want to be careful to make sure that your business best aligns with offering a free facebook group plus they take a ton of time and energy and careful strategy and planning to really make sure that they're working to the way they should you can't just toss up a free facebook group add a couple people in there and expect it to grow your business this is why i consider a free facebook group more of an intermediate strategy the next option is a paid facebook group now by paid facebook group i don't mean that you're paying facebook to have a group rather your members or your clients or your customers are paying you and as a benefit they get access to a group you can use this as a standalone membership community or you can use it as a value add to your current products or services the content strategy inside of a paid group is obviously quite different than that inside of a free group because people paid to be in there so it better be good the third option is other people's facebook groups and this is by far my least favorite strategy of all in fact i'd even go so far as to say i genuinely dislike this strategy now it did used to work quite a few years ago when facebook groups were still relatively new and not every single person had tried and spammed and really sleazed their way out of this strategy there's an expression that marketers ruin everything and it's kind of true because as soon as something works everybody does it and then it stops working well going into other people's facebook groups providing value bombs which were essentially just spammy sleazy salesy type posts and then trying to get people to direct message you to siphon off from the group again used to be an effective strategy but now just looks spammy and sleazy and salesy and people know what's going on so if anyone tells you that a great marketing strategy today is simply to sign up for everybody's free groups and then leave a ton of valuable comments or helpful posts and then slowly start siphoning off members for your own that's bad advice it makes you look salesy it makes you look sleazy and it makes you look needy none of which are good for business on the other hand if you genuinely care about the group about the business about the topic about the people inside then by all means create valuable content engage and respond be helpful and be useful but don't make this your primary marketing tool as a way to grow your business let any business boosting or networking or relationships that come from it be a nice secondary byproduct alright it's time to talk about facebook ads facebook ads are probably one of my favorite parts and favorite tools that to promote your business and one i've been using for the past decade but it wasn't till around 2013 where retargeting ads really came out that things really got effective anyway facebook ads even still to this day are still one of the most cost effective and strategic marketing uses available to you but what makes facebook ads so special isn't just the fact that they're giving you access to facebook's massive audience database but rather the targeting and the placements and the creative capabilities that you have to create really high converting ads facebook ads are great and you should absolutely be looking at them as a part of your marketing strategy however like all advertising they're not a magic bullet rather advertising facebook ads in this case are an accelerator meaning if you have a good and a good offer clear messaging an ideal target market that's really clearly defined well facebook ads are going to enable you to accelerate your business and amplify the results on the other hand if you have a questionable product or service or an unproven offer that just isn't converting well facebook ads are only going to make it fail faster this is why the key or the secret if you will to creating high converting facebook ads always comes back to the basics always comes back to strategy first you need to clearly identify who exactly it is that you're trying to reach their demographic details like what's their age and their gender and their income and their occupation their geographic details like what city or state or province or country they live in and most importantly at least when it comes to facebook what are their psychographic details like their values and their attitudes and their lifestyles what other pages do they like what other interests do they have what other groups are they a part of then you need to dive even deeper and try to figure out your markets biggest pains and problems and fears and frustrations so you can craft effective ad messaging and effective ad copy that speaks directly to these pains it's only then that you get to decide where you want your facebook ad to appear and what you want it to look like admittedly it's kind of complicated stuff but learning it and getting it right is an absolute game changer for your business alright now let's move on to some of the lesser lesser-known facebook marketing tools which while aren't necessarily huge right now they could be in the future so they're worth learning about paying attention to the first of which is facebook watch facebook watch is a feature that you may or may not have even heard of facebook watch is kind of like facebook's version of youtube but without the cool search features and only available to some people but it's also kind of like netflix cause it has its own original shows but it's also still on facebook so it's kind of like facebook basically facebook watch is still kind of hard to categorize regardless it's worth paying attention to because anything facebook does is worth paying attention to after all it's hard to say when they're going to open up access to more creators and what kind of reach and what kind of exposure they're going to permit other businesses to have but at least for now unless you're a massive business with a multi-million dollar marketing budget it's probably best just to be aware of it but then leave it alone next up facebook portal facebook portal is facebook's version of a smart video conference device essentially it lets you live video chat with your facebook friends does have some other cool features though like letting you listen to music or check your front door or look through your photos from a business perspective however it's tough to say how or when this will be fully incorporated that said it does let you do video calls from messenger or whatsapp so you could use it to connect with your clients or your customers and you can use portal's camera to go live so if you want to do a facebook live you've got that option what's cool though and what's more interesting is facebook portal's use of ar or augmented reality which gives you some pretty cool and pretty interesting features which right now are available on the portal but may soon be incorporated into other facebook products and speaking of ar augmented reality let's take a look at vr virtual reality and facebook's move into that world with oculus facebook acquired oculus which produces virtual reality headsets back in 2014 for 2.3 billion dollars so clearly they believe in the future of virtual reality that said we're still a long way away from virtual reality vr becoming a part of our everyday lives i mean just think about how many people you know that spend at least an hour a day using virtual reality technology i'm willing to bet not many maybe not maybe one but that doesn't mean that it's not going to become a more dominant and more relevant technology in the future so again it's worth knowing about and paying attention to for now though unless you've got that multi-million dollar marketing budget again probably worth paying attention to and being aware of but putting it on the back burner alright so up to this point we've covered the big ones the products and services that facebook has to offer that you can use to craft the perfect facebook marketing strategy but we're not quite done yet because there's still a couple more platforms you need to be aware of if you truly want to dominate the facebook platform and here's the deal we've covered a lot so far but facebook has over 40 different products and services crazy eh but i really want to make this clear you do not and should not use them all rather you want to be careful and strategic and highly selective about the tools about the products about the services that best align with you your business your customers and your goal use the best ignore the rest sounds like a tagline so with that said here's a couple more facebook services that i really want to draw to the front of your mind to make sure you're paying attention to you're probably already familiar with them but it's important to understand that they fall under the facebook umbrella the first off is instagram from facebook yes facebook owns instagram meaning if you want to run an instagram ad you need to do it through the facebook ads manager plus many of the algorithm changes we've seen with facebook well they largely apply to instagram as well yes they're different platforms and they have a different vibe and style and aesthetic but a lot of the algorithm and math and logic behind it a lot of it's the same the key though is with over 1 billion users instagram is an amazing way to reach a slightly younger demographic next up is whatsapp also from facebook now there's a lot of similarities between facebook messenger and whatsapp like a lot both are owned by facebook both allow you to chat with friends but the biggest difference is that facebook messenger is more closely aligned with your facebook profile whereas whatsapp is more closely aligned with your phone and the contacts in alright so now that you've got a good handle on facebook marketing the next thing you're going to want to do is check out the video i have linked up right here on instagram marketing so make sure to check that out now and i'll see in the next episode the way that i like to think about it is feed real good and stories real time meaning that you want to make sure that you've curated and created your absolute best content in your feed so that you're really portraying your best brand image possible putting your best you

- How to Increase Facebook Engagement in 2026: Kind: captions Language: en look it's no secret that facebook is the largest social media platform in the world but what isn't so clear is how to actually use facebook to increase your engagement so today i'm going to give you the seven facebook algorithm hacks to increase your engagement hey guys sherman here at life marketing a digital marketing agency that works on facebook campaigns all day long for small businesses i'm taking a break from work right now to give you the seven hacks to breaking the facebook algorithm to take your engagement to the next level and by the way you don't have to click some link in my bio for the full guide or buy my free course if you follow these instructions that i'm about to give you i promise you that you will see higher levels of engagement on your facebook page and if you stay to the end i'll give you a bonus hack alright so let's cut to the chase first of all what is facebook engagement facebook engagement is any action someone takes on your post so likes comments clicks shares video views and so on will count as engagement now here are the hacks to increasing your facebook engagement for your business by the way if you're new to our channel go ahead and subscribe so you don't miss out on future tips to help you grow your business all right hack number one boost your content i've got a question for you if a tree falls in a force and there's no way around to hear it does it make a sound i'll wait okay look i'm going to tell you what everyone else is afraid to tell you if you want to increase your engagement on facebook you are going to have to boost your post because here's the truth there's 2 billion people on facebook right now and everyone's competing for the same five seconds of attention on the news feed and on that news feed guess what facebook prioritizes posts with friends and family over business content which means even if you have followers on your facebook business page you're still not going to reach most of them and if you're starting from absolutely nothing meaning you have low followers and engagement chances are you're not going to get a lot of attention by just posting great content the reality is is that facebook is not hurting for content anymore instead it's the businesses that are hurting for attention but here's the good news number one you don't need to spend a whole lot of money boosting your posts we've boosted polls for clients for just five dollars that ended up performing extremely well in terms of engagement and followers and number two you actually increase your organic reach through increasing your engagement so if you boost your post and everyone loves it facebook is more likely to show your post to them again the next time you post not to mention that they may love it so much that they decide to share it with their friends and you get a viral spin on your content so go ahead and save yourself from low engagement by milking the facebook algorithm by boosting your post hack number two create engage worthy content do you want to know what's not engaging filling up your facebook page with posts that have absolutely nothing to do with your audience and everything to do with your we see this a lot with small businesses they create facebook pages and start posting about how cool their business is and then they realize it's still just their family and friends that are actually following them okay so that's the problem now here's the solution facebook prioritizes posts that spark conversations and meaningful interactions with people so you need to post content that pertains to the interests and goals of your audience if you want to engage them even if that does not directly promote your business because remember you're competing for attention on facebook first and foremost once you have attention on a consistent basis you can start promoting to your audience to monetize it but until then you need to post content that grabs people's attention you need a hook that piques people's interest you need a message that is authentic and relevant and you need eye-catching images or videos that make people want to stop scrolling and digest your content all right hack number three get people talking let me ask you something which drink do you prefer coke or pepsi here's another one how often do you cut your yard every two weeks or every month okay and what's your favorite social media platform facebook or instagram regardless of your answers to these questions my point here is that posts that get people talking will increase your engagement on facebook now notice that these questions are very easy to answer you can easily pick one of the two options that i have listed here this is much different than saying what are you going to drink today or what do you think these type of questions require more effort and thinking power on your audience's part which ultimately makes it much easier for them to scroll right past but by asking questions with simple answers or comparison questions in your content you increase your chances of increasing your facebook engagement the trick here is that you also want to be relevant to your audience and business as well so a hair salon might do a comparison photo of two different hairstyles and ask their audience which hairstyle is their favorite well a nutritionist might ask their audience if they prefer almonds or peanuts as a snack anyway the bottom line here is if you want to increase your facebook engagement you need to get people talking by the way guys since we're talking about if this is helpful to you at all please smash that like button for me below all right hack number four interact with your followers no one likes sending someone a text message and being left on red and likewise you don't want to leave the people who were engaging with your business on red you should interact with them your interactions and responses will contribute to your post overall engagement and it might also encourage further dialogue and discussion thus leading to more engagement on your facebook post so don't sit back and say oh cool i got five comments like you're a supermodel and everyone is just so flattered by you get in the game interact with the people who are engaging with your business and build authentic relationships with your audience hack number five avoid fishing for engagement facebook hates posts that ask for engagement like posts that start with comment below and share this simply because you want engagement on your post those tricks used to work really well like five years ago but is now frowned upon after the news feed exploded with these type of messages so don't hurt your reach by asking for engagement instead make your content so irresistible that it's hard for people not to hit that like button or engage with your content hack number six post more often how much engagement can you get if you don't post anything at all probably none right well the same thing applies to frequency you're likely to get more engagement from posting five times per week than you would if you post it just one time per week so make sure that you're posting frequently and consistently but also make sure you're not posting garbage if you're posting a bunch of bad content it could actually result in you losing followers and engagement so craft your content carefully and choose a schedule that allows you to do this as consistently as possible hack number seven post native content and keep people on facebook why would facebook show your post in the news feed if it takes people off facebook their entire business model is based on people spending as much time on their platform as possible with that said you're likely not going to increase your engagement by including links in every single post or promoting your youtube page for example it's already proven that native content performs best in the facebook algorithm native content is content that is created solely for the purpose of the platform it is consumed on so for example if you have video content you should upload your video directly into facebook and share it on facebook's platform doing this will get you far more engagement than simply sharing a link to youtube taking people off of facebook and sending them to their biggest competitor likewise instead of linking to an article in your post take the major takeaways of that article and split it up into a series of social media posts that can be digested on facebook instead of an external website doing this will keep people on facebook longer and also help you break through their algorithm to increase your engagement alright so here's a bonus hack use video i'm including video as a bonus hack because not everyone may have the means to create videos but if you do i highly recommend it like i said in my last hack facebook wants to keep people on their platform as long as possible the longer they can keep you on facebook the more ads they can share and the more money they can make and what better way to do that than with video videos perform better than any other type of media content on facebook in terms of engagement even if you use animated or stock video clips to supplement your posts chances are is that it still will outperform other content types in the algorithm as long as your video is engaging so in short use video as much as possible alright so those are my hacks to breaking through the facebook algorithm to increase your engagement now let's recap the seven hacks that i gave you those seven hacks were number one boost your content number two create engage worthy content number three get people talking number four interact with your followers number five avoid fishing for engagement number six post more often and lastly number seven post native content and then i gave you a bonus hack if you can use video as much as possible if this video helped you guys out at all please smash that like button for me below and if you want to see new videos to help your business grow then be sure to subscribe to our channel thanks everyone and i will talk to you soon oh

- Is Facebook Organic Reach Dead In 2026?: Kind: captions Language: en and fast forward to today I still stand on my statement that organic reach is dead but what I want to add on here is it's dead for [Music] businesses you see when you are a business you cannot count on the organic reach to grow your business so my simple um you know like way of saying this for any business here is if you are running if you're running a business you need to run ads you don't depend on organic reach to help to grow your business that's what I want to say but having say that meta Instagram Facebook combined they have turned into a discovery based social network Okay now what's the difference here is this know you know back then you know when we I was doing this in 2019 you know um Facebook was still a place that is really crowded by a lot of you know like you add a lot of friends and you follow a lot of business so your fit is only limited to certain things and Facebook would have have to pick what to show to you but if you realize I think started about two years ago Facebook start started showing you posters from Pages or people that you do not follow do you see that okay you don't follow them you don't like their page and all that but you you still see their Post in your Facebook feed or even Instagram feed that is because Facebook's changed the direction it turned into to uh Discovery based social network because the reason why here is a lot of people stop posting things on Facebook so they may not have that many things to show in your feet you know that just imagine that a lot of your friends are no longer posting things they won't be showing a lot of businesses but they don't have a lot of So-Cal your organic post from friends to show you but they still want to make this fit interesting because that's where they get you stick on it and you know that's where they make a lot of money when you browsing the fed and start seeing the advertisement so what they do is they turn this into a discovery base whereby they start showing you content from content creators of you know like people or businesses that you may be interested in but usually it's either content creators and stuff uh and people it's not really so much about businesses so I actually started a new Instagram account I think and Facebook page about uh you know like two years ago and it's purely my hobby kind of stuff and I enjoy steady growth on both platforms um because meta Facebook and Instagram they recommend my my content to people who might you know be interested in my content so if you're a content creator that's what I want to say um organic rich is not that you just have to do the right thing to make sure that meta notice that you are creating good content and they will start posting I mean as in like sharing your your your content to people that do not follow you which would help help you gain followers and you know like from there and extra exposure but that's another thing that we have to talk about you know in terms of the content creation strategy and all that that's really something that you probably would have to spend a lot more time and effort in doing it and it's really something that is depending on the algorithm still you have no control about it so if you're doing this only for Hobby and everything you know like it's not business just keep on doing it and eventually you will start getting traction and all that you know everything's going to be okay for you but if you're running a business my best answer to you is you still have to run ads because you will not have that much time creating content that engages with people that gets people to like and Po and and and comment and share uh you know that turns you into uh uh you know like um Facebook's favorite or Instagram's favorite to start promoting your post to other people so here's what yeah that's I mean the reason why I do this part of um revisiting this video thanks thanks to marur for commenting on this um I think it's really beneficial for us to know the New Direction on of Facebook and Instagram and you know if you're running a business I would say seriously creating content is not that I mean I'm not saying that creating content is bad but it's unpredictable it's not really a control if you want something that is predictable and controllable you got to run ads and you really need to learn the right way to run ads that's what what I want to say

- How To Generate 100,000+ Facebook Followers With Facebook Ads: Kind: captions Language: en in this video i'm going to show you how to use facebook ads to generate tons of facebook page likes and followers it's a lot easier to do than most people think it doesn't have to cost a lot of money and can be done really fast you can generate thousands tens of thousands of facebook page likes and followers in weeks maybe even days when you know how you've just got to follow the steps that i'm about to show you so i'm here on my own facebook page just to show you and i'm talking about i've currently got 154 000 facebook page likes 157 000 followers and i'm going to go through the exact process of creating a facebook ad campaign in order to generate followers how easy it is the settings you want to use and all that sort of stuff so you can implement it right away i'm also going to talk at the end about what you can do with those followers because it's more to it than you probably think there's more advantages and they're slightly different to what most people expect when it comes to building followers on facebook so make sure you stick around for that but before we get into running this facebook ad campaign to generate the page followers what you need to do is set up your page and and just take a little bit of care of housekeeping and make sure your page is something that people are going to actually want to follow when they go ahead and check it out so just a few quick things that you need to do firstly make sure you've got a cover photo in there right and these things aren't difficult to create you could do it yourself you could hire someone on fiverr for example it's gonna be very inexpensive just to get a nice cover photo here this page is all about me as opposed to as opposed to my company and different people may want to make that decision depending on where you how you've built your brand and how you want to position it and all that sort of stuff but it's just a very simple obviously image of me my name a little bit of info and that's it you could use an image here potentially from your portfolio if you're a portfolio-based company and you produce you know product services that have something really visual to use or you can get something similar to this created where it's just about the brand that you're looking to present really straightforward right and make sure you've got some stuff on your page as well it doesn't you don't have to have tons you don't have to have hundreds of posts but you know six to a dozen posts if it's a brand new page is a good idea that could be content you created if you created any content like i've got a lot of i'm in here it could be links to other articles in your space you know other things other people have done it could just be curated content you just want to make it so that this looks active people come to your page this is what they're going to see they're going to go look at your posts they can see okay um there's stuff going on here there's like positivity and stuff going on here this is a real person or a real company they're they're active they're engaged you want to tick those boxes and then of course enter in some of your basic um information about the page you know contact information link to your website what kind of page is it maybe a little intro a little bio about you or or about the company depending on which option you're going for so just make sure you get those simple things taken care of and now we can jump into ads manager and go ahead and create this facebook account so here i'm in an example facebook account i'm going to use this to walk you through the campaign setup before i do to quickly mention that the reason why we're running a facebook ad campaign as opposed to using organic methods to grow a facebook page is because organic methods to grow a facebook page are very ineffective if you're trying to spam facebook groups or any sort of other sort of cold outreach spammy type techniques the sort of things people do even just regularly posting to your page hoping that people see it hoping that you're going to get followers that way none of those things are going to work the spammy type end of stuff like spamming groups for example that just leads to your account getting banned your page getting restricted and if you're just posting trying to get followers organically you could do that for the rest of your life and you're not going to get as many followers as you could get with a day of advertising it's just not the way facebook works the platform it's not like instagram where there's still um some organic traction there it's just it's a pay to play system and that's just what it is doesn't mean they're not worth getting i'll explain more why as we go through this but that's just something i needed to explain up front so in order to create a page likes campaign or a page followers campaign they're basically the same thing the system has changed slightly so if you knew how to do this you know a couple years ago well facebook have gone ahead and changed the setup which they do from time to time and it's not surprising so you want to come into ads manager and then you want to go ahead and click on this green plus create button and then if you've got the new odac's um campaign menu you want to go ahead and select engagement and even if you've got the old campaign objective and you also want to select engagement but the next step changes slightly so we're going to go ahead and select engagement and click continue and that's all we need to do at the campaign level if we're using the new odac's campaign objective menu i want to quickly show you what this looks like in the old cafe objects menu so i've just gone into another one of our ad accounts that doesn't have the new odac's campaign ejection menu why meta does roll out some things for some people not to others i don't know but uh but there we go so if with this campaign objective menu if you click on the plus create button and you still want to go ahead and select engagement like i talked about with the other option but once you've selected engagement you then get these options down here below and what you want to go ahead and select is page likes then click continue and then from there you can sort of join up with what i'm about to show you on the other ad account right um you just have to take that extra step it's slightly different with the new campaign objective and you just wanted to make sure in case you've got this old setup okay so here we are back in the original ad account with the new odac's campaign objective menu where we just selected engagement and came straight through to here there's nothing else we need to do at the campaign level unless of course you're involved in special outcasts we've got videos on that so if you are make sure you check that out but we want to leave buying type as auction and don't touch the campaign objective we're not gonna do any a b test and you don't need to turn on advantage campaign budget what used to be called campaign budget optimization same thing just a different name and because we're only gonna be having the one ad set so no need to worry about that it's gonna work exactly the same now if we do jump over to our ad set the first thing we need to do if you've got the new odax campaign eject menu if you don't you won't see exactly this you'll see something similar is we need to select the conversion location as the facebook page that's what effectively makes this a page like or a page follow a campaign that's designed to get more followers to your page very very very important that's where we're going to be sending people that's where we're going to go ahead and get the action that we want to take which in this case is follow the facebook page obviously make sure you've got the right facebook page selected if you've got multiple facebook pages associated with your account then we get into budget so when it comes to page like campaigns you don't want to overspend at all this is not going to be something that completely changes your business overnight it's definitely valuable nice to have i'll explain why later um but therefore you don't want to go mad you want to start nice and small now what small is for your business might be 25 pounds a day it might be 100 a day it might be ten pounds a day you know something like that ten dollars a day would be absolutely fine to start with you could even start with a couple of dollars a day that's also fine i'd much rather you run a campaign on something that's very affordable for you see how it performs then you can calculate okay i've spent you know five dollars i've got this many likes um i'm quite like a target to get you know a few thousand likes therefore i didn't spend this much okay i'll do that over the next two weeks and you can go about it that way once you've got the data from a few couple days of running ads add a small budget you can then make those projections so absolutely fine to go with something small to start with um go ahead and do that then we scroll down to the audience section now what i'm going to recommend with a page likes campaign is something that i would recommend with any other type of facebook advertising campaign but if we go ahead and select edit and i'm going to get rid of the united kingdom which is the default and instead i'm going to go ahead and enter worldwide and select that as a region this goes contrary to a lot of marketing advice where you think you want to be specific and target people that are really good prospects for you and that's all true but when it comes to page followers at least initially we want to just get some we want to get some because it gives your page credibility and it establishes some authority in your space when people come and check you out they will feel like you know what you're talking about um and that's what we're initially trying to the very first stage of generating facebook page followers is getting some we can then get more specific so let's say for example you were like i just want a minimum of 2 000 facebook page followers so the page doesn't look embarrassing and when i run my other ad campaigns to try and sell my product sell my services i've got some credibility there and it absolutely does do that by the way if you run a conversions campaign trying to sell your product people come to your page and they see it's got you know 23 followers like oh i'm not going to order from this company they don't look legitimate so this there's a lot of value in getting some page likes initially so page followers initially um by targeting worldwide now the reason why we just want to get a couple thousand really quickly easily inexpensively and we're targeting worldwide is because it's a much much cheaper to do so than probably targeting the country that you're the specific country that you're watching this from um markets like western europe the us canada australia are much much more expensive than targeting worldwide from worldwide you're going to pick up markets in asian countries and african countries where the population doesn't have as much disposable income and therefore they're less desirable to advertisers advertisers are willing to pay less to reach them and because facebook operates on an auction a competition system if advertisers aren't willing to invest as much to reach those people they are cheaper to reach so even if you're a local business i don't see any problem with generating a couple thousand worldwide and then you can come in and be a lot more specific so let's say we got a couple thousand that's just what we wanted and then we wanted to build a facebook page following that's more representative of our target market you can go ahead and take that out in a business like mine a facebook ads agency we could go ahead and add in you know the united kingdom and the united states and we'd go ahead and add in things like australia and canada and our main our main markets you know you can go and be more specific after that but to get started with if i delete those out i would strongly recommend you go ahead and do worldwide and the difference by the way in terms of cost per follower from going with worldwide versus versus say just the us is massive worldwide you might be looking at a couple of cents per new follower in the us you might be looking at 40 or 50 cents per follower it really can be that significant once we scroll down i would like you to leave the rest of this really open even adding in say detailed targeting options that make it more specific to your industry are likely to increase cost and the beginning of this is establishing credibility and just getting some followers showing that your page has some legitimacy so you don't want to add in any demographic interest behavior targeting option that's related to your industry if you've got some interest that you just that are really broad that you really want to add in that's like i need these people to be somewhat related to what i advertise which is fine then you can go ahead like in our example for example we could go ahead and add in something like digital marketing you know there's how many people interested in that 150 to 175 million okay that's massive that would be fine social media marketing but what i really don't want you to do is add in some of the smaller more specific targeting options definitely not big broad ones are fine but it's also fine and this is often how i get started to just go with open broad targeting once that campaign's been run been live even a few minutes facebook's gonna work out oh okay this is a page all about digital marketing we'll put this in front of people that are just digital marketing they will work that out for you with something like a page follower campaign where you get so many conversions really quickly the advice is completely different for other types of campaigns i want to make that really clear as i go through this um so i don't want you to implement these settings in other types of campaigns i've got lots of other videos that show you how to set those up properly and differently from this but anyway we're going to go ahead and um and leave that nice and broad not mess with age not mess with gender not mess with languages for the most part sometimes you might want to you know we only want spanish speakers for yourself fine you can go ahead and add that in but most most of the time it's not necessary okay when it comes to placements it's absolutely fine to go with advantage plus placements what used to be called automatic placements and the reason why is because facebook's only going to put um this type of campaign where the conversion location is your facebook page on certain placements if i go ahead and click manual placements for example you can see that ads are only run on facebook not on instagram message or audience network which makes sense because you don't want to be taking someone from instagram over to facebook people aren't going to like that they're going to drop off so it's just within facebook and even within the facebook platforms it's only um certain locations within facebook you can see not all the options you know it's not on facebook stories for example and other various things you can go through so absolutely fine to go with advantage plus placements because you're limited to a few anyway optimization for ad delivery is page likes obviously that's absolutely what we want that's what we're looking to do i would not recommend adding in a cost per result goal and that's all you need to do at the ad set level very very straightforward for a facebook page follow a campaign now let's go ahead and jump over to the ad level okay so when it comes to running a facebook page follower campaign um the ad format is a little bit different than usual you can see that things like your headline is fixed and we'll go through that you can obviously see the preview on the right hand side to see what it's going to look like so the first thing is you want to go ahead and add in your primary text now your primary text wants to give people the reason for following your facebook page why should they follow your facebook page what are they going to get out of it what content you put on there what's what's the incentive here what's the benefit of them taking that action so if someone's gonna follow my page for example that's all about digital marketing facebook advertising in particular i could use something like learn how to generate low cost leads and sales with facebook okay something really simple like that and you want it to be nice and concise and short we're not asking people to take a big action here we're not asking them to fill out a big survey we're not asking them to purchase a product we're asking them just to go yep click on this little thumb over here i want to follow um that page and potentially see the content they produce and all that sort of stuff right so really short simple to the point learn how to generate low cost leads and sales with facebook is great you can add in other text options and this is something that's relatively new with facebook advertising where you can add up to five text options been available on other ad platforms like google for a while and if you're not quite sure which one to go with just simply go ahead and add in a text option we've got one there and you add in another one and you can keep going up to five that what will happen then is facebook will just test a number of different options see which one works best and that's what we'll be wrong with so a good way to just uh slightly improve your results particularly if you're unsure i'm just gonna go with the one and four now next thing we need to do is add in an image and i would for the most part recommend you use an image as opposed to a video or other media because again it's a really simple ad really simple ask we want people to glance at this and just very quickly take that action we don't want them to think they need to watch a video first and get lots of drop off the more complex the ask the more complex the ad is a general good rule of thumb here the ask is super simple as easy as it gets on facebook therefore the ad should be super simple as well so in terms of adding an image if i go ahead and click add media and add image so for demonstration purposes i've just gone ahead and grabbed this image the one that was the header on my on the cover photo on my facebook page for a business like mine this is the sort of thing that we're going to use where there's not like a visual element we want to be really simple we know that within you know the potential market that facebook could reach they're going to be people that are interested in facebook advertising digital marketing that might recognize me you know this guy yeah yeah i know therefore this is what we're going to go with are there people that might recognize your brand or or perhaps the product or even you know if you're just getting started you don't have that you could use your product or a picture of your service or a portfolio or the same sort of thing that you would put as a cover photo on you know on your facebook page and of course if you don't have any of that stuff and you just want to advertise a stock image that's related to what it is that you offer again all that's fine don't overthink this don't over complicate it just use something that represents your page or your business or your product and something that's relevant that is congruent with learn with facebook for me well of course this image is but that might be something different for you depending on what your business is just go ahead and use that obviously when it comes to this image i would get my graphic designer to re-edit it to you know make sure the crop works and things like that but that would be fairly straightforward and easy to do hopefully that's clear as i said don't overthink it simple and just representative of your business your industry works great tracking don't worry about that don't worry about picks or anything like that we're just keeping people on facebook here so that doesn't matter very very simple ad as you can see now of course once you've got it all up and running and once facebook has gone ahead and approved it if we jump back to the campaign level you'll start to see results coming in and this results will show you how much you're paying in terms of cost per um facebook page like cost per page facebook page follower you can then start to make a decision like i talked about before start with a small budget and go okay targeting worldwide we're generating new followers for three cents each i'd like a thousand therefore we're gonna have to spend this much or at like 5000 or i'd like 800 or whatever target you have and i'd like to spend this much we'll get there then we might run a page like campaign that's on a keep it with a nice small budget but it's more representative of our target audience like it's just in the u.s or just in the uk or something like that that's also absolutely fine or you could just decide to turn it off move on to other facebook advertising campaigns and then um you know use that as the credibility indicator that it is to help improve the rest of your facebook marketing efforts so i want to quickly talk about the value of these facebook page followers i've just shown you how to go about and get very easily quickly and inexpensively it's not for organic reach the same way in that you can't um use organic methods to get followers in the first place you can't really post your facebook page much and get much in the way of organic reach to those people that follow your page let me give you an example so if i just scroll down to one of these posts and we click on see insights and ads you'll see that of my 150 odd thousand and people that follow my page we've got post reach of 2400 so a really quite small fraction is actually what's coming it is what's seeing that post organically and i haven't put any money behind this i haven't you know boosted this to my facebook followers people do that sort of stuff but i haven't done any of that in this scenario this is just pure organic so there's a little bit in there but it's not much that's not really where the value is the value in facebook page followers and having this sort of number is i've already said about the credibility that it gives you if you're running any other sort of advertising campaign on facebook trying to generate leads and sales and whatever it is you're looking to achieve it's all going to be easier if you look like you have a larger presence on the platform gives you credibility i know you now know that these facebook page followers don't do much in terms of organic following but the people you're advertising to there's a good chance they don't know that and this also translates to larger business opportunities so there's loads of media publications youtube channels podcasts all sorts that will take a look at things like your facebook following and use that as a deciding factor of whether or not to invite you on their podcast will you be on my podcast tomorrow because they only want to invite people on that have larger followings because that helps grow their podcast they're hoping some of your audience will come over when you promote it to them so doing this sort of thing can help you get can help open a lot of doors in terms of promoting yourself promoting your company providing your brand because again you look more established more credible more like someone that people want to do business with then the other thing you can do with these facebook page followers and i think this is the most valuable part of a follower this is the best reason to continue running facebook page follower campaigns and try and build these followers up and up is because you can then invite the people that follow your facebook page to join your facebook group because you're invited and you're invited and you're invited and you you and you and you whereas there is not really anything doing in terms of the organic side of things on facebook pages there certainly is on facebook groups and if you can build a facebook group by first building a page inviting the people that like your page to follow your page to join your group which a lot of them will and then using that to grow a group and marketing within that group that can be a fantastically effective business strategy and to show you that i know what i'm talking about here is my facebook group it's called the facebook ads mastermind group it's got 168 000 members actually larger than my page at this point and this is a serious generator of business for us both in course sales and leads for our agency and interest in our services all sorts we've even hired staff when we've done that loads and from members of this group that follow my stuff that follow my methods and we can then hire them take them on as account managers this group has been a tremendously valuable asset and you can do it by as i said generating facebook page followers and getting those people inviting those people to go ahead and join your group this is actually the largest facebook group in the world is specific to facebook advertising which is something that's pretty awesome if you want to go ahead and join haven't already then just check it out on facebook i'll include a link in the video description below um but if you want to know more about that strategy around how you go about getting those facebook page followers and converting them into group members because there's more nuance to it than i've covered here then i've got a video on that just go ahead and check it out here walks you through the details step by step just like i've done here but for that strategy and if you're interested in going a facebook group which is something i'd recommend this is gonna really help you out

- Facebook's New Update Just KILLED Flexible Ads: Kind: captions Language: en Facebook made a massive algorithm update in April.&nbsp; And I'll tell you what, it has been wrecking havoc&nbsp;&nbsp; with business owners who advertise on Meta,&nbsp; including Facebook and Instagram. And in this&nbsp;&nbsp; video, I'm going to break down exactly what the&nbsp; change was and how to combat this so that you're&nbsp;&nbsp; not left behind. All right, so let's go ahead and&nbsp; get started. I'm going to share my screen real&nbsp;&nbsp; quick. Okay, so the update was that Meta killed&nbsp; the flexible ad. You're already seeing the alert&nbsp;&nbsp; for this inside of your own dashboard. When this&nbsp; update was announced, I reached out to my friends&nbsp;&nbsp; on the meta engineering and product teams and&nbsp; this is the email they sent me. And then they gave&nbsp;&nbsp; me all of the internal training docs that Meta&nbsp; reps will be taught in May. Here they are. And&nbsp;&nbsp; I got to tell you, it's really exciting. The first&nbsp; mistake that people make here, this workflow only&nbsp;&nbsp; appears on new ads. So you can't edit old ads.&nbsp; So you need to create a new ad. to use it. Now,&nbsp;&nbsp; once you're at the ad level, this is where&nbsp; things start to look a little different. Here,&nbsp;&nbsp; you're going to click set up creative. Then&nbsp; you choose image or video. Like flex ads, dco,&nbsp;&nbsp; and dynamic creative beforehand. You can upload&nbsp; multiple images and videos all inside of one&nbsp;&nbsp; ad. Everything now just lives inside of this one&nbsp; system. Now, here's where most people go wrong.&nbsp;&nbsp; They upload random creative packs after pack after&nbsp; pack built around some general idea. Instead,&nbsp;&nbsp; you want to be intentional. You'll notice that&nbsp; you can upload up to 10 creatives here. Don't&nbsp;&nbsp; upload more than three. You'll see image tab and&nbsp; video tab. And while you can toggle between them,&nbsp;&nbsp; these ads should only be of one format. Each ad&nbsp; is a test. Every test should answer a question&nbsp;&nbsp; like which hook is the best, which image&nbsp; format converts best. If you mix formats,&nbsp;&nbsp; you're testing to see if you can get lucky. Luck&nbsp; is not a business model. Mixed ads will fatigue.&nbsp;&nbsp; You want results, not excuses. All right, moving&nbsp; on. You're going to want to check your crops. It's&nbsp;&nbsp; really easy to speedrun through this little&nbsp; one step and waste a ton of money on ads that&nbsp;&nbsp; will never work. So to do it, hover over your&nbsp; media, click crop, and adjust square, vertical,&nbsp;&nbsp; and horizontal. Facebook will auto adjust, but&nbsp; you should always double check. And quick note,&nbsp;&nbsp; because believe it or not, Facebook has your back.&nbsp; You can do this both in the wizard and also within&nbsp;&nbsp; the ad after you publish. Next, we'll get to our&nbsp; text and image generation steps. for the text gen.&nbsp;&nbsp; If you have copy you want to use, just go ahead&nbsp; and ignore this. But if you just want to test an&nbsp;&nbsp; idea and don't really know what your copy should&nbsp; be, I fully recommend taking the text of your&nbsp;&nbsp; landing page and using it as a source and letting&nbsp; the Meta AI write you five new sets of copy to&nbsp;&nbsp; use. I've been doing this for nearly a year&nbsp; now, and it's an incredible way to help brands&nbsp;&nbsp; get their first ads running, or to help test new&nbsp; products or go fishing for new angles that you&nbsp;&nbsp; might want to more fully explore later without&nbsp; dedicating a full workflow and team and a ton of&nbsp;&nbsp; resources to the project. And because the machine&nbsp; knows who likes what, the ability for Andromeda&nbsp;&nbsp; to match the right copy with the right person is&nbsp; staggering. This is also killer for brands with&nbsp;&nbsp; a lot of offers and SKs like print on demand,&nbsp; clothing outfits, supplements, general stores,&nbsp;&nbsp; or even drop shippers and affiliates just hunting&nbsp; for opportunity. And now for the image gen. And&nbsp;&nbsp; I'll be honest, the preview Meta gives don't do&nbsp; the tool any justice. You can use this to create&nbsp;&nbsp; a whole suite of options. I've been testing this&nbsp; with meta support now for over a year and I'm very&nbsp;&nbsp; happy to report that these ads absolutely go&nbsp; head-to-head with any AI image maker I've used&nbsp;&nbsp; and a lot of dedicated shops too. When I have a&nbsp; model in the shop, it'll even give me dozens more&nbsp;&nbsp; to choose from. It has contacts to the vertical&nbsp; and other advertisers. It's a cheat code and&nbsp;&nbsp; it's free. And like text gen because the machine&nbsp; knows who responds to what could be creative. The&nbsp;&nbsp; ability for Andromeda to match the right image&nbsp; to the right person again is staggering. Now,&nbsp;&nbsp; you do have to prune away the things that&nbsp; don't work. Don't just blindly trust artificial&nbsp;&nbsp; intelligence. Okay? And yes, sometimes the text&nbsp; gets weird, but I've absolutely used this with&nbsp;&nbsp; brands that only had product vendors and built&nbsp; out complete campaigns that convert and scale&nbsp;&nbsp; using nothing but AI. And again, it was free and&nbsp; took 5 minutes to create the text and the images&nbsp;&nbsp; and to prune the things and launch it. The last&nbsp; option here is the enhancements. There is a huge&nbsp;&nbsp; list of options that you might see depending on&nbsp; what you're doing and where you are. By the way,&nbsp;&nbsp; if you want me to do a video where I break down&nbsp; each one, let me know in the comments down below.&nbsp;&nbsp; But for now, here's a simple checklist of what to&nbsp; use and what to avoid. Yes to visual touch-ups, to&nbsp;&nbsp; relevant comments, to brightness and contrast, and&nbsp; yes to dynamic descriptions. And I highly highly&nbsp;&nbsp; recommend that you avoid enhanced CTAs, overlays,&nbsp; anything to do with image or background or text,&nbsp;&nbsp; music, and never the site links. Again, in the&nbsp; comments, if you have a question about a specific&nbsp;&nbsp; enhancement, I'll be happy to address it. And in&nbsp; Disruptor Academy, I'm finishing up a full cheat&nbsp;&nbsp; sheet for every single enhancement and their&nbsp; formats, use cases, and risk levels. The link&nbsp;&nbsp; is in the description, and we will be raising the&nbsp; price soon. So, get in now if you want it. Now for&nbsp;&nbsp; the first update that really shivers my timbers.&nbsp; You can customize every combination. Crop,&nbsp;&nbsp; placement, copy, URL. Before all the ads in the&nbsp; Flexer Dynamic Creative shared the same settings.&nbsp;&nbsp; Now you can customize each iteration inside the&nbsp; same ad. They've opened up Pandora's box and&nbsp;&nbsp; you can control everything and the opportunities&nbsp; are endless. This is a massive upgrade. You can&nbsp;&nbsp; now control where each creative shows up. For&nbsp; example, you might want one creative in feeds,&nbsp;&nbsp; but not in reels. You might want a specific&nbsp; variation for Instagram and another in Facebook.&nbsp;&nbsp; You might want one set of copy to show up in one&nbsp; place and another to show up someplace else. You&nbsp;&nbsp; can turn off placement at any level of the asset.&nbsp; And with the destination option, you could support&nbsp;&nbsp; multiple funnels in one ad. Perhaps you have&nbsp; three creators and each has their own landing&nbsp;&nbsp; page and give them all the same script. You could&nbsp; route each creative from each creator to their own&nbsp;&nbsp; dedicated funnel in a way that was never possible&nbsp; before. And for the lead genen and SAS folks, you&nbsp;&nbsp; might notice that Instagram mobile traffic behaves&nbsp; very differently than a Facebook desktop. And you&nbsp;&nbsp; can control platform and placement and then route&nbsp; that traffic to a dedicated user experience.&nbsp;&nbsp; This gives you full control without needing&nbsp; separate ads. We have been begging for this since&nbsp;&nbsp; I don't know at least 2018. And also also no more&nbsp; of those annoying carousels. The second update is&nbsp;&nbsp; a wet dream. Finally, you'll get reporting for&nbsp; each element. We haven't seen this since iOS 14,&nbsp;&nbsp; and now it's standard. Now, this is all super&nbsp; exciting, but with great power comes great&nbsp;&nbsp; responsibility. Before you smash publish, you&nbsp; absolutely need to check your previews. So, use&nbsp;&nbsp; the preview option, turn on the ad preview, and&nbsp; hit advanced preview. Look at how each creative&nbsp;&nbsp; variation appears across all the placements in the&nbsp; way that you want it. Because something that looks&nbsp;&nbsp; good in one place might break in another. The&nbsp; more things that you've changed and customized,&nbsp;&nbsp; the more likely it is something's broken. Now,&nbsp; once everything looks good, you just hit publish.&nbsp;&nbsp; And this is where it gets complicated. And that's&nbsp; when I'm going to show you at the end. It's going&nbsp;&nbsp; to be super cool. By the way, if you want to get&nbsp; your hands on these materials, they're free in&nbsp;&nbsp; my community on school disruptor academy. Link&nbsp; is down below. But I'm going to share with you&nbsp;&nbsp; guys now on my screen, which I'm very excited&nbsp; about the campaign structure of how we're going&nbsp;&nbsp; to be testing this. So, we have three general&nbsp; trends. We have the alpha guru spammer style&nbsp;&nbsp; made famous by guys like Jeremy Haynes where you&nbsp; have one [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] campaign with 50 ads in an ad set&nbsp;&nbsp; and then you isolate the winners and dupe the ad&nbsp; set and you launch three new ads at a time until&nbsp;&nbsp; you end up with hundreds of ads that all fatigue&nbsp; quickly. Performance is rarely stable and you're&nbsp;&nbsp; just hunting for any win hoping it works long&nbsp; enough for you to get your money back. Then we&nbsp;&nbsp; have the Sam Hilliero and Ben Heath style which&nbsp; Sam calls the M3 or M4 method which is basically&nbsp;&nbsp; just my bucket based CBO method from 2018 and Tim&nbsp; Bird borrowed it and rebranded it as cloud CBO a&nbsp;&nbsp; year later. This is where you have a CBO campaign&nbsp; with new ad sets launched weekly or so with five&nbsp;&nbsp; to 20 ads in each and spend minimums on everything&nbsp; where you then copy the winners to interest groups&nbsp;&nbsp; and retargeting and retention campaigns and you&nbsp; scale based on platform rorowaz and hope for the&nbsp;&nbsp; best while generating a ton of noise and giving&nbsp; the machine almost no data to truly stabilize and&nbsp;&nbsp; optimize and deliver consistent quality or volume&nbsp; of traffic. And this style absolutely works if the&nbsp;&nbsp; goal is to make the agency report look good&nbsp; right up until the whole funnel is depleted&nbsp;&nbsp; and the whole business tanks because this style&nbsp; usually bets on scaling mid and lowerfunnel ads&nbsp;&nbsp; that fatigue faster and faster without refilling&nbsp; the bucket. And lastly, we have the one campaign&nbsp;&nbsp; method that I invented like 5 years ago and is&nbsp; championed by everyone from Neil Patel to Spencer,&nbsp;&nbsp; the goat of school. Now, the reason they all&nbsp; love it is because this style requires the fewest&nbsp;&nbsp; amount of ads and takes the least amount of work&nbsp; to manage. Instead of day trading the ad account,&nbsp;&nbsp; people can work on their business and enjoy&nbsp; their life. If you're in an operator capacity,&nbsp;&nbsp; this is the easiest way to make a lot more money.&nbsp; And this is what we're going to use for these ads&nbsp;&nbsp; because the one campaign method, unlike the other&nbsp; two, was built on dynamic creative and flex ads,&nbsp;&nbsp; specifically 322 ads, which historically is the&nbsp; most stable and scalable ad type with the least&nbsp;&nbsp; ad fatigue. And this new workflow was built to&nbsp; replace that one best tool. In the modern version&nbsp;&nbsp; of this that we now call Andromeda 1, which is&nbsp; a CBO campaign, we have one ad set with our most&nbsp;&nbsp; consistent ads, no less than four and no more than&nbsp; eight at a time. And using a simple 4PI analysis,&nbsp;&nbsp; we can see which ads are good at their job and&nbsp; which ones aren't. Based on things like daily&nbsp;&nbsp; frequency, spend share, and CPM while optimizing&nbsp; for gross profit per transaction instead of&nbsp;&nbsp; rorowaz. Remember, rorowaz isn't money. You can't&nbsp; pay bills with ratio. You can't buy whiskey with&nbsp;&nbsp; fractions. You need currency. In this build, we&nbsp; have a control ad set of like four to eight ads&nbsp;&nbsp; and then a test ad set using multimedia creative&nbsp; workflow ads. And when we launch new ads in this&nbsp;&nbsp; test ad set within our CBO, we look to see if&nbsp; they earn spend. And if they do, what ads from&nbsp;&nbsp; the control ads set get less spend? And did the&nbsp; overall performance across the entire business get&nbsp;&nbsp; better or worse because of it. This way, we set&nbsp; a baseline. We introduce a change and we measure&nbsp;&nbsp; the impact. It's a simple scientific method. The&nbsp; only real change with this new multimedia creative&nbsp;&nbsp; workflow is that if we wanted to be more granular,&nbsp; we can. And if we don't have any idea what will&nbsp;&nbsp; work and we don't have four to eight good ads&nbsp; yet, we can use the test and image gen tools or&nbsp;&nbsp; the heavy customization options to truly constrain&nbsp; or massively widen the set of options that we are&nbsp;&nbsp; letting the machine make for us. If we know what&nbsp; works, take more control. If we don't, we let the&nbsp;&nbsp; machine do the work. Now that you know how to&nbsp; use the most powerful tool that Facebook has&nbsp;&nbsp; ever built, in this next video, I'm going to show&nbsp; you how to build the best ads you've ever run.

- How To Use Facebook Marketplace 2026 (Step-By-Step For Beginners): Kind: captions Language: en how to use Facebook Marketplace step by step for beginners hey guys welcome back to the YouTube channel today we'll be taking a quick look at how you can get started with selling your products on Facebook Marketplace so let's get into it now presently in 2023 it is required for you to have your own Facebook account if you want to sell on Facebook Marketplace so if you click on any of the marketplace links that you search for on Google they will lead you to the Facebook login page if you do not have a account on Facebook already although I do recommend using your actual account the reason for that is especially if you're not trying to establish a brand if you just want to sell a couple of items or make profit off of you know flipping items then you should use your regular Facebook profile the reason for that is that will lead your profile to have more Integrity it will seem more legitimate so that is a tip that I do have for you guys but if you don't have an account don't worry you can just click on create new account over here and a very simple sign up form that is for Facebook registration which pops up and you can just use it to sign up on Facebook and then you will have your Facebook account so I have my Facebook account over here and you might be wondering where is the marketplace this is just my home feed and all that where do I get the marketplace well if you take a look at the left side of your screen you can see this tab over here and it says Marketplace so you're just going to click on Marketplace over here and just like that this will open up the Facebook Marketplace for your local area now if you click on the settings of Facebook Marketplace you can customize your notifications you have people following you can set a custom buyer message so you have this kind of message that you can automate and send in the settings where you can set a custom buyer message that you can automatically send to multiple different sellers then you have your notifications your inbox so this is the inbox that is going to be regarding selling and then buying so depending on where you are chatting if you uploaded an item it will be shown on the selling section if you're buying an item it'll be showing on the buying section then you have your buying section where you might be interested in something and then you have a selling section then below that you have your filters so you can manage items now if I go back into my Marketplace I can search for any item I want on Facebook Marketplace let's say I just want to search for an iPhone so if I search for an iPhone I have multiple different results over here there are a bunch of different listings and these are all listings that are going to be within my local area this will be set within 65 kilometers of my location you can click on that and you can increase the area as well let's say I want it to be 500 kilometers I don't mind traveling obviously 500 is a lot you want to stay you know within a decent range so 20 to you know 40 kilometers is pretty decent or even more let's say let's go with that 80 kilometers and then I can just click on apply over here and then it will give me more listings that are present within that area you also can set multiple different conditions so in conditions you usually have things like new used used good or used fair then you have the listing time so let's say you don't want to look at listings that were listed you know a very long time ago let's say you don't want listings from you know five weeks ago so you can choose when you want the listing to be from let's say I only want to see the most recent listings of iPhone so I can click on last 24 hours and this will only show me the listings that were listed within the past 24 hours then you also have things like your maximum and minimum price let's say I don't want to exceed a certain budget so for that I can just enter that budget over here and it will filter out any results that are too high now if we go on moving forward this is just where when you are looking to purchase an item what happens when you want to sell an item well to sell an item is also very simple and easy and you guys can see you also have multiple different categories of items it's very helpful if you look in the specific category of items if you're looking to flip items to find good deals and you're not looking for anything specific you just want to browse around instead of searching for one item specifically you can go on ahead and search and you know click on any category and once you click on the category it will show you multiple different products now you will even find a bunch of different free items some of these are not actually free these are just businesses trying to get their name out there so they put out a free listing and when you contact them uh you might get you know the seller selling it but a few of these are actual people that just have you know spare items at home and they just want to sell them so now moving forward uh we will go on ahead and take a look at how you can get started with selling on Facebook Marketplace so the process is pretty much this you know simple I'm just going to go back into your Facebook Marketplace and click on create new listing once you click on create new listing you have to choose what type of listing it is if it is a single item a vehicle or if it's property or a rental property so let's say for most of us it's going to be an item then you will have this preview section of how you want to list your item so first off you need to add photos you can click on over here on the left side of your screen and we will just go on ahead and you know you can take any photo I'm just going to take this photo as a reference so I have one photos and you can add upwards of 10 photos now after that you have your required items where you have to enter the title the price that you are willing to sell it at and then you have to enter ID category so if it's clothing accessories and make sure you're entering the correct category because if you enter the wrong category it will be categorized wrong and sell it or put people that are looking to purchase that item won't be able to find it because they will be looking in the wrong category so this might be entered in furniture or home decor or anything else so let's see over here though moving on let's say we have antique and collectibles then we have the condition let's say it's used and it's in a fairly good condition then you have the Deco style so you can add what kind of Decor it is let's say it's vintage then you can add the country Aboriginal wish time periods from what materials are used all of these details can be a very amazing in describing your item and the better described your item is the more likely it is to sell then you want to enter a good description you can write about the usage and uh you know if you're willing to bargain or not if you are willing to offer delivery if it has to pick it up all those basic details should be provided in the description next up you have the availability it's as a single item or listed in stock so that is the amazing part of using Facebook Marketplace not only can you list it as a single item if you're just selling a bunch of your own items but if you try to launch your business you can also do it from Facebook Marketplace so if it is a new business and you're selling multiple different same you know multiple you're selling you know is starting a business and you're selling products and you have a stock and you can list it as stock but this is for us it's a single item and you can choose to hide it from your friends on Facebook and Messenger as well then you can enter multiple different tags like Furniture wood mirror so on and so forth and then you have your skus if you want to add those then you want to click on next and you can choose to promote that and then just like that you're going to click on publish and your listing will be posted on Facebook Marketplace so that is how simple and easy it is to get started and once you have your listing on it you will be able to share it you can click on Market sold as well you also have this as well view listing edit listing or delete once your item is sold you can click on yes build on Facebook click on next and this will be marked as sold and you can delete the listing if you no longer need it now if you want to purchase items it's pretty much a similar method as well so for that you can go back into your Marketplace let's say I want to buy this item I can click on this and I can send this message directly to the seller and then I can contact them and purchase the item from them so that is how simple it is to use Facebook Marketplace to sell and buy products I hope you guys found this video helpful make sure to leave a like And subscribe to our YouTube channel and I will catch you guys in the next video

- STOP Boosting Facebook Posts | Do THIS Instead: Kind: captions Language: en oh man this is gonna be the best facebook post ever i can't wait to see how many likes i get i might even bring out the happy face background on this bad boy to really jazz it up perfect now there's just one thing left to do hold up stop the beat a minute adam yeah don't you dare touch that boost post button not unless you want to end up angry and alone living under a bridge blaming facebook for what could have been should have been and never was simply because you didn't take the time to find a better way to get your content in front of more people i don't want to live under a bridge weird old professor i don't know what you're supposed to be then come with me and let me show you a better way and the fact is there is a better way if you're thinking about or are currently boosting posts on facebook i'm going to show you an alternative that will not only get you better results but they will also give you more control more feedback and more opportunities with very little extra effort so now let me show you how it's done starting by answering one of the most important questions of all what exactly is a facebook boosted post anyway well according to facebook boosted posts are ads you create from posts on your facebook page and that's really the biggest key here a boosted post starts just like any other old regular organic post on your facebook page but then through the magical power of boosting you turn it into an ad which means you spend money to show it to more people because as we all know organic reach on facebook is pretty much gone but if organic reach is dead then isn't boosting posts the only way to get your content in front of more people and to that i say nay or no cause not a horse but i am a man with a plan which means that no matter what goal i'm trying to achieve i'm always looking for the best and most effective way to do it and in no scenario or situation is boosting posts a better plan when compared to running a simple facebook ad campaign that's set up properly right from the beginning you see with a boosted post you create a post and then you can boost it and spend money on it if you want but putting money behind a post and turning it into an ad is often an afterthought something that comes up once you're done writing it which means you probably don't have a clear intention in mind for what you wanted to do and what success would even look like i mean is it enough that more people see it or do you want them to actually do something and if so what is it and how are you going to track and measure that on the other hand when you create an ad using the facebook ads manager your intention is different right from the beginning you know full well going into this thing that you're going to be spending money and that attitude changes the amount of time and energy and thought that you put into your content not to mention boosting a post today is a lot more complicated than it once was so you're still going to need to think about targeting and placements and budget but when you boost a post you're going to be doing all of this after you've posted your content which is completely backwards there are a few more other practical reasons to avoid boosting posts as well as well as some key differences between just boosting a post and running a proper facebook ad so first let's talk about audiences when you boost a post facebook is going to ask you who you want to target and they may even suggest a smart audience which is their best guess based on how you set up your facebook page more often than not though this smart audience is very dumb because it may not align with your specific campaign your content or what you're trying to achieve the other issue is placements these change all the time but you're significantly more limited when boosting when compared to setting something up inside facebook ads manager and having just an absolute ton of options to choose from there which also means you can be more selective about what placements you don't want to spend money on but the biggest factor of all of them has to do with the objective of your advertising campaign and 90 of the time when you're spending money on ads it should be done in the form of something called direct response marketing which is marketing that's designed to get an instant response by your prospect in regards to getting them to take some kind of specific action in other words direct response marketing is very goal-oriented and those goals are typically very easy to track and to measure and to manage the alternative to direct response marketing is something known as brand awareness marketing here the goal is a little more fluffy ethereal ephemeral what's the difference between ethereal and ephemeral so brand awareness marketing is more fluffy and ethereal and ephemeral and it's harder to track brand awareness marketing is important to a point but it isn't usually as goal focused on something like increasing sales or providing some kind of direct and trackable metric this is why this kind of brand awareness marketing is typically reserved for those big billion dollar brands who have a large budget and can afford to be a little more casual and loose with their advertising dollars still not very smart but for most businesses though when you boost a post or run an ad or spend any kind of money on your marketing whatsoever you'd better be sure that you're measuring your results and making sure that you're getting something back in return that's of equal or greater value to the money you're spending more commonly known as roi or return on investment or in the case of advertising row as or return on ad spend and the best way to make sure that the money you're spending on ads is actually delivering something of value back in return is by setting up something known as a conversion campaign inside the facebook ads manager with a conversion campaign you can still choose your targeting and placements and ad copy and all of that but what you're telling facebook is that what really matters to you here what's really important is getting somebody to actually take action and do something this could be to download a lead magnet to send you a message to book a call or even to buy something directly from the ad this does require an additional step of downloading and installing a tracking pixel but that's easier now than ever before and i'll put a link in the descriptions below that'll show you exactly how to do it but if all of this sounds a little overwhelming don't worry you don't actually need ads to grow a business which is why i've linked up a video right here on my number one organic marketing strategy so make sure to check it out now and i'll see in the next video the solution is to use a combination approach known as peso which stands for paid earned shared and owned so let me break those down for you now paid media is wait for it anything that you

- Facebook Full Course: Grow FB Page 0 to 50K Followers Organically & Make Money (1Lakh/Month): Kind: captions Language: en Be it entertainment, blogging or anything Facebook is the perfect platform for All types of content for all types of businesses Facebook is the number one choice for creators. Today in this one video we will learn that How to optimize your Facebook Promote your business and your content To do and not just that Facebook But if you make contact then Facebook Facebook also gives you money for that. It is also monetized like YouTube. and this is being seen in today's time If I talk about the growth of content creators If I say so, Facebook is also a very good option. We have it, whether you are for business purposes want to reach your audience or Both ways for content purposes If Facebook is the perfect platform for you In this video, we first show how A profile is created on Facebook. How is the page created and how do we optimize it? Do it so that we can monetize it How will our Facebook page be monetized? Along with this, how to create content that will be visible on Facebook When will it be posted? How to write captions? Is # How to research which hashtag to use have to do and along with this we will talk How to count the number of followers of friends in a group over and your business or your content You can reach more people If you are using Facebook then this is completely organic. The course is going to be held i.e. this particular Whatever techniques are taught to you in the course You are willing to pay anything for it. If not, then if you choose the Facebook option If you want to learn then you have come to the right place. Watching videos on video and If you like the video, please like it Please let us know in the comment section What are the courses you want to see? Or if you have any query, please comment. If you can tell us about the area, let's go then Let's start the video and if you Anything related to digital marketing If you want to do a course then I have brought it for you. Advanced Marketing Practicals and Self Pest Forces Now Whether You Disturb Do you want to learn marketing or just So either YouTube or PDS then these All courses are available to you. have to visit Our website link to courses.ws.com You will find it in the description box. Where you can go and get our expert created courses you can check out and all of these The courses come with a certificate which Which is valid all over India [music] Today we are going to talk about Facebook. Why is Bhaale a perfect platform? Let's talk about marketing, let's talk about branding do it or else If I talk about overall business growth And this is our complete Facebook optimization. There is a course whose playlist link is given to you. You will find it right in the description box. This course is free, so make sure your saree is ready. Watch the video and learn Facebook options. Let's start with the first thing we'll talk about Facebook's audience is like Facebook's world. The third most dangerous person website and if I go to social media If I talk about the platform, then it is the world's most Social media that killed him more platform and comes second YouTube of course and currently on Facebook if If I talk about indirect three billion Monthly active users around one time It used to be that the one who was most on Facebook The users were the youth but in today's time There is nothing in me where other If I talk about the platform, there But you will get more youth and the rest will come later. People I especially liked who became scenery citizens But this is not the case on Facebook. Almost all the people ahead are almost equal. You will find that there is youth here too. But there are also scenery citizens here in the middle There are people ahead, so even if your target audience Facebook can be a date for any further You can do this and many more on the perfect platform The platform is female and female The fibers are quite high in any But there are more female users on some There are more mails but on Facebook this You absolutely need to worry about something There is almost no difference between female and male fibers It is similar here, so even if your target Is the audience male, female, or both? If so, Facebook is the perfect platform for you. On Your Marketing On Your Branding Your Business Let's talk about something else like this Things that make Facebook very different makes the agenda for us further well Mercator also makes it very useful and If you have a business, is it like this? There are facts due to which Facebook can be is your rape platform so first of all like we talked Audiences that are types of people are what people are Only active people are using Facebook and saree Here as well as on Facebook Marketing It's Cost Effective and I am not talking about today here. I'm talking about organic growth Because here you can post anything. If so, it will give its interested audience a chance to The post is shown to the target audience And Facebook's algorithm similarly reduces If it does, it costs a lot. It is very effective and gives you extra You don't need to invest any money, you just You will have to be creative with this, Facebook Viral on and across platforms The potential is very high, that is, if If you post regularly then its chances There are many times when you know that someone or the other is yours. The post will go viral with this too Facebook Gives you multi-format content There is no specific size You can just post pictures or You can find pictures of every size here. Facebook also has video and story formats. If it is available then Format is the content that you upload and Keep the audience engaged as much as possible Along with this, by posting regularly Your posts on Facebook reach people. reach and thereby your brand Visibility needs to increase and that's all. Not that you are posting and those people He is getting the complete text of your post. Analytics gives you complete and sites give you You get it on the basis of which you can plan your future. can think in big and at the same time I suppose you are very good on Instagram. He is performing very well on YouTube. If you are performing then you can share your views on Facebook. Cross-platform access to other social media platforms You can promote your business on Facebook. You can promote your video on Facebook. But well, ahead with your Instagram post You can promote it on Facebook here But by sharing it, people can make big claims about their channel. I will tell you about my advisories After telling, it is perfect for cross promotion also. This is the perfect platform as well. Let's talk about Facebook. Why is it important to do optimization? So just Like other platforms Facebook This is important because it is your Increases the visibility of your post Visibility Your profile's visibility increases and when visibility increases If it reaches most of the people then obviously The thing is, engagement will also increase when people like it. We will do our videos, our pictures If you share or comment then Facebook The algorithm similarly reduces the number of More engagement gives them more engagement On this basis, they post our photos. If you want to reach a large number of people, If you have properly optimized content Increase visibility and increase visibility So engagement will increase. Engagement will increase. to more and more people Our content will be accessible and when more If our content reaches people then it will We will get hai ro i i.e. return on Investment and climbing are always yours It's going to be good because this Completely organic so I hope in all Considering the factors and what we have today In this video I have told you some things about Facebook. Knowing the special thing I told you, you Coming to Facebook and Facebook Optimization Seeker Facebook and use it to grow your business They will also promote their brand. Organically So when you create a profile on Facebook When you create an account, you have two options. First you either delete this profile convert to professional mode and The second option is to have as many as you want. If you can create a page, then take it like your mother. Created a profile on Facebook After making it, if you put it on a professional board If you convert it into that then the profile will be created from there. People will go into a professional mode. People will be able to follow you and connect with you. With this you will get your content If you want to monetize by sharing If you are eligible and apply, you will You can also do that for content but those Your profile was just the same converted What will happen, it will go into professional mode But if I talk about the Facebook page, The Facebook page is with a different identity It will be created with a different name, it will be created with a different name. Bio will be different, profile picture will be different There will be a tax page, so now the matter has come here to create a Facebook page or professional mode Then we'll understand after that, okay? See how to change it Professional Mode On is for everyone who that there is an individual okay the day before yesterday s And the day after tomorrow he wants to spread his brand want but Facebook page of those people who can make his business his brand Or want to promote your blogs? To reach as many people as possible When you want a profile to be professional mode automatically Those who are your friends are your followers. That means your connections are made but This doesn't happen with a Facebook page. When you create a new Facebook page, you Share this page with friends and those people follow you Only if they become your followers then this is a There is a big difference with this, if I Talking about the Facebook page, the content here Chances of going viral are higher Whereas if I talk about normal Facebook In a way, this is about professional mode. profile itself but it's a little Professional account has been created but here But you also have the option to You can also do private and professional mode Those who have a profile can make it private Yes, you can hide this from people only you Your post is your connections You will be able to see the activities with this This is the biggest difference between Facebook professionals. In the mode you will get any kind of analytics. Or the Insights option is not available Rather, you get this option on Facebook page So if you want to plan your future content Do you want to plan any campaign? If you want to plan, it is possible. You will find it only on Facebook page with this Multiple people can access the same Facebook page Yes, you can also do this from creator mode. That is, it can be managed with sweet peas also. You can do it but Facebook Professional Mode designed for an individual He has only one time, the day after tomorrow. He can do that, so let's go now. on Facebook and make your profile look professional Let's see how it changes the mood. If yes, then look at my profile right now. I just created this account, okay? These three here on the right hand side You can see the dot, click here. Will do and the last option is turn on Professional Mode: If you click here Let's look at Facebook You will get all these things, so let's go If you turn on here, you Click on Start Exploring And let's see what else we find. Okay, so what do we get from this? that we are going to gather our audience, meaning you are going to gather your audience. that can get audiences going without a single page. Create this, along with this we are a creator. Anyone can follow you, your public can view your content and also It also helps in your discovery and If you create content and partners Monetization policy means that which is Facebook's There is a criteria for eligibility, you If you complete this then you can get Rs. 10000 for your content. You will also get money for running ads on it. The rest of us are ahead in the coming days of Facebook monetization. If we talk about it in the video then install it. Make sure you are connected and not even a single video If I don't do it, you can see here that Something that this was my outlook, which was my That profile change has been done here. The About area has been over the option A photo and video group has been uploaded here. Option A has been given separately, apart from that add The option A in the bio is about the editor's hobbies. All these things are coming here, you can see Yes, you would have been something else besides this. Which is a Facebook page or a Facebook profile Butter is made from it as it is edgier than Get More Followers Give Getting Friends On On Facebook profile or Facebook page It is easy to get followers but Facebook It would be difficult to find friends on the profile because they need people to know what you profile is that of the caste of recommenders who How do you know you or your Do you belong to the area your business is located in? You belong but not everyone has a Facebook page. It gets recommended on Facebook the day after tomorrow He himself wants your Facebook page to be accessible to those people. Reached till Ji Nishk is your page and which If you have an interested audience, then on the Facebook page It is easy to follow, besides that I saw the button which is there tomorrow. Action buttons are what take you to the profile But you don't get it on your profile, just send messages. This is the Add Friend button, but on the page You have to like Contacts Visitor Website Mail Message All these methods tomorrow you You get action buttons, which we will discuss further below. We will talk about this in the video as well. Also you can manage many pages. You can, but if I talk about profiles then you will be able to move from one profile to another If you want to go to the profile, you will have to log out. People will have to do it in these other IDs. So you can manage your previous profile. You won't be able to do it, but not with the page. If you have 10 pages then you can use the same clip You can switch between the two and get the new Pay If you can manage what you have, Management of Facebook page is easy. Also, if you have a Facebook page, you There are a lot of Facebook business apps. Like scheduling apps became planning. Apps are done, Metabus is done, they are done too. Access that your business needs Promote your page to promote It takes a lot for him to To create a Facebook page, first you need to go to facebook.com facebook.com When you come, you will have to login like this It is being asked if you already have Have a profile or account on Facebook So you can enter your email address and phone number here. You can login here by entering your password. You can, but as I said From scratch I'm going to tell you exactly So now you have to create new here. Click on account then create new After clicking on the account, this detail Which is your name here, your surname, mobile number Number Password Date of Birth Your Gender File everything away, remember this is still with us. Not creating a Facebook page, just Facebook. We are creating an account and then through this only we Next, we will create a Facebook page here. Let's understand a few things about Facebook account If you created it under some other name or you I have been created with my personal name, so Facebook You created the page under a completely different name. There is no such role, okay? Let me quickly file this away. Am We have filed all the details, so now Here I received a code on my email ID. If you have received a verification code, enter that code as well. I'll add it here, you can see it now. Yes, this profile has been created here. And here are some suggestions friends. So if you have any of these friends If you have entered your own number then here But your friends etc. will come otherwise These people will come here randomly. I'll skip this for now and move on. Now let's move this to your profile. Profile for posting pictures etc. If he is asking you to complete it, then you see You can create your profile here. But if it looks like this, you can see it like this Your profile is here now. If yes, then put a profile picture and Then move forward So look, I have posted my profile here. I have uploaded the picture quickly, alright now This profile of ours is less, this profile of ours is less You can add friends etc. It won't affect the page, but What happens is when we create a new page. So first of all we should tell our friends If you send someone to follow you, then whoever A starting number of followers of the page we get it from there okay so now See, to create a page you will go here There is a page option on the left hand side. You have to click here Click here After doing this, whatever your existing You will see the pages here which are have also created their pages from this account and You can create multiple pages from one profile. Like I created this account in this I have created many pages and am Shakti, so right now I am here But no page is coming so I I'm going to create new here. After doing this, the first thing I will ask you is If your page name is there then look at the page name. Just your name here, this much recommendation The name of the page should be as per the type of content you post. Keep it related to the person with whom you are going to do it. The audience should not be confused at all on your page Okay, so let's start with the page here. I am naming the marketing okay this is the page I wrote here and if I talk about page names If the length is up to 75 characters, then your page can be can you write a little one of mine The suggestion here is that the name of the page is If you add even a word of your determination to it Dal dena to dat wud be amazing like food Gaming Tech If there are some words like this If yes, then it will be very good after that. Next is which category is your page? If you are looking for fruit in the category then here you will find The bread category of your page Here you have to file like if I Registered marketing related videos are made So here we are marketing people. In this way you will search as soon as you hit So a lot of marketing related Options will appear, you can choose one of them. You can, okay, besides that I'll give you a little I would like to tell you something else as if you had seen it. If you get marketing then see If there is no marketing then I just You will have to do the marketing Hajj or you will You can also keep education if you have education Related to this, you are giving this kind of option. So here I am for now. I do marketing like this And you can also choose more than one category here. If you can do something, mix it up. There is a bread category, you can find two or three of them here. Select it, your caste is A here. Bio to this would be an shot description About Your Page What you do on this page If you provide then mixer here also Do that keywords related to your niche which If you add it here then we will quickly Write a small bio after this If I write a bio, then remember the bio. You have to do it within 100 characters. If I have to file it here then I can quickly file it. I will write a bio, okay, so I have written a lot I have written a short and simple bio here. That this page bill provide you with d Latest tutorials and tips related to you Digital marketing is 100% okay. So we're a little bit bountiful here now this After doing this you create your page here you can see a little bit about this This is how the page name will look like. The page's bio will appear. If so, create a We do this here on the page Later some more information will be given to you here. Your contact details are as follows: Phone number Your email address Now remember when Till then you would like this whole thing not to show If you wish, these things will be shown and People can contact you here. Give your location here, then this Mostly it is done for billing purposes It is curable in AIDS and along with this, Avers What voice do you use at this location? If you remain available then for once you Always open it and you can also give the address immediately. If you have a business page, this means You have a physical shop and it has to be called a physical shop. If you are creating this page then you are exact You can enter the address of AdWise, a service page Or if it is a normally blocked page then you can You can put in your rough address, okay, so can I. I'm going to do the same with this one right now. Post a link to your website here You can also add your email address here. and then we will move forward now you will get ad I want to do profile picture, okay so generally Whatever your people are, business or any other You can also have a separate profile picture for it. If you want to keep it customized then you can do that too You can keep me now, only me The Blue SP logo in Squash Up I am putting it here and let you put it on There is a covet photo, okay so take a photo. You can create a very easy camera on Canva. If you want to learn completely then description In the box, you get Canva's complete You will also get a tutorial, so that too is mixed. And if you look at it, I will do anything right now. I am posting this page here randomly. By the way Facebook is like a car and I will give you size Let me tell you, date is 1640 by 924, so make Sir, please upload your Facebook account in this size. I created a tax page, so look here. But this tax page has also been put up as a profile. I have put up the picture and also written the name. And I have also written the bio, okay after this I now have an action button here, on this we If you click, let's see, now look here But there are a lot of action buttons, you can just Please note that the first book is okay. Now book an appointment like you, mother. Want to make any kind of booking If you want to get it done, you will take action tomorrow. You can add a 'No' button if you want. Sign Up Also Start Ordering Here will open a website on Ristro or Then a menu will show you Viewshop OK If yes, then your products etc. will be opened here. Whether yours will be open or not Get your website landed here too You can get your tickets here. He has the power to get a ticket to the page which is You will put the URL and send the message, this is also a Tomorrow you are action, this is the default, tomorrow you are action Apart from that, you can send WhatsApp messages You can also connect on WhatsApp. If you click on this, what follows is WhatsApp number and details will have to be given tomorrow You can also get a no tomorrow button installed but For this, first you have to provide your contact details i.e. You will have to provide your phone number and send your email contact. That page of the website will open here. Where you can see all the information about your contacts. If yes, then I am going to reduce it, however, you can do it in these I do anything from contactless This is the action here tomorrow. I am going to select it, apart from that you will see You can open any group you want be it bye or reserve no this sari thing I'm just going to send you to the contacts page. I want to know what I'm going to do here now The contact information of your website This is a page, I simply copied its URL. I will put the link here so date anyone The day after tomorrow, when the contact clicks on it What will he get? He will land this on me. okay so now you can see here Yes, we will click on Next and move ahead. Let's move, after that I am here that WhatsApp should be linked to your page. Connect Karo which is an very good option Because we came to promote our business. and also WhatsApp Business if you are here want to bring someone from the same clip the day before yesterday If I interact with you on WhatsApp You can do that too, for this you just Enter your WhatsApp phone number here. Okay, and the code will come, you add the code here. If you do so, your WhatsApp button will also be visible here. I'll skip that for now. With this the next option is build. Your Page Audience because what I just did A profile has been created in my name, Harmeet Kaur No friends edited by name Otherwise all the friends here would have come To whom I can suggest this page of mine I am Shakti, please follow this page Your friends etc. who are here You can send them your page, you can follow them. This is fine, so right now I also have to add Friends. If not, then I will move ahead and Also, these are your page notifications that You can enable or disable and was Our page profile has been created. And this is our page that is ready. If we look at it a little bit, then some of this This is how the page will appear to you: This is your name, this is your logo. Okay, after that here you All posts will be about you. The area will be your mention here as many Whoever has given you comments or any Your reviews are mentioned in the post. Your followers will be related to you. Photos and many other things will be included here. Okay, so let's talk about it in detail. We will do its settings and also its details. I will understand but I hope in this video today You've done well creating a page from scratch. Shikha will be So look at this, we have come to our On the Facebook page, Joe's Last Class I made it here, now here it is. See, Facebook page and profile are different. Okay, if you are looking for profiles You can go and check your profile but we Directly on the page ok now on this page Inside this here on the left hand side here But this option is available here, you can see it here. Yes and in this option, at the last The settings are just above here. Option A is Edit Page Info, on this we Click here and you will see that Complete information of your page should be open and now we'll file this quickly We will update our page so date He should be ready to reach out to the people. So, first of all, your name is there. You can change the name here but Always remember one thing if you have any The property has been named exactly Brand replica has been added along with this If official etc. such words are dale So brother-in-law, there are chances that your stomach will If it gets suspended then that is why only the page Focus not on the content but on the name From now on we have to keep in mind that any We follow the community guidelines Don't violate, okay, after that your A goes to username so here's your one Understand it this way, create a URL will be facebook.com/@somethingwhatever your username If we keep it, we have to keep it properly. So let's see what I'm going to do with this username. You should not put @ here because It will already be available, so you can enter your username here. You can write this along with yours here But the description i.e. the bio of your channel So here also I would suggest you that You're only 7200 characters anyway. Here we can write in 255 characters. But you can write your own in 7200 characters only. Write the description, mix it and do it That words related to your content must be included in it. Let me make one thing clear here. I will give you keywords in social media Research does not play such a big role, only you He has to write such words which can fill a page. While describing, okay, so I Write a very short description here. I have taken it but you can change it according to your needs. Tax can be paid after that in categories Yes, the categories will also change from here. If you have contact information, please go here. You can enter your contact information and You can also add your WhatsApp phone number if you Want to give your clients a button like this? Yes, but he is chatting your WhatsApp with each leg. But A Jain or directly that message to you If you can do it by going to WhatsApp then you can do that too Business people can do web business from here. This is a very good option for those who have pages. If you have it then make it your own sir WhatsApp phone number is a business If you have WhatsApp, please add it here. Then enter your email address If you go here, you will enter your official email address. Enter what you want to show people. If your website gets posted here, I First, I will enter my email address. After that your website will be here. If you go, quickly create your own YouTube site. If I give you the URL of my website Enter it, your address will be posted here. So I'm giving a rough address, but If you have an exact physical shop Where you want to take people Enter the exact address Along with this, any phone number of yours from late No, there is no WhatsApp number If you don't have a website and no location, you You can click on this to date my page country note Have an location ok with this as well as service This is the area, this is the service area. If it is specifically for physical business then you You can add your area here. be and like per example I am from Jodhpur, I can put 10 areas of Jodhpur Hair Apart from that, if you are in a big state If you serve it then Puri Puri State or else You can also add the names of some cities. So right now I'm going to do the same thing here. It's like one location went to another location we I give it to you like okay, this is how I did it Apart from the two locations I have listed here Hours again this is also for a type of business The question is which awards are you open to? So I always keep it open because Our business is mostly online. If you want to add any other selected They will also come here Along with this, if mother supposes that somehow services that you cannot provide If you are staying here or have recently added You can change that from here, okay? Along with this, if any other information like your Privacy Policy Specially Per D Business Which is in any kind of commerce field There are added like mother low return related Previously policy or anything like that You can add it if you have a website. If it has a privacy policy, you can You can copy the link and add it here. After that there is an option Impression The legal details of the business contained in it Like numbers, their actual address, legal address Contact Information That saree has come but Nothing like this happens in India, so you You can leave this ETV and give some of your money. If there are products here then in their big You can enter information from someone else. Get information in the larger section of your page If you want about the area then you can do that here. But you can add it after that the price What is the range of your page, now why this Because this will let people know that brother How many pages are on your page and your average price She lives specially like a mother in a cafeteria If there are restaurants then you can check them here. You can choose as they are using I will suggest you something moderate Do it, okay, apart from that, which one It is accepted that this is what you deal in. That you will go here, someone else besides him You have accounts, they also want to mention you. Like on Example's Instagram If I have an account then I will also take it from the website. I am here but you can directly share it on Instagram You can also go to and copy it, okay? I posted this on Instagram and you posted it directly. also coming to Instagram and like this you are Copy and enter your username like this You can put it, okay, I just entered the username. I have taken it, this has become Instagram and no one else Platform if you want to add like Instagram Twitter you want to add like If yes, you can add Twitter as well. We also have to enter the username, so I also I am doing it here, someone else besides him Platform you want to add here Snapchat YouTube TikTok WhatsApp Ye Saree So, here are the things you can do There is no Save button after Meaning, this has happened automatically from what it is. Pet, let's quickly go and check out our page. Let's take it all, you can see it here. Whatever changes we made are here. I haven't added the username yet. because I have a little too much for him I will be eligible only if I read the post. So go to the About area and collect as much as you want. The information is in the larger part of this page of yours. We have just updated it, you can find it here You can see that I have got a lot All changes have been made but here the saree You can find the information here So first of all we will talk about what is in balm What to write, then we will see How to change your bio on Facebook If you can do it or write it then best First let's talk about the character limit here. So the character limit of Facebook bio it happens it happens So you have to make sure that 250 characters Write down all the things that you Forward to Facebook, forward to the page you are on A visitor will come and you want to tell them both So first of all let us start our biography He will do it with Welcome or Hello or I will do it with a hi because someone will visit your page the day after tomorrow. If you have visited then OBC I am like you Welcome to us and everyone so first of all hello or We will add welcome like welcome you Our XAS Page Ok Full Name of the Page You have to write it down and then I will tell you this. What are they or what do we do? You have to line this up, let me finally give it to you You want to talk about your products and At the very end, you have to add a Strong tomorrow you want to take action Ask people what they should do on your page. Come follow him and visit his website If I contact you then it will be clear tomorrow. Whatever action you have to give along with this Tell us what we have to write in every bio to understand how we are different from others and What can we give to a user? First let's talk if you are a business the day after tomorrow Do you have any business or any furniture? Ka Handicraft Ka Home Interior Ka Interior designing or real estate If there is any kind of business then for business How to write a bio, so a quick guide on this Let's see the sample, so here you have a For example, you can see the date on the screen. Devar Way RXA S Interior And Decorator and team of designers and decorators in Mumbai Make ur space look great way great lovely And practical space date match off Personality and style here In a stylish start, we have explained that what are we called, who are we, what do we do This thing should be done in the beginning and If you noticed, I did it twice. What I have is Decorator Integral Design These words are what you have done, after that I told you how we are different from others. Now our next step is tomorrow, you are taking action, date it If you want to make a single room look buttery And They Do Your Whole Home and Business They Are Every You help, here we have told you that we Home Interiors Age Well Age Business Interiors Further we also deal in these office interiors Just Get in Touch with Us and Let's Break History Tu life now here we clearly mentioned We have done that, are you giving action tomorrow? Contact us now Contact us now Go through the message and go through tomorrow. But if we need context then this is one of our First the example is done, now let's talk are of a block or late that your one There is a page where you can give some ideas. Be it a food recipe or something divine You are telling people how to do something, you are teaching them So how do we write a bio for that? Let us see an example of this too. See I made a bio for a food page I have written this in a very short and simple manner. And a little bit of a fan element is added to it, so As you can see it looks something like this Dewar Spice Lovers Welcome To Excise Ware They Pat D This and This Indian Food Recipes Are so easy and your cat jump make them okay so Now here for spice lovers, Yummy Indian food Food Recipe These words are okay with you RN Beginners Season Pro They Have Go Joe D Recipe Date Bill Make You Look Like An Masterchef ad this is bill make you taste but Du uncle, I said a little here. If you have added a fan element, you can do this as well. Daily recipes on can you dry followers Inspiration and Let's Get Cooking So Here What auto action have I given we gave You can follow our page here. Okay, so this is also an example for you. So with this, let's move on to the next example. Let's take this page for some funny page. for or late some page in which some entertainment is happening okay so that You will also get an example so can you Can create an bio on your on page today well So the next example here is a for a page in or for a page that Those who post funny content, so here Way start welcome you excise where they Create Desi Mean Date Bill Make You Love Okay, so what we did here is First of all, you gave action yesterday for follow. And the second date that we have added is Share our content like this You can create a bio like I don't say date this Whatever I have shared with you as an example of this perfect You have written a lion but in 250 characters You can be as creative as you want. Maybe you use a lot more butter than this Bio Lake So let's go to Facebook now And let's see how we can share our information. The area is here like we do on Facebook bio They also tell you how to edit it, then you To change your Facebook page bio You have to go to your Facebook page and here you You will see the option here at the very end. If it is edited then this is the procedure for editing your profile. There is an option here, if you go then this will also be available for you. Here is your profile picture. See that photo at the bottom here. If the option of Bio is A then we click on the Edit button. We will click and here our page will be displayed. This is the bio, we will paste it, so see Here we have added our bio. and we'll do it this way and Thoughts IT Your bio has been added It is here, if you want it, you can also put it on Sher No. By clicking and with people in your big Apart from what you can do, if you If you go here in the area then about you wala area here so here also You can add these things like Mom, look, I added something here. Diya and if we do this also then this also To tell Facebook which channel we are on This thing is in the big one, please add it here. A slightly buttery version of what is now I am reducing the size of the Facebook page. If it is a version then you will get to see a lot of new things. It may be possible, okay, this happens many times Like character length if I talk about bio If I do it for someone, even in 1000 characters Bio is being written for someone 100 It is also happening in character and for someone The basic limit is 250 characters. So a little bit of what you have in it Pay attention because things are a little Facebook is changing its updates a lot. If you are bringing it quickly then make sir According to that, whatever you are learning Too many action buttons on a Facebook page It is available on other platforms The feature is not even available and if If we look at Instagram also, there But one or two action buttons are available. But now I'm going to tell you that Too many action buttons on Facebook If it is available then you can buy it according to your requirement. You can give your business a boost by doing So let's go to our Facebook page. You can see this is exactly the page I have created. For you, in this course itself, our Facebook's complete option course is going on This is why I made it so special I will tell you everything practically. By the way, this course is completely free. Link to the playlist in the description box will get it So after coming to the page, you will be here You will see the option of Add N button, option A is there. There is no button right now, so here But this option is available on the add up button. If you click here you can see it Look how many buttons are available like First, let me tell you the categories. Then you can choose whatever you want according to your choice. first of all follow button okay so follow The button is now here with this in with this in this a new Option has come date it you gift card if You have a website where you can give gifts You can buy the card or late as per your Business gift cards on a website If you find it, you can find its link here. I will apply it as I select it. They You will need to add a link to your website. After that I start order like specialty restaurants that are These types of hotels are available here. You have to land on the page where people You can order food Like, take someone's restaurant on Zomato If it is available late then it is from Zomato. The link will be added here the day after tomorrow. So with just one click he will land on Zomato to the page where you can find it You can order food from the restaurant tomorrow no very simple here you will find your phone You have to enter the numbers one by one, from the day after tomorrow. You can contact us here The website page will appear where the contact details will be displayed. All the information is written, it is fine Apart from that, send message, this is the message This of course will not go to your messenger. Automatic response here as well You can fix that when someone tells you like this Please message me like this available here If you lick it, you may get an automatic response. You are available there to reply. Apart from that you have other questions also. If you can add then the user will have the option Do they want to send you questions? Like you want to ask the price of something are charged for your services So on this, send WhatsApp message along with it So you will have to enter your phone number. With whom your WhatsApp is connected, then business For this, I will give this advice You can find the WhatsApp Business number here. But you can send it by WhatsApp Want to see a complete business course? You will find it in the description box for free. You will get the link and then send it. Email: You will enter your email address here. So from the same clip someone directly the day after tomorrow his email will open his Gmail will open and Your email address is there. He will just write a message to you and send it. Along with this, Learn More can also help you There is no space in the business sector. If you have a privacy policy, you can find it here. But he can put a link to the website. Let him up with this from your late any application Download it and pay fine, apart from that you can play Game Late is a website from where One can play the game watch the video here You can also upload your YouTube videos. Your video on YouTube or any channel Available on this as well as shop on website So if your website is such i-commerce So the products that are your product pages You can find links to the category pages here. If you can add it with one click then I will tell you I am going to give you one tutorial, the rest It is very easy, you can try it You can contact us according to your If there is an option like that, you can see it here. like my website is our The Richards page on the website, that is Date this contractors page so I'm going to I will copy this link here. I will add it, okay, and I will do it from I will give you now see I have put the page here button I have already applied it, so now you can test it also. You can see this if you click on it. There is an option of test button on this page now It will open and you can see it like this. This contact page has already been uploaded, meaning this Our page is working, okay this You can change it as well as delete it. You can edit it, so this button You have posted it, you can delete it anytime. You can edit and change it. If you can, whatever for every business Because the leads are different, Whatever lead is there for you, you can click that button here Apply it as you wish for example More people can access your e-commerce Shop Jain and your products on the website So the button with shop no is an action button. You will apply it if you want more and more The more followers you have, the bigger your page. But you will keep the follow button on. Today we will talk about some Facebook pages. Let's start with the important settings. Let's go to the Facebook page, see this. You can find our Facebook page here I just created a page that Only for you as you do well Learn this very practical Facebook option. If you want to see the complete Facebook option If yes, then in the description box you You will get the link of the playlist of Saree Videos See this completely free updated course. The course is available to you, alright. So where will the settings come, look left. On the hand side you will find the settings here. The option is visible, now I will click a small button here. I will clear all your confusion That this is the option that you are seeing right now This R profile, okay, this is our profile. Like we can say we have a Facebook account Okay, now this page of ours in this profile Which you can do by going to the page area. You will get it, okay, we saw this completely. How to create a page from a profile So you can watch that video. In the description box you will see the playlist You will get the link and then you will be redirected to the page. okay then go to the left hand side If you brown it at the end, then here But there is edit page info, I have made a separate I have made a video for you from this Also there is a video of settings, so we open it. Let's do the settings and each setting one by one If you understand it easily then now here is the most First are the General Settings like Page visibility is where you can view your page. Publish or publish those that you can So many people do this that when their page Is there construction going on inside or is it still there? Is it optimizing or has a problem occurred? If so, they can make it public. Only your managers, your owners Only they will be able to see the page, the rest will be public. for no one will see okay Apart from that, visitor post now this visitor What is the post that if you want someone to I also visited your page the day before yesterday and posted something. If you do this, you will find that setting here. You can allow them here and disallow them If yes, then the best setting in it is She lives review post by other before Devar public place you your page is fine then I'm removing this allow and just this You are enabling this setting. What happens that you are talking here? If someone posts the day after tomorrow, then first I will review it and then I if I It is correct so that no one can post anything the day after tomorrow. Don't do this on your page now here next The setting is that your page that you can target your audience Do you want to narrow it down? What does narrowing mean? It happens that you only give it to those people You want to show off your Facebook. This page is just your post Show them to people who care about you If there is a relevant audience then I will tell you this I will suggest which one to keep off. Because sometimes when a post goes viral So we don't know by which ordinance If we get more engagement then okay then we Keep it off and then Auto-generated video caption subtitles in That your video is of automatic So let it get generated, okay, so I What should I do, I should tick like this Because obviously if If generated for automatic It's a good thought, but next, after that There is an option Auto Create Release what is in it It will happen that if you publish any video I will do it on my Facebook page. will automatically convert to a rail And as you know, real but rich. Comparatively, this option, if you want, and You can keep it alert by keeping it off. You can keep the next setting on. In this it is being asked to create Release with video li de 60 seconds if 60 Posted any video less than seconds If it is gone then it will be automatically released. Convert with this in next Your settings are post and story sharing That is, if you want people to like your posts and Share the story, okay, so you can share it Make sure to keep it on because obviously We want people to be more Post your story with your feedback Whatever thing is coming, share it with them so that they can can go viral okay so if a business If the page is a professional page then it should always be Keep it on, okay, like this, right now Yes, it is on by default with this I messaged you privately if you You want someone to contact you the day after tomorrow But okay, then keep this on as well. You are getting a double benefit here. As you know, we have an action button If you can only guess then what action should you take? You are putting the button, someone else put it, okay? Like sending to a website or You can put the locket option button. And from here you can turn on the message. ok what do you do with it like this Just allow this along with next Which people can you tag in the option? If you can tag it, you can allow it here. You can do this here, okay? The next setting we have is tagging. Ability means that the posts you make It is your story, your feedback, You have also added other people and posts But tag whoever is on your page with him. The next option is Ideal Tagging This Page: So here the other people mean other Give your owner your manager those people your page Tag me so the first setting is The other setting of our post is is of our page so if you want your If someone tags the page then you will get this option I want to allow you and if you want your Someone may share your pictures to the post If you tag them then you have to click here Apart from that, there are country restrictions right now. This is a very good option here. But you can block some countries. Well, if I think you're something like this There are countries where you don't do everything And lately you will get a lot of orders from there. You are getting a lot of sarees from there. If queries are coming then it is obvious that you If you cannot fulfill them then how will it happen? If that story or story is a waste then You can hide those countries here. Okay, give further restrictions, now see this The restrictions ahead are also quite This story is important, watch the story. Understand that if your post is here then Facebook It boosts them most means Automatically take organic to the people He has to reach there, then how will people react to him? Let us tell you how to maintain engagement. Based on this, he decides how many more Your page should reach people. Now here's your 18+ content from the get go Only those people who are above 18 are interested And let's take no less than 18 the day before yesterday If your content reaches him then you It's a matter of fact, he won't have any reaction. If there is no engagement, then it should be The viral ability of your post can If it decreases then in such a case it means that if If something specific is yours then how can you tell it? I can also put further restrictions here. If you can, then this is a good option. Which you and any social media Along with this, it will not be available on the platform Content Moderation: You can add the word here. You can do whatever you want, any If the day after tomorrow you comment something like this and post something like this If this word is included in it then it It should be automatically deleted and the post should not be made. Okay, so sometimes it happens that in the page There is some controversy going on, people are If you do something right, you can use it What can you do by adding it here and Block particular words permanently You can also use profit filter along with this. This means that any such proprietary The word means what you typed. There must be something else besides that if words like You want some Abu word some hit raid words if you want that he too is yours If you add anything to a post or page, it Also, should I accept him or his The comment on the post is If you don't have publishing, you can do this too. Give it after that similar page suggestion is ok After that you will always have to keep this setting This shows that you have to keep it enabled. Do you want your stomach to be what it is? To people and to people of similar pages If it is recommended in the category then of course if Mom, is one of our competitors? If someone followed the page the day before yesterday Our page is listed in the similar page category If I recommend then this is definitely us If you want, keep it enabled at all times. Along with this, many times it happens that the one who is late We have a business page from and we have some make important changes like working Did we change it or someone else? You click the action button tomorrow. We changed any new settings If we do this, a post will be created automatically. And it will be published on our page brother This is the working of the XAS business. If you have changed then it is a good thing. You can do it to do fewer postures but you If you want, disable it once and then you You can manually update your audience that we have changed this thing, Also post and multiple language if Yours is a page where we can see multiple In languages like Hindi, YouTube, English, etc. If you post it in this kind of language then it Now keep it enabled and use it on Facebook What is the benefit of Facebook? He is getting this setting done from you because he Then find your target audience. It will be comparatively easy with him How to see your comments then most See relevant comments first or See the most recent comments first. If you want the most relevant mango first If you see it, you can enable it and change it. here it is now with this Downloading you Facebook, okay, this is on Facebook. If anyone posts his own post or uploads a video Well, that generally download option is there It doesn't happen, but if you want a bonfire If you want to do this then keep this setting for eggs. But if you want that no brother, anyone If you do not download my videos etc. then you Change this by clicking on Prohibit and With this the download page will be quite Important setting if you shift your page Whatever we are doing on this particular page I have posted whatever information I have. If you want a complete PF then you You can also download this page and keep it. If so, this will help you move it in the future. It will be easy to do Double pages make us old We will start the stomach from scratch. If you want to do that then we have a new page in it. If you make it from any reason then that too you what can you do here can you do me Obviously, the discussion on duplicate is on should be on the profile or I Manager Honey needs the page so all this There should be edits on the profile only then I will send it to him. Only then will I be able to merge any page here. If you don't have a profile, please remove your page. Do you want to delete the space permanently? So you will get an option from here but I hope that You never need to Today we are going to talk about Facebook pages. Privacy Policy Who can tag you whatever the day after tomorrow if If he tags you, will that post be yours? Should I look at the profile or not? Apart from that, your page is also yours. The privacy settings of the profile We will also talk about which is very important for you. If you are useful, if you have the power, then let's go again. Let's see some more important things on Facebook. For this, first of all you have to You have to go to your page after knowing the page. Here on the left hand side, this So here comes the menu, here you If you click on New in Show then here you If you look, there is an option for settings. When you go in, you'll see here. You are getting the option on privacy settings If it is previous then how do you set it? What does each setting mean? Then we will see that after that the first thing that Our previous air setting is date ise Can See Your Future Post Whatever Future If it is your post, who can see it? You can optimize here. want to keep it public, keep it private Want to see who followed you? If you want to keep them then we are here in public. because we want our page to go Be that as it may, review your post and things you are Taken in here it is being asked that whoever Someone tags you the day after tomorrow or you do anything If you post it, will you review it? You want to know before anyone is tagging the day before yesterday. and it is visible on your profile We wouldn't want this, we obviously want it. That whenever we tag someone, we first Will you really review us? want to show this particular tagging or Otherwise, you can do it accordingly. When you click here, it will be activated. People, but here you are on a screen like this You will be redirected to where you can verify it. Yes, he tagged me the day before yesterday. And this is the post in my profile. Should we see it or not? Apart from that we can also see People page and list of followed people You follow the pages you follow Yes, the groups you follow are the ones you like. People should see that but if yes then this Keep it public or else you can edit it. and from here you can change that I I don't want to do this publicly, I want to do it only in public. So that no one can see which people I am with I follow that I follow the page ok with him and nawab people can find an Contact you how you want people to Contact you first this option This is something you should always keep saying yes to. If you want your face, you go to Facebook. What else do you want people to know about you? Contact Kar Pay means other than Facebook If I find your page then yes we want Because we want to reach more people When you reach there, say yes to it and keep it if you like it Don't want to do Facebook or not, except for the story If you don't want to show my page, please note it. do it okay other than that you know that Facebook recommends the page So do you want your page to be Recommend Facebook so how do we want So you can keep it on, it's your choice. If we don't want it then keep it off but We will not go like this, we will go without our permission. In addition to reaching more people than Do you want people to message you? Get it if you have a business page I definitely kept it on because from here You have the power to get some really good leads. So this is about some of our privacy. Settings are done, apart from that, pages and tagging These are some of our settings, look at this. If you take it then we will post on your page. But who can post that you want your Can everyone do it or only Mishra is there You will be able to post it according to your If you can, otherwise what do people do with themselves? Want to promote, people come to your page So let's just call it I'm just Capricorn for now. What can see what ideal post on your Page Whatever people post on your Page Who can see what I have done, then I will tell you I am saying that brother, not everyone can see it but yes These other people are coming and posting on the page The only ideal I can see is you View and Leave Reviews on Your Page Would You You want other people to review your page. I will look at your page and how can we do this I want us to do it like this Tagging am can see pose date you are tagged in Your page will have such posts which you will get People will tag you, okay, to whom should you show it? If you want, you can also set this setting for yourself. According to what you can do here These are two important settings to date it. Review pose date you are tagged with before d Post Up In Your Page Because Someone Is Calling You If he tags you, he will tag your page. Obviously that post is on your page It will start appearing, then you can click on this setting here. Enabling this means that I first I will review it first and see which one The post will be visible on my page. So keep it enabled and review. Post Before Date Tags Up on Your Facebook Apart from that, the first setting is that there is no If he is tagging you then he is on your page Should I look at the pose or not and the second thing is If someone is tagging you the day after tomorrow You should see that pose all over Facebook. So keep this setting on or off. It's your choice, but this is the setting First one will always keep it on and how I have told you what to check. View will go to the privacy option If you go to the activity log, here they All the posts will come which you will have to review right now. which you will first verify that Yes, did anyone tag me the day before yesterday? Is the post correct? Check my page. whether you want it or not, or whether you A notification will also be sent that this XX The day after tomorrow I am tagging you in this post. I want to see you on my page So you review it and tag it. Only if you prove it, that page will be yours. will appear on the post Whenever you handle a business Time management is the most important And we can do as much as possible in a timely manner. So this is a very important aspect of Facebook business page. The good feature is that here you can save the message You can automate whenever someone messages you If he does, he will receive this greeting message. Queries will be taken from them and along with this You can also set automatic response here. which can help you in your Conversations with clients are very Easy to manage and save your time So let's go to the Facebook page and let's see how we can See if you can automate the message. You have to go to your page and your page When you go to the settings, the settings You will get this messaging in the option The option is now in this messaging option. If you see, we get a lot of features. If you are here then first see the greeting Let's set the message as seen here. If it is a show n greeting then you should go here and download it. You have to turn it on so that when someone messages you So you can see a message here. The default message here is this: Yes Harmeet Kaur, now it is obvious that every name Whoever messaged him the day before yesterday will come. Yes, I also sent a message the day before yesterday about The actual name will be listed here, thanks. Getting in touch with D on Messenger please Send this other question you may have ok So you can add this, apart from this if you If you want to change it, you can definitely change it. You can change it, okay, here, Harmeet Kaur is written, meaning this is the name of the day before yesterday. It will go and you can change it totally and here But we will do it from there, okay, so this is how it is The greeting message is set here. After that, there's something else going on here. Date is during an Messenger conversation Option A here is Setup Automated Response: You have to go to the setup. On the option and from here you are automatic which are their messages which are automation messenger will they be able to do it okay so that's good enough There is an option and you will get it, by the way, this This option is within the business of Meta It will come but we will understand the style now. I am also a different metal sweet I will see what you have, by the way Complete Facebook Option course is underway You will get the link, choose no from the options, so let's go. Today, let's come to our message automation. Here's a look at the best of instant replies. First, this instant reply happened. The greeting message that we just discussed is over. did it okay like someone messages you Automatically send a reply even if you Available or not, give frequently Ask Question: Many times it happens that Frequently someone asks you something the day before yesterday He asks, what can you do to set this up? You can do it, okay, so first of all you tell us You have to click on Messenger because on Messenger If we want to do this then ad If you ask N questions, then the first question If so, we can edit it from here. Now what questions will people ask in return? We'll be messaged okay like on For example, if someone asks us the day after tomorrow like what are you Okay, if you get a question like this, The automatic message that goes here is me I'm going to write here, okay, so here. I sent a message, you can also send your Accordingly, this can be an even bigger message. Ho's Hello Waver from 9 and D Morning and 7 and d evening 7 days of the week okay you You can change it according to your needs You can use emojis etc. or any media. You can and this question is gone here now If you want to add another question, So do it here, now you know here It should be related to your business What are the most common questions today? Frequently asked questions come like The second option comes that what is the RD charge Of this XAS service now watch here What I have written is what are the charges? Of this x a s service now so service something bhi ho shakti hai let se u r mak an part It's like someone asking about party makeup charges Right bill may ask for some charges for make up Can but for example you provide cleaning Services, you can write here what R D Charge of this house cleaning Services or Kitchen Cleaning Services that you You can set it according to your needs, okay? You can read his message here. You will make it automatically here, this is Service cost you this match and it bill Include those things so no matter how much you Big answer within 500 characters You can write here and anyone can write this If he asks questions, he will tell them whatever is written These answers are there, they will reach here. Okay, you have many such questions which If you can add it here then we and if you want this Whatever you have messaged, it will be automatically When you receive a message asking a question, go to the menu. You must have seen the lion many times on Insta If you message someone on Facebook Five questions are automatically asked. Questions are answered by clicking on them. They don't even have to type it in. They can directly query you. If yes, then for this you have to click on Add to menu here Whatever it is, it will have to be enabled and changed to You will do it with the next method. The message is Aave message which means Sometimes it happens that you are not available Your stomach has been there for a long time. If it is not activated then we call it If you receive a message here, if someone tells you personally messaging your working horse. Apart from that, how do they have anything else? The message should go, you can do this and You can set the time when our voice should come. Which ones will be there, okay, so available What are my hours? 12 to 12 Minute Night You can also set this here You can choose which hours you want. Okay, so here's what we want on Messenger and What message should be sent, then see this message Hai thanks per your message they are aave and kant Response Time Be Appreciate You Getting In You can also change it if you want. Some ways one can ask them that Brother, please send me your message in the morning with these 24 Our year reply you okay so like this You can also add it, okay, by doing this you can open the shop. You have to make the change along with this if Someone has recommended your page to someone If you have posted it on your page, what about that? If the message goes well, then this can also be known here. This will also go, you can set it here But some default messages are kept here This is basically a kind of review. Now, there's another option here. Which is quite funny that let's take the mother If someone recommended our stomach We're sending him a nice message. But what about the date the day before yesterday that broke our The stomach is not recommended, that is do not like You can add a follow-up message that can be kind of these hello they are sorry date you head en Bed experience please let say no how they can Brother, Facebook has done a great job in improving. This means that he has done the entire business You have understood well how to run a business does this with if you have such a There is a business where when you are taking applications It is late because you are waiting for any position. You are hiring and someone has Have you submitted an application or made a booking? If you have submitted information for this then here also You can set up an automatic message for that. Yes, you can see here that you Received your application and appreciate your Interesting working with this, you can edit it By enabling it this way, click OK and shop You can change this as well as the thing here. You can see that if someone comes to your house the day after tomorrow If he is asking for contact information, he Did you get this message? This is also customized for you. Can you do it? Someone is asking about your hours. Working hours can also be customized for you. If someone is asking for your location, he can Also, what message should they get here? The link should go to Google Maps, what is this? If you want to tell the address then it can be customized. Along with this, if someone gives you a Gave positive feedback, meaning someone gave a big I appreciate your service a lot, friend. It was good, I enjoyed working with you. If there is positive feedback then what message does he have? Well, next time, anyone has given any negative feedback. If he has given it to you then what message does he have to give to you too, dog? You can automate it from here with this If someone says something like this on your post Commented like a particular hashtag If you have done it then what is the message to him? The day after tomorrow, automatically, like on example someone The day before yesterday, randomly, on your post like Price Please like P if he is messaging you. This means it is obvious that he You want prices, okay, so you can give them your Direct message to the website here But you can put it, okay, what do you do here? You should also add that the message should reach them further. You can also have our red along with this. Automated message is date this appointment Reminder to get your service if If someone has made an appointment the day before yesterday The one that is there 24 hours ago Get a reminder that you have an appointment with the day before yesterday okay here's some There are automations, but Facebook is not Continuous is reducing so there may be more You will find more here in the future. Automation was seen So today we will talk about how you can Create a catalog on your Facebook page. In that, your services, your products which Yes, you can add it so that anyone can add it the day after tomorrow. If he comes to your Facebook page, he will be directly Find out what services you offer You are there and from there he can contact you. But you can get a good lead from there itself. So let's go to the Facebook page and see. How do we create a catalog? If you add services then come to Facebook page After that you will have to come to Meta Business Sweet but okay directly you Metabolism can be sweet or else on the Facebook page here on the left hand side You will get the option of MetaBusiness Suite And that's where you can come from. Directly what do you have to do now? You have to go to the hand side which is for tools When you go into the tools inside, Scroll down to Tools. When you do this, There are many settings available on the tools. When you go to the last one, the sale Products and Services This is Option A and here you will Whatever service is being provided there, list it here. If we get it, we will click on Services and After coming to the services, I am here now None of this is our service, we are here If we can add it, then now we will click on Add. Now on the service, after this you first So you can put a photo, okay, that photo You can create a tax image style in For example, if you take a lesson from web development If you are providing related services then web Development's image got tarnished due to this. Its related language is written there. Gone is your sample website reviews. You can do all those things and post a photo. Yes, as we added the service here earlier. If I do it, I put this icon Let's put the name of the service here. Like since I added this here The description is given, now you will enter it here what service do you provide why you You provide service and then turn it on. Prices will be shown here and you can fix the price. You can do it, okay, like starting from You can do it as you normally would Obviously, it is website development. So there will be different prices but you are fixed If there is any product then the price is also fixed You can make the price any variable price Meaning change is power, price and Starting from means giving the starting range Di, but for example, we are saying that Our website development starting from Rs 599 that the cost is starting, okay Like creating it in WordPress etc. If you have this much then you should have more power than this. If the duration is fixed then the duration is fixed There is also duration, this is indirect duration Power is duration varies meaning different If there is power for duration also then you can find it here. You can select if you have any fix If there is a duration then it is 2 days, 3 days, 4 days. If you can put it here for a month Look, this is one of our services which is like this You have been added to another service like this Like if I add and tell you, now You can see here that our These two services have been added, how many such services do you have? You can also add services here. So we go back, so now I'm going back. Coming to the page and I refreshed my page If you do this, look here an option has been added. Service is fine meaning any day after tomorrow If you see this page of mine, then click on the service button here. The option will be visible and when someone clicks on Services If you do it then look at it this way, whoever We have added all the services here. The products we have added will be He will come here now, what about the day after tomorrow? will directly click on this page will do and the message will come on business and like this This message will come to the business and directly Someone messaged you the day before yesterday about this particular If I can talk to the elders of the service then this It is a good option to have a catalogue of your own. You can make your service your own So look when you log in to Facebook. So your profile here is your shell okay This is the profile we created and for this According to the page we created in If you haven't been told then complete Facebook The option course is running absolutely free. In the description box on the channel, you will find I want to see it, don't miss a single one, okay? We created this particular profile. I had previously created an account on Facebook. We created this page from that, so if You go to the page area and click on the page Do you select it or even outside it Option A was on the page, select it from there If you do, where will it take you? Okay now on this Facebook page You can go from one to the other with Metabus Vita Or normally you search on Google Even if you do Metabus, you will get this open. And here your current page is a From here you will go from the left hand side You can change your pages here. If you can switch then its complete If information is coming then you can see it here. You can, this is the name of our page. Take photos of our page from here and we all We can change this by going to Facebook. Were doing it with a normal stomach right here Let's take a look at the creator first. The option that came in the studio to create That he used to come here on the left hand side But now here's option A, look. the same thing but only their The positioning was there, it will change a little and they And the advance has been made here now The creator ad option has been there but If you want to create a post, do it here. But option A has been there, from here only you can do your You can post your photos and videos. You can see ad photo ad video You also have a lot of options in You can also upload and edit it. You can do that on the template of Vimy. Along with this, share any text etc. Can you share any link etc. He does all those things one less and one more I will upload a sample video and let you know. I am so sure we have explored all the options. Okay, so here you can see it. The video is here, its dimensions 720/28 here nine minutes and six This is a second video and its preview too. You can see it from here, okay, and mobile. But if someone sees this, it will be interpreted this way. The preview will appear, okay, along with this You can find the details of the post here. You can do lion after doing lion now If there is a scheduling option here, It should not be published as scheduled or again You can do weight and draft and when we If you click on publish, you will see it here. You can here these posts and rules ones will take us directly to the area From here you can see the video that you have uploaded. You can see its complete analytics. Yes, this process is happening right now, video here But you can also see the photo we took. etc. Our change was Kari, so her elder I am getting information, you can put them together You can edit this post from here by selecting it. You can delete it, you can duplicate it. you can okay along with this if you If you want to share your story here then click here. Option A is the Creator Rail option here. But if it is happening then it is not that all The options have disappeared, all the options are the same. You'll have to explore them a bit. So with this we are back on the home page. After coming to the home page, you go to You can see here that some quick Options are also available along with this If there is a notification option then simultaneously You will find all the notifications here. After that there is the channel option, then meta The planner of the sweet is very much If it is advanced then if you do it then You don't need any other planner You will have to wait sir, this is what will happen to you, just see. You can see here these dates are coming You can schedule them perfectly. At the same time, if you look at the content plan of the entire monastery If you want to see it, click on the monastery and If you click on Maa then this complete mantra will be It is too late that if I have to Posting something to me on the 21st of February So I'll click on add now I have All these options are there whether any ad Want to schedule a live set here If you want to schedule it, please schedule it here. You want to schedule a story If you want to schedule a post, do this: We'll click on this and again here The timing will be such that we have fixed the date as 21st February, let's take our time here. I will choose it, okay, I will choose it from this After doing this, you can do it like we just posted. You have to post it here as well And after posting I'll be back on schedule. I have to click as I quickly jo I will post one and you I will tell you directly, okay, like this This post has been and I am going to share it here. I will schedule it so now here when you will you put it on your calendar or whatever? The day before yesterday I gave access to Meta Suite He has given it here, he can see that 21 I have posted a post here about this If anyone clicks on it, the preview will show it. It will be shown which picture it is. what is the caption okay what is that day before yesterday can manage from here if If you want to edit this post, please Go back to all settings by going to Edit Post You can change it from Duplicate Reschedule If you want to delete it, it's your choice. Okay, so this is completely plain. Which will help you on your Instagram Both your Facebook accounts and your Content to accompany him in his plan In the next option which is on our home page After coming back, that will come regarding the content. You can also share your published content on the contract. Schedule content and draft content View all You can see me in the schedule. If I go now, then what I did on 24th February I have scheduled that post here. From here you can completely change it. You can also apply filters to make it look a little spacey. You can also remove the post from here. and edit them or view them simultaneously. But you can take action and use these posts. You can find the full analytics here. Like how many minutes views have been 3 seconds Video Views 1 Minute Video Views Apart from this, the average minutes you spend as returning viewers Impression Rich Please Reaction Likes Comments and shares means engagement should remain All the comments are coming, as many as the lions Sir, how many people have clicked on the link? Meaning you will get the same answer for each post here. Also, the content is managed in a very You are getting information along with this You can see here that there is now a There is an option to test it, we will go ahead and do it. It will speak well about your content Such analysis will be done that the most Performing are your posts by removing them Told you and analyzed in depth He will give his post so that you can earn more money. Do content planning and give as much as you can Mentions and tags have come, you can find them here You will get it later after the content If you want to see complete insights How is your page performing? How many engagements have been You will find all the views here. If we click on Insights, you will be here But you can see this brand new page now. We haven't reduced anything on this, just Because I have created this page so that you can learn. If it is made then here right now anyone can do anything Apart from that the performance has not been good These are our results Facebook page rich The results of the page are being shown here. The results are new likes options. There are audience speed bags here. We can also see from our benchmarks that our How do we perform according to the industry? We are doing it, that is, our business is late I have a cafe, I have a cafeteria If it is a business then there are similar pages which Dealing in the cafeteria How is my page performing in comparison? You will know it from here, alright. So this is a complete analysis of this too. We will discuss this in detail in the next video. And this is our inbox here. How many messages have come here and how many are unread? The messages here are as important as the messages You can manage all of them here. Yes, at the same time, this is the area AIDS Ka By The Way Complete on this channel Updated Facebook Ad Scores have also been released. So please subscribe to the channel quickly. But learn more Facebook ads, okay, so there But you will be given its knowledge along with it. All these tools of ours will be Important settings and games Streaming Inbox Page Settings Along with all the analysis, whatever The tools we just looked at and beyond Some extra tools are all here But there is a good feature along with this. This is the business feed, you can click on it. If you do it then business professionals like you If you can interact with them This is the business feed here so whatever The pages you follow are from Jinpegs. Anyone related to those with whom you are associated There is information about all his posts. All will be listed here so you can stay up to date. Can you tell me what is going on in the industry? what are people doing in so this was our a basic Sweet, I hope you like it Video and So today we will discuss what post brother If you do it on Facebook, then see what is happening here. People make mistakes, I vote for you first. Let us discuss then that mistake. To avoid that mistake, we should not make it. We will discuss what to do about it. So look what mistakes people make in business. If you have a page, what will you post on it? Business related date is logically correct but If I talk about social media audience If I talk about it then date is not shown correct Today you think logically a little bit, it is okay today. An audience has come to us on one of our pages But if she has come then she will be a big part of our business. He is less interested in people than in us. Want to learn something or have some entertainment? and similar content So today and the day before yesterday social media is doing it If I get any big business If you need information on the bill, Google it. I'll go to the search engine and find out what business it is. I will go to the website But I don't see him as a big business man. I don't need any information but can I share it with him? for business information or for any Can I use social media for business information? I will not turn the media off course why am I on social media Games to get entertained like this You have to provide content to your audience. Turn your audience into a bigger part of your business I also have to tell them but mostly the content they What we have to give is something that educates them. Do something that entertains them and doesn't tell them a story. The story came short for them, okay, so now here I will discuss a perfect planning with you. I am doing it, which if you implement Any social media project It will never happen to you that what you Project Hai Woh Un Successful Raha Rich If you don't get it, you will get 100% success, then see What is that plane? It is a very simple plane. 30% of the content you have to keep is the one that promotes You are doing your business now whether you want You are talking about a big new product. Discuss any such achievements of your business You are telling about your business in detail. Where are you, you are telling me about the locket? Someone open a new branch of yours. Are you telling me about any new services? You are giving any offer, you are giving that 30% will go into quantum okay means out of 100 If there are 30 posts in this big of yours There will be, but these 70 posts means 70% Your content will be for educated people. Entertain people with something that's trending. Yes, it is okay, in which there is nothing related to your business. It should not be about giving or taking, but about who should Your normal rather raw content i.e. Entertaining or educational content you Hey dog, so when you become this combination If you keep it, you will always get success, so now What you have to do is keep your calendar You have to plan in this way It has to be planned, like if there is 30 days time If I take it, two posts will go to me. One more post related to entertainment or education I will post two posts for business promotion. I will go for entertainment or education fifth. My post will be for business promotion. Now you have to line it up like this. This is if you don't have a post from Maa Lo Daily Rather than posting three posts late on the daily basis If you are staying there, it is obvious that Pay will be divided so that two posts a day I am an entertainment education person. Now the question arises regarding business promotion. Is this 70% content educational content? If you have entertainment content then watch it. Here are some tips and tricks for you. I am sharing it first about educational Inside you are related to your next Can answer important questions For example, if your furniture If your business is related to furniture then go here I am not talking about business, I am talking about furniture. What would have been the related queries the day before yesterday? How come my furniture is broken, brother? Please fix it, my furniture is dirty How to clean wooden furniture at home Okay, what's the time to buy furniture? What things should be taken care of and how Make furniture long lasting. Also, when you move it from one place to another How to pack furniture if you are moving Now what benefit do you get from this to me? My business is to sell furniture but See the audience your business-related posts Audience will not be attracted by It will be because of all these things that you You are giving them information, some such content Which is irrespective of whether he buys the furniture or not. I have bought it from you but it is less than what I bought in my lifetime. When that information comes, you will see something like this Quantum has to be given, if these questions remain You want to find something related to your niche If yes, then let me tell you about a very amazing tool. I am helping you a lot with this If you find it, see the name of this tool is Answer D. Public ok Answer D Public is a site You can select Answer D public.com Or you can also write the answer publicly on Google. So this side will open now with this particular tool What does it mean to him that he brings out that topic for you? He gives it and he gives it by asking questions What your related people are searching for Like I take an example like I Here's what those days furniture did. Now you can make your You can search here for certainty related information. interior designing interior designing Delhi your next related you here You can search and where people can find you. Major Target Audiences are in India If I am in another country, you can tell him You can also do things in English, you can search Now you have to click on search and OK Now after clicking on search you will get This result will show hardly 5 6 It will take seconds and you will get a lot of information here. You will get all the topics here now. You will see in a few seconds that Here are so many things related to wooden furniture. All the topics have been covered before you. You can see it here and download it. You can also do this and fight with your team. You can also do this, look I am Rupas Wooden Furniture is wooden furniture and wooden furniture Max Wooden Furniture What Wood Furniture is Best, now see, I have found this important topic. No, your video will be made on all of them or Then the post will be made So I made a video, a train, a post. Write an article about which food Furniture is the best, why is it you You can discuss whether this is wooden furniture or Then which are the three top wooden woods? That discussion is best for furniture Can you do it, why is which chip the best? C is now from this you can get more topic ideas Can you figure out what the top three are? You can write your furniture on cheap wood can you okay which furniture is best like Per example Shri Shyam and other like N word so you can compare like this then You will get five to six topics from this only. Apart from that you will see what would Furniture Cleaner Which Wood Furniture Is Best Cleaner and easier to clean which wood furniture is the most Expensive so you can buy something like this You can find it normally by searching on Google now. Do like most expensive word in D world okay this is a very Interesting so look here you will write If it is too expensive Then you can find out its price and do so You can make some trivia type videos. Make people happy, oh man, this is so expensive Wood happens, okay, so this is how you Which is by creating some interesting content. S well s by creating entertaining content What can you give your audience by becoming an education quantum? You can write them, you can rock them Yes, you can attract them with your content. with and then later when 30% of your business We will put that ad in the promotion section and If you create your own content then you will get a good offer from here. You will get a lot of help but one thing I I would like to tell you that even if Facebook has Instagram is done, then any social Proper planning for media has been done Planning is very important and Execute it according to the plan It is very important to do something Consistency is important and even more so If important option is necessary then first of all Create a seat with your team Share it so that we can call our content plain How to plan your content on which day? What content will carry over to the festival seasons? Take care now as if it is 26th January. Now it is furniture related and 26th January. Mix and match themes to create something cool Get a creator, get a post made, just business. Don't focus on promotions, focus on you. It's okay to catch an audience when the audience Then we will do business with them. Will promote the business in front of them You will not get any benefit only if you promote it. So keep promoting your business. Keep posting, Happy Republic Day, Happy Diwali from Excise Furniture Ltd. It's not going to make a difference because someone That post is not seen such content Make something that people share with the next person. Send me some emotional story when this Variety of ways you post content If you post regularly then you will never know Which of your posts will go viral? Posts that will get you more followers Can bring more audience to the page and then When the audience becomes large, then promote it. I think today I will tell you a little about business. You must have got clarity as to what the post is. have to do it on social media and most of all The important thing is to know your competitors keep observing So today in this video I am going to tell you about Facebook How to caption a post or rules I am going to tell you this and trust me this After watching the video, you can There will be no problem with any post or Writing captions for rail and many more It is an easy method, it is the fastest method, then Watch the video further to know everything If it is clear to you then let's start with First, let's go to a post on Facebook. Let us create it and upload it and What caption should I write with this? How to write, we will discuss everything See here what we will do now, a post okay so here you will see If you click on Create Story Your story will be created if you go on the train You will be able to create and see the rules but We need to know what is written here on Watch On Your Mind. here we have to go okay so look now We have been to our page and here now We will create our own post, so what do you care? You have to do this scroll down After scrolling down you will be here You will see an option like create an post or else You can also post directly from your meta suite. If there is no problem with that then Now we will click on Create a Post. If you look here, it looks like this This is a blog, you can write something here. But first, let me post an image here. If I apply it, then see this in the image. If a pamphlet has been made then we are already talking about it. I have already done how this post is etc. You'll create Canva's by doing that, okay now. Let me move ahead and add the big picture of this post. If I have to write something, then first of all I I'll show you what the end result is I'm going to post it, so you can see this one. I have made a small post, are you clean? Your wooden furniture is fine I told you last I discussed it with you in the video. How do you decide what to post? What topic do I have to do, what do I have to do? Please watch the video in the description box. You will get the link to the playlist for any video. If you don't want to miss it, then you clean yours. Wooden Furniture Hair Here I Have Made This Before And now I have posted the after photo like this. We have to pose and what is the option for this? I want to see, okay, so now here in this way The caption for the post is a little landy. Actually, we will answer this question like this Where the question is how do you clean your wooden Furniture, we are going to answer this, that is, this The post is being reduced to a thumbnail. It is there but where is the actual content? That is the last video in our caption. I told you either you posting the photos that are being put up Your content should be inside it if If it is not there then where should it be for you? Your content should be in the photo caption If you want, the content of this post will be She's in your caption because she needs a caption I'll answer it okay now here's a And the thing I had the power to do was what you absolutely Keep this in mind when you make a post. Here at the end you write that read The caption is fine, read the caption. You will get the answer to how to repair wooden furniture. I have to clean it, okay, so this post The caption will be a bit lengthy but If you are posting such a post which You have already given the contact on the picture So how do you write a bigger caption in it? There is no need for a short caption just for that. When describing a post, you Even if the caption is written, it will be sufficient. I have it here like this I put the image up and now I have what it takes. I am going to write the caption now. Obviously the answer to this question is There must be some value in other voice posts. It won't be okay, I'm asking people. How can you clean your wooden furniture? If you are giving its answer in the caption then caption There will be a landi in which it will be cleared, how I have to clean it, now you will think that brother, I How do I know I am not a furniture business? Owner, I have no knowledge beyond furniture. If it is there then how do you know, now we will take help I want to tell you one more thing about R One and Only Google. I would like to tell you that 99% of the copyright here How there is no scene relief then you can do any If the article is even slightly different from the story If you do it by applying fresh etc. on it then Date it's okay because we have to [ __ ] fast Only then can you do three or more social media together If you can handle projects one by one We ended up spending too much time on the post. Went to see the actual contact, absolutely unique So obviously I am very This will take time and it will also cost money. Fast results to clients today I want to leave the fast and okay I what am I doing I'm going to Google And here's my question to I am directly hitting you as you are Now I have written here that you are clean wooden. furniture and many other things like The first video went to me, apart from that Many of my articles have been added here now. What to do is find an article that which is en less which contains the word ok line point and be written because this article If you look at all of them, they are quite big. I obviously cannot read such a long article. The thing is, I won't be able to put it in the caption. Because there is no such big caption there either. It doesn't matter, okay, it's a little bit like It's a big article so I'll ignore it. I will give it to you and move on to another article. If I go, here is this article, it's a little It's a big article, but you can see it here. You can give me this step wise. okay so what am I doing First, I write it down and use a notepad. I'll copy it, okay, I'll give it to you I will tell you what to do, okay, so these 7 I'm taking this one with steps. I mean this is the topic, okay, so look. Here are the steps I took Maximum Water This brother-in-law, this and one I step from my side Let me add this slightly obvious thing You will know after reading it polished furniture and I would write this down I have an option now what am I doing with it Obviously it is a matter of moving it forward if I If I copy it, it will be a little unfair. So that's why I'm tooling it. It's region tool on kid of n okay so this I You should like it just for the caption. See if the website has content To post or write blogs you If you do this to him then definitely you will Restrictions are a huge power on your website. So please share this only on social media. Do it for the media because social Our agenda on media is Our agenda is not to provide content promoting my business okay now I It is a little like this fort board The tool is Pershing, its tool I have used it I am copying and pasting it here Now what is he doing, his language is I'm changing it up a little bit, okay? Now after doing this I will copy it to you. All you have to do is copy and paste your post. But and paste it here, here. You can see step wise this is our It's already here, if you want, you can tweak it a little. You can make it smaller like I did a little bit. shorten the steps a bit I take it and this step one step is you I'll put an emoji in front of it, okay? This is a website for emoji. pedia.org I'm doing it here But you can use any emoji like late Meaning, I will post any such emoji here further. I will do it like I clicked it Like I take it to the puggles to fix it I copied it later and what should I do with it? I'll shoot him like a bullet, okay? like this here Combine One Thing give it to Bhajan Furniture If you want, you can add some other content like notes etc. Something like this, precaution etc., that saree You can add things, okay, you can add this here. You can see that we have given this as our dal. I posted it and along with this we also Relevant # will be placed at the end, now watch How to use the hashtag? So I have the next video for you. If I am going to make it complete then you will learn that How do you use hashtags, then watch that video. You must watch it, I just added some random # I am, but if you watch that video, you will You will know better which hashtags are there. Which shoes are to be worn and which are not being worn If I had to spend how much till today, I would have done it. I will post it here and show it to you. In what way is this post ours? The audience will be okay so here you see Maybe this caption can be shown in some way First of all this picture has been uploaded and given After that we have ho tu clean wooden furniture read caption okay so anyone The day before yesterday when we wrote this read caption This will let the audience know that if I You need the answer to this question If you want quantum, you have to read the caption. will have to okay so this way one Preparing valuable contact numbers And in this way we get rewards for our posts. If I have to decide the caption then I hope today The trick you saw in this video Well here you can also read the story Copying content and taking inspiration from it Make a little change and write it here like this You can definitely follow this and but I am again telling you a precaution. The tool that I just told you about is I am paraphrasing this as my own Don't use it for blogs, for websites Do it because it is obvious that Google's algorithm has become like ours or Then the search engine finds this thing I do not accept this base content Believe it and this will lead to many issues on your website. Saree Restriction is Power So today we will talk about hashtags, so first of all First let's talk about what hashtags are. If it is important or not, then see each one Kahaani na kahaani for social media # Plays an important role Because there is a lot of traffic on social media. There are many creators, so in such a situation we The only and only automated Alagridam He is different but you cannot stay with him. Which category should the content go into? No story for social media Platforms are those that use hashtags. Let's take your captions head and Captions are an important part of the hashtag okay along with this whatever other The benefit you get from hashtags is that no Also, the day before yesterday, I clicked on a particular hashtag. By doing this a page opens there which Whoever has done that, all of them Poses are there and devar r chances That your post should also be there inside that page. If you have done that then this Also, if someone follows any hashtag If it is done then whenever you post something You will do it everyday, you will pat the hashtag like on For example, if someone uses a marketing hashtag Whatever is there is followed and when you get this You post and include marketing hashtags in it. If you do that, the day after tomorrow you will get 50% There are chances that the notification will go Definitely we will get benefit, so now the question is He knows which hashtag to use. How many should he do, then see it like that So there is no imitation from Facebook. How many hashtags should be used but my The recommendation for you is 8 to 10 You can use hashtags in any of your posts or tweets. Looks like it's okay 8 you 10 you who are you If # is to be used then that hashtag should be off Course related to your post but post If related, thousands can become our # If I am posting this late, Zero Budget Marketing Tips Okay So From This Many hashtags can be created related to this. Zero Budget Market and Internet Marketing Marketing Boost Your Sales Boost Your There are a lot of businesses here If you can become # then should you use all the hashtags? If yes, then look, no, now here I am telling you I am giving some examples that if you are a It's a new page, meaning you have a new life. You have only a thousand followers, that's too big. If you don't have a page, how can I get it? # He has to do it on which post number is off Whenever you put a hashtag on the post, After that the number of post will be A which I I'm going to show you that number right now. Post around should be less than 1 lakh That means I will tell you in a range that Ranging from ₹50,000 to ₹1 lakh should because if your posts are more than this He has to go for a particular category For # it means there will be competition and No story, people should see your pose. Its chances will reduce, that is why I am first giving you the range of date this The number between 50000 and 100000 You have to do that on the post. okay in the initial period of time For this, let us go to Facebook once. And there, what we discussed in the last video I had posted it and the caption was written in front of it. See how to do it on that hashtag. If you take it then see this post we have made I did this by right clicking and clicking this I edit it this way after editing I have put # at the end, it is a hashtag. You can apply it anytime but at the end date would be great okay so now hashtag What do you want to put? You have to write the hashtag now. Here we have furniture related posts like this you clean your furniture okay Ho you clean your wooden furniture, this is ours So now I wrote the post Furniture here. So look how many posts are there on this furniture 33 million, that is Very very high competition is fine furniture Design also has 8.21 million posts on it so Of course I won't choose this now. Here I'm going to give it a little more bread meaning I do specific things like furniture cleaning If there are 60 posts then this is less, absolutely this It's less for me, okay, give me another hashtag. I'll put it on, okay, now look here. Automatically cleaning furniture There are only 1000 plus posts on it, so this is a little I will avoid this, the range I have The price decided is from ₹50,000 to ₹1 lakh If it should be in the middle of the post then it should be there I'll do something, okay, besides that, we'll write. Now you are like I am writing wooden furniture I'll give you a little look here. It will take effort but I will tell you through this video And I will also tell you the tools which can help you. You can, okay, so there is wooden furniture design. So I will design it, wood and There are 1.9 million posts on furniture, so this too It is not worth less to me, okay now I will do it a little Sa isko golden furniture cleaning so on this It is also a phub word and a post, so I will also If I don't do that then I will clean it golden If you look at the furniture by adding it, then on this also I can't find any furniture. I will write it down once, okay then this also for me Can't find furniture ideas here. Look, this is 42 posts, so read it once. I will choose the next hashtag. Like put here like cleaning Cleaning related, such as cleaning axes Okay, so around 6 lakhs on this. If it is a post then I will take it once from the cleaning department. I am doing this because I am related to it and I am not getting the one posted for less. Because this is a very popular topic. So that's why I'm now expanding my range. I'm extending it a little bit, like five. around a lakh okay why am I doing this Look, it's not like I've ranged you. If I tell you, you have to stick to it. There may be some popular topic in the future which If it becomes very popular then higher Range like me getting 33 million So I decide on the five million range. I am Shakti, so here we have another range Let's make a date from this 50000 to 5 million in between which are the hashtags on There are so many posts that I will do it here. Okay, apart from that this divine home is fine Didi Meaning do it yourself so this of course related to me okay clean furniture We also buy some related furniture. I've got the decor here. Other furniture synonyms Remove items related to home cleaning Let's see what I get like home Clean is a keyword, okay? Apart from home cleaning tips, this is the word So this is how I have done it here now # These hashtags are taken as there is less competition on them. Well, further posts are also active on these. Because if I hashtag with less posts If I take it then definitely does it mean that That particular hashtag is so much If it is not popular then SMS can reach more people. This post may not reach you. I have taken some hashtags here. But the competition is not very high plus that are also popular, so in this way you will get your Whatever the hashtag is, we have to decide, okay? So let me do it from here. Now after this I will tell you such a tool. I will give you this so that you can do it for Facebook. You can do hashtag research without having to be there You will get history from there but you You will have to come to Facebook to see it. How many posts he has on that particular hashtag Okay, so look, this is a tool. Okay, you would normally type it on Google. Hashtag generator on Facebook so also the first one This is what will happen, by the way, here you need This is not the tool, you do it for inspiration You can also use these hashtag tools to do that. Yes, but you will have to verify it on Facebook. I will have to do it after posting dal, it's ok I'll tell you right now how to do it Okay, so now I'm writing here. I found the furniture and cleaning to be fine and it I will search for furniture cleaning once. Now after writing you can see here that the #Moh Automatically generated here But we don't necessarily have to take all of them. Yes, I will tell you what you should do You have to do Control C, that is, it You have to complete the copy and then come back. As I told you in my post If you pose normally, you can add it in that too. You can do it now, the trick I am telling you. I hope you look at it a little carefully Copy the hashtag here like this Now what do you have to do, one by one? Write this in front of the hashtag like this If so, you will know about furniture cleaning. 60 posts is fine. If I spend 1.7 on carpet cleaning Million posts and carpet cleaning anyway. You are not related to my topic. streak cleaning to isko ye bhi mere kam Isn't steam cleaning even less for me? Apart from this, there is no residential Cleaning is related to this story or story. It is happening but I will see how many If there is a post then around 7 lakh posts on this If you want, you can keep it. Commercial Cleaning takes a look at this How many buses have commercial If it is too much then for once I will do commercial I'm removing the cleaning because It is not directly related to my topic. With this you walls free I think this Any navigation keyword means any company's That's apartment cleaning along with this. But there are around 40000 posts, so we will take these also. Let's take a steam cleaner out of my [ __ ] The painting is of no use to me, whatever Keep removing what is of no use to you and whatever After checking the post which is less, Go on verifying it Also note this is also of no less use to me. I remove that which is less important to me. not at all okay so like this If cleaning was done then you would have looked into cleaning. How much is there in cleaning? 6.3 Million posts to again Bhale Ye Mere Kam Kare But there is a lot of competition on this. That means there are too many posts, so right now I These three hashtags have emerged in this way. Like I just put a word here. And I generated hashtags like this and you too Hashtags that you generate here You can verify it by going to Facebook. This is how you can create your own post. You can research hashtags and other such If there is no free tool available, you Just go to Facebook and write each hashtag and Taking inspiration from the hashtag, everyone else There are tools and by looking at each hashtag, their After calculating the post account and You will have to do things according to that. Which hashtag do you want to use? Today we are going to talk about how you Share your video with your post on Facebook While uploading their real, they get a You can schedule it at a particular time So that you can enjoy the entire monastery for the entire week. By planning and managing your time well If you can afford more children, let's go. Facebook page and see how we Schedule your posts as well. I'll tell you about another tool in detail. From wherever you are, you can easily access your social media accounts. Media Note Just D Facebook Totally Social By planning the content of the media If you can keep it, then see, we have already come By the way, when you visit our Facebook page, If you post anything on the page, you There is a scheduling option but most The more tools we get, the more Let's go madam to the business suite okay then We are going to the same place now here There is an option on the left hand side called Planner okay so this planner we'll do that And full month, 2 months, 3 months If you can do a quantum plane for the whole year Here you can see it like this The calendar has slipped past you as if If the insurance is running then now you can do it like this Like Monday 13 14 15 16 means any one You can do the date thing and put it on your contrast schedule so we can Going into March, this option is here. Schedule an Post Story and Ad to Schedule But if we click on it, then as if we have a want to schedule a post ok So first of all you fix the time here Do it like on example seventh of on March and at 12:00 PM okay and we I want to do it this way and here But now you upload your photo and post it. Please give me the dal, please give me the article as per your requirement If you like it, we'll add it here. You can see here, I have Media has been added, please send you its details. You can put the full text here. Okay, this is how this post will look here. So now here you have this text along with You can also put your # here in this Along with this, what can you do tomorrow related to pose? You want to give them action, you want to give them feeling. You want to give the option of that people react to your post or Then you want the message option. In such a way that this post of yours is sent below Go to the message option or click on a link If you want to reach people, then this too You can do it like I did, delete the message. Now here below you will see the option Public na ho schedule saves drop ye friend All here is option A and we are going to We will schedule it at this particular time we just selected okay so now These posts of ours are scheduled here It has happened, so now if you look at it, March What we had scheduled for the seventh Look, this is our post here. If you want, you can delete each lecture. Yes, you can change it and have more than one You can schedule any post here. Now you can, like mom, take Tuesday. The intake was over and that became our Wednesday. Let me do a posting on Thursday too. I want it on Thursday night, March 9th. You have to go and click on schedule. What do you want to schedule, like this day? If we want to do a real schedule then that Let's make a deal, let's make a video First of all you add it here lots of people All these railways of ours have been built here. You can see this by entering the details of this train. Please put a caption with this. You can take whatever photo you want to put. Please put it here, anyone can upload it. Image: Want to make someone a collaborator you can do that too okay now we We will go to the schedule option and what we have Time has been calculated as if one of March and time You can set your own accord here. and click on schedule it. Along with this, our trains have also been scheduled. If you want to see them together, If you don't want to see this calendar victory then you by going to this content area and here But these were published, apart from that the schedule Both of them are posted here. You can delete them from here only. Yes, you can copy their link from here only. You can do whatever you want from here. You can manage scheduled content from here. You can do it now, as I said, You will also get an even better tool. I will tell you the date of this Canva Canva if you tell him Are you creating a contact for Facebook? But the Canvas Pro version of Canva You get a calendar planner in it. Probation isn't here as of now, but Content Planner, a feature of Provision Also works like Meta Sweet and is quite Its easy to feature it like taking a mother The whole of March went by, first of all, Whenever you like mother, take this ninth date On the ninth you can post anything here. First of all, you have to create a Facebook page. Like if you want to login then Facebook I selected the page and connected to Facebook. But I will click on it, now your page will be there. Whichever page you are allowed to select Like I have selected this page and If we donate this then it will be ours. The network is here i.e. Facebook page Connected to canvas, okay, so now this Look, the Facebook page is coming now like this I have posted this ad on Facebook, right? Also, you have all your other channels like Ki Maa Lo Instagram Business Ho Gaya Twitter is here, you are interested in the link. Let's manage all of them together here. After doing this, you can now go from here. Like for example, I have this photo thing I've done this, look, this is like a browser. I created the browser here, then here But which six pages have to be uploaded? Write the caption and don't publish it, okay? I wrote it this way and here Will schedule but right now off cost It won't be dual because I have a camera. There is no provision for this but if ever you I think you don't understand sweet peas. Or do you want a content planner like this? which is available on all social media platforms If you connect it together then you can point the camera at it. You can also create a platform by being sweet. It is available but it is a bit expensive completely So the camera is quite good at this thing, so this But the quantity was made and directly from here Upload it to all social media platforms But schedule it there. So today in this video we are going to talk about How to create your own group on Facebook And we will understand that first, after all, this Why is it important to create a Facebook group? You can take advantage of this to grow your business or We can also promote our page. If we discuss then let's start the video If we do, then see, first of all we go to I am on Facebook, my page is open on Facebook. Look, page and group are two different things. First, let's talk a little about the difference. Let's say the Facebook page is your own page. Here you can customize which Who will post on your page and tag you? If you do, your page will be your own. But it is a Facebook group as the name suggests. I know what it means when you Two or three people on Facebook and 2000 people together Let's make a group, we will make one, no matter who But a lot of people participate in it. can post all of them and I can give my opinion in a way I mean, when you build a community If you are interested in people then you can join Facebook group. You create it, but then you create a Facebook page. When you take your business to your conclusion Promote a service with this Your Facebook page is public. It happens that anyone can see it, but On Facebook groups, you get the option to You can also keep it private, so go ahead. You can also keep the public in the future with this. Like Facebook pages that people like Likely to follow the Facebook group If you want to join then join there. The button comes with this Facebook group. You don't get any insights right there. You get complete insights of the Facebook page How many impressions did you get, how many clips did you get and What would have happened to the Money More You Facebook group? I am sure you will get it from the Facebook group. You can build a community of people So that in front of them people who are inferior to them You can put a product or a service in front of you. If you want, you can do a freelancing job. You can also create groups where different People from different cultures who interact and projects for each other We will help each other in this way You can also create a group for business. And different histories have different importance All the other people on the site will give milk. So that the overall impact of your business strategy If there is development then let's discuss it now. what kind of Facebook groups are there If you want to join then as we have just done I think you found out from that. You will have to join those Facebook groups. You have to do something which is related to your net. For example, if I have a furniture business So whatever group is formed related to furniture Whatever is related to the furniture business Groups are made up of interior designing Whatever groups are formed related to home I like all these groups related to decors. If you want to join then my digital Marketing related service business or a company or a training business, I Join similar groups I will do it, okay, now pay attention to one thing here. The group you join is yours You don't do this with your Facebook page. Rather you do it with your profile Okay, so now I'll tell you how. You need to find a Facebook group and If you want to join then look here now. We may have already added this to our profile. Come here and search for Facebook. There is an option here, you have to search like that I told you brother if my furniture If there is a related business then interior designing I'll search like this, I just did a You have entered the keyword, then after that you can click on the left If you look here on the hand side, You have to click on the group option here. I have to do it, okay, now look at some such groups. There are those which are private You will need some recruitment to join. It has to be completed, okay, something like this There are groups that you should not join. If possible, you should add such groups where this If the joints button is being pressed, of course, then this Let's take a look before joining Is there any condition or anything else? Normally this is how it is here about Written in the area and relief is here If there is nothing like this then you can click on Join Group. Click and you will join this group. will go okay so you can see this join I am done inviting you guys as well. You can join this group Okay, you can see it here. People's thing is coming here, you are here You can also post anything you want. will do with your location like people You see here some scope of etc. Here is some retirement information posted. It's happened okay with this one of a Client is looking at an architect okay So when the thing is put in this way, you What to do like this, join this group If you do it then it is obvious that you have Many projects etc. will also come in future. To further promote your business It will be easy, okay, now here you are Can you promote your business? Like he got designing jobs Apart from this, see here also this is Group A. Now to join this group if If there is any specific condition then you can get it from here. You can do it like monthly unlimited posts Subscription is Math at 400 okay if you want to do this, look now, like if I I'll join it and let you know So right now here I just told you this The example pose is shown here. I was posting these posters pending Edwin will review it first, then he will review it. Whatever it is will be accepted but this is my post. Whatever is not acceptable, I delete it. I will tell you the reason because here He has clearly written that from First you have to purchase this subscription. You will have to date only after this 400 months. See if you can post unlimited on this. 400 per month but if I increase its views If I talk about etc., then the people of Aparoksha 86 If you are associated with this particular group then If you want and once you join You can see, it is totally your wish. Otherwise you can also get the free ones here. You will find the group here. Look here it is written in the beginning So you have to join such a group, now let's go. Let's see how to create a group. If I want to create my own group If I want to build a community, how do I do that? If I make it, what do you have to do for it? You have to go back to Facebook here But you have to do the group option. is selected, when you select this then Here you will see the option to create a new group. You will get it, click on it, click on it After doing this you will see the group name I have to give it first of all okay so group name Like I give it here Mother's Chain Bye Harmeet ok this way privacy What will happen to this, public for once I invite you like some names If someone already has my name Like but example someone right now I don't have friends etc., otherwise I Friends come here or email ID You can also add it and we will create it. I will give you this and see, easily my group will be created. You can change the tax page for this. You can, okay, with this you can here Can you post something about its visibility? You can change it by inviting members. You can do it from here or from here like this If you click, you will see Facebook friends You will be able to apply but now Facebook friends I have no one here because it's new I created this account to teach you. Apart from that, you can also send invitation through mail. If you can, send it to everyone else. will go and this group will be formed here Okay, so this is how you group here. You can make your own post and make one less If you can do the minute table, I will do it for now. I will leave it here and put it in the liver. I will do it because I am the last member IT bills automatically get deleted ok So I'll do this and delete it. This will go So today in this video we will talk about How to make your real life posts very popular Viral can make them more popular If you can, in this video I will I will also share many tips and tricks. You have to apply all your posts on Which helps when posting rules We will promote your releases and posts as much as possible. See here now to make it more recognizable to more people But there are some things that you must understand. First of all, Facebook's algorithm is How does she work, that is, how does someone Relipose which is popular becomes viral It happens now, look at every social media Platform song is a very simple funda It happens and the entire work that he does is There is a story, the story revolves around this. Now what is that funda, what is that goal, this It is that 1% like mother, she opened Facebook If he did, he would spend most of his time on Facebook Spend on If someone opens YouTube If you do, spend most of your time on YouTube. Spend and make him addicted to the platform This is what every platform wants. Today you see, I will talk about Instagram. I can talk to you on Facebook if you like YouTube more. If you do that then I will talk about YouTube, that will tell you. How does he keep crying, how does he keep mixing Make sure you spend as much time as possible Get that content out on their platform Showing what you want to see or Interested in seeing content like this today? Open the wheeled area whether Whether it's on Facebook, Instagram or I Should I talk to you about shorts on YouTube too? Open the area there now on YouTube So it's reduced a little bit, but You will see the same post on Facebook and Instagram. Only those rules will be visible which are of your interest. According to you, take makeup like your mother Have an interest Have an interest in fashion If yes, then you should like this type of post. You will see the video now as soon as you pick up my phone. If you scroll to the rules area If you do it, you will get a lot of pets. You will see videos of dogs. watch videos of cats because my The interest is there because I kind of releases that are posted with them I am more relieved to be engaged in Instagram knows, Facebook knows. That brother, if we want to keep it rocked, we Mix and do on the platform that our What if the platform is edited? You will have to show cute videos of pets. Pet videos showing things like this So now this thing here The concept is how you can take it that your existing audience is yours Niche audience, see there are two types of audiences First are those who are already engaged with us. Yes, they have followed us. I have subscribed and that audience Whatever happens is your industry, She is interested in what is there, but They haven't followed you yet, etc. okay so both the audiences Keeping this in mind, we need to create content that Which attracts those people towards our content Get addicted to our content So first of all the penance for you is if you Do you want this on Facebook or Instagram? on any social media platform The content should go viral and reach more people To reach this, you need to create content that that it has to be relevant to the audience, okay? Whomever you want to target, you You are doing marketing, you are a This is your entertainment page, some education This is the page where you will enter content which will be in your Existing audience is your next Will appeal to a specific audience, like now What do many people do brother related to food? They have an audience, the only audience they have is food. related to and anything in between I The crease happened, the comic video happened or else If the motivational video is late then this too Now we are taking some relief and taking some chances a day or two later. This content of ours has also become popular. It may happen, but its probability is very high. If it is less then that is why you have to make sure that Relevant post relevant rules which is Jain now Relivanshi near our ordinance In this also you have to mix that like you Let me take an example if it is related to food If you have a page, it is not that only others Only your videos related to food recipes You can add something related to food. You can add comedy videos with food. Some mince related to food can be added If you can tell me some facts related to Meaning, your one food that has become generic is It's done, let's take another example like That you are educational, your page is an educational channel So now it is not necessary that only You will post only things related to studies. Some memes related to education, you will like them. You can put it related to student life Along with this, you can also do some other things related to teacher life. Can you tell such facts that brother first The exam was held this day before yesterday. who invented the first exam Okay, so the engagement on this is higher. Even if we show anger, we will Engagement will be done on such content. You want to make a comedy video related to If you are behind vaccines then these are some things You can create but your next I don't want to forget what I'm doing I am making education related videos. Your Facebook page related to web development If you have an Insta page, you can also post content on it. Will you post something related to development? You can develop web by making something interesting related to them Show me something that's a little different but you I'm not forgetting your audience Why is there relevance on your page? of The second tip is to create content that works for you. Which brought about the engagement, now about the engagement. What does it mean, by the way, first in this big I have also talked about it in many videos. Engagement means when you have a Likes a post or a train He shares it, comments on it So now if I talk about it The list of importance that you all have What is important is to like it or Then reacting to the post is fine like There is also a reaction option on Facebook. Which means a little more than liking The importance to keep is to comment and Third, which is the most important interaction and The most important thing that we It is an engagement, it is up to him to share it now. The day before yesterday, on your story, on your post, Sher Or is he sharing it with his friends? He is doing the biggest and most important thing. If there is engagement then now you have to create such content Whoever is likeable, wants to like it now Whether there are dislikes or not, there should be engagement. Second comment table means people on it If the government does not do it, then the day after tomorrow someone Even if he had not commented, his mother would have felt jealous of Ajay. Dude, I just have to comment. We have to make it like this and the third lion is date This is the most important thing, that's why I It will show you some great streets I am not from any social media platform Do marketing, you are late Marketing web page is any Is your product's business page late or Then there is something educational or food related. Any conclusion is your content, 50% you get it. You have to make a counter which can be done from your net. It is related to food related education It is related to your market which is your business Like you, mother of interior designing If it is a business then we are related to it. If you are doing marketing, tell me about it. You're doing okay, 30% of it is you creating that content. Which is related to your field But it is completely entertainment based. It is entertainment based, I mean like I Example given web development Made some memes for some students You have created such behind the scenes science, right? If entertainment related then the rest of the child What happened was that 20% of your content is something like this. You must be absolutely sure that From here on out, this thing will be like a city. that you saw on Instagram and Facebook these days People do that as if something was made in I told you some situations which I wrote down. Key tag friend in comment area Key G Do you think like this about your friend's elders or Then the friend who does this or someone who It is a very stingy trade, do you understand the meaning? Yes, you mean something like this, you did it very well. Made a video related to some miser and I put it here below that brother tag Friend I am this date miser okay so this What did you do to be an engagement friendly? You made a counter, besides that nowadays You would also like to say one more thing not third rate this day or you R second come d rate is this is if not See such poses, you can go and see them. Yes, social media, do that because as long as we Today, an audience is not for any platform. We will never do that platform today. An creator won't be able to do it well So in future you will get more audience through social media. He should know which post it is. Which ones are you engaging with? Who are the posts you are commenting on? This is the post you shared and What was so special about it, now I for your one line page or for my Facebook page for her Insta page for her I can do it if you want to think about it Engagement is very important. Only then will he be able to use the social media platform It will be known that yes, the quantum number is Third thing, look at the popular hashtags. Which #s are popular around? why are people doing that in your Competitors whose videos are going viral The post is going viral, every post is going viral Whatever is happening, whatever train is going viral You will see what tags the others are giving him. I will tell you a very good tool. So that you can get that particular Instagram is for but what is it nowadays The hashtags that are popular on Instagram The same people are there on Facebook, the same people are ours Let's go to YouTube, so that's why I'm giving you a I will tell you the tool, you can use it. If you can do very good hashtag research The name of this tool is inflect.com okay inflect.com Well, there's no one for Facebook. Not a specific hashtag generator tool but This is a tool that is for Instagram but you for that If you can do that, then we will go into the tools. After knowing the tools in the Is it okay in generator or you can use this trends I can also go here and you will know this. You will see which hashtags are trending the most. okay you can see this is trending a Which is popular in the last 7 days? Here are the top A's. Okay, so out of these. You can also take one or two hashtags as per your advice. You can also search on hashtag generator. We have to go and you will get that here. You are putting keywords related to your The post is actually, now let's take an example that I'm posting a meme and Related to education, student life. Okay, so now I'm going to put some keywords here. I will post something related to it like First of all, okay, off course, name it. Student life is such that I put my studies And I will give you one more dal, it is trending, right? What will happen with trending that is related to this The one or two hashtags that are there can be found here now. But keep one thing in mind, now the top you I mean, yes, but now look here like Trending A, what is written next to it? These are the 296.63 million means this is how many posts this hashtag who is doing it now what do you have to do There are three categories here: Frequent Average and Rare now what do you have to do two-three then you You have two days to collect frequent taxes. The average value has to be raised and around five to six You want to pick up rarer types, okay? Just pick up the rare ones first Like Student of Life or Life of an Student good hashtag again Trending Men Daily I will add it here I havebeen I'm viral okay and let's see something else Let's do a trending pic, okay? Next, let's see what the average is. Let's take Student Live, okay Mains Forever Trending I took these to the student and in one or two Let's take the one that is frequent. Wale to jaise MIM study student life Correct Copy this and now when you post If you do, write a very short caption. There are 2 days in the word and in the last you will get this You have to put hashtags in this way, see here This way a will be created by generator so You can delete this and just use this hashtag. If you can, this is a very simple method. To generate some trending hashtags Rest next and which I will tell every day after tomorrow In terms of social media growth That's trial and error at best. Put rails and post as much as possible and Then observe which train it is on. How has the response been on which post? The response is high and life is also on the rail. On seeing the post you will feel that yes friend, there is a lot on this. It is good that the response has been like this Read more posts like this and create more. Okay, maybe you create more. Some of them may not work but this We will know what the audience is like. The post that is liking the content of My train went viral, my train went viral But comparatively more views have come now. It does not mean in millions, it means normally I was getting 100-200 such views. Likes were coming but on this post 500 likes or 500 views If it becomes comparatively more then he will get the train I see what it was like, what did you change? What did you change in his caption? What changes in quality, what is different in it? If you do, try it this way. Try it, you will get errors. pick up those that are going on and such Create more content Next think Rousse de Old Underrated Content means old content that You think that this reel was this post So that's great, but it's better than time. I mean, I posted it two months ago. I posted it 3 months ago but The number of views I expected on it The amount of hard work I put into this content There was no such good response whatsoever. No, copy the entire content first. delete the post and then Report back what happens many times. Well, not many times it's like 50% off D The time it takes for our post to go viral G also has a big role in making Wheels viral. If there is a game, then it may be your time. If the lock is not working, it should reach the right audience. Your video is yours which is real I can't deliver your post, but it is possible If it reaches now, you can rouse Our underrated content and other good content Which would have been made in today's times of social media If I talk about today, about 2023, then that's it. Even a simple loss has been incurred Do not desire the fruits of your sorrow, that is, good They provide good content which you never know which one May yours go viral and trust me, The train went viral, one of your posts went viral. It's done, isn't it? This is how your account is. Apply pace grip i.e. you will go to go then you Don't stop at one train if you have good views The next post got good views, don't stop. Don't forget to keep creating more good content Understanding Facebook and Sites Insights Well, further according to their strategy Plane making new quantum very It is more important than any social media Or for any other platform today We offer a complete overview of Facebook Inside. We will see and understand each thing one by one and how According to this you can plane your streets How can you plan your content? If you can, we will see this too, so let's go. If you are on Facebook page then see this, this is our This is a page, this is a dummy page which is just Just for scores we have created Completely Facebook from scratch and Gyan Ek course is going on Description In the box you get to create playlists I will go and do saree, watch one video also. Don't miss it, you can watch it here. If you look here on the left hand side There are many options for professional slaves. Boards and sites come center settings and this Along with Meet You Business Sweet A has been Well, the actual fun that Facebook has is That meta business of doing is from Sweet itself But you can also go further here. Next is this Insights option. You can also click inside your profile. If you can see it here, you will see it here. First you get a page overview. Very short, you are getting to know How many are your last 28 days brother? How many inside should you post? Engagement: How many new Page likes How many new followers have you received? Apart from what is available, this content will also be available Now there is more content on this, otherwise look at it. Here are all the posts, you can click on them. If you do, then posts will be made on them like this How many engagements do you need? Next, well, next you have to create an ad here. You will also get the option of this along with your The audience will come here, by the way, I will give you a I will also take you to a page where there is a little If there is a lot of data, you can use it even better. If you can see, you can see here that This is how we're looking at the inside here. This is what we are looking at on Google Meta Suite. First recharge here Our Facebook page has around 12,000 followers. Re Chahiye Instagram se so rich kar raha hai Any two accounts that are connected here Rich is the stomach that we have promoted Apart from how rich he is, you can see it here. Yes, this time period here This graph of 60, 40, 20 is complete. It has been done here, analysis here Along with this, the total which is our How many likes and comments are there on that post? And there have been approximately 3000 reactions. We have seen reactions on our page. Give us the likes we got I have received 2700 something comments. Yes, I am voicing the page. Apart from the links on our page, how many If it is clicked then the date is 36000 so it means Which is our conversion, that is, conversion means What we want our audience to do on our page Come and she is dating this like good think on Apart from that, in this particular 28 days We have 813 followers and 76 liked them. I have followed it, okay, along with this here If you look at the left hand side, you will see the result. Audience Feedback Benchmarking This Is All That Matters Benchmarking means that How do you compare to the industry? performing except when we If you open the audience part, here Followers of the new Facebook page here But there are new Instagram followers. Here are the followers of that Facebook page But if you are here then this voice is here With this the analysis of the audience is done. If we do an in-depth analysis, you will see You can see the total of the Facebook page here. Likes ahead of Instagram likes how many women are there in me how many women are there You can see a lot of me on Instagram. More around 86% and Facebook But whatever it is, it is around 69%. Apart from the audience, both sectors have If you see, there is more youth audience on this date. From 18 to 34 years, but if I go to Facebook If I talk about the 25 to 34 age group, then There are more people in the group today, well If I talk about Instagram, then from 18 If there are more people with 24, then they are here. If you understand the difference here then meta The advantage of the business suite is that here You should always use both Instagram and Facebook. Insights are displayed together Rest as your page goes In this way, your insides will grow and you will You will need a lot of data to start your business. For So look, we have come to the maid business. Sweet used to be home to the Creator Studio. which Meta Business Suite has just given him I have acquired it in a way that your So if you also greatest video If you open it, your business will be open. Okay, so you can see it here. My pages are here, all right, so now I have posted this wicket page here. Monetization is now open, if you We have to check that our monetization has happened. Or not, what is the criteria? If you have fulfilled the criteria then you can click here. But on the left hand side, there is a monetization option. Option A would have been if your brand new If you have an account, you will get up to 100 likes indirectly. This monetization option will not be visible. But our little page which is Go Kar If it is done then our digestion option will be visible. Now we are here on monetization If you click here, you will see this window It will open here, this status will be There is an action required But now here it is that tools you There are basically three types of trees here right now. There are ways to make money from Facebook. First there is subscription, now this There is a subscription option like YouTube. But membership means that some people can upload something on your channel. Users to view exclusive content You are charged a monthly fee, just like Facebook. But there is no option to do anything on your page. Exclusive Kuch Hatke content from those people and in return he will give you a monthly We will give you free subscription, which means you will get one of them. If you get subscribed from then Facebook will be your Anyone can like your page. Anyone can see the page but There will be some content that you specifically Subscribers will take their own and this This is called a subscription, now you can If you can setup it, you can check it out. Our subscription is accepted. Meaning we have already set it up and done our Can charge a subscription fee But this is optional, obviously. It is a matter of fact that after that this star, this star Now what is it, so look at anyone you see When you see any post, if you like it very much If you liked it, please give it to the creator. You can send a star and that star Equivalent you will get all the money and you will star him. and use the money to purchase it Mostly whatever is there will go to the creator. Tara means in a way again a funding It's just like we have Super Super Chat on YouTube. Super Stickers look exactly like this It is like this, okay, so now its eligibility It has not happened, for this we need 1000 Followers and 60 consecutive days is fine. I want 1000 followers within 60 days. If it is there then it is eligible for us also, so it too We can now start setting up our The third and most important way is Facebook. How to earn money from this Sarita Ads Ki Date When your posts are seen, your real Your videos will play, then in between I will add you and you will get money from it. So pay a little attention to its algebra Let me zoom in on this a little bit. so dat you can see it butter to What you need is 10,000 followers. Okay, first of all, the condition is 10000. followers and no more I mean 10000 followers What you need along with Slack Total Eligible Minutes View Last 60 days within the last 60 days means one Your 6 lakhs within proximity to two months The number of minutes of watch time your video has Must have 5 active video on Your Page Five active videos on your Page Honey Chahiye Ab Active Video Kaise Mein If it is more active than at least pass These are videos, I want them on your channel. If you have to complete three retirements then look Fifth will automatically be 5 If you upload too much then the dog will be fine. Apart from this, you will get 6 total eligible minutes. I want it but it should be given within 60 days. And apart from that you have 10000 followers I think this thing changed a little bit in between. Thi had ₹5000 followers and 60 thousand Minutes had passed, but they were very few. Many people were there for the time, then repeatedly By making a video, in a way, a fake video was made. But now I have shown you here It is a tax and if you don't believe it then you should go away. going over there in your meta business suite See what Facebook eligibility is. And once this is your complete criteria This will be completed here also setup Option A will go to Apply No Option A It will go and you will get it from these Sarita ads which you will get now. The money will be credited to your account. Okay, this is where you can add your payment method. If the option comes, you can do your By adding a subscription you can By setting up today well today woman match Create a Facebook page by fulfilling the criteria You can apply for monetization and Now if I talk about Facebook ads How much money can you earn from impressions? If you are on and average in India from $1 Up to three dollars for 1000 edge playbacks It is money, that is, if you earn Rs 1000 on one video Views come and 1000 ads play in it. If you do, then on and average $1 to $3 will be credited to your account by There are some amazing websites on Facebook. Now we have created an account and can post also. If you want to do it then from where to take the image To take the video clip, we will send it to Facebook. Get a hold of us and have no problem with us whatsoever If there is no corporate claim, then some such We will talk about the website, some such platforms We will talk about where you can get it absolutely free Get royalty free images and royalty free videos If you can, please see the first site. That's for absolutely royalty free pictures pixels okay pixels but you are very Download saree high quality images You can also use these for your social media. You can do this for your website. Yes, you also want to do that picture. You select it and get it for free from here Click on download and you will see this that your image is simply here It has been downloaded, now you can use it on your own terms. I will do that and you can make memes out of it. Do it for your own benefit or for brand promotion Do it for him, it's your wish, apart from that There is another similar site called To you Images with accompanying illustrations vector Video Music Sound Effects Gift Ye All are available, meaning along with the image I will also tell you my John You have to type here like I am here I type, then I typed this to type After this you will see many office related things. Saree Images are here in the office Also, if you need something specific, like office so this is how you will see this table The photos that are there are already there. Also if you like some video clips from the latest If you want a very short video then this You will also find a video clip. seconds 18 seconds 14 seconds 34 seconds means You will find a very short video of this You can create a good video by doing sprain. Or you can make a wheel. Apart from that, there is another such site called Date This Free pic.com again very popular And people have been doing this for a long time. This is also a very good site, it is royalty free. Image today well today icons for with this flash.com is great if you want realistic If you want pictures, unsplas.com is quite good. The site is here where you can search for wallpapers. You can do a background search or You can just search out normal photos. Images with an enlash plus like this You will need a license for that. Meaning for that you will need its premium version. You will have to take it but don't worry there is a lot here Saree free photos are also available like these The photo is free, this is a tree, this is a tree, so this In this way you can tighten and take more such pictures. After those flashes another one Website called pick jumbo.com here But you will still find a lot of photos. If you go, first of all you have to login here. You have to take it by entering my ID and then you Click on your favorite image and Click on free download and this This is your image, whatever you have provided, it is here. It will be downloaded in a very large size here But if there are images then we have a There is another benefit of ours along with this. There is a website called ra pixel.com ra You will also find many images on pixel.com You will get it, so these are some images. For this you can also go for a little video. Let's talk, if we talk about the video So let's say pixels, that's why we understood Similarly, if you go to the pixels, here But you will also find a video section here. You can go to this and search your favorite video. You can post it out on your social media. You can add it to your content. Apart from that, there is another good seated one whose name is is splits shayad.com then splitsvy.com You can also go there and see the photos, well, and videos. You can decorate it quite well from here. If you want to go to Free Stock Video then Here you will see many sarees which you need. In this way, you will get a very good video and A little longer video if you want it. This particular tool is very Okay, so the name is Split. shayad.com then you must also Please do it [Appreciation] So today we will talk about Facebook Live. What topics do you go live on Facebook? When you go live on Facebook, you can Do you want to talk about Facebook Live? By doing this you can make your business your You can go to the Facebook page and buy this saree. We are going to discuss something, so let's start with First let's talk about when you go live on Facebook So what topic should you talk about? Find out which topics you should talk about. If you are an educational brand, if you have a If there is an educational Facebook V page then it is for you. You will pass many topics, any We can talk on particular education topic. Are you like someone's mother? Take it if you go to school If you deal in education then someone We can talk about particular chapters in detail. If the exams are coming then most Important questions will be answered live. with this if you If you deal with competitive exams Again the most important questions have become this Along with this, you can also check the exam related time table. You can talk on schedule in and if your normally it Any education related If you want to learn cyber security then you Can give a live demonstration of something can you tell him about a tool and a Everyone wants such a thing, but Be sure he can go live, that is normal. Kiya means questions and answers are your people In the big business, in your big business, Some questions for you at the top of the page They will ask and you will answer them this time. Live, so these are the basic ones, these are yours. You can interact with your audience This will help you a lot as well You can do some webinars on Facebook itself. You can go right to Facebook Live by doing it. You can promote it in advance on Facebook. We are going to have a public webinar. Meaning anyone can attend it. No need for a link, just visit our page and Attend this live timing and promote it. If you can, you can take a webinar. You can take particular type of training If you are into fashion makeup or any live style If you deal with anything related to You can unbox any product Give a demonstration and tutorial of You can do it if you belong to tax. So again you review any product Hello can you give me a tutorial If there is anything related to fitness and health You can give live exercise, any live How can you do makeup tutorials? You can do it if you are from the makeup industry. If you belong to me then I love you the most It is popular because people like it big. Prefer doing makeup live or live You are styling yourself and doing all these things. You can post on this topic on Facebook or any other platform. Go live on social media platforms Apart from that, observe your competitors. Observe your competitors Find out on which topics he is going live. When are you going to live, how much If you are going frequently then when you have Build a good base of followers and likes Then only if you go live, It is beneficial because if you invest 100, 200 In followers, if you go live, then the story No, the story will be a waste of your time. So once a good piece is made like this one of mine There is a parameter when there are above 1000 likes or Followers A Jain on your Facebook page Then if you go live then you will get the best benefit. So let's see it on Facebook now. If you want to go live, then watch it on our page. Our Facebook page has been created Now on this page you can read a little about school doctor. If you do this, an option will appear here where you You can create post and put rail You can take the message and it will be right here for you. You will get an option to go live, okay? The live option is shown here. If we click, then see this window A Now here you will be given two options. First to live, second to create live Both video events are important. If we talk about both, then first of all we will understand Whatever the date is, you can simply go live. You can also go live yourself, well, go ahead. You can also go live with someone else, I mean. Which is labored so that you can also live a Are you with someone else, something like you? Are you interacting or not in UAE? Yes, those are all things and the other one is Creator Live video events like Maa Legi You want to take a wagon or a workshop If you want to take it then you can do it like a video event. You can schedule it and for that The amazing thing is that whatever you do for him Please deliver the URL the day after tomorrow Reach him, promote the story to him. Particular event also some money for it You can charge what suits your audience. There is a way to tree live video events you If you can do it then you would tell me in your goal life. So here we select it like this After selecting I will do it first I asked what the source of the video was. You want your camera to video it. Or you are a streaming If you want to do it through software then you can also do this. You can use any streaming software You can do that with software like we Which is a very famous streaming software Date this obs they do him if you want Anyone can do that, except for the one who You can stream it on your Facebook page. Apart from that now you will have to connect it together Click here for streaming software. If I do, then look at this streaming service. I'm going to copy this and the obs Open it and go to the file section. Look here under the settings option. Sarita's option is after Sarita's option From here you have to select that Which live are you going to, brother, we Facebook likes are going to you on this You have to select this, after doing this I will tell you Whatever Sarita has, paste yours here. You have to pay this tax after doing the composition. You will start streaming here. So this particular object of yours software and streaming software This one of yours will connect from here. Facebook page is fine except for that. Any streaming software you use If you are staying then for that you have to do this streaming. You will definitely need this along with it if you Just using the webcam to do it What can you do from here? media source whatever you want to do What do you want to do with the audio? Screen Share: Do you want to do this saree? The thing will come here, then first of all you What to do is your name is webcam which is here You have to select your media thinking from I'll do whatever you want to her on webcam If you have an external webcam, you can also use it Can you connect any camera to your Has any actual incident happened with your Facebook? You have connected an external camera You can do that too, well, if Mike The original output you get from your laptop Do you want to use your phone or your If you want to add earphones then add them here After doing this you select You have to write the details of your post here. In which big city is your live first? The title will be like an example of how So I wrote the description here. and we'll do it this way Now after doing this, enter your location. Can you tell me where you are taking the live stream from? Your activity is what you are posting or are you You can add this feeling with it. or option A remained on the left hand side gotta be the one you're going live when you live You're going if you're going live right now. Now if you click on No then it will start. Streaming option will be available as before I've started the broadcast test. If yes, then first a testing will start You can see the live footage to make sure you look good. Are you doing the new thing, is it going smoothly? No, then after that you can go to the actual live You can if you do the thing here Later, there will be a schedule here. our live and we can go live of this Also, which pet do you want to go live with? Yes, it will be posted here on this page. If you click on this date you manage Here you will also get your page added. You want to know live, now this is our We will talk about Facebook Live here when your When the live starts, it will be like this here Comments will be uploaded, you should put them under moderation. Can you appoint someone as a community manager? You can click on edit and I have to search the day after tomorrow which the moderator If you want to become a moderator, the work will be that Whatever messages come in your chats, He can delete the message the day after tomorrow. can block him from sending messages from there Remove it and block it permanently the day after tomorrow. You can do all these things to block keywords That means some such words which in your life If someone does it, it is surely his If the comment is not approved, remove it immediately. Apart from that, Band Sarita will give you something. Are you followers or users of Facebook? that you can ban them and suspend them If you can connect with Sarita live then this You will get everything with this When the live starts, here you will Insights will be given as to how many viewers there are. How many comments have you received currently? How many reactions and shares did they receive? So today we're going to talk about Facebook Live. of the event and very important area because through it you live so You can go to your Facebook page. You can only go about doing business because of this You can also save some extra money on it. So let's start with Facebook Live events. We will talk about it in detail and then we will discuss it further. If you look at the benefits, then see, this is us You have come on Facebook, here you go After knowing the top of your page, the top of your page I'll take you from where you're going to Simply Live Friends, if the doctor does this then we will be here See, you are getting the option of live when live But if we click here, look here. There is an option of Pay Co Live in which we I talked about it in the previous video You will get the link, this complete course is going on. If you have then watch the video and we will talk today We're gonna create live video events now What is a live video event that you have You are organizing an event but That event will not be offline. It will not be on the place but it will be on Facebook. That event will be live above, now that event What all can happen like mail what It is famous in this as if you are someone Are you taking a workshop or organizing a webinar? You are actually being a part of your audience. You are bringing such a session which is for them It is useful, you have already scheduled it. gave it and we also promoted it that These events, for example, are on the 15th of March. 2023 is going to happen on Facebook, so you If it is announced then this happens live. video event so now here's the thing That when you schedule this live event If you do this, you will also charge an amount for it. You can do it like people do webinars You do the workshop free of charge, just like you They can charge an amount for this also. So now here's a part of our event. In this way we can preview it by doing this image First of all, if you can change this then tax whichever size it is They 100/628 pixels so I go to the camera and Actually this size is a temperature I'll take 1200 by 628 after doing this. I will click on Create New Design. And here you can according to your event Take photos as per your team's instructions. If you can make it, then see, I did it here. I have created the page and I can download it here. I will do it and come back quickly on our live event and by deleting this I will upload this or that photo. When did I upload this photo here? See its preview, it will also look something like this the way people will see it now here you What should you do with your date here? Fix it on it, okay, like look at this I put this start date here. I have given you time, I will put it here now. Enter the event name here, okay? You can enter your title as well. Apart from this, what is this recording event? It will return again and again at the same time and date. Or if it doesn't, I'll turn it off. Along with this, here is the description of Write the full details in the larger image. What will happen, what models will you get? Workshop Digital Marketing Webinar Digital Marketing online workshop in which large Do you think that more and more people I will search on Google because on Facebook Even though you are sharing this, but on Google Also if someone searches and actually this What kind of event is yours happening live? Be it on Facebook or any other platform. Chances of this particular event occurring are high. If you go then that is why you will use keywords here. Please note that webinar workshop Online Workshop Marketing These Words Repeat it again and again, give your opinion here You can manage the privacy of the event here. You can also tree axis here with this But you can tell how much amount it is. Here you have to charge like a mother So you are charging 299 for your From the audience, so here you can tell your price We will fix it and then call it an event. If you create this event the day after tomorrow He who wants to attend will be able to do so only when He will pay 299, okay, and for this Facebook is not something anyone can chat for free. will do that means you will get the full amount So as you can see, when you It felt like some event had happened, as if we had just arrived here. But if an event is created then it will attract people in this way. Who will see your profile or Whoever you would like to bring here, We will do this particular event for them. It looks like this, they can take it. Are you interested or not? Are you going? In cement or not going this way You can do it, then you can also share it. other people as well when they Actually, you have to join the event here. So they will click on Purchase Access and that You have also added the amount, that amount here But it will be done and any day after tomorrow By making the payment he will have access to this event. Exercise will be done from the profile He has made the payment from his profile. He has filed these 7 from this account. He can join this from his Facebook profile. This is for the event and only for the day after tomorrow. The application will be there and when he is here the day after tomorrow This will make it so that this going to date event This event also shows on his profile the day before yesterday. to be Going to a date event, then his friends And he also has a family and this event is If you lose your visibility then it is a good thing but It only reduces when your fan following It is very high, that is, you have proximity Millions of Joe over and all they want is that Bring something special for them and give it to them. Egli wait like someone you give coaching and Can you take some tutorials for them? There may be something about which he is telling you the truth. I want it and I am ready to pay, okay So similar events that you have here You can create a little bit of everything else Keeps in mind that when creating an event If you have any such event, You have added the community If it is against the guidelines then Facebook will remove it. If he removes it and does not let him know further then You take care that if you have a Facebook page then its How can you give access to someone else? Open your account today and transfer it to another account holder. With the security of the account, If you can't manipulate then that's why Facebook There is an option on the page to choose another You can give access to someone the day after tomorrow. Take a particular role like a mother. Can you make me the manager of the day after tomorrow? Any question? If you can view and create then today we will talk about this. If we're going to do it, let's go to Facebook. But let's see how we do it the day after tomorrow. If you can give access to any page then here But you can see we have come to our Now you have to select that page on the profile This is the role of which you will give further access. If you want, look here I am this one which I created a dummy page, I'm posting it here. I will open this page after knowing it. You have to scroll down on the left hand side. and we will see you in the last If the page settings are correct then click on this settings You have to click on Settings when you If you click, the left hand will be right here On the side you will see an option called Page Role. You will get it, you have to click on it, click on it After doing this, now from here you can go to another You can remove the roles of people. You can assign a new role and from here You can also see what role we have given it. Given, now look at option A here. Assigning a new page role or Existing page roles are whatever your A's are You will find them here, existing No one has the page roll yet. I'm currently the admin of this So what about the particular page, now I am here I will assign a new page role So here first of all you will get a If you want to enter my Gmail ID then I will enter another one of mine. I am entering my second Gmail ID here now. You have to select and enter your Gmail ID. Later, what role do you want to give to this person the day after tomorrow? Do you want the job of Editor, Moderator or Moderator? Only those chats will be Only those who can moderate it can delete it. Your comments can also be seen by anyone inside the live. You can remove the day after tomorrow which is your chats I am coming, you can moderate them Advertising will have access to Only the tree of AIDS will remain with this Analysts should view whatever is being analysed. Can see all the insights of your channel but cannot add or remove anything okay so right now I'm working as an editor I am giving you the axis here now. But just remember one thing if you If you are given admin access then you can do the admin work with it. will be transferred when ownership is transferred Page from one day before yesterday to the next day after tomorrow Then we make him admin, so for now Like we are making an editor, now I will also live the day after tomorrow. The one you want to give access to is yours. You have a friend on your profile okay so you have to do this mixer So look here, like this is a friend. I have added it here to add After that, whatever you want to give access to Yes, editor, now he is an editor, so look at his elders. If I give you all the details then the editor will do everything. Can respond to messages You can create any post. You can create ads by looking inside If you can, then this is the editor's fault. After that the moderator makes those comments I can reduce the number of ads you post But you can delete any comments. Along with this, if you are also on Instagram Yours sincerely, if you are connected So on Instagram also, they are on your page etc. But the comments that came, direct messages came. Yes, they can do it and can also run AIDS. Next is Advertisers So as the name suggests This is known on our Facebook page. You can run ads and the analyst's work would be reduced. So you can see who did it to you I have posted it, I cannot post it myself and You can see the insides with this one because It is rare for them to visit our page. Analyzing and According to Streets If it's okay to make it, I've added it. After adding, when I click on the add So this day after tomorrow is from my channel. You will become an editor just once, father. Security Reason: You must enter your password here. But you will have to add it and we will submit it. If you give it, then look here, the analyst is This question should be answered for the position of The request has now been sent to their email address. If the request comes, they will accept it. That's why this role of this particular page This question will be accessed That is, when you have created a Facebook page It has been well optimised as well. Now how do you tell your friends, family and colleagues Invite him to like your page. He must remember one thing to follow the page. Keep it if someone is your friend on Facebook He's linked to you on your profile But if you have created a page even if this Created your page using your profile So it is not necessary that he should also view the page. He will automatically know the day after tomorrow. You have to tell him and you have to tell him You will have to invite him to follow the page. So today we will see how you To your existing friends How can you invite me further, well how? You can share it on different groups. More and more people had a link to their page Like and follow our page with this Those unknown people who are your friends They also don't know how to share it with you. We will talk about this on our page, so let's go. Let's go to Facebook, so now you are here Look, we have it on our profile. This is not our page, this is our profile. Now from here you have to choose the pet which You want to promote who you want to reach as many people as possible So late this is my page, this page I want to open it like this, okay? See, this is our page A in this page. If you look here on the right hand side A three dot is visible on it like this If you click, there will be an option here. hai invite friends ka invite friends pe When you click, you will see that as many Your friends will come here. There will be three more categories here Selected invited means those who have already been invited You have sent the invitation, it is with this those you have selected and those Don't send the invitation yet, they're all here. But if you go then what will you do now? Like this is a dummy account but as many You also have friends, they are all here. You will go together and select them. If you can, I'll be like here, like this I select it, after selecting it You have to click on Send Invitations. But now all these people have invitations. has gone and they have it like this You will receive a message saying, "I invite you the day after tomorrow." Follow this page or like this page The notification will go to the page that says ok We have existing friends on Facebook. how to invite them and now that you are back If you go to the invitee then you will get no Friends will not be visible because now they are in this Have been to the invited sections Okay, so that's the first method, the second. What is the way to make your page like this? One has to click the Lion option button and After doing this you have to click in this way What are you doing now that your page In the big picture, you are telling people about your We are posting it on our timeline now. This way you will make it public, friends or Then Friends Accept or Specific If you can do this to your friends too, then right now I I am making this public for the sake of making it public. Later you will click on the fear and something like this The way it went with your page You will go and you can take action tomorrow. Okay, so this is how I told you yesterday. Action has been given that guys please follow this New updates on exercises and meanings on the page Whatever your Sarita is now, new update Related Tu Make An New Update Related Tu Fashion is fine, now keep one thing in mind here. See, like today if I say that brother New updates on these particular courses You might know this commercial point is here. What will he get from our page? I want to tell you that brother, like new Updates related to technology words new Updates New Memes New Jokes Same New Makeup tutorial like a mother If you are a makeup artist, then your ultimate goal is What will help you get more leads? I need more and more business But when you invite people to the page If you are doing this then you cannot write this there Makeup Artist Bookings on Which Ones and Which Ones Don't You see the tutorial brother, you can get it for free What am I giving you, then later he will ask you Whether yours converts or not Whether a customer is created or not, that is for later. thing but to get to the page once You have to tell them something that this page If you follow then you will get all these things You will get more details about your tomorrow. You can write the action, after doing this we I'll post it and show you. Let me show you how this post will look. Look at this post in this way. People will see it and it is here that they will see it one by one. You can reach this page by writing and So now like we have done our Posted on profile Big of this page In the same way, whatever different we have In the group we are in You can also share your thoughts in them and for this Along with this you can also use other social media Share your Facebook page on the platform as well You can promote New content on social media every day Some content trades a lot. But after some time his trade It subsides and then new content comes back. But there is one type of content which There is always a lot of relief in trade which can give you engagement and content Its name is memes, yes memes which is social In a way, memes are the lifeblood of the media. The most shareable content is what people Share it with your friends and family And we've talked about this many times. Whether you want to promote any social media If you want to do it then you will have to do it a lot. will give engagement and the content that we The one who gives engagement is less valuable to us. If this happens, even if your educational content Even if you have some fashion related content This is food related content and this is comedy related content. Quantum is entertainment related but Mens is something that fits everywhere We have the power to create something related to education. You are talking about something fashion related, meaning the industry. You can reduce it and make memes related to it. So today in this video we will talk about this. Where to get inspiration for men's Since history has brought new memes, okay, this is it. Also to create mains which They are contents, they are gifts We are going to understand where to get all these things from. If so, see the first thing that comes down Your creativity is now for him to create How to increase it, first of all you have to Start being active on social media You will need a social media manager if you are a market and if you are very It is more important that you are on social media Stay active, now this is what being active means It is not that we use social media day and night. But we know what it is now Which thing is going on in the trade? MIM is it, which is that sound, which is that This is a very popular trade So this thing keeps you aware about the big things. You will have to, if you do not have this thing then you Like the friends etc. you have more If you cannot remain active then have friends etc. Your colleagues have gone, you can talk to them. You can ask him, brother, you are very Social media works, tell me now how are you Popular is going on okay so be like this The other thing is now some platforms It's like Instagram is Facebook But apart from that there is a site which A lot of people don't talk in the big but Date is amazing and what you can do on Instagram The meme content you see on Facebook too No, this also comes from this side and that side His name is Red yes if you reddit him no If you are doing it then start doing it today. It's okay, even if you think of it as marketing. Don't do that, but you can use it as inspiration. If you can definitely do it like this, reddit.com is a The name of the site is so this site media The platform is Reddit and in India right now It is becoming more popular with time but If I talk about western countries, UK, Canada, they get a lot from there. Get traffic and one of the world's d Leading social media platform You have to go to Reddit and here you You will find many related to your content I mean, this platform is famous. Hai for mince anyway ads on reddit etc. also works but for that so much It is not very popular, it is popular If yes, then you can create your account on edit. Spending a lot of money on entertaining men You can extract the content here. You can also go and search out some good ones. You can also search the page but it takes a little So please keep in mind that here some There are dark men and that too in large numbers. If it is popular then that is why you just need that moderation. You have to take care of more than that Follow on social media and watch now here But a question arises that mother, now I Got some mean so what next it's him By copying and we post it on other social media or Then what about your Facebook pages? If you can do it, then don't do this thing. Well, if you want to see Facebook long term or to Instagram or any social media Want to make a name for yourself on the platform Yes, what can you do? You can inspire. Ho, what does inspiration mean to you? I saw someone and you liked him. The meaning of MIM was the fan element I have now taken this from someone else. Did you seduce the women or is it someone else Made a new one by changing it to a new pattern What if you made it creative? Exactly. You didn't copy paste 100%, but If you take inspiration from someone else then this thing you can do but today it's Don't cut out a screenshot and then post it. If you want, give him a credit for the day after tomorrow. It is possible that this particular mean is this I have taken many sarees from Ved which are on social media. There are pages on the media, they do this now I Let me tell you about a side from where you The best gifts for men If you can take it, the name of this side is gify.com So on Give It Com you will find many You will get gifts of these types By doing that you are very creative and good. You can make mince here. And you also need some of your related keywords. You will type like I am here that someone If I type, you will also get information related to it. You will get gifts by downloading this. You can do something in your video. And you can put it in the reeds further ahead. You can add these to your creator. So all the famous memes of famous movies There are grapes, you can get them here You can take these from here and the rest clips etc. Download a movie and download its clip If you can remove it, you can get the content from here. Canva will go you know Canva if You did not do it, you do not know how to do it So in the description box you will see the description of the canvas. You will get the complete course, see the complete course The free course is right for you. Canvas One Canvas of that give it from here Download Get Inspiration from Reddit People can learn from their competitors on Instagram. Create more good memes and share them on your Facebook page Upload on Instagram page and post daily Even if you add two or three minces, they are completely cooked. Two or even three a month which is our mince If it goes viral then that is good enough. I will give you riches and a lot of followers. And ultimately your page will go But there's just a little tape that will help you focus. It always keeps whatever you are putting in your menu. Yes, you are also posting some entertaining content. But that is from your content and from the mains. It should be related if my education is If it is certain then my mind is mine Entertainment is a continent, that too is mine. It will be related to education only, similarly if Maa Lo Make is your channel related to fashion If your business is related to makeup and fashion Your mains will also be related to this. Today in this video we will talk about how We can use Facebook to grow our business your services, your products can promote and here I am just And I will just talk That is, the absolutely free methods without Being anything you do without Facebook How to promote your business We will talk about that before Start Video Complete Facebook Organic A course is going on, it is absolutely free. You will get the link, mature saree video If you look and there are no video options Look, Facebook is the world's most The social media platform that killed him And if I talk about current, then indirect three There are billion active users on Facebook. Target your target among such a large audience Find your audience and reach them with your business Delivering your products Accessing services can be a bit tricky could Yes, you can make the best use of Facebook. If you can, please see the first step. That is, you have to create a Facebook page Look, you must have an account on Facebook. If you don't have it, create it on Facebook. There will be a profile through which you can contact your friends. Do you connect your family with anything? Even if you go on a trip, you post about the story. If you post your own pictures then we call it Is it your Facebook profile or Facebook? But the Facebook page was maili uske hota Anything with a large audience To connect professionally when you her If you want to do Facebook then we will do it for you. When you create a Facebook page, the first thing you should do is The least you have to do is create a business page. is it in the name of your business or you Any products you are selling So if you are doing marketing then Something related to you, some commercial name of it You can keep it like X A S Accessories X A So you can put it something like this, so one How to create a Facebook page If you don't know then ask from the description box Play this link and watch the video. Don't do it in even one video, so there we Completely detailed Shikha is Facebook From creating pages to helping people Important settings, so definitely check them out. So first of all you have to create a Facebook page. The second thing you need to do is How to optimize your Facebook page Optimizing the page means writing it right Keywords by doing it right in the settings By doing this, the maximum settings that you have We need public money which can be used as much as possible Our account reaches more people Access to this as well as a copy of your page You have to write the perfect description of your You have to enter the details of the page in the catalogue Advertise your services and products to us If you also want to know what to do How to do it again, you know what you do Pick it up and watch the video, a particular one for you You will find a video on how to add a catalogue. If you sell your services or products in You can watch the video later. It comes down to posting quantum but Before posting content, we must We have to identify our target Who is the audience we are targeting? Like mom, if you want a makeup This is an artist, from how many to how many inches that the women or the ladies If you want to target then your target If there is an audience, then who else are those people? Visiting pages you are interested in See what content is being posted. But you are getting more reactions from your After identifying the target audience You also need to find out what your What kind of content is the target audience? is consuming, that is, what kind of Quantum is running very high on social Now for this you can use Instagram on media. You can also use Facebook to do the same. It is possible that the richer the more On which posts is A being posted then this type of You can change your contact details according to the content. The streets that are there will be built here now. The next step is to make a perfect Creating a Content Strategy for Your Facebook Page For this you can do it in contact strategy. How many posts will you post for your promotion? Posts which are about our entertainment How many will you put in? How many do you want to put in? I want to post a release, how many posts do I have to post? You have to decide everything, now for this we I will tell you the thumb rule, whatever your Sure, whether you are into fashion related quantum Whether you are making education Whether related The rule will reduce what you have and every social This strategy will reduce your media Which we supply to every client and I We do it and get good results. If so, look at 70% of the content you have to add. You have to enter it on your account that it is trolley free. Content with value means such Content that your audience can consume Did you get something or did you learn something? I get it or I get some entertainment, okay? Like if you're a makeup artist. You gave me a makeup tutorial, okay? You apply lipstick, you apply shadow If you made some tutorial videos like this When the audience liked this video, they got some It is obvious that they got to learn that found and attached to your stomach right now We are not talking about promotion. In education, have you read any chapter like mother? Take your example, you are education related. We sell courses like on example So first you have a quantity in which I am teaching you like you are a so easy Banana taught exploitation media taught a How to develop a WordPress website Meaning you gave them some content for free Valued and when the value is given 70% then what It will be that the audience is those people who consume it. We will do free content, everyone will do something new. Everyone wants to learn and consume new content. wants to do so when you have made them do that If you provide content then I will join your channel. Take a mother like Vid if any of your products Let me take an example like you We sell furniture, okay, very small. Let me take your furniture business as an example. So you made some videos that Useful for people like you have seen in the top 10 2023 Today on Designs and Your House You What did I tell you that these are the 10 designs that are available today? The time is very popular due to which you Decorate your home I told you, okay, like the one in my house How to decorate the living room You gave me history along with the furniture. How to Clean Furniture Above Cleaning How to clean such words Jaye what ise de best way tu clean de stable ok this is very short for any video Search the topic story on YouTube and find a video You can make your own way to clean it. What liquids can I use it on? The audience got to learn something when If you get some entertainment, it will be yours. Now that our audience will connect with the content If you have joined the channel then what should we do now? Now we have to take our promotion to them. Content access means now we have to tell them What do we sell in which business? We do the deal and then from there we target We have got the audience, now it has to give it to the audience. We have to get it converted, okay? in your makeup courses or Then your furniture products If you want to sell, then this is how you can contact If you want to make the number plain then 70% content or else I would say that the majority of your content is useful. An audience should be valuable when If he sees her, he will think that yes, I have also Some Shikha and similar content goes viral And when your quantity is ready then it Create your calendar according to the streets Lee Ye first ko this content will go to second This will go to the third, this is how you Content Plane Completed Made a post, made a video, made it real and Start posting it, it's done now. This will slowly turn your note into a sudden burst. Gradually your page will start going to something else. Ways you can do that on Facebook There are many groups, many such groups Made of a particular net It is related to mother, take makeup If you are an artist, then there are many makeup artists. All the groups will be okay so they need Join them and post your page there. Useful content of your products You are giving promotion to that person. Apart from this, take mother, you can have furniture related How will you find many groups? How to find a group and how to create one You also have to join them for this The playlist in the description box You will definitely find all the videos in it. See how to join the group and What will happen to the group at most? We will connect our recipes with people and make them accessible to you. We will deliver the content with this Posting to you with frequency First you don't post daily but if If the content is going once in two days should go Perfect content planning should be done Along with this, if any season is going on like Christmas season is going on, Diwali season is going on Holi season is going on so its According to the post, life should also be there but As I said, what many people do Only Yes XX Company Limited Exclusive Happy Holi, this is not all you have to do You have to give you some useful content and Then if they want to do the world then in this way You have to plan your content ahead. The one who gets some value, along with this if You have content where you live If you can interact, go live on Facebook. Attract people from time to time They promote the products that Promoting your services and those Sell the action button for them How to add an action button made quite easy You will also have to post a video on your profile for this. If you get it, please watch that video too. So there are many things for you in Facebook. Facebook has become very easy for you. You just need to use the platform that has been created. Do it and promote your business These were some tips by doing which you Promote your business and your services You can do the rest on Facebook Complete Facebook learning has to be done And you never know what works for you Go and that is the thing that will make your page your business. If you get a boost then keep learning something or the other. And it is very simple and you have to do it today because Things are changing with you right now. Never know which content is yours If it goes viral, see you next. The plane is still in the video

- Full Facebook Ads Course and Tutorial in Hindi | Meta Ads Course 2025 | Umar Tazkeer: Kind: captions Language: en

- Facebook Whistleblower Frances Haugen: The 60 Minutes Interview: Kind: captions Language: en her name is francis haugen that is a fact that&nbsp; facebook has been anxious to know since last month&nbsp;&nbsp; when an anonymous former employee filed complaints&nbsp; with federal law enforcement the complaints say&nbsp;&nbsp; facebook's own research shows that it amplifies&nbsp; hate misinformation and political unrest but the&nbsp;&nbsp; company hides what it knows one complaint alleges&nbsp; that facebook's instagram harms teenage girls&nbsp;&nbsp; what makes haugen's complaints unprecedented is&nbsp; the trove of private facebook research she took&nbsp;&nbsp; when she quit in may the documents appeared first&nbsp; last month in the wall street journal but tonight&nbsp;&nbsp; frances haugen is revealing her identity to&nbsp; explain why she became the facebook whistleblower&nbsp;&nbsp; the story will continue in a moment the thing i saw at facebook over and over again&nbsp; was there were conflicts of interest between what&nbsp;&nbsp; was good for the public and what was good for&nbsp; facebook and facebook over and over again chose&nbsp;&nbsp; to optimize for its own interests like making more&nbsp; money francis haugen is 37 a data scientist from&nbsp;&nbsp; iowa with a degree in computer engineering and a&nbsp; harvard master's degree in business for 15 years&nbsp;&nbsp; she's worked for companies including google and&nbsp; pinterest i've seen a bunch of social networks&nbsp;&nbsp; and it was substantially worse at facebook than&nbsp; anything i'd seen before you know someone else&nbsp;&nbsp; might have just quit and moved on and i wonder why&nbsp; you take this stand imagine you know what's going&nbsp;&nbsp; on inside facebook and you know no one on the&nbsp; outside knows i knew what my future looked like&nbsp;&nbsp; if i continued to stay inside of facebook which is&nbsp; person after person after person has tackled this&nbsp;&nbsp; inside of facebook and ground themselves to the&nbsp; ground when and how did it occur to you to take&nbsp;&nbsp; all of these documents out of the company at some&nbsp; point in 2021 i realized okay i'm going to have&nbsp;&nbsp; to do this in a systemic way and i have to get out&nbsp; enough that no one can question that this is real&nbsp;&nbsp; she secretly copied tens of thousands&nbsp; of pages of facebook internal research&nbsp;&nbsp; she says evidence shows that the company is lying&nbsp; to the public about making significant progress&nbsp;&nbsp; against hate violence and misinformation one study&nbsp; she found from this year says we estimate that we&nbsp;&nbsp; may action as little as three to five percent&nbsp; of hate and about six tenths of one percent of&nbsp;&nbsp; violence and incitement on facebook despite&nbsp; being the best in the world at it to quote&nbsp;&nbsp; from another one of the documents you brought&nbsp; out we have evidence from a variety of sources&nbsp;&nbsp; that hate speech divisive political speech and&nbsp; misinformation on facebook and the family of apps&nbsp;&nbsp; are affecting societies around the world when&nbsp; we live in an information environment that is&nbsp;&nbsp; full of angry hateful polarizing content it erodes&nbsp; our civic trust it erodes our faith in each other&nbsp;&nbsp; it erodes our ability to want to care for each&nbsp; other the version of facebook that exists today&nbsp;&nbsp; is tearing our societies apart and&nbsp; causing ethnic violence around the world&nbsp;&nbsp; ethnic violence including myanmar in 2018 when&nbsp; the military used facebook to launch a genocide&nbsp;&nbsp; the first quarter of 2019. francis haugen told&nbsp; us she was recruited by facebook in 2019 she&nbsp;&nbsp; says she agreed to take the job only if she could&nbsp; work against misinformation because she had lost&nbsp;&nbsp; a friend to online conspiracy theories i never&nbsp; wanted anyone to feel the pain that i had felt&nbsp;&nbsp; and i had seen how high the stakes were in terms&nbsp; of making sure there was high quality information&nbsp;&nbsp; on facebook at headquarters she was assigned&nbsp; to civic integrity which worked on risks to&nbsp;&nbsp; elections including misinformation but after&nbsp; this past election there was a turning point&nbsp;&nbsp; they told us we're dissolving civic integrity&nbsp; like they basically said oh good we made it&nbsp;&nbsp; through the election there wasn't riots we can get&nbsp; rid of civic integrity now fast forward a couple&nbsp;&nbsp; months we got the insurrection and when they got&nbsp; rid of civic integrity it was the moment where&nbsp;&nbsp; i was like i don't trust that they're willing to&nbsp; actually invest what needs to be invested to keep&nbsp;&nbsp; facebook from being dangerous facebook says&nbsp; the work of civic integrity was distributed to&nbsp;&nbsp; other units haugen told us the root of facebook's&nbsp; problem is in a change that it made in 2018 to its&nbsp;&nbsp; algorithms the programming that decides&nbsp; what you see on your facebook news feed&nbsp;&nbsp; so you know you have your phone you might see&nbsp; only 100 pieces of content if you sit and scroll&nbsp;&nbsp; off for you know five minutes but facebook&nbsp; has thousands of options it could show you&nbsp;&nbsp; the algorithm picks from those options based on&nbsp; the kind of content you've engaged with the most&nbsp;&nbsp; in the past and one of the consequences of how&nbsp; facebook is picking out that content today is it&nbsp;&nbsp; is optimizing for content that gets engagement&nbsp; or reaction but its own research is showing&nbsp;&nbsp; that content that is hateful that is divisive that&nbsp; is polarizing it's easier to inspire people to&nbsp;&nbsp; anger than it is to other emotions misinformation&nbsp; angry content is enticing to people and keeps&nbsp;&nbsp; them on the platform yes facebook has realized&nbsp; that if they change the algorithm to be safer&nbsp;&nbsp; people will spend less time on the site they'll&nbsp; click on less ads they'll make less money haugen&nbsp;&nbsp; says facebook understood the danger to the 2020&nbsp; election so it turned on safety systems to reduce&nbsp;&nbsp; but many of those changes she says were&nbsp; temporary and as soon as the election was&nbsp;&nbsp; over they turned them back off or they changed&nbsp; the settings back to what they were before&nbsp;&nbsp; to prioritize growth over safety and that&nbsp; really feels like a betrayal of democracy to me&nbsp;&nbsp; facebook says some of the safety systems remained&nbsp; but after the election facebook was used by some&nbsp;&nbsp; to organize the january sixth insurrection&nbsp; prosecutors cite facebook posts as evidence&nbsp;&nbsp; photos of armed partisans and texts including&nbsp; by bullet or ballot restoration of the republic&nbsp;&nbsp; is coming extremists used many platforms but&nbsp; facebook is a recurring theme after the attack&nbsp;&nbsp; facebook employees raged on an internal message&nbsp; board copied by haugen haven't we had enough&nbsp;&nbsp; time to figure out how to manage discourse without&nbsp; enabling violence we looked for positive comments&nbsp;&nbsp; and found this i don't think our leadership&nbsp; team ignores data ignores dissent ignores truth&nbsp;&nbsp; but that drew this reply welcome to facebook&nbsp; i see you just joined in november 2020&nbsp;&nbsp; we have been watching wishy-washy actions&nbsp; of company leadership for years now&nbsp;&nbsp; colleagues cannot conscience working for a&nbsp; company that does not do more to mitigate&nbsp;&nbsp; the negative effects of its platform facebook&nbsp; essentially amplifies the worst of human nature&nbsp;&nbsp; it's one of these unfortunate consequences&nbsp; right no one at facebook is malevolent but&nbsp;&nbsp; the incentives are misaligned right like facebook&nbsp; makes more money when you consume more content&nbsp;&nbsp; people enjoy engaging with things that elicit an&nbsp; emotional reaction and the more anger that they&nbsp;&nbsp; get exposed to the more they interact and more&nbsp; they consume that dynamic led to a complaint to&nbsp;&nbsp; facebook by major political parties across europe&nbsp; this 2019 internal report obtained by haugen&nbsp;&nbsp; says that the parties feel strongly that the&nbsp; change to the algorithm has forced them to skew&nbsp;&nbsp; negative in their communications on facebook&nbsp; leading them into more extreme policy positions&nbsp;&nbsp; the european political parties were essentially&nbsp; saying to facebook the way you've written&nbsp;&nbsp; your algorithm is changing the way we lead our&nbsp; countries yes you are forcing us to take positions&nbsp;&nbsp; that we don't like that we know are bad for&nbsp; society we know if we don't take those positions&nbsp;&nbsp; we won't win in the marketplace of social media&nbsp; evidence of harm she says extends to facebook's&nbsp;&nbsp; instagram app one of the facebook internal studies&nbsp; that you found talks about how instagram harms&nbsp;&nbsp; teenage girls oh yeah one study says 13 and a&nbsp; half percent of teen girls say instagram makes&nbsp;&nbsp; thoughts of suicide worse 17 of teen girls say&nbsp; instagram makes eating disorders worse and what's&nbsp;&nbsp; super tragic is facebook's own research says as&nbsp; these young women begin to consume this eating&nbsp;&nbsp; disorder content they get more and more depressed&nbsp; and it actually makes them use the app more&nbsp;&nbsp; and so they end up in this feedback cycle&nbsp; where they hate their bodies more and more&nbsp;&nbsp; facebook's own research says it is not&nbsp; just that instagram is dangerous for&nbsp;&nbsp; teenagers that it harms teenagers it's that it is&nbsp; distinctly worse than other forms of social media&nbsp;&nbsp; facebook said just last week it would postpone&nbsp; plans to create an instagram for younger children&nbsp;&nbsp; last month haugen's lawyers filed at least&nbsp; eight complaints with the securities and&nbsp;&nbsp; exchange commission which enforces the law in&nbsp; financial markets the complaints compare the&nbsp;&nbsp; internal research with the company's public face&nbsp; often that of ceo mark zuckerberg here testifying&nbsp;&nbsp; remotely to congress last march we removed content&nbsp; that could lead to imminent real world harm&nbsp;&nbsp; we've built an unprecedented third-party&nbsp; fact-checking program the system isn't perfect but&nbsp;&nbsp; it's the best approach that we've found to address&nbsp; misinformation in line with our country's values&nbsp;&nbsp; one of francis haugen's lawyers is john tai he's&nbsp; the founder of a washington legal group called&nbsp;&nbsp; whistleblower aid what is the legal theory behind&nbsp; going to the sec what laws are you alleging have&nbsp;&nbsp; been broken as a publicly traded company facebook&nbsp; is required to not lie to its investors or even&nbsp;&nbsp; withhold material information so the&nbsp; sec regularly brings enforcement actions&nbsp;&nbsp; alleging that companies like facebook and others&nbsp; are making material misstatements and omissions&nbsp;&nbsp; that affect investors adversely one of the things&nbsp; that facebook might allege is that she stole&nbsp;&nbsp; company documents the dodd-frank act passed&nbsp; over 10 years ago at this point created uh&nbsp;&nbsp; an office of the whistleblower inside the sec and&nbsp; one of the provisions of that law says that no&nbsp;&nbsp; company can prohibit its employees from&nbsp; from communicating with the sec and sharing&nbsp;&nbsp; internal corporate documents with the&nbsp; sec i have a lot of empathy for mark&nbsp;&nbsp; and mark has never set out to make a hateful&nbsp; platform but he has allowed choices to be made&nbsp;&nbsp; where the side effects of those choices are that&nbsp; hateful polarizing content gets more distribution&nbsp;&nbsp; more reach facebook declined an interview but&nbsp; in a written statement to 60 minutes it said&nbsp;&nbsp; every day our teams have to balance protecting&nbsp; the right of billions of people to express&nbsp;&nbsp; themselves openly with the need to keep our&nbsp; platform a safe and positive place we continue&nbsp;&nbsp; to make significant improvements to tackle the&nbsp; spread of misinformation and harmful content&nbsp;&nbsp; to suggest we encourage bad content and do nothing&nbsp; is just not true if any research had identified an&nbsp;&nbsp; exact solution to these complex challenges&nbsp; the tech industry governments and society&nbsp;&nbsp; would have solved them a long time ago facebook&nbsp; is a one trillion dollar company just 17 years&nbsp;&nbsp; old it has 2.8 billion users which is 60 percent&nbsp; of all internet connected people on earth francis&nbsp;&nbsp; haugen plans to testify before congress this week&nbsp; she believes the federal government should impose&nbsp;&nbsp; regulations facebook has demonstrated they cannot&nbsp; act independently facebook over and over again has&nbsp;&nbsp; shown it uses profit over safety it is subsidizing&nbsp; is paying for its profits with our safety&nbsp;&nbsp; i'm hoping that this will have had a big&nbsp; enough impact on the world that they get&nbsp;&nbsp; the fortitude and the motivation to actually go&nbsp; put those regulations into place that's my hope more from the facebook whistleblower publishers&nbsp;&nbsp; know you are more likely to engage with angry&nbsp; content at 60minutesovertime.com by colaguard

- Top 10 Best FACEBOOK ALTERNATIVES You Should Try!: Kind: captions Language: en there are many reasons why people choose to leave facebook privacy concerns censorship and the constant security breaches and leaks seem to be the primary reasons including this recent data leak affecting more than half a billion users whatever your reason is for leaving the platform coming up i'll share with you 10 social media alternatives to facebook while none of these will have all the features facebook has i do encourage you to try some of these out you just might find one that fits your needs first up in no particular order is mewi if you're looking for a true alternative to facebook miwi might be your best bet it offers just about every feature that you'll find on facebook with better privacy as their slogan states your private life is hashtag not for sale no ads no spyware no bs posts are shown in a chronological order and not based on any algorithm you decide on which type of content appears in your news feed they also don't sell any of their users personal data it should be noted one of their advisors is sir tim berners-lee the inventor of the world wide web in addition to their website miwi is also available for both ios and android vero just like miwi has no ads no data mining and the results are not listed based on algorithms not being fully featured viral more resembles the facebook owned instagram as a place to share photos and links the feed is in a chronological order and you control what is shared with friends followers and the public for each post to access vero there's no website it's only available with apps for android and ios in the latest update to their app they've improved their chat feature and you can now make voice and video calls another platform people have been flocking to over the last couple of years is minds this privacy oriented open source social network describes themselves as the anti-facebook crypto social network stated simply the three core principles offers more transparency and accountability with less bias censorship and more diverse discourse minds is available on the web with apps also available for android and ios while the service is free they've introduced a new premium model starting at five dollars per month called minds plus this gives users access to new features and helps creators to get paid for popular content in us dollars bitcoin and ether mastodon while having some features that are similar to facebook is more closely an alternative to twitter it's ad free there's a limit of 500 characters and unlike twitter you can post anything you want mastodon is a decentralized platform there's no official apps or dedicated website and no single person or company runs it instead users create their own version of mastodon called an instance each instance is community operated with their own set of rules ds4 is another decentralized platform like mastodon but is more similar to facebook than twitter instead of an instance on ds4 uses create or register with what is known as a pod comparing ds4 to mastodon if you just want something with similar functions to facebook go with diaspora otherwise if your goal is to interact with more people mastodon is a better choice now with four times as many users as diaspora with the five remaining being more niche i'll go through the rest of these at a quicker pace first of which is next door sorry guys this is not a dating app that lets you date the girl next door the social network actually helps you to stay up to date with what's going on in your neighborhood rafter is a platform with terrible marketing and an even worse name based on the name you think this is a platform for outdoorsmen but believe it or not the service is for college students to connect with other students and to keep up with what's happening at their school ello with more than a million active users is geared towards creatives that helps to connect artists and designers but beware some of the content may not be safe for work unless you're someone that works from home linkedin is a very popular social network geared towards professionals it allows users to engage with other professionals and develop relationships that can become more personal while linkedin may be a subsidiary of microsoft don't let that dissuade you i've known many people that have received employment by using this platform just know that their history with data leaks is not that great either reddit is a social news aggregator and discussion website where you can submit content into sub forms they call subreddits on just about any topic of interest to you these posts get voted up and down and discussed by other members in the community if your primary reason for using facebook is to post and discuss various topics this platform is to you but if you're concerned about censorship it's probably best that you avoid using it thanks for watching links to the sites mentioned are in the description if this video is useful for you give it a thumbs up and share with others what is your favorite social media site let us know about it in the comments and if you're new to our channel hit subscribe and smash the notification bell so you don't miss out on our latest top 10s and other tech related stuff here on techcombo

- What Meta Means by 'Creative Diversity' (And What They Don’t Tell You): Kind: captions Language: en Let me start with a question. How many ads have you built recently just because Meta told you to? Different formats, different text, different visuals, different angles, and yet Meta still spends on two of them. If you've ever looked at your ad account and thought, "Why did I even bother creating all these ads?" This video is for you. Because ever since Meta announced Andromeda, creative diversification has become the buzzword everyone's throwing around, and most advertisers are misunderstanding what it actually means. So, in this video, I'm going to show you how to lean into creative diversity without burning time, money, or sanity using a simple approach I call stacking creative diversity. And stay with me to the end because this one shift alone will change how you build ads going forward. Before we get into it, here's why you should listen to me. I spend every single day inside Real Meta Ads. Inside the ads clinic, we support hundreds of small to medium-sized businesses, all dealing with Andromeda's quirks, delivery behavior, creative fatigue, and the reality of modern meta advertising. Because of that, I get to see patterns you don't see when you're only inside your own account. I see what works at different budget levels, what wastes resources, and what meta actually rewards in the real world, not just in documentation. So, what I'm about to walk you through isn't theory. It's how we approach creative diversification practically inside live accounts. Now let's talk about creative diversity. Since Andromeda, Meta has been very clear about one thing. They want advertisers to rely less on targeting and more on creative. That means diversity in formats like statics, videos and carousels, messaging, different pain points, desires and solutions and personas, different types of customers, visuals, different looks, not just slight tweaks. And if you take meta literally, it can feel really overwhelming because suddenly it sounds like you need a 10, 20, even 30 live ads all at once. But here's the truth most advertisers need to hear. Most people should not take meta literally. If you have a massive budget and a full creative team, great. Churn out variations and test aggressively. But for most advertisers, that approach is a waste of time and resource. Meta will pick a small number of ads to spend on, and most of your diverse creative will barely get shown. That doesn't mean you ignore creative diversity. It means you approach it in the spirit of diversity, not as a checklist. And this is where stacking comes in. Stacking creative diversity means you don't try to do everything at once. You do it in phases. You build diversity over time based on what you learn and not guesswork. Let me give you an example. I launched a new ad to promote a lead magnet. Before touching ads manager, I defined one clear theme. Who is the customer? What problem are we speaking to? And what message it is? I also wrote five primary text and options and aligned headlines. So, the message was consistent. What I didn't know yet was which visual direction would work best. So, I decided to start with static images. Very simple, flat backgrounds with text. But instead of guessing the design, I created five versions of the same ad. Same copy, same headline structure. The only difference was color. One white, one black, one green, one blue, and one orange. Now, Meta will tell you this isn't creative diversity. And technically, they're right. But that wasn't the goal. The goal was to learn which visual direction earns attention. So, I launched the adset using Meta's creative testing tool. 7-day test, equal budget distribution, no algorithm bias. That way, I wasn't guessing which version worked. Each one actually got a fair shot. Once the test ended, Meta started allocating spend naturally. As expected, it focused most of the budget on one or two ads. Then I let the ads set run normally for another week. At this point, if you look at the adset, it's not perfectly diverse by meta's definition anyway. But here's the key question. Is it performing? If yes, I don't touch it. Results beat theory every single time. Now comes phase two. Only if it's needed. This is where stacking starts to matter. Instead of making small tweaks to the existing ads, I create a completely different second batch. If the first set was static images, the next set might be videos, different visuals, different hooks, different messaging, possibly even a different customer persona. These ads are uniquely different from the first group. But again, I don't just dump them into the ad set and hope I run another structure to test inside the same adset using a portion of the budget. I test, learn, let Meta distribute the spend. Then we let it run. After a couple of weeks, I step back and ask one simple question. How is this outset performing overall? If performance is strong, I stop. If there's room to improve, I add. Rinse and repeat. This is what stacking creative diversity actually looks like. You're not trying to win on one day. You're building diversity intentionally based on data. And here's the most important part. You might not need many ads at all. If the first app performs well, you may never need to add anymore. Stacking isn't about creating more ads. It's about creating the right ads at the right time for the right reason. So, here's the takeaway. I fully support creative diversity, but I strongly discourage most advertisers from trying to do everything up front. That's blind testing. And blind testing usually leads to wasted time, wasted money, and frustration. Start with one clear theme, test one properly, learn from it, then build the next stack based on real signals. That's how you stay aligned with Andromeda without letting it run your strategy. And that's how you get focus, efficiency, and better results without burning yourself out and creating ads that never get shown. I hope that helps. And if you like what you're hearing and you want to get more support, click the link below in the description and join my school. See you there.

- AdScouter Review | Most Advanced Facebook & Instagram Ad Spy Tool for 2020: Kind: captions Language: en are you spending endless amounts of money on an ad campaign that doesn't even work researching for hours trying to create an ad that is going to convert looking for something new that can boost your online business and put your miles ahead of your competition let me introduce you to something new that will help you to achieve all this and more in a fraction of the time hi my name is yolanda from the review and tutorial happened if you would like to stay up to date with the latest and greatest software and courses out there to boost your online business please subscribe with the bell on so i can send you a personal message every time i upload a video well let's get into today's video to show you this amazing tool that will certainly put you ahead of the game this amazing tool is called ad scouter so what is ad scouter you may ask well ad scouter is a high quality software that helps its user to find winning profitable ad campaigns ethically so you as a user will have access to a database where you can filter search through and copy already successful ad campaigns being run through facebook instagram and messenger no more endless scrolling down your news feed trying to find a competit competitor's ad to regenerate this application has it all in one so how does this work and how can this be ethical well the developers of ad scouter developed a formula that looked at how long a specific ad in a specific niche has been running on facebook and instagram because the longer the ad has been running the more likely it is that it is generating a positive roi return on investment so when an ad appears on your search results you will be able to see the in real time how long the ad has been running read comments below the ad see how much activity the ad has and on which platform these ads are being run the most important unique tool ads caro has is that it will show you the ads profit score if it is extremely profitable profitable or it's still in testing phase ad scouter will give you all the information you need to determine which ad you want to replicate and use that you can also start your ad campaigns knowing that it could be a highly profitable because it has been tested already so no more shooting in the dock and hoping for the best so what boots adds cutter ahead of all the other software well in the following pointers you'll certainly see that they have a couple of unique and interesting tools that will certainly assist you like rapid ad addiction system and accurately assesses profitability of ad discover platforms the ad is running on object detection ai to find objects and add know how long the ad has been running add current status find ads in 60 plus languages complete analytics of advertiser and unlimited search tools when you sign up with caro you'll not only receive this awesome and powerful tool you'll also receive start-up bonuses to the value of 2685 dollars like for instance bonus one training a bonus to an agency website bonus 3 contact business swipes business 4 stock finder app bonus 5 social media toolkit and many more this is certainly a tool that needs to be investigated pretty amazing but that's not all if you buy through the link in my description you will also find a coupon code to use when checking out to receive a further discount still not convinced or does this sound too good to be true well i created a demo video for you to watch to see how easy user friendly and powerful this application is okay so we're now on my computer and this is headscatter and this is the software that i'm really excited about and the reason i'm really excited about it is that it does something very accurately that i don't think any software in the past has done before and that is it gives you an opportunity to learn from what your competition are doing right now and basically duplicate it do the same thing and get similar results so with the software you'll be able to search for different campaigns via keyword you'll be able to also sniper specific competitors of yours that you would like to follow target and you can see even you can be notified when they enlist new campaigns when they make changes to their campaigns and you can be up to date as if you were you know behind the scenes of their campaign seeing exactly what they're doing that's why this is so powerful for you and your clients you can literally use the software to immediately fully and entirely understand what's working on facebook for whatever niche you want to and the way you do that is by running a quick search so i've run a keyword here i've put in sales funnels and you can search through all of the different ads that you can see here so add text cta button cta text that's called action button called the action text the domain name you can search for specific domain names you can search for images like for example you could search for text in images so you can see in this image here winning sales letters if i typed winning sales letters in here it would come up with all of the ads using that text within the images right now you can also use carousel search which basically will find all of the carousel ads as well you can search via platform so facebook messenger instagram you can search for image ads you can search specifically for video ads or carousel ads you can search for active ads versus inactive ads and you do something which is called uh searching round profit score so profit score is really cool because it shows you based on a algorithm that we've created and added into our scatter which ads are performing the very best right now so through this you can see that these ads have different uh little labels here this sam because it's been running for a long time it has a lot of engagement and we've put it through our algorithm and found that it's a very profitable ad we can then identify that as an extremely profitable ad we can label it as an extremely profitable ad and you can use that to filter the information here to make sure you're only looking at profitable ads for example you can also filter the language so if i just wanted to find english for example i can just find english but this will work with all languages and if i wanted a sniper specific competitors i can do that as well the search itself is very quick i've been having a few internet troubles today so it may be slightly longer than it would be for you but usually you can search for a term within the software within a matter of seconds you'll be able to bring up hundreds if not thousands of different results for that keyword the larger the amount of keywords or the more broad the keyword you enter in the longer it's going to take however max time i think it's ever taken with a search is about one minute to process all of those ads that are for that particular search so in a moment here it's going to load up all these different ads and as you can see here we now have all of these different ads now you'll see that i changed some of the filters so i only wanted to see extremely profitable ads highly profitable ads ads that are making money and you can see now my results have changed i can now see different ads that are here now if for example i find a particular advertiser that i really like i could save that advertiser and i could add them to my campaign so i could say for example sales funnel and if i find some advertisers that i want to add into this and track i can create and save that and what that means is that i can track all of ted mcgrath's ads for example across facebook and i can be notified um as to what he's doing and i can also visit it in future i can look at his ads in the future if i wanted to i could also see all of the current ads that ted mcgraw is running for his facebook page currently he's running a total of 107 ads which means that many of those will be profitable i can dig deeper into them with this version of the software as well and i'm able to then have a look at all of the different ads that ted mcgraw is using and i'm able to see him as a competitor and identify what's working for him right now and learn from this and then use that information as well because you're able to view the entire ad as well what i can do is i can actually click through the ad and i can use that information that i learned to visit his sales funnels visitors websites and i can basically reverse engineer exactly what this advertiser is so i'm able to quickly go over to facebook i can view his funnel and now i can start to reverse engineer what he's and what's working in the nice that i'm trying to target and this will work with all niches you know fitness local marketing niches such as cafes restaurants you know consultancies all of that works through this software now let's say for example i wanted to reset the search and i wanted to choose a specific advertiser that i've seen is doing very well doodly is one of those advertisers right now dudley i believe is doing very over facebook so i can type in doodly here and now what it's going to do is it's going to come up with a bunch of different options it's going to find the right option in just a moment dude lee i believe that sat there so it should now find doodly there it is and now what i can do is i can click search so it'll search now for the specific advertiser doodly and you can see here that um it's come a bunch of different results one moment there i need to tick that and search again and that's going to find doodling cool here it is so dudley is a video software so if i was a video someone doing a video software campaign i would want some inspiration and doodly would be one of the places that i'd go for inspiration i could follow doodly to get updates on their ads i could visit their facebook page what i mostly want to see is i want to see which ads are working really well now so i would view the text i could copy this and i could start changing this text for my own offer i could view the video and i could see that this video is something that i may want to replicate myself i can see this my video designer show them what's working right now i can even download this if i wanted to so i can actually download this video and i can then use that information i could download this image if i wanted to and i can basically view all of this different advertisers ads i can view their page and i can even go further than that and i can actually do this thing called view on ad library so view on ad library is going to take me over to facebook and it actually provides me a full library of information about doodly their advertising profile and their history so i can see which ads they've run in the past i can see which ads they're running now i can see when those ads begun and i can also find out more information about what they're doing right now and i can see if they've made any changes as well now one of the things that i've just learned from doing this is that doodly is not only advertising to an english market which if i'm a video advertiser is very interesting to me because i should then be advertising to similar markets to what they're advertising to and you can see that doodly's ads change depending on who they're targeting so to their spanish audience they're using this specific type of ad which is very interesting so what i could do is i could use this information to do my own research and then i could create a similar offer to what doodlee has done here i'm assuming as well that they're probably yeah they have translated their website and it actually looks different to their spanish audience so they must be doing quite well if they're able to then adjust their campaign to that spanish audience and make money doing that so this software it has a ton of potential the other features that the software has within the upgrades is you can actually upload an image or upload some text and then the software will use an ai engine it'll actually find all of the relevant that come up with that same image so if i was looking to jump into selling watches for example i found a good supplier and i wanted to see if any other advertisers are making money on facebook right now with a similar watch i could then grab a photo of that watch that piece of clothing that bracelet i could upload it into facebook then from there i could do a scan and i could find all of the images and ads that are running that look very similar to that particular product that i want to sell and i can see whether their ads are profitable or not whether they've been running for a long period of time and then based on that information i can then choose whether i want to use that uh in future or um and i want to buy and import those products or i want to sell them um or i can find other products that are actually working really well over facebook right now by tracking which ads are extremely profitable and i could then use and sell those products for my e-commerce store opposed from the other ones that i might have been thinking about before so this software in short saves you thousands of dollars in testing because you don't need to do so much testing you can simply learn from your competitors and use that information for yourself and your own campaigns to then duplicate their campaigns and make money yourself you can also save a lot of time with the software as well because you can simply share the images that are working right now with your designer or you can duplicate similar ads to different audiences in different markets different target audiences and you also read exactly what they're saying to their audience as well so you can actually just copy this message adjust it see what kind of emojis they're using what kind of offer they're using as well this is really interesting 67 the regular price is 468 dollars per year there must be something about that you can also see which specific landing page they're leading people to because it's different for some advertisers they actually see here this url is different from this url they're actually using directing this ad to this specific url and then their video ads they're actually directing to a different url so i could find out why that's the case so i could go to this url and i could go to the other url and compare the differences what's different and why have they done that i can also see that this has been running since may so this is an extremely profitable ad and this one's a newer ad which has been running since the 16th of september which means that the older ad is still really profitable and the newer ad um you know it's still gathering data it's getting information but if it's running for another month maybe i start to use that for inspiration and creating other ad campaigns myself as well if you wanted to give your designer inspiration all you need to do is go through copy the best ads that your competitors are using send them over to your designer and your designer will be able to create ads that look similar to those profitable ads for you to run and test as well so this software is going to basically unlock all of your competition's information for you to access and you'll be able to gain an unfair advantage because you'll be able to literally see whenever your campaign whenever your competitors are starting up new campaigns what those campaigns look like and tap into a massive massive database filled with profitable facebook ads that are running on facebook right now as you can hear i'm extremely excited about the software i think this is something that's genuinely going to save people a lot of money and really help to create a lot of profitable campaigns over facebook for you and your clients so if you'd like to download access down below we've got a really special deal for this it's a one-time cost um we're going to be revolutionizing how advertisers are advertising over and really changing the game with this software because it's just so accurate with this data it's so accurate with the data it provides i know you're going to love it so um go down below get access to all of the bonus bonuses take advantage of this offer um i'm excited and i hope you i get a lot of um you know really good results out of the software thanks for listening this is sam becker i'll see you again talk to you soon see you later with this being said find all the relevant links to the this product in the description of this video and also note that this is my affiliate link which i will earn a small profit if you choose to buy this product using my link in the description thank you for listening and i hope you take action and get ahead till next time bye [Music] you

- How To Install Facebook Pixel on Wix | Beginners Guide [2022]: Kind: captions Language: en hey guys stuart here welcome back to this channel and thanks for dropping in if it's your first time here now today i'm going to dive into an updated facebook pixel tutorial for wix and simply walk you through the step-by-step process of installing the facebook pixel onto your wix website so that you can start tracking important events happening on your website okay so before we dive into this brief facebook pixel tutorial consider subscribing if you haven't done so already or if you're new to this channel and that way you'll stay updated with actionable videos and tutorials designed to equip you with the skills knowledge and tools to help your small business thrive online and with that quick note out the way let's jump over to my computer and walk you through the simple onto your wix website alright let's get into it [Music] okay so just quickly before we get started it's important to note that if you want to connect your facebook pixel with your wix website then you will need a premium wix plan as well as a custom domain connected to your wix website okay so the first thing that we want to do is head over to our ads manager now to arrive here you can simply head over to your browser and type in facebook.com forward slash ads manager and that should take you here then simply navigate up to the top and make sure that you have the correct account selected now if you currently do not have a business manager then what i'll do is link a beginner's tutorial up above and down below in the description that will guide you through the process of setting up your business manager inside facebook and your business manager is going to allow you to add and manage ad accounts and within your ad account this is where you can create a new pixel okay so once you've arrived inside your ads manager simply navigate over to the left hand side over to all tools click here then simply navigate down and locate events manager then simply navigate down to connect data and then simply click web because we want to connect our wix website to share activity that occurs online including viewing content add to cart and purchase events so basically what we want to do is track all the important events happening on our wix website when we run facebook campaigns then simply navigate over to connect and then here we want to name our pixel so go ahead and name your pixel most likely you're going to name it your website and then pixel we're going to go ahead and do that then once you've named your new pixel that we're going to install on our wix website simply go ahead and click create pixel then go ahead and simply add your wix url in here and then once you enter in your wix url in the correct format just like this simply come down and click tick then click next then navigate up to conversions api and meta pixel this is recommended we want to connect this option up here and down here you will see the pixel that we want to use now what we're going to do is log into our wix website and set up the connection so go ahead and log into your wix website then once you've logged into your wix dashboard simply navigate down to marketing and seo on the left hand side and then locate marketing integrations then simply find facebook pixel and capi then come down and click connect then go ahead and click connect to facebook then go ahead and select your profile then come down to grant permission to connect wix marketing tools to facebook then navigate up to business manager and make sure you have the correct business manager selected and then select the pixel that we just created what you want to do is make sure the id is correct then come down and click continue again make sure that you have the correct business manager selected and then you have the correct meta pixel selected then ensure that the automatic advanced matching is turned on and then come down and click continue then wix is going to tell you what the wix marketing tools are allowed to do and congratulations just like that you're all set now that you've connected your website to facebook you can help more people discover your business find people who are likely to buy your products and services measure the results of actions taken on your website so go ahead and click done and congratulations just like that you connected facebook pixel with wix and now what we're going to do is head back to our events manager inside and then navigate down and click next and next again and then simply click close and then simply navigate over to the far left hand side come down and select data sources and then click on the pixel that we just created then navigate over to test events then simply navigate down to test browser events and here what we're just going to do is add our website url then come down and click open website and that should open up your website now simply head back to your facebook events manager and as you can see a page on our website has been viewed what you want to do is also test all the different pages on your website to make sure that all your pages are being tracked properly then what we can do is navigate up to create and we can come down and click create a custom conversion and for example if you're selling products on your website then what you would do is navigate up to name and identify the name of this custom conversion add a description make sure that you have your pixel selected then ensure all url traffic is selected then navigate down to rules and then come down make sure you have url and contains selected and simply add the url of the success page that people arrive to once they've purchased a product on your website and that's going to track those conversions now if you're tracking form submissions so for example in lead generation then what you would do is click on contains and then select equals and add the url of the thank you page that people arrive to once they've filled out their information and become a lead then simply go ahead and click create so i hope that makes sense now you can start tracking events that are happening on your website when you drive traffic from facebook using facebook ads to your website and as you can see it's as simple as that to connect the facebook pixel with your wix website there we have it for this facebook pixel tutorial for wix now if you have any questions about this process make sure to pop them down below and with that said thank you so much for watching this tutorial all the way through to the end if you got value make sure you leave a like and subscribe to this channel and that way i'll see you in the next video take care guys

- Blogger Post SEO Settings - Rank Blogger Post In Google Search List/ Post SEO Optimization @OnTeque: Kind: captions Language: en So today we will see how you can see all the settings given on this side of any post here, the post settings are written, how can you set these settings correctly and your points which you have written in blogger's post. From that you can rank well in the search list or you can bring it from the list with Google, what people do is that they focus on the words and or focus on the words and what they do, then write the post. Let 's take it as if I have written posts and ladies here, but what do they do, those who do not use the post settings well there, then what is the point of this if their poster does not rank then I Today I will tell how you can put labels in the post on your blog and how to use all the features here, you can rank your blog post in the Google sites list, then the first one goes to the settings. And what is the label of your labels, I show you where a bird is seen, so here I am I am showing you by editing the same post here , I have opened this post here in the second test and here I show that here you can see first I put blogger here then earn money That is, the topic that you put text on your YouTube, in the same way the label name is given here, that is, you have to tax the tag, all the keywords related to your topic will be there, you will earn here with. If you have to add here, then here I will show you how if you apply some tech here, how does it appear in the post exactly as if you will roll it in this post, then at the bottom you will see the text here. If you go, here you can see that the same tap is visible here in the tag, then it gets converted into just a link, see here the tech is written here but the label is written here OK So all these things, then what you have to do is that the cost will be related to you, then the keywords will be all of us that what you have to do. What to do is to put in these labels but there is a word limit in it, so what you have to do is within the word limit, you have to write here next comes your article, after that you have to publish time here or public porn porn according to your own . By removing this date from automatic, you can give your own time, either you can post it in the past i.e. how can you take it back to the back or you can do it tuesday for the future, on what date and comment so that If posted, here you can also control the timing, on how many dates it happened nearby or on how many dates in the future it should be fabric, then comes what happens in the links links, you can also custom links from here. If it has been made public, then what is the gender here that customers cannot do now, but if you are going to publish then there you will have two options of custom link and one which is already system generated link, then you can according to your own. It could also be customized, what should be the channel, if the penis is small, then whatever is right by def If the default gender comes, it is small, then leave it alone or if you feel that there is a keyword meeting in it, then you can add it a little bit bigger, after that the title gender remains and you don't want all that is fine. After that you have to set the location, then what can you do from here ? If some topic is searched worldwide, then it is not a part of the location, but some topics become pimple viral like if some person of this area is going viral or that question is very famous. If this is happening, then people of that region will also search more, then after that the question of location, it is useful in this list, otherwise it does not work if your post knowledge is then the topic that someone searches for then its There is no work next this which is main important is very important what you have to do in this search description sir description If you have written the title first or not the title, then at least you have to write big that using the long oil keyboard has got more uprooted place in the search list in Google i.e. we are at the top of your website or jokes. If he comes, then you have to write at least a slightly longer title, what to do first of all, copy the full title of that title and put it in a simple slide description, if after that 150 words are not happening then what should you do? You have to go to Google, after going to Google, you have to hit the topic related words like what I was here, infections were revenue, then I kill here these one send revenue after that you have to hit enter after typing the keyword Kunwar is looking at some questions here . Or you will find many such squares that you can see the portion below. Will this all be related to the morning of adams, then it is all yours , it is searched in google, with this important keyboard, so what can you do by copying it, simply you can put it in the search description, after that comes the image To issue, what you have to do in the image is that if the image is placed in your post, then you have to click once in it , after that you will see the settings like button here, you have to click on it, after that you have to do the same thing . Whatever topic you have to do from the internet, like if you get lost here, then copy the gestures and all the questions I have forgotten here are all the questions that will be related to your top , what will you do simply by copying the gesture , which is the alternative here. Tax has been given, we will copy paste from you in that portion and the post which will be tight, you can also put it in the title text, which will be Himesh's title, then you can put it in this way if you set your Blog post that Google search will rank very well in this and very quickly in the search list will start coming

- How to create Omnipresent Facebook Ads: Kind: captions Language: en have you ever had that feeling that there must be a better way to advertise on facebook a way to get much better results well you weren't wrong there is and i'm going to show you exactly how to do it in this video it's called the omnipresent content strategy and if facebook ads are important to your business this is a video you're going to want to pay close attention to so what is the omnipresent content strategy it's a longer term approach to facebook advertising that is designed to put you and your business in front of your ideal customers more often and more consistently than any of your competition and do so in a way that develops a relationship between you and your customers so that you become the only business they want to buy from that is what really winning with facebook ads looks like and when you go through the exact steps that i'm about to show you you're also able to charge much higher prices let me give you an example i regularly sell one hour consulting sessions for a thousand pounds each that's about thirteen hundred dollars that i get paid for a one-hour zoom call by the way you can go and book one of these on my website if you're interested now you might be wondering how on earth i manage that it's because of the omnipresent content strategy i have developed a relationship with my target audience they know who i am and they know the value that i can deliver when no one knew who i was six years ago i couldn't sell a consulting session for 10 pounds let alone a thousand pounds at that point i just blended into the sea of facebook advertisers just like everyone else ready to create your first omnipresent content campaign let's do it head into ads manager and click on the green plus create button then select the reach objective if you've got the new campaign objective menu that facebook is rolling out and you don't have reach you can use awareness instead it works exactly the same then click continue and give your new omnipresent content campaign a name then navigate to the ad set level there's nothing else you need to do at the campaign level for this type of campaign and you certainly don't want to turn on campaign budget optimization scroll down and set your daily budget at one pound or one dollar or an equivalent for this ad set don't worry that'll make more sense in a minute then scroll down to the audience section when it comes to targeting for omnipresent content campaigns you need to do things quite differently instead of targeting a broad audience and then allowing facebook to work out who best to target we're going to be really specific and narrow down our audience instead the best option for you will depend on your business and whether or not you already have an audience if you already have a warm audience with 10 000 people or more in it firstly congratulations that's awesome then you can go ahead and target that and that warm audience doesn't have to be a particular type it could be an email list it could be website visitors it could be facebook page engages video viewers whatever you have creating custom audiences is beyond the scope of this video but if you want more info on that check out the video description below there'll be a link to a full custom audience tutorial video there if you don't have 10 000 or more people in a warm audience yet no problem you can use detailed targeting options for that but first we need to add in the other targeting criteria let's start with location targeting change the top bar to people living in this location then enter the location where the majority of your best customers live if you're a local business that's likely to be an area around your location if you sell your products or services nationally or internationally that i'd recommend choosing one country to start with or potentially even a state or region if the country you operate in is highly populated remember we want to be more specific with our targeting here than we usually are here's why the ideal audience size for an omnipresent content campaign is just 50 000 to 100 000 people that's much smaller than i would usually recommend and you want to keep that in mind as you add in your other targeting criteria next you need to select age range how narrow or wide you go here depends on your audience size based on your location target local businesses will likely need to stay quite broad whereas national and international advertisers often want to be more specific next is gender some businesses are heavily skewed one way or the other but for the majority of businesses all will do the trick then assuming you aren't targeting a custom audience we move on to detailed targeting enter a term that is related to the products and services that you sell then click on suggestions that will bring up a lot of targeting options that are related to whatever you entered i would then go through the most relevant ones and see which ones give you an audience size that's 50 to 100 000. you may need to adjust some of your other targeting criteria such as age and location in order to get the right audience size ideally you would only use one detailed targeting option here but if all the relevant options are too large then you can use the narrow audience function doing so makes your audience more specific and can reduce your overall audience size then scroll down to the placement section here we cannot use automatic placements when using the reach objective facebook will show your ads in the cheapest and lowest quality locations across facebook and instagram unless you specifically tell it not to select manual placements instead then remove the audience network and then scroll down and remove anything that isn't feeds and stories there's a lot of placement options and getting rid of the lower quality ones is well worth it by doing this we are making sure that your audience will only see your ads in locations where they are much more likely to engage with which is obviously really important then scroll down to the optimization and delivery section now this is one of the most important parts of an omnipresence content campaign we're going to set a frequency cap frequency caps limit the number of times someone within your audience sees your ads over a certain time period now facebook kind of hides this feature but here's how you do it right at the bottom click on the show more options button then click edit alongside the frequency cap and change it to one impression every five days i'll explain why in a minute then you want to click out of the ad set and then just underneath the ad set name you want to click duplicate i want you to go ahead and create nine duplicates that gives us a total of 10 ad sets in this campaign and we're going to create one ad for each ad set those of you who follow my content will know that that's way more than i would usually recommend for a normal campaign but we're not creating a normal campaign we're creating an omnipresent content campaign now we've created 10 different ad sets and given each one a frequency cap of one impression every five days because we want an ad of yours to be shown to your audience twice a day every day and we want to make sure that your audience has shown different ads each time so that they don't get bored of them that's what this campaign structure is allowing us to do 10 ad sets 10 ads each one can only be shown to your audience once every five days that means your audience should see two different ads each day on a five day rolling site are you still with me it's actually not as complicated as it sounds and once we've got it all set up it will make more sense the next thing we need to do is create the ads that we're going to put into these 10 ad sets with an omnipresent content campaign you want your ads to tick a number of boxes and achieve different things there are four categories of ads you need to create the first is value value ads are designed to deliver value you do that by using content show your audience how to do something they want to do or how to avoid something they want to avoid for example for my business i could advertise a short video that shows people how to install the facebook pixel or i could advertise a blog post i've written on the most common facebook ad mistakes that people want to avoid this helps establish your business's expertise in your industry and helps build a relationship with your prospects after all everyone likes people that provide useful and free help the second category is demonstration ads if your audience doesn't fully understand what you do how you do it or how the process works they won't but demonstration ads are designed to solve that problem they are designed to show how you deliver your service or how you make your products or how your product works whatever it happens to be for your business that openness is important for building trust with your prospects and it shows them what things will look like if they decide to go ahead and buy from you video is usually the best way to do this but it could also be done in a slideshow ad format or a carousel ad format if that's easier for you to produce the third category is client testimonial ads these are quite different to the demonstration ads i just mentioned these ads shouldn't focus on how you do what you do instead they should focus on the results you have achieved for previous clients and customers these ads go one step further and show your prospects so you can deliver fantastic results for them or create an amazing product for them and the proof is that you've already done so for people just like that if you can get video testimonials from your previous customers then that's ideal but you can also use image-based testimonials or even text-based testimonials if that's appropriate for the products and services that you offer just make sure you don't miss this ad type out the fourth category is call to action ads this is the most straightforward ad type in an omnipresent content campaign they are simply designed to encourage your prospects to take a specific action that could be big things like inquiring into your services or purchasing one of your products or you could include smaller call to actions such as signing up for a free webinar or joining your email list if possible i'd like to include a few different call to actions the best options here are obviously going to depend on your business and what you have to offer when all put together your ads are going to look something like this to make sure this video isn't 10 hours long i'm not going to cover the specifics of ad creation here but you can find a whole bunch of separate videos on that topic on my youtube channel now before we get into what type of campaign you should be running alongside your omnipresence content campaigns there are a few things we need to address firstly the elephant in the room yes it does take quite a lot of time and effort to create an omnipresent content campaign there's just no getting around that fortunately because of the structure and the frequency cap it does take a lot longer for ad fatigue to become a problem which means you can often run an omnipresent content campaign for three months or six months or longer without having to make any adjustments so over time it can actually be less time consuming than a standard conversion campaign secondly the cost of advertising to your audience that frequently can add up over time that's why we start with just one pound or one dollar per ad set per day but that does mean the omnipresence content strategy works best for businesses that offer at least one product or service that costs a thousand dollars or more now i can imagine a lot of you will be thinking this doesn't apply to me and you'll be headed out the door but hold on a second if you're advertising on facebook you really should offer something that costs a thousand dollars or more it doesn't have to be your core product range or service offering but you should have a larger ticket item that some of your customers will be interested in even if only a tiny percentage of your customers purchase it that can make a big difference to the overall profitability of your facebook ad campaigns let me give you a couple of examples let's say you have an e-commerce store in the tennis niche you could offer the ultimate tennis bundle with four different rackets nine different outfits three different pairs of shoes etc or you could team up with a local tennis club and offer membership or coaching packages you could even create a tennis product subscription where customers get new rackets every three months new balls every couple of weeks etcetera over time you'll get some customers over the thousand dollar mark if you have the right offers seriously don't dismiss this take a bit of time and give it some thought thirdly omnipresence content campaigns do not generate fantastic results overnight they are designed to develop a relationship between you and your prospects that process takes time the longer you run an omnipresence content campaign the better your results get it's something you really need to commit to for the long run and you shouldn't expect to generate significant volumes of leads or sales within the first six months which is why i recommend you run another type of facebook ad campaign alongside your omnipresence content campaign that way you can build really well for the long term and you can also generate new customers today tomorrow and next week what is the other type of campaign you should run alongside an omnipresence content campaign i show you exactly what it is and how to set it up here if you can get both an omnipresent content campaign and one of these campaigns running at the same time you'll crush your competition and enjoy epic results

- Facebook Is Now Called Meta: Kind: captions Language: en I've been thinking a lot about our identity as we begin this next chapter. Facebook is one of the most used products in the history of the world. It is an iconic social media brand but increasingly it just doesn't encompass everything that we do. Instagram WhatsApp Messenger Quest now Horizon Nasri and more. Building our social media apps will always be an important focus for us. But right now our brand is so tightly linked to one product that it can't possibly represent everything that we're doing today let alone in the future. Over time I hope that we are seen as a metaverse company. And I want to anchor our work and our identity on what we are building towards. We just announced that we were making a fundamental change to our company. We are now looking at and reporting on our business as two different segments one for our family of apps and one for work on future platforms. And as part of this it is time for us to adopt a new company brand to encompass everything that we do to reflect who we are and what we hope to build. I am proud to announce that starting today our company is now Metta. Our mission remains the same. Still about bringing people together our apps and their brands. They're not changing either. And we are still the company that designs technology around people. Now we have a new North Star to help bring the metaverse to life. And we have a new name that reflects the full breadth of what we do and the future that we want to help build. From now on we're going to be metaverse first not Facebook first. That means that over time you won't need to use Facebook to use our other services and as our new brand starts showing up in our products. I hope that people come to know the metal brand and the future that we stand for. I used to love studying classics and the word meta comes from the Greek word meaning beyond. For me it symbolizes that there is always more to build. There's always a next chapter to the story.

- Predictable Ads Strategy: Stop Guessing and Start Scaling: Kind: captions Language: en It's usually because your system is predict predictability isn't luck, it's structure. I'm Greta and this is Judy. And this is the phase. What we're going to talk about today is the phase most people rush or skip entirely. Today we want to show you how this system becomes predictable. how we optimize, scale, and make growth feel stable instead of stressful. So, we're going to get you off that roller coaster of highs and lows. >> Yeah, exactly. So, everybody knows that running a business is uh there's a lot of roller coasters, honestly, to running a business. So, >> right, the more that we can put these signs and guard rails up to protect us, right, to to protect us as business owners, the better we move across all areas of our of our business. So, what Greta and I do when we come into any business is make add in that marketing and ad system, right, that you are like like basically help you create that system so you don't have those emotional es and flows. And because it's so emotional when we think a lot of times, Greta, like people come to us and they're like, "Oh, like organic's unpredictable, right? You just never know what's going to hit, right?" And it's kind of the same for ads, but there's >> it's always testing. >> It's always testing. It's always testing. But, you know, typically with organic when you do a certain post because you've done it over and over again, you know, like Maria Wench talks about this a lot. She even has the math of like I make this much money per post or per reel that I do. Like she has the math broken down and and so so she has that expectation. But what happens when we start running ads is usually it'll be like oh my gosh because you can actually put dollars behind what you're doing with ads. People will say h you made me, you know, that was a five figure week. Let's just double the budget next week. And we're like, whoa, whoa, whoa, wait a minute, wait a minute. That doesn't mean that we should double the budget right away just because because they automatically think, okay, if I spend 200 and make, you know, a 10x like like let's just keep doing that. And that's not how ads work. They think that's how it works because that's how it's worked for them in the past. And so the way why it's great to while it's great to have those numbers, that doesn't automatically mean that that is the only action to take. That's a that's a possible action to take, but that when we've done it, because clients have pushed us to do it, Greta, we've done it. And then they're like, "Oh, that didn't work out the way." And then they go into then they're in that emotional roller coaster that we just talked about where they're like, now they're disappointed. They were so excited because they got all those they spent money and now they're like, "Why didn't it work?" And we're here to tell you that if you're expecting those things um to work in that in that scenario, you you're going to be disappointed. I think a lot of times people come to us and they're like, "Well, everybody says that if I just do this, that will happen." And yes, while that's true, yours is a totally different than another coach's coaching business. And your leads are different. And we have to we optimize. Greta does a really really good job of like we look at the data twice a day, sometimes three times a day in your accounts to say, "Okay, yes, we should or no, let's wait and let's scale this the right way and let's stair step it." Um, which you do a really really good job at. And then the other part of that is we might have one bad week and then all of a sudden ads suck. They don't work for me. You like like you guys are awful. Like whatever is going on. These are leads. >> Exactly. Everybody, >> I need to create a new product or new >> new offer it is right like totally wrong offer and we're like whoa whoa no right you need we teach you we help you emotionally regulate your ad your ad emotions your emotions towards marketing so you're not panicking and you actually are not living in what our mentors tell us like you're not living in drama you're living in data and we're going back to the strategy that we set. And that's why it's good to ha to work with a company because many of you who are watching this know this as entrepreneurs. We just like that's the reason why I have Greta is because like I have an emotional thing where I'm like I just want to do this and I just want to do this now. Like I just want to do this now. And she's like well what does the data tell us we should do? is our entire team going to become emotionally disregulated because you've decided to go in this direction and bring it back to the strategy. So then you create predictability. It's all about predictability, right? And so then we that way you don't have um those roller coasters. So we understand and we look at the data to see what's working, why it's working or why it's not working, if it's not, what to adjust. And just know that no matter what and the no matter what like the ads are going to fluctuate human beha right human behavior fluctuate these are humans you are selling to they're not robots okay we are not robots that you're selling to everything's going to fluctuate but when you have the clarity and you know like okay this is the baseline as long as we're not veering too far from our baseline and our goals and our strategy then we're going to know and we're going to continue to have the ads drive leads. We're going to know what to change and um we're going to know what to optimize for the leads that actually buy, right? And then where we need to fix what what what we need to fix in the system. So yes, there might be some things in the funnel that might need tweaking, but we don't need to build an entirely new funnel. >> Yeah. Um, you know that I'm excited to be talking this today because it's funny because everything sneakily returns back to data because the reality is businesses built on boring basics and one of those boring basics is the data. So one of the things that even I have to put myself in check about is we're not tweaking endlessly. We ultimately are optimizing intentionally. So, what does that look like? It's identifying the messaging that's already proven. And if you haven't watched our episode on starter test, go back and watch that. Finish this one out, but go back and watch that because ultimately, we know that if we can get link, if we can get impressions, low cost per click, and ultimately link clicks, we're going to get the outcome that you're looking to get. So, we want to build off of proven messaging. We don't want to just guess. We don't want to just throw spaghetti at the wall, right? We can then start to collect conversion points. And what is a conversion points? We want to know when does somebody come into your world? What is the amount of time they're in that world? And then what is it that triggers them to buy? And you might be thinking like, oh, it's all different things that trigger people to buy. when you actually start to plot the data points. Um, and I love that so many of our um, people who we work with are similar to us and love data. I obviously probably attract that and I just pull it out of them because I'm constantly asking them questions. Um, but we were on a call yesterday and they were like, "Yeah, you're right. Email five is like 80% of our sales come from email five in a in a 7-day sequence." It's like, exactly. So, we know if we can just get more people to email five, we're going to get more conversions, right? And so the more that you can very clearly understand how your funnel works, so top of funnel, middle of funnel, bottom of funnel, and where that conversion takes place, the more solid your ads are going to be. And we spend based on behavior, not hope. So again, we're looking specifically at, you know, what is the frequency? What's the number of times people are seeing your ad? How often are they clicking? How often are they clicking multiple times? And so we're literally looking at that data pretty consistent. Well, I shouldn't say pretty consistently. We're looking at that data consistently. Like Jud Judy said, I'm typically looking at your accounts two times per day. And I'm not always tweaking, but I'm watching for trends. So, I'm like, "Ooh, our cost per lead starting to creep up uh slightly." That's because our frequency's gotten higher. And I know that even though there are benchmarks, and we always start with benchmarks, I know that when this account frequency hits 2.2, Point two, it's time for new ads because our cost per lead is going to go up and then everything's going to go up, right? And we're always making very small changes that we can make measurable outcomes from. So I'm like, hey, let's test a new hook, but let's just change the hook, nothing else, right? And then ultimately, we see compounding results, which means more money for you, more sales. Um, and I have to toot my own horn because we did just purchase a new software to help with some of the data analysis. Um, partially because Judy's like, "You need to teach people what you do in your brain." And I'm like, "I don't know what I do in my brain." Literally, the information comes in my head and then it's like and my brain's like, "I see a pattern." Um, but we got this new software that's amazing and helps with it and it tells you how much money you quote unquote wasted by not turning off underperforming ads. And when I was watching the demos of it, people had like crazy numbers. All of ours were like less than $25. Meaning, I'm not wasting our clients money. Every dollar that we're spending is going towards the outcome that we're looking to achieve. Right? So, if this kind of grounded systembased growth is what you're looking for, go on ahead and hit that subscribe button because everything here that we talk about is about replacing guesswork with data and systembacked systems, which again, boring makes us millions. >> Exactly. Yeah. I mean, and people don't want to do the boring work. Like that might be hard for some of you who are watching this to hear, but you don't want to do the boring Like you just don't. And I get it. I don't like doing it either, right? I mean the same thing for anything though in life, right? Like for me in my my health and fitness like it's like okay like it how do you you know remain in shape and you do like you know I just go to the gym and I eat healthy. Like it's really like like what you don't want to hear. And that's where like most most people Greta like when like it's like when they come to us they're like what do I need to do? I'm like well you actually what you actually need to do is not what you're not going to want to hear this and that's what I say usually. Like you're not going to like what I'm about to tell you but you need to go back and you do this. You need to go back and make sure that your funnel is solid. You need to go back and make sure that you have a solid team because when these leads come in you're going to like somebody what's going to happen to them? What kind of experience are you going to have for them? Right? And so >> we have a visitor >> apparently, >> but you need to go back and do the boring work. And part of that is um making sure that you're looking at your data. And if you're someone like me who does not enjoy looking at data, you hire those people to look at the data for you and to say, "Okay, these and filter the information." Like it's very like what I love um about working with anybody that we work with and and um what our team does is like no matter what if I need information it's like show me the data, give me my two to three options so that way I can make a decision and then I'm going to make a decision in like 10 minutes. That's all you need and that's all you should be doing as the founder, as the owner, as the entrepreneur. Why Greta stays in a lot of the data is because she really loves it. She it fuels her. That's great. I love that for her. Um, so just know you, know yourself, be very self-aware, and have those systems so that way you can make decisions quicker. It can be very, very clear on what it is that you need to do. And you're going to be able to make intelligent decisions, right? Um, and so that way your business then replace boring with it's scalable. It can grow without me. It can grow and sustain, right? and you have a system that's working and the most important part is that all of them connect together and once you have one system then you can focus on the next system and then the next system um but will it will definitely compound for you in all areas of your business. >> Yeah. And I just want to emphasize that predictability comes from alignment and not intensity. Meaning you don't have to do more to make more. you have to do the same thing over and over again. Um, and we see this with our clients. We have somebody who's launching now who prior to running ads had really big spikes at the beginning of the launch and really big spikes at the end of the launch. And there's an adrenaline rush that goes along with that, right? I mean, like, holy cow, that's awesome. Well, she's had just consistent sales throughout this specific launch, and she's going to end up netting more than she has in any previous launch. But it is when you create something that's predictable, it is because she's found her people, they trust her, and now they're buying. And she also is having to regulate into that place of predictability. So, one of the things she's really nailed is the organic side of things. And ultimately, paid is always going to just amplify what is working organically. And we cannot say that enough. Ads are not here to save the day. Ads are here to amplify what's working. So, in next week's video, Judy and I are going to walk you through the entire organic to paid amplification loop end to end and show you why this isn't necessarily a funnel, even though we definitely look at it as a funnel, but it's ultimately a feedback system. And so we can't wait to see you next week to talk through the organic to paid amplification loop.

- He Stopped ‘Quick Fix’ Jobs… And Everything Changed | Kevin Sperry: Kind: captions Language: en What's your current average ticket? 2,700. Way to go, man. Congratulations. >> That's that's service. We're only tracking the service. That's a significant increase from the 250 you kind of referenced earlier. 10x. Yeah, it'd be probably something like average like 800 bucks because there were so many $250, $300. Yeah. Okay, so three three or four x. Still massive. Really good stuff, man. Congratulations on that. Do you want to bring someone else in to alleviate the strain off your shoulders? Is that next for you anyway to say that you can step back a bit? I want to be able to train in in what I'm doing and hand that off and then figure out what I need to do next and then train that next and hand that off. I want to delegate as much as I can so that I can keep building the relationships that are going to push us to the next level. Hello, hello, hello and welcome to the Million Dollar Electrician Podcast [music] where we help home service pros like you supercharge your business and spark up those sales. I'm Joseph Lucanni and together my co-host Clay Newmire, we're here to share the secrets that have helped electricians sell over a million dollars from a single [music] service van. Now, it's time for sales. It's time for scale. It's time to become a million dollar electrician. Hey, real quick. If you're an electrical service business owner and you're tired of figuring it out alone, then listen up. Service Loop Electrical is hosting our first ever live event, the Whistler Service Summit 2026. It's May 29th through June 1st in Whistler, BC. Just 26 seats. You'll have access to me, Joseph, Forest, [music] real role play, working through your leads, working through your business, working with you on your strategy. There's only 26 seats available and we want you to attend. Whether you're new to our ecosystem, familiar with our process, or a long-standing client or fan, we want you there. So, click the link below or go to go.serviceloopelectrical.com/summit. See you at Summit. Hello, hello, hello and welcome back to another great episode of the Million Dollar Electrician. This one's a little bit different today. As you can see, I don't have Joseph with me. If you can see us, if you're watching on YouTube. If you're just listening, I'm I'm telling you right now we don't have Joseph, but we do have a guest. We've got Kevin Sperry. And Kevin's been patient in getting to this interview. Kevin, super pumped to go into this with you. Uh Kevin is an SLE Pro member. He is someone that uh came into the group into the community, saw some great immediate wins, and has a really cool story over the last few years of his business that we wanted to share with you. So, Kevin, welcome to the show and uh super excited to dive into some of the growth, man. Sounds like you were doing uh 50-60k months and now you're kind of averaging the 100k. You got some big projects going on. You got some great service. So, love to hear, man, how are things going for you? They're going well right now. Um we're about as busy as we've ever been with this size crew. Um you know, we've got some some project work, some new construction going on. Um but definitely this service work is uh is much more profitable than it's ever been and and busier than it's been. Interesting. And something you said just before the show, I think you said you're busier, doing more, but it sounded like with less. Like you have less guys now than you had last year. >> Yeah. Yeah, so last year we were doing a lot of commercial work. And um we [clears throat] had uh about eight guys running for I'm going to say six to eight months um of last year. So, if you average it all out, we were doing about 60,000 a month. You know, some of those months were heavier because of those commercial projects, but um yeah, at the at the height we had we had eight guys and um I've done almost no commercial work this year. And we're on track from, you know, the average of 60,000 a month last year to we're averaging about 100,000 a month this year so far and it's only March. I'm thinking you know, as the spring and summer come, it's going to be even even more. Yeah, that's awesome, man. And great start. Thank you for opening us up there. Uh what I'd love to do today is understand kind of what got you there. We're going to break some pieces apart. How long have you been licensed, brother? So, I saw uh Facebook memory pop up today about uh passing my exam four years ago. Woo. Nice. Did you go into business right away? Uh it took about six months before I decided to uh to get the the business permit um and and the insurances and everything like that and even then it was still a side business. Um I kept my full-time job for somewhere between six months to a year after I started the business, which was six months after the licensing exam. So, it was about a year a year a year and a half after I got the license before I decided that I was doing this full-time for myself. Must have been a tough transition. Did you do you remember having nerves around going from having the security of a job to going on your own, brother? No, it wasn't too bad because I was working at that point. I was a foreman for the company I was at and then I was working like at night and on the weekends for myself. It was working two full-time jobs. And then I I slowly transitioned to like I was working four days a week at the job and then I was working the weekends and the nights for myself still and then there was a point that I knew it was just not going to be not going to be feasible anymore. I didn't have the energy or the time to do that anymore. Um and so I left that job and almost immediately hired a helper. I want to say it was three months before I hired my first guy. Wow. Okay, so you got traction pretty quick though. A few months to hire someone, that's not bad. Who was that first hire for you at that point? Was it someone to help you get some work done? Yeah. Yeah, it was an apprentice that um a friend of mine, we'd been friends for 10 years or more. And he had actually been my apprentice at the company that I was working at and had left there to go somewhere else and then left that place to come back to work for me. Awesome. Awesome. Really cool. What was the bulk of your work back then when you were first starting? You know, a lot of friends and family and um some house flippers and you know, minor contractor stuff. You know, a lot of restaurants and bars that I had been going to that needed service and things like that. Yeah, like who who you knew became first. Yeah, me too when I started out. That tends to happen to a lot of us. Uh something I remember being super embarrassed about back then was my rate. Do you remember where you were kind of charging at and what that was like at that point? I never had um gone into it with a set like hourly rate. I I never did time and material. Nice. From from the beginning. And a lot of the rate on like the the project work and the new construction stuff is all um you know, unit pricing that I take, you know, I knew what the what the old boss was charging because I was writing the change orders and writing a lot of these invoices. And then my father's an electrician, too, and he's been in business 20 five almost 25 years. And so between knowing both of their rates, I kind of was like, all right, this is about where I got to be and that's how that's how that started. Yeah. Okay, fair enough. Still followed. We talked about this in our pricing document, but ultimately one of the first things that most electricians end up doing is either using their old boss's rate or rate they knew from before or calling around to figure out what's going on in that marketplace and then trying to use just a little bit less and provide just a little bit more. Sounds like you had clarity right from the get-go. No problems with pricing. Did you do some estimating for your dad before? No, I hadn't worked for my father since high school. Oh, wow. Um and I don't I didn't do any estimating at the company that I was working at, but I I I knew the the idea behind it. You know, you you get a set of plans, you count up how many of this, how many of that, and you put a price to it. Yeah. And that's still how I do it on the projects. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, for sure. Break it down, price it out. Do you remember in your first year any like big significant energy shifts, milestones that you hit, something you were extremely proud of in that first year? It's It all kind of blends together at this point. I don't know if if something yesterday was last year or if it was yesterday. Um you know, we did we did a lot of work for a guy that was like tearing down houses and building monster houses until we didn't anymore. That that relationship ended, but that's for the best. Um that's what really probably got me got me going with hiring though. Because at that point I had I still had the service work going on. So, I had the one guy dedicated to the project work with a helper and then I hired another guy to handle the service work that I was previously doing and now I was kind of overseeing things and doing the smaller service calls at that point. >> Nice. Really cool. So, you mentioned it was kind of like a blessing in disguise losing one relationship. Not to throw sand or anything, but just to help, you know, us understand and others understand who are listening cuz many guys kind of get stuck in that boat, right? You get stuck working for someone and you can feel the tension and the separation. This isn't working anymore. There's different reasons. Do you remember kind of some of the reasons why um that wasn't for the best for you guys to stay together? Yeah, it just is uh it was just an angry, spiteful man. Okay. Relationship problem. Yeah. Yeah, fair enough. And you said you still do projects today, right? Yeah. What do you see as the biggest difference then between your project work and your service work? Um it's it's management and margins. Okay. Well put. They're they're much easier to manage, but the margins are lower and that's why. You know, I can be still on a project for a week or two weeks or three weeks and I may have to show up and and look over it two three times because that's that's that's it. It's a blank slate. You go you wire it new and it's it's pretty straightforward. You got a set of plans. Um I don't have to worry about it. I don't have to worry about the homeowner um Lena looking over your shoulder and and nitpicking every little thing. Um you just send a crew there get it done. And the margins are tight or they can be tight but um it's it's a lot less stressful. The service work is is worth it but it's stressful. Okay. What stresses you out most about service work? The customers. Um customers seem to expect everything >> [sighs] >> and only want to pay for part of it. Or there's you know, there's always some kind of coincidence. Like I had um recently gone over something with a customer and he said that um oh well, since you guys have been here this light fixture hasn't worked. And it was nowhere near where we were working. It was an outside light and I opened it up and it was so corroded and packed full of dirt and and debris and grime. I showed him and I said look, I'm not trying to accuse you but I think you just noticed this not working because we were here. This hasn't worked in years. And he looked at it and he was like, oh I think you're right. But that's rare. It's rare that people will say, I think you're right. Interesting. Yeah, and that's how we we tend to leverage our options uh really well to try to capture everything we could possibly do. I know it must be tough to try to catch an exterior light when you're there during the day. And if they don't say anything, how could you know? And so yeah, sometimes could come back for sure for sure. Does that end up being something that you got extra work from then on that particular example? We will. But you know, that's uh it's a combination of luck and good customer service. Mhm. Because there's a lot of times that you just can't convince these people that it wasn't you. You know, we did a service upgrade and um and we turned the we turned the power back on and the water heater started leaking. Like that's got nothing to do with us but we were there. So well, it's like it's like once a week you got to deal with somebody saying something about well, this doesn't work that doesn't work or this went wrong and I'm like that's a bad coincidence. Coincidence, yeah. Makes sense. And so for you mentioned kind of like uh management and margins. The margins are worth it. Uh how have you seen your margins change since getting more involved with service It's hard to say. We're doing some of the job costing for the last couple months right now. Mhm. Um so we'll figure that out. I mean, I can see it that it's that it's better. Um but I can't prove it. I don't have the documentation right now to to go over actual physical numbers. Yeah, that's fair. That's fair, man. You get the numbers, you'll get caught up. And on the project side, what were your margins there? Again, I it's all kind of lumped in together. So I can see the margins on last year. Okay. And but that's service and projects all in like, you know Right. But they were somewhere 20s 24 to 26% some something in that range. >> Oh wow. Well, that's healthy on projects especially. Well, it's like I said, a combination of everything, yeah. Yeah. Yeah, that's awesome, man. If you had to guess, what percentage of your work like from the hip was service versus projects last year? I'm going to say it was 50% commercial construction work projects work and then it was probably half and half on residential service or projects. Okay, cool. So maybe it was 2575. Yeah. What do you think were the biggest changes that have happened then from the former 60k to now this almost 100% bigger 100k average? What's changed in this time? The change is that we're not sending a service guy out to do a $200 repair that's taking him an hour and doing four of those a day. We're scheduling full day jobs based on some of these service calls that would have been like a okay, the outlet was backstabbed. Now it's wrapped up and put back together. See you later. Interesting. Is that just a a better buyer or what's going on there? What's what's changed for you that's creating that difference? It's creating options on everything. Instead of just saying, yeah, I can fix this. It's going to be 250 and I'll see you next time the next one breaks. It's like here, I can fix it for this and I still give them that option or I can go through and replace every device in your house and wire them correctly because then you won't have to hear from me for 20 years. Yeah, I like that. That piece of mind. Did you guys adopt our lifetime craftsmanship guarantee as well? Yes. Yeah. Has that been a piece of those options and been able to help you move forward with that a bit more or do you notice a difference with it? So I don't actually advertise that as I probably should. It's on the website and it's on the bottom of every one of my proposals. But I don't physically say it. Hasn't been a big talking >> I think it's because I need to. Like I I guess I just am thinking like well, if if we screw something up of course we'll come back and fix it. That was never a never a thought. Now it's just written out there so that these people can see it. And you know, if you look at the notes at the bottom of my estimates, that's that's where it is. That's where it lives. Yeah. I remember when we first talked, I think you won a win of the week and so you and I had a one one V one strategy call and we were talking through some stuff and I remember you were in your truck and I remember the feeling of overwhelm which so many guys have especially when you've already got a way you've been doing things and now you've come into our ecosystem and you're feeling the pressure and you're seeing the wins and you're wanting to do this thing but change is hard and you got a lot going on. How did you work through that and commit to actually doing the thing? Like what's your secret sauce to actually do it so that you could see that big difference that you just described? So I actually stopped doing it for a little while and then realized that we weren't landing anything. And we went back through and we're like, okay, why did we you know, add five estimates outstanding and what changed? Why didn't I why didn't I close my usual like 70%? And you know, I looked back at those five estimates and that was all like I got tired and I gave them one price and I said, here this is how much it is. And so what that gave us enough clarity to say you can't do that anymore. And you got to you got to give them options because I was trying to avoid these two call closings. Like I know my schedule's packed. I've got five estimates today and I've got five estimates tomorrow and I don't want to go all the way back out there to meet with them again and I didn't have the time to sit down and go over it with them right then and there. So here, this is how much it is. And so that it doesn't work that way. Really cool. I just designed about the options. You proved it to yourself then. It wasn't anyone saying anything and it wasn't you just toughing it out. It was literally you saw a difference and asked the question. You paused for a moment to to figure out why. What was that difference? Absolutely. What was the hardest part about the options piece for you? I mean, I always want to understand this better and that's just half of my job is just understanding how do I improve this for you? How do I make it easier for the next person that wants to learn this? What's the hardest part for you? It's a lot more time consuming. I mean, there was a time that I would be able to to give prices over the phone on things. I just say, this is how much it's going to be. If you want if you want it, let me know. And um you know, I could schedule a job without ever having met the homeowner or being at the home and and go in blind but it works close enough and you know, so transitioning from from doing that and showing up and saying, okay, this is how much it's going to be uh to now showing up and busting out six options, having to come up with them and write them up and then sometimes having to return you know, another day to go over it. That's now two trips I'm in that could be an hour driving or half hour one way twice. It's uh it takes up a lot of time and when you're running everything alone you don't have a lot of time. So it made it a lot easier when I hired our our admin. And now I'm like, I don't know how I was doing this without her. Right. It's one of those positions that after you hire that CSR, that person in the office, it's like, okay. I don't ever want to go back there. I look at at some of our staff that are in those positions and and I think of it like business death. They're right there like I will not go back to a place without this. So I love that you said that. Yeah. And it's a gal? Is it? >> Yeah. How's she doing? Great. Yeah, I've got no complaints. What are some of the things that you've got to lift from or going through even now that she's able to take off your plate that make you think, man why was I doing this to myself? It's it's I I spend my day driving. And so, I'm doing a lot less of like checking emails and sending emails while I'm on the highway. Mhm. Um I'm I'm not fielding the phone calls anymore and and having to deal with every person looking for a job or trying to sell you a payroll service or whatever. That Even that alone is huge. Not having to bother with that stuff. Changing your train of thought mid mid task. Yeah. Yeah, that makes sense. And then, you know, making sure the guys are clocked in and clocked out when they're supposed to be and instead of me chasing them down and saying, "When did you get to work yesterday? You didn't clock in." Mhm. And, you know, running the payroll, it's there's there's a million things and you know, she's doing the job costing right now. I would never have the time to do that. Yeah. Yeah, exactly. Yeah, that's excellent, man. Great share. Great share. You mentioned the options. You mentioned the admin. Did you see a pricing change when you came in and and joined up with us? Yeah. You're using the SSR for service work then? Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Was that a big increase for you? Uh it it was almost double. Wow. Were you worried about that as well? And and maybe that's where you saw like the options became a needed thing? Yeah. >> Or were kind of separate for you? No, that um it it was a change and it was a little bit a little bit nervous, but you know, I knew that I could try it and if it wasn't working, then I could go back to the the way it was working. And I still even if I lost a week's worth of service work, I still had these projects that would keep us keep us afloat. And it worked and I haven't looked back. And I love that you had that safety net. And it sounds like yes, it was overwhelming cuz you're trying to do two things, but those calls were coming in anyway. You wanted to be more successful with service, so it it's profitable now. It makes sense. I get get the busy piece. For other people that want to have the blend, who who don't want to hold any prejudice against any kind of work, don't want to go all in service, want to keep doing projects or even find more project work, what do you find as some of your secrets to that, Kevin? What's worked for you to get more projects and do well in projects so much that you can kind of rely it on it as a safety net. There's a million electricians. And there's a million good ones. It's it all comes down to the relationships you have with the people running these projects. There's a lot of weirdos out there. If you're not a weirdo and you can make a relationship, that's that's all you need to do. You know, you got to stand behind your work. You got to get there when you're supposed to get there and get done what you're supposed to get done and just be a a regular person and talk to people. It's it's it's been pretty simple for me, but I I think I have that personality. You know, like we'll have project managers on jobs that we've been brought in from the the tenant or the uh or the the customer themselves and we just will will end up making friends with these people and then now we're working for them. So, you see doors in this hallway and they're opening. And at any given time, you'll just have a conversation with someone, be a person and see if they they need more electricians or a great electrician. Is that what I'm hearing? Yeah, I mean, even if the doors aren't opening, you knock on them. And you tell people look, I'm sure you you know, there's been contractors out there that I've said, "Look, I'm sure you have a great electrician already, so I'm not trying to pitch it, but if they ever can't keep up or you come into something last minute and you need you need us to bail you out, like here's my card." I love Great angle. And that never happens, right? It happens. [laughter] They could be great great electricians. Sometimes they get too busy and I just have an opening. And then once we once we get in there, we make friends with people. Do you have other members of your team that you're diverting to service at times? Do you find the two blend well? What does that look like for you guys? Yeah, so I actually just uh just hired another guy to take over the the service work. And it wasn't supposed to be taking over the service work, but he was supposed to you know, in addition to this other crew. Um it just so happened that the same time I hired him, we had like four projects hit. And so, I had to shift my service crew onto projects for now. And then I'm sure I'll have them back on service, but the timing just worked out where now I've got one guy doing service and and they shifted two away from it. But the problem there is too that some of these ads just aren't panning out for me the way I hoped. Some of the ads? Yeah. Sorry, say that one more time. Not sure I caught you. Some of the ads are not panning out as well as I had hoped they were. The ratings? Yeah. Like Facebook ads? Facebook ads, yeah. I've had some trouble with that. I'm still working on figuring that out. And LSA, I feel like I'm getting buried. Getting buried? I'm like buried underneath these like you know, HVAC coming in electrical companies with private equity owned with endless marketing budgets. Yeah. Do you want to go into some of that and do some troubleshooting on this podcast? >> [laughter] >> I think uh I don't know that there's anything else I can do. I you know, we've been on the phone with Google who's tried to you know, a representative from Google trying to tell us how to optimize the campaign. Mhm. What did they say? He says like to I don't remember exactly. This is a question for Olivia, but um you know, they they work together trying to fill out certain spots that kind of weren't right out in the open. And and our budget's like 2,000 a week and I spend $50 a week of it. Mhm. Yeah, that's funny. I was just talking to Forrest about this this morning in our own sales meeting. As you [snorts] know, he's uh owner of Kyle Electric. They've got a couple of branches in different places. And so, he's scaled the LSA thing twice now. For himself as well as the other companies that we work with. And so, the biggest differences he's seen, I'll try to reference his exact numbers, but he literally saw a difference in in Texas last in the last month where they increased their reviews by like 20 or 30 and they got 50% more LSA leads, which was really interesting. How many reviews do you guys have on your Google? 114 right now. 114? Nice. And what are you up against? What are some of the other big players in the market have? 3,000, 2,500, 1,800. I see what you mean. So, you're feeling get buried behind those bigger probably private equity signal companies. Yep. Yeah. Is there a one or two that has in the thousands or more than you? Or are you kind of right there trailing those three? I think I'm about right there trailing those three. But then there's another one who's got less reviews than us that's uh that's outranking us just because of the number of years in business. So, those are two things that I can't compete with. You know, I I'm not going to get 3,000 reviews tomorrow and I'm not going to be in business 30 years tomorrow. Yeah. Yeah, I understand. Yeah, I think the reviews is the the really tough one for LSA. And to be fair, It doesn't work great for everyone and every market and every situation. But if there were a reason that you would be taxed by LSA and it wouldn't work well, it's because they were want to serve their customer, too. So, Google's just trying to send their person to the most reputable provider, right? So, I understand what you're saying by buried. What other ads are you running right now, Kevin? Or are we Were Are we helping you run ads right now? I should know that. I'm kind of just winging it. I have I have Olivia on the marketing calls and trying to learn about these Facebook ads. It's the the first one I ran, the problem with it was I was getting leads from all over the country. And I was like, "You know what? I can't help you out there in Texas." So, I was uh getting leads from like Texas and there's there's nothing I can do about that. And then we tried to run it again just you know, uh take the uh the service area tighter. And the the leads we were getting, we were calling these people and they were like, "What do you mean? I didn't put my information in." And I'm like, "Well, then how do I have it?" Yeah, that that can be interesting. Sometimes auto fills get in the way and create some interesting kind of form fills. People don't even know they're doing it kind of thing. It just happens too fast, too easy. Um so, you're not running any other ads, just Google LSA. Yes, yes, as of right now. Yeah. Okay. So, where do most of your leads come from now? Um there are a lot of existing customers, a lot of referrals, um organic Facebook stuff. Okay, cool. What are you doing on Facebook organically that's working for you? Uh people are tagging us in the community groups. Love that. Love that. How many people do you know that are actively tagging you? Is there a small group or is it just by chance because people love you? Um it's a little bit of both. Okay. There's there's some of that and there's probably 10 to 15 people that do it every chance they get. Awesome. I love to hear that. So, you're one of those providers that someone might say, "Hey, looking for electrician for this." And three people might tag you on that post. Three, 10, yeah. There that's the cream of the crop. Guys, if you're listening to this and you don't have that happening for you, please make efforts to do so. You do it by again, providing great work and creating a referral network. Get people that want to refer you by engaging friends and family in this and by creating small referral networks within your local area with subcontractors that you need anyway. Uh Kevin, would you have any tips that you would add on top of that that have helped you get that many referrals? Again, you just got to make the relationships and and get to know people. Yeah. Once people like you, they'll they'll do it. Hey you guys, if this episode sparked something for you, imagine stacking that every single week. That's how businesses stop flickering and start running steady. If you subscribe to the show or leave a review if you're on audio, and if you're driving down the road, please pull over when it's safe cuz I've got something you're not going to want to skip. For every person that subscribes and or leaves a review and fills out the form below, letting us know that you did that thing, we're going to draw one monthly subscriber for our open circuit lifetime membership worth $1,500. And that's not all. Every 6 months, we're actually going to draw another subscriber for our $5,000 scholarship, which you can use for any of our electric service packages to get your business and your service rocking better than ever. Come on guys, let's brighten this thing up. Is it going to be you? Back to the show. Okay, sweet. So, that's really good, and I want you to know we had a couple podcasts here with Dan Tauton, which was one of our original OGs who scaled to man, he was I think he came in with his first 305k month on month 26 with us. It was a 2-year range we worked together. Anyway, point being, this is what he had going for him, Kevin. It was the exact same thing. So, that organic root, that foundation, is an incredibly powerful, man. Great job on that. I think there's something you could be doing to get more leads if that's what you want at this time. Are you open to an insight? Uh we're always looking for more. Always looking for insight. If you're already seeing that level of organics on Facebook, and we also do meta ads for a lot of guys, and many times they're seeing like 10x return on ad spend. This isn't a sales call, but just to let you know the exact thing that's happening. If they're already seeing your name tagged on Facebook, and then people in your area also saw you speaking about your great service and the things that you provide, and we targeted that to something like panel upgrades that you know is an above-average ticket that educates people on the problem with panels, shows your face doing it, shows some of the evidence of 10 people tagging you in a certain post kind of thing. What do you think would happen then if there was a little lead form attached to that and someone could just go, "I'm interested." Fill it out and send it to your inbox. I think it would work out. Um better than what uh what we've been trying. You know what? LSA is kind of like Forest talks about the Google gods, and like we don't always control it. We don't always control the market, but we can add to that marketplace, and that's exactly what we're talking about. There's really only two ways to get leads now. It's either going to be well, it's advertising as the one way, but it's meta ads typically, which we see a lot of success with. Um in fact, I'll share a win of the week right here right now. We had one uh James Cruz in the Midwest. Just last week, he did this similar campaign and had a $9,800 sale. After, you know, may I can't remember. I wouldn't quote his budget just yet. Another guy we had, was it Roman? $21,000 in sales from $2,500 in ads investment. So, that was a big one last month as well. So, real evidence within the program, Kevin, of this working, brother. And for you guys listening or watching this, it's one of the fastest ways. We could put an ad live today if you can record that fast, and you can get leads today. The pain is similar to what you described about Google. Sometimes people fill out the form, they found a way to do it automatic auto entry text, or if we don't get to them fast enough, they move on to the next thing. So, there's a game we play with this, Kevin, and we have more podcasts, and you know from the Monday marketing call you can get more info on this, but ultimately the game is called speed to lead. Being that you have someone in the office, would speed to lead be a problem for you if you knew there were leads coming into your inbox in this minute? If they come in during the day, Yep. Yep. Some coming in. >> outside of business hours, there's there's no speed there. That reminds me, is your Google set up for after-hours service? 24 hours? Or are you 7:00 to 5:00? What are your hours? Business listing is 24 hours. Nice. The LSA ad only runs during business hours to make sure we pick up the phone. Okay. You should try 24 hours. I don't want to miss calls, and I don't know that I want to spend the money on calls of somebody at 3:00 in the morning needing service right now. But what I have been toying with the idea is um having a like an AI receptionist for off-hours that can book estimates during business hours. We have a guy who's going to likely start coming in and be uh another coach in our program. I'm just working the steel up, but already, we've just placed one of his CSRs. That's what he does. He has a call agency center. And he's actually been a big driver of how we do speed to lead and how we do our follow-up process because he's uh really dominated in that game to turn these leads into sales. And so, there's actually a way that you can do this with basically call per a pay per call, excuse me. And for them, they're at different uh service hours, but still very strong English, still very good and reputable uh workforce. So, that could be a fit, too. But again, this is an interesting strategy discussion because people get to listen to this and take from this as well. Um so, that guy's name is Rod, and we'll we'll plug his services uh as soon as they're locked in. But Kevin, I'll send you some information as well after this uh direct. But if you had someone to answer those calls, and you knew maybe overall you were going to spend 5 to 700 bucks a month to capture those after-hours leads that other people missed, well, what do you think would happen then? I think that with our average ticket being what it is, it should be a no-brainer, but I'm still telling myself not to spend an extra $500 a month that I don't need to spend. Yep. I get that. That's an important topic, too. So, the LSA, I just want to make sure we didn't glaze over this. You may find that you get more LSA leads if you go after hours because those bigger guys might not be doing 24/7 LSA. So, that might be the one area where LSA could still serve you even in your pursuit for more reviews, more growth, and that to work. Good news is LSA isn't spending, so you're not really at a risk. You're just not getting the leads. What's your current marketing budget, um Kevin? How much are you willing to spend in a month at $100k a month revenue? I don't have uh any clue. Okay. How much do you think you're spending currently? Sounds like not very much. No, I'm going to say it's $1,000 or less. Nice. It depends on how many leads we see leads come in, but Yeah. Yeah, for sure. You're currently spending about 1% of revenue then or less on marketing. Do you know what the big players do who want to grow, who are really trying to scale their company, aim to spend each month? 10. 10. Right? So, if you could just add another percent or two and still be even under 5%, but it helped you grow, would that be something you'd be willing to do, brother? It's something I should do. Whether I'm willing, who knows. We'll find out. >> Very cool. I'll I'll cool the jets now. You've been very uh a good sport on that uh for being in a live call, man. Not live, but you know, recorded. Um so, appreciate that. Do you have any questions about anything I just went over before we move back to your story and and how things have been going for you? I don't think so. Okay. Really cool. We can touch base after the podcast on the rest of the details. And guys, if you have questions on this, you're watching this, listening, please uh comment below on YouTube, and uh we'll be happy to reply with uh any of the information we have here and help you as well. But at the end of the day, uh this is very much a great position you're in, Kevin, so compliments for that. What's your goal, man? Like if we're going to high-five at the end of the year, I'm sure you told me this in private before, but where are we headed? What do you want to get to? Is it $100k a month for the rest of the year, finishing around 1.2, I guess? Is that it? What would be a high-five moment for you to know, "Yeah, we did it."? December 2025, I set the goal of 1.1 for 2026. Now, with with a couple projects kind of in limbo, maybe happening, maybe not, um if those hit, the goal's two. Now, >> Okay. I'm starting to think that I can probably hit two without those projects. If if the leads come in and and we do everything exactly right. So, anywhere between 1.1 and two, I'll be content with for now. But that won't last long. So, I heard a couple things there. And in fact, I'm going to bring something else into this. I'm hearing this whole podcast that you're an action taker. I love that. If I could paint like one broad stroke for every person we have on the podcast, guess what they'd have in common? Action takers. That's you, right? High bias to action. You're doing this thing. You're forward-thinking. You're focused on growth. But I'm also hearing, okay, a couple big projects would get us to this next big goal. 2 million's clearly in your mind is something you'd like to hit. But then, the only bottleneck I heard was leads in front of it. How many leads do you think you need? Making you think here. I'd have to do some >> offset those projects and hit the 2 million. Let me uh let me do the math. All right, let's do some Cuz I can tell you what it is. I got to do the math correctly. That's all right. That's all right. And then yeah, just humor us if you could with how many leads do you currently get a week or a month? If I had to guess how many estimates I'm showing up to a week, it's going to be 10. Okay. And that's service estimates. Yeah, maybe 50. It could be 15 even. Like I'm probably You know what? Let's say three a day. 15, something like that. Yeah. Your organic's kicking. I love this. So you got the project team working over here and you're basically full-time running estimates. Basically. I'm checking in on projects and delivering material and going over things when when I have downtime. All right. So here, let's play a game. If if we doubled that, if we doubled your bookings tomorrow, what's the first thing that would break? Me. >> Too much on your shoulders. Yeah. >> [clears throat] >> So what would have to be true for us to double bookings tomorrow and you thrive not just try to survive in that environment. Um I'd have to train somebody on on my estimating process. All right. If I did that and doubled everything, we'd be good. And that math came out, I'd need to land I don't know how many leads I'd need in, but I'd need to land jobs at our average ticket to hit that 2 million. Which leads us to don't make me do the math. What's your current average ticket? 2,700. Way to go, man. >> And service, we're only tracking the service. Uh we're not putting like, you know, a $47,000 house rough in that in that tracking, so. That's a significant increase from the 250 you kind of referenced earlier. 10 x >> probably something like average like 800 bucks um because there were so many $200, $250, $300. Yeah. Okay, so three three or four x. Still massive. Really good stuff, man. Congratulations on that. Is that what you want is the last thing I want to ask in in kind of pursuit of what your vision is for this? You want to bring someone else in to alleviate this strain off your shoulders. Is that next for you anyway to to you can step back a bit? Yeah. Yeah, I I want to be able to train in in what I'm doing and hand that off and then figure out what I need to do next and then train that next and hand that off. I want to delegate as much as I can so that I can keep building the to the next level. Incredible. If we had to look 5 years ahead then, what do you see for this business? Uh I mean I I can't say exactly what I see for it. I can say what I want for it. Yeah, you're waking up, it's your birthday, sunny day, perfect day. What do you got going for you? A building on Main Street, you [laughter] know. Awesome. With the billboard and everything, downtown. I'm probably going to use the business side. That's not crawling around in attic for the rest of his life and instead has people handling everything while I'm sitting on the beach. Yeah. That's a ways out. Right. Yep. >> there. That's fair. Let's say that's coming for you. And best we can do is be faithful that it is, man, because I really believe that you can have that. Keep making moves towards it. If you wanted to accelerate that, what would you go back and tell yourself to get towards that sooner? I don't know that I would actually change anything. Okay. Um I think any faster than what I'm already doing would have would have been too much. I think I was already towing that line at a couple couple times there. That's fair, man. That's fair. No, I get that. All right, then for advice for anyone else, we covered a few big things in this episode already and I thank you again for being so open and doing the strategy with us on this episode, but if you're giving advice to anyone else who wants to see these same kind of growth mechanisms, these different milestones that you're hitting already, what are the one to three big things that you would give to someone else who wants to follow in your shoes? You can't be cheap in hiring. That'll cause more uh more management that you're going to have to deal with than is worth the savings you might have. And just figure it out. Somebody wants something and you're not sure, figure it out. There's always a way. That reminds me of a mentor I used to say to me. In fact, it was an affirmation he made me write for a while. Yeah, he made me write affirmations. Real real thing. Um so you don't need resources, you need resourcefulness. Yeah. It's not always about what's in your pocket, it's about what you're able to find when you need it at any time. So love that, man. Great advice. Anything else, Kevin, you wanted to share today before we part ways? I'm good. Awesome. Well, thanks so much for the deep dive again. Joe, you're sorely missed today, but Joe's actually working in a house doing electrical work today and shooting a bunch of great content for you guys to help you better understand some of the stuff we do here at Service Up Electrical and on the Million Dollar Electrician. As you know, guys, we've been on a mission to help you guys, people with experience in their business cross over the seven-figure line to become that Sparky that you want to be. We've done it. We've got the proof in house. Kevin's uh sharing a bit of his story today. We thank you so much for that and we'll see you next week as we do that again. Bye for now.

- Your Video is Partially Muted / how to remove copyright claim on facebook: Kind: captions Language: en hello everyone recently facebook has updated its quantum id system and many creators have started to receive claims that mute their videos we have made an instruction for you how to restore the sound on your facebook video at first go to your video page select your video is partially muted due to the corporate match click see details click continue on this page click continue again and again select submit dispute and click continue click open form select license content and write that you have permission to use it in additional details click submit you can write i have a permission to use this music in audio.arc license then submit and in one second your video will be restored use inaudio.org if you need high quality not cooperate music for your projects

- How To Delete All Posts On Facebook: Kind: captions Language: en let me show you a really simple way for deleting facebook posts all your old facebook posts or from a selected date range right on the facebook app on your iphone or android and it's much easier on the facebook mobile app so if you're using facebook.com on your computer just download the app and sign in and i'll show you the rest of the process here let's open up the facebook app next we want to go to this menu option right here on the very corner of the page and then you'll get the settings gear right on top okay click settings and sometimes they remove how you access settings but right now that's how you get to settings and on this page you want to go to profile settings this is a recent update here and then you want to go to activity log okay so if you scroll down you should see a section here called activity log click that and everything here you could manage so i'm going to press manage your post here and this is going to show all your old posts okay you want to press filter right over here and you want to actually choose a date so if you choose this date option it lets you select a start date so this could go all the way back i think i started on facebook in 2005. so you could select that all the way to the current date so that will give you a range if you don't care about that you could just leave the filter to all this is gonna show all your posts then if you do that you could just press all right here this is just based on this filter and it's going to select everything on your facebook page and then you could either press trash or if you don't want this to be permanent you could go ahead and archive it so it gets off your facebook feed and your facebook profile but it will be in the archive folder here so you can see archive and trash but remember make sure you select filter choose a date range if you want you could even choose a category so if you just want text updates or photos or videos or posts from other apps you could choose based on this i have it on all category across all dates for now and that's it press trash and you're all set i hope you found this useful i'll see you next time

- 15 Psychological Marketing Triggers to MAKE PEOPLE BUY From YOU!: Kind: captions Language: en - In this episode, I'm gonna unpack 15 different psychological triggers and cognitive biases that we, as marketers, use on a pretty much daily basis to help influence and persuade and guide people in the direction that we want, which is typically to buy stuff. Now, if you have a business and want to get more customers, more clients, and more sales, these will help. And if you work for a business and want to get them more customers, more clients, and more sales, well, these will help. And if you've ever shopped at a business, well, these cognitive biases and psychological triggers are important for you to know so you can arm yourself against unethical and unscrupulous marketers trying to sell you things you just don't need. But I must say these principles, these psychological triggers and these cognitive biases are so powerful that even when you know they're actively being used against you, you still can't stop 'em, like some kind of weird marketing magnet that just draws you in and takes all your money. All right, so let's get to it. All right, so the first psychological trigger cognitive bias that you need to be aware of is something known as the halo effect. Essentially, the halo effect is really just a fancy term for that first impression bias, or the fact that the first impression that you have with a brand or a business or a person, well, it's going to influence all of your future interactions with that brand or person or business, and is gonna influence them a lot. Basically that first impression, that first exposure to a message or a person or a brand or a business is so heavily weighted that it's going to color and influence and really direct all of your attitudes and beliefs and understandings about this person and about this business moving forward and well into the future even, even if they're wrong. This is why as marketers, it is incredibly important to really make sure that you're evaluating all of your marketing, specifically those first touch points, those first interactions that someone could have with your brand or with your business, and really make sure that you're putting your best foot forward. But there's another advantage as well to really making sure that you're making a positive first impression with someone, and that is that it's going to buffer against any future possible negative experiences. And really that's where a lot of brand loyalty comes in, is that if you're able to get the relationship started on a really solid foundation and really get it started on that right foot, well, it's going to help protect if something just doesn't go quite right, moving forward. Your client, your customer, are still going to perceive you and your brand and your business as more positive overall if that first impression worked out well. Thank you, halo effect. All right, and while on the topic of first impressions, the next cognitive bias we need to take a look at is the serial position effect. The serial position effect essentially just says that the very first piece of information and the very last piece of information are going to be taken and remembered and viewed as far more important than basically everything else in the middle. This is why as a marketer, I'm so obsessive about the customer journey and about the marketing funnel and really dialing in not just every step, but specifically that first step where we're putting our foot forward, a lot of stuff about feet today, and introducing ourselves in the best way possible with a strong message and a really clear call to action, as well as that final piece of the puzzle, that final call to action that gets them to essentially take some kind of purchasing or buying decision or whatever it is that's in your conversion funnel. In fact, I'm using the serial position effect right now. It's the reason that I started out this video with the halo effect because I know that it's an important one for you to remember, and it's going to help to guide you and sort of push you in the direction of prioritizing your marketing, really making sure it's dialed in, and then I'm gonna wrap it all up with what I believe is one of the most important things that you need to be aware of as well so that it sticks in your memory. And on the topic of creating memorable experiences and things that are actually going to stick with and resonate with your clients. Well, it leads us to the next psychological trigger, or cognitive bias known as the recency effect. The recency effect essentially just says that we as humans, well, we tend to give higher weight or more authority or more importance to the most recent bit of information that we've received rather than all the stuff we've heard before. This is the reason that one of the core strategies or core principles behind pretty much everything I do when I'm creating strategic marketing campaigns comes down to ways of increasing frequency and increasing touch points, and essentially increasing the recency or how recently someone saw or heard or engaged with some kind of marketing content. To put this in perspective, let's just say that we're thinking about your client or your customer out there living their lives doing their thing, and you've got your business and your competitor's business both trying to get in front of them, both trying to win their business. Well, if one of you is going to be creating more content, more marketing, and more messages, there's a higher chance that they're going to see these things more recently, which is going to impact their decision making and essentially evaluate the information they get more recently as more valuable. I think that all made sense. Basically, if they see your stuff most recently, they're gonna think it's more important, but there's another way that you can take advantage of that cognitive bias and turn it up a notch, making it even more effective with our next psychological trigger known as the mere exposure effect. Essentially, what the mere exposure effect says is that the more somebody sees something, the more familiar they are with it, the more often you're appearing in front of your clients and in front of your customers, well, the more they're going to naturally like you and trust you, both of which are unsurprisingly incredibly important to build a solid and sustainable business. So by trying to appear more often in front of your customers and in front of your clients, you kind of get to kill two birds with one stone. What a terribly morbid analogy. You get to show up more recently, meaning that they're going to trust your message and view it as more important and holding more weight, and you're also gonna take advantage of the mere exposure effect by showing up more often, which naturally leads to an increase in likability and trust. This is why when it comes to marketing, more really is more, especially if we're trying to increase frequency and increase touch points. Now, this doesn't mean you need to create completely unique content across all of the different platforms. You can reshare and recycle and take away pieces from different parts and share it on different networks and automate the entire process so the whole thing happens on autopilot behind the scenes, but you do need to do it, and this means a little bit of groundwork right up front to set up the whole system, and then it can serve you for weeks, months, and maybe even years to come. All right, now let's hit our next one, which is all about loss aversion. This one is relatively simple and should come as no surprise that people hate missing out on stuff. FOMO, or the fear of missing out, that's real. This is why one of the most important and one of the most valuable tools that you have at your disposal as a business owner, an entrepreneur or a marketer, is using some form of scarcity or urgency or essentially some kind of incentive that's going to disappear if they don't take action and take action soon. What this means is setting some kind of deadline or some kind of limited supply. Obviously, make it real, make it genuine, make it authentic. There's no room for fake deadline timers or any of that nonsense here, but given the option of taking action now or putting it off until later, most people put it off until later and typically later means never. All right, next, let's take a look at the compromise effect. Now, the compromise effect essentially just says that well, people are busy and got a lot of decisions to make, and often it's hard, if not impossible to evaluate all kinds of different selections and options and criteria, so if given the choice, they'll tend to compromise. What this means for you is that if you have a product or a service or something you're trying to sell, well, you're typically better to break it into two or three different options, maybe a low priced option, a middle priced option, and then a high priced option. The key here is to put the one that you want to sell most in the middle as the compromise option essentially, because this is the one that's going to get the most clicks, the most traction, and the most sales. There's an added bonus as well in that by having a higher priced option, well, you're gonna capture 10 to 20% of the market that always wants the premium option and 10 to 20% of the market that always wants the budget friendly or more economical option, and there's a way you can make that middle option, the compromise option, even more appealing simply by labeling it most popular, which takes advantage of the bandwagon effect, but I'm getting ahead of myself. We'll get to that in just a second. The other way to make that middle price option seem that much more valuable and that much more of a good deal is by putting that higher priced option, well quite a bit higher and taking advantage of a principle known as anchoring. Essentially, what anchoring does is it takes advantage of the first piece of information or the first price that someone sees as kind of a a mental anchor that they're going to use to compare all future prices or future options against. This is why if the first price that you can present to someone is incredibly high or incredibly expensive, well, everything that comes after that is gonna seem a whole lot more budget friendly, a whole lot more approachable. Plus, when comparing things side by side, let's say you do have those three different priced options, and the high priced option, which was anchored first is just incredibly high priced, well, it'll make that compromise option seem like a really, really good deal. Plus anchoring like most of the psychological triggers and cognitive biases I'm sharing with you here today, well, there's a little bit of overlap between the serial position effect, which gives more weight to the first and last pieces of information someone sees, as well as the recency effect, which is the most recent piece of information that someone's heard. Basically, with anchoring, like with the serial position, or with the recency effect, people tend to be a little overreliant on this kind of information, which again, biases their future decision making. Okay, let's move on to the next one, which is all about choice overload. So in the previous couple examples, we talked about three different options, low price, middle price, high price, but what if you wanna go more? What if you want all the prices, all the choices, all the options? Well, you may be shooting yourself in the foot. This is because when we have too many choices, well, essentially we limit the odds or the chances of someone doing any of them at all, and if they do take action, it's more likely they're gonna be disappointed with the choice that they made. It's the ultimate lose-lose where they're unlikely to make a choice, and if they do make a choice, they just ain't happy. Now, there are a number of studies that go over this. The most famous one is the jam tasting study where they laid out a ton of different jams and they laid out just a few different jams, and when they laid out all of the choices, very few people bought, and when they laid out just a few different kinds of jams many people bought. As a marketer, your job is to eliminate the confusion, to simplify things for your customer and for your client, not because they're not smart and unable to do the thinking for themselves, but because they are smart and the way that their brains naturally work will be to overanalyze and over process things, which will often lead to inaction. So that's where you step in. You design a customer journey, you think through the process, through the choices they would need to have, the information they need to receive at every stage, and then you design the marketing funnel, or the sales funnel or to help walk them through every single step. All right, next up, we have the framing effect. This, I guess like all of them, is kind of another favorite and one that I use pretty much every single day, which is essentially just framing or positioning your offer or your message in a way that makes it more attractive to the person that you're trying to talk to. Here's the classic example that's often used to describe the framing effect. Let's imagine for a second that you've recently been diagnosed with a terrible medical condition. Sorry to hear. This isn't a very fun exercise. And two doctors come to sort of lay out the options and let you know what the odds of success are for a couple different kinds of treatments. Doctor A says, well, with proper treatment, you have an 80% chance of recovery, going on to live a happy, normal life. Doctor B comes in and says, there's a 20% chance that it's not gonna work out so well for you, and we better start making final plans. Now, here's the thing. Both of these pretty much said the exact same thing, 80% chance of recovery or a 20% chance of death, and yet because they were framed in the possibility of a recovery versus being framed as a a very negative outcome, well, most people, like lot of most people, well, they went with Dr. A. This is why it's important when you're creating your marketing message that you're framing things appropriately in a way that connects with your clients and with your customers, and yes, of course talks about their problems and their pains and their frustrations, but also frames them in a way, kind of spins and positions them in a way where success and a solution is possible and is possible for them. After all, one of the biggest and most important lessons in all of marketing is that it's always about the client. It's always about the customer. It's always about who you're speaking to, what their needs are, what their pains are, what their frustrations are, and how you can communicate the solution to them, and on the topic of them and the people you're trying to serve, we'll move on to the next cognitive bias, which is the IKEA effect. The IKEA effect is an amazing phenomenon where essentially people just value things more when they get to play a part in its creation. The classic study that was done on this is they had a group of participants built a bunch of little Lego creatures, little bionicals. Anyway, people built these things and then were asked to assign of value to them, and unsurprisingly, they assigned value to the ones that they created as worth more money. Essentially, the mere fact that they spent time, they spent energy, they were now a part of this process, made them perceive that these little Lego creatures were worth more than they actually were. Now, the marketing key here is to incorporate and to include elements of engagement and connection and including your clients and your customers and your audience and the people you seek to serve in as much of the creation process as you possibly can. This is why I'm such a big fan of asking for feedback and asking for comments, and asking for surveys and guidance and advice, and anything I can do to keep the conversation going. On that note, be a perfect time to ask you to smash that thumbs up button and make sure to leave me a comment below this video with what your biggest takeaway is so far from all of the different cognitive biases that we've talked about. And just for doing that, I want to thank you in advance because you're such a smart and capable and amazing person. Now, of course, I believe that. I know you're smart. I know you're amazing, and I know you're capable, but what I also just did there was take advantage of a cognitive bias known as the Pygmalion effect, so let's talk about that now. The Pygmalion effect, also known as the Rosenthal Effect, is essentially the cognitive bias, where high expectations lead to better performance and better results. Basically, when you put higher expectations on the people that you serve, on your clients, on your customers, as well as on your friends and family, well, the result tends to be higher performance. This is why treating your clients and customers as smart and capable and respectable people, well, it's not just kind of common sense, but it actually turns out to be pretty good business practice as well, because in return, they're more likely to act smarter and more capable and more respectable, which is good for you, good for them, good for everyone. But you already know that, right, and that leads us perfectly to our next cognitive bias, confirmation bias. What the confirmation bias says is that we as humans, when we receive new information, well, we tend to run it through a certain kind of filter where it confirms and sort of affirms the beliefs and the identity that we already have. Basically, if you read something that's relatively neutral, doesn't take a position one way or another, well, you're more likely to view it as taking your position and supporting your views, whereas someone else who has the complete opposite mindset or complete opposite beliefs provided that article or that piece of content is relatively neutral, well, they're gonna believe that it supports their views and their beliefs. Understanding this, and you can really start to see how people get into such hot water with different views and different beliefs. Now, the key here and the way to tap into confirmation bias is to first really understand your ideal target market, that person that you wanna serve and that really wants to do business with you and understand what makes them tick, what do they believe, who do they feel they are, what do they want and what do they not want? When you do this, you're able to frame pretty much all of your future content and really allow them to just start nodding their heads in agreement with everything you say because you're confirming things that they already believe making you seem more relatable and more authentic and more likable. When you're able to confirm someone's beliefs as right and affirm their identity as right, well, they really start to buy in, and this is powerful stuff. All right, next, let's talk about the Peltzman effect or risk compensation theory. It's actually also known as the zero risk bias, but names aren't important here. What is important is understanding just how much people don't want to take any risks. Now, I kind of touched on this when we talked about loss aversion, but this is essentially taking your marketing and your messaging not extra step further, really making sure that your offer, your business is as low risk or no risk as possible. Basically, if given the choice between a business or an offer that had some element of risk and a business or offer that had basically no risk, well, most people, if not all of them, are gonna go for the no risk one, so how can you overcome this level of risk? Well, the obvious answer is by including some kind of guarantee, money back guarantee, 30 day guarantee, whatever guarantee, but sometimes you're not in a position to offer a guarantee, in which case you really have to double down on your marketing, specifically the social proof elements, by providing testimonials and case studies and proof of results, and basically just saying that what you're claiming is true is actually true. Also, doing your best to establish trust early and often throughout the relationship and taking advantage of that halo effect by making sure that that first impression is a good one by again, putting your best foot forward, again with the feet, with a nice and clean and professional design and message, and essentially presentation to your market. The beauty is, is that when you do this, especially when you're able to tap into elements of social proof, which is essentially just showing that other people, like the people you're trying to serve have done this and they've been okay, well, you're also tapping into another psychological trigger known as the bandwagon effect. The bandwagon effect is all about doing what other people do. Like my mother used to ask me, if all the cool kids jumped off a bridge, would you jump off a bridge too? And according to the bandwagon effect, yes, yes, I would, and I wouldn't be alone. Most people would join me if all the cool kids were doing it because that's what we do as humans. We look to other people, especially people that are like us or that we aspire to be like in order to help us make decisions. This is why providing elements of social proof and testimonials and showing others who've gone before done the same things and had great results from it is such a powerful motivator to get someone to take action. The more proof that you can show that other people have had success, the better, and the closer that these people match the identities or beliefs or values or appearance of the people you're trying to reach, well, the better as well. After all, what you're trying to overcome here is the objection that people like me don't do that, and if you're the one that's able to say, oh, yeah, they do, people like you do that all the time. Your business will grow. All right, next, let's talk about blind-spot bias, which of all of the biases we've talked about, this one is perhaps my favorite and also the most interesting. Basically, what the blind-spot bias says is that all of the things that I've just talked about, including a ton of other cognitive biases and psychological triggers I didn't have time to get to, while all of them are invisible to the people that They don't know they're happening. They're so deeply rooted in our fundamental makeup and are psychology as human beings that we can't recognize when they're actively being used against us, even when we're being told they're being used against us. Yes, that's right. Even if someone is to come out and tell you, hey, don't let anchoring impact your future decision, well, it still seeps in. This is because our brains are busy, busy places, and we have to rely on these mental shortcuts to quickly evaluate information and help us make decisions. Now, of course, the best way to use all of the cognitive biases that I've discussed with you here, the best way, and also importantly, the most ethical way, is to make sure that you're building them on a solid marketing foundation. And this is why the next thing you're gonna want to do is check out the video I have linked up right here on Introduction to Marketing, so make sure to check that out now, I'll see you in the next episode. Marketing helps people solve their problems by clearly defining and delivering solutions and really explaining the benefits of those solutions so they can get better results. (rock music)

- The new Hyundai i20 | Born magnetic: Kind: captions Language: en Born To Shine born to fame born to lead born to attract ready to go the new Hyundai i20 born magnetic

- Get Social: Social Media Trends July 2022 | Adobe Express: window.WIZ_global_data = {"AfY8Hf":false,"FL1an":false,"HiPsbb":0,"MUE6Ne":"youtube_web","MuJWjd":false,"UUFaWc":"%.@.null,1000,2]","cfb2h":"youtube.web-front-end-critical_20260422.08_p0","fPDxwd":[],"hsFLT":"%.@.null,10,3]","iCzhFc":false,"nQyAE":{},"oxN3nb":{"1":false,"0":false,"610401301":false,"899588437":false,"772657768":true,"513659523":false,"568333945":true,"1331761403":false,"651175828":false,"722764542":false,"748402145":false,"748402146":false,"748402147":true,"333098724":false,"861377723":false,"861377724":false,"869336903":false,"882674507":false,"869336904":false,"869336905":false},"u4g7r":"%.@.null,1,3]","vJQk6":false,"xnI9P":false,"xwAfE":true,"yFnxrf":2486};var ytcfg={d:function(){return window.yt&&yt.config_||ytcfg.data_||(ytcfg.data_={})},get:function(k,o){return k in ytcfg.d()?ytcfg.d()[k]:o},set:function(){var a=arguments;if(a.length>1)ytcfg.d()[a[0]]=a[1];else{var k;for(k in a[0])ytcfg.d()[k]=a[0][k]}}}; window.ytcfg.set('EMERGENCY_BASE_URL', '\/error_204?t\x3djserror\x26level\x3dERROR\x26client.name\x3d1\x26client.version\x3d2.20260424.01.00');(function(){window.yterr=window.yterr||true;window.unhandledErrorMessages={};window.unhandledErrorCount=0; window.onerror=function(msg,url,line,columnNumber,error){var err;if(error)err=error;else{err=new Error;err.stack="";err.message=msg;err.fileName=url;err.lineNumber=line;if(!isNaN(columnNumber))err["columnNumber"]=columnNumber}var message=String(err.message);if(!err.message||message in window.unhandledErrorMessages||window.unhandledErrorCount>=5)return;window.unhandledErrorCount+=1;window.unhandledErrorMessages[message]=true;var img=new Image;window.emergencyTimeoutImg=img;img.onload=img.onerror=function(){delete window.emergencyTimeoutImg}; var combinedLineAndColumn=err.lineNumber;if(!isNaN(err["columnNumber"]))combinedLineAndColumn=combinedLineAndColumn+(":"+err["columnNumber"]);var stack=err.stack||"";var values={"msg":message,"type":err.name,"client.params":"unhandled window error","file":err.fileName,"line":combinedLineAndColumn,"stack":stack.substr(0,500)};var thirdPartyScript=!err.fileName||err.fileName===""||stack.indexOf("extension://")>=0;var replaced=stack.replace(/https:\/\/www.youtube.com\//g,"");if(replaced.match(/https?:\/\/[^/]+\//))thirdPartyScript= true;else if(stack.indexOf("trapProp")>=0&&stack.indexOf("trapChain")>=0)thirdPartyScript=true;else if(message.indexOf("redefine non-configurable")>=0)thirdPartyScript=true;var baseUrl=window["ytcfg"].get("EMERGENCY_BASE_URL","https://www.youtube.com/error_204?t=jserror&level=ERROR");var unsupported=message.indexOf("window.customElements is undefined")>=0;if(thirdPartyScript||unsupported)baseUrl=baseUrl.replace("level=ERROR","level=WARNING");var parts=[baseUrl];var key;for(key in values){var value= values[key];if(value)parts.push(key+"="+encodeURIComponent(value))}img.src=parts.join("&")}; (function(){function _getExtendedNativePrototype(tag){var p=this._nativePrototypes[tag];if(!p){p=Object.create(this.getNativePrototype(tag));var p$=Object.getOwnPropertyNames(window["Polymer"].Base);var i=0;var n=void 0;for(;i<p$.length&&(n=p$[i]);i++)if(!window["Polymer"].BaseDescriptors[n])try{p[n]=window["Polymer"].Base[n]}catch(e){throw new Error("Error while copying property: "+n+". Tag is "+tag);}try{Object.defineProperties(p,window["Polymer"].BaseDescriptors)}catch(e){throw new Error("Polymer define property failed for "+ Object.keys(p));}this._nativePrototypes[tag]=p}return p}function handlePolymerError(msg){window.onerror(msg,window.location.href,0,0,new Error(Array.prototype.join.call(arguments,",")))}var origPolymer=window["Polymer"];var newPolymer=function(config){if(!origPolymer._ytIntercepted&&window["Polymer"].Base){origPolymer._ytIntercepted=true;window["Polymer"].Base._getExtendedNativePrototype=_getExtendedNativePrototype;window["Polymer"].Base._error=handlePolymerError;window["Polymer"].Base._warn=handlePolymerError}return origPolymer.apply(this, arguments)};var origDescriptor=Object.getOwnPropertyDescriptor(window,"Polymer");Object.defineProperty(window,"Polymer",{set:function(p){if(origDescriptor&&origDescriptor.set&&origDescriptor.get){origDescriptor.set(p);origPolymer=origDescriptor.get()}else origPolymer=p;if(typeof origPolymer==="function")Object.defineProperty(window,"Polymer",{value:origPolymer,configurable:true,enumerable:true,writable:true})},get:function(){return typeof origPolymer==="function"?newPolymer:origPolymer},configurable:true, enumerable:true})})();}).call(this); window.Polymer=window.Polymer||{};window.Polymer.legacyOptimizations=true;window.Polymer.setPassiveTouchGestures=true;window.ShadyDOM={force:true,preferPerformance:true,noPatch:true}; window.polymerSkipLoadingFontRoboto = true;window.ShadyCSS = {disableRuntime: true};if ('undefined' == typeof Symbol || 'undefined' == typeof Symbol.iterator) {delete Array.prototype.entries;}var ytcsi={gt:function(n){n=(n||"")+"data_";return ytcsi[n]||(ytcsi[n]={tick:{},info:{},gel:{preLoggedGelInfos:[]}})},now:window.performance&&window.performance.timing&&window.performance.now&&window.performance.timing.navigationStart?function(){return window.performance.timing.navigationStart+window.performance.now()}:function(){return(new Date).getTime()},tick:function(l,t,n){var ticks=ytcsi.gt(n).tick;var v=t||ytcsi.now();if(ticks[l]){ticks["_"+l]=ticks["_"+l]||[ticks[l]];ticks["_"+l].push(v)}ticks[l]= v},info:function(k,v,n){ytcsi.gt(n).info[k]=v},infoGel:function(p,n){ytcsi.gt(n).gel.preLoggedGelInfos.push(p)},setStart:function(t,n){ytcsi.tick("_start",t,n)}}; (function(w,d){function isGecko(){if(!w.navigator)return false;try{if(w.navigator.userAgentData&&w.navigator.userAgentData.brands&&w.navigator.userAgentData.brands.length){var brands=w.navigator.userAgentData.brands;var i=0;for(;i0&&ua.toLowerCase().indexOf("webkit")<0&&ua.indexOf("Edge")< 0&&ua.indexOf("Trident")<0&&ua.indexOf("MSIE")<0}ytcsi.setStart(w.performance?w.performance.timing.responseStart:null);var isPrerender=(d.visibilityState||d.webkitVisibilityState)=="prerender";var vName=!d.visibilityState&&d.webkitVisibilityState?"webkitvisibilitychange":"visibilitychange";if(isPrerender){var startTick=function(){ytcsi.setStart();d.removeEventListener(vName,startTick)};d.addEventListener(vName,startTick,false)}if(d.addEventListener)d.addEventListener(vName,function(){ytcsi.tick("vc")}, false);if(isGecko()){var isHidden=(d.visibilityState||d.webkitVisibilityState)=="hidden";if(isHidden)ytcsi.tick("vc")}var slt=function(el,t){setTimeout(function(){var n=ytcsi.now();el.loadTime=n;if(el.slt)el.slt()},t)};w.__ytRIL=function(el){if(!el.getAttribute("data-thumb"))if(w.requestAnimationFrame)w.requestAnimationFrame(function(){slt(el,0)});else slt(el,16)}})(window,document); if (window.ytcsi) {window.ytcsi.tick('lpcs', null, '');}(function() {window.ytplayer={}; ytcfg.set({"CLIENT_CANARY_STATE":"none","DEVICE":"cbr\u003dChrome\u0026cbrand\u003dapple\u0026cbrver\u003d124.0.0.0\u0026ceng\u003dWebKit\u0026cengver\u003d537.36\u0026cos\u003dMacintosh\u0026cosver\u003d10_15_7\u0026cplatform\u003dDESKTOP","DISABLE_YT_IMG_DELAY_LOADING":false,"ELEMENT_POOL_DEFAULT_CAP":75,"EVENT_ID":"8FLvaYGbLrGDid4Pr6KdmQ4","EXPERIMENT_FLAGS":{"PremiumClientSharedConfig__enable_att_context_processor":true,"ab_det_apb_b":true,"ab_det_apm":true,"ab_det_el_h":true,"action_companion_center_align_description":true,"allow_skip_networkless":true,"att_web_record_metrics":true,"attmusi":true,"bg_st_hr":true,"browse_next_continuations_migration_playlist":true,"browse_reload_continuations_migration_home":true,"c3_enable_button_impression_logging":true,"c3_watch_page_component":true,"cancel_pending_navs":true,"channel_details_shelf_resize_observer":true,"check_user_lact_at_prompt_shown_time_on_web":true,"client_respect_autoplay_switch_button_renderer":true,"client_ui_enable_multi_track_audio_on_web_embedded_player":true,"cold_missing_history":true,"compress_gel":true,"cow_optimize_idom_compat":true,"csi_on_gel":true,"defer_menus":true,"defer_overlays":true,"delay_sheet_open_killswitch":true,"delhi_modern_web_player_compact_video_actions_controls":true,"delhi_modern_web_player_disable_frosted_glass":true,"delhi_modern_web_player_icons":true,"delhi_mweb_colorful_sd":true,"delhi_mweb_colorful_sd_v2":true,"delhi_web_player_use_external_playlist_panel":true,"deprecate_pair_servlet_enabled":true,"desktop_add_to_playlist_renderer_dialog_popup":true,"desktop_delay_player_resizing":true,"desktop_enable_dmpanel_click_drag_scroll":true,"desktop_enable_dmpanel_scroll":true,"desktop_enable_dmpanel_wheel_scroll":true,"desktop_enable_entity_suggest":true,"desktop_enable_new_video_metadata":true,"desktop_enable_scrollable_suggestions_panel":true,"desktop_enable_single_suggestion_highlight":true,"desktop_enable_suggestions_panel_padding":true,"desktop_enable_visual_suggest":true,"desktop_keyboard_capture_keydown_killswitch":true,"desktop_mix_use_sampled_color_for_bottom_bar":true,"desktop_mix_use_sampled_color_for_bottom_bar_search":true,"desktop_mix_use_sampled_color_for_bottom_bar_watch_next":true,"desktop_shorts_v2_anchored_panel":true,"desktop_shorts_v2_persistent_anchored_panel":true,"desktop_sparkles_light_cta_button":true,"desktop_use_new_history_manager":true,"disable_child_node_auto_formatted_strings":true,"disable_features_for_supex":true,"disable_legacy_desktop_remote_queue":true,"disable_log_to_visitor_layer":true,"disable_mention_encoded_channel_handle_in_post":true,"disable_mini_app_container_web_view_insets":true,"disable_pacf_logging_for_memory_limited_tv":true,"disable_super_chat_buy_button":true,"embeds_desktop_enable_volume_slider":true,"enable_a11y_focus_fix_for_mac_panel_on_desktop":true,"enable_access_code_service_rpc":true,"enable_active_view_display_ad_renderer_web_home":true,"enable_adjust_menu_pos_on_home":true,"enable_ads_web_ep_buenos_aires_and_padding_fix":true,"enable_align_ad_badge_with_metadata":true,"enable_android_web_view_top_insets_bugfix":true,"enable_att_for_transcript_request_on_web_client":true,"enable_automotive_form_factor_check":true,"enable_button_behavior_reuse":true,"enable_client_only_wiz_tooltips":true,"enable_client_sli_logging":true,"enable_client_streamz_web":true,"enable_client_ve_spec":true,"enable_cloud_save_error_popup_after_retry":true,"enable_command_handler_screen_manager":true,"enable_community_page_on_desktop":true,"enable_connect_icon_update_web":true,"enable_creator_details_shelf_m2":true,"enable_dai_sdf_h5_preroll":true,"enable_datasync_id_header_in_web_vss_pings":true,"enable_default_mono_cta_migration_web_client":true,"enable_description_content_list_support":true,"enable_desktop_amsterdam_info_panels":true,"enable_desktop_search_bigger_thumbs":true,"enable_desktop_search_bigger_thumbs_square":true,"enable_desktop_vdc_components":true,"enable_desktop_vdcbg_components":true,"enable_docked_chat_messages":true,"enable_drop_shadow_experiment":true,"enable_embeds_new_caption_language_picker":true,"enable_entity_store_from_dependency_injection":true,"enable_force_imp_autoplay_on_desktop_search":true,"enable_full_length_inline_playback_desktop_search_shorts":true,"enable_gaia_reauthentication":true,"enable_gel_log_commands":true,"enable_google_payments_buyflow_material2_style_web":true,"enable_grid_shelf_view_model_for_desktop_shorts_grid":true,"enable_handle_search_on_channel_switcher":true,"enable_handles_account_menu_switcher":true,"enable_handles_in_mention_suggest_posts":true,"enable_hlp_client_icon_pick":true,"enable_image_poll_post_creation":true,"enable_inline_muted_playback_on_web_search":true,"enable_inline_muted_playback_on_web_search_for_vdc":true,"enable_inline_muted_playback_on_web_search_for_vdcb":true,"enable_inline_shorts_on_wn":true,"enable_interstitial_entity_check":true,"enable_ios_webview_radio_button_responsiveness":true,"enable_is_mini_app_page_active_bugfix":true,"enable_lcr_emoji_fountain":true,"enable_logging_first_user_action_after_game_ready":true,"enable_ltc_param_fetch_from_innertube":true,"enable_lwe_web_mute":true,"enable_main_app_watch_redux":true,"enable_masthead_quartile_ping_fix":true,"enable_memberships_and_purchases":true,"enable_mentions_in_reposts":true,"enable_menu_renderer_button_in_mweb_hclr":true,"enable_microformat_data":true,"enable_mini_app_command_handler_mweb_fix":true,"enable_mixed_direction_formatted_strings":true,"enable_multi_image_post_creation":true,"enable_mweb_keyboard_shortcuts":true,"enable_names_handles_account_switcher":true,"enable_native_bridge_view_saved_playables":true,"enable_network_request_logging_on_game_events":true,"enable_new_channel_creation_for_id4all":true,"enable_new_paid_product_placement":true,"enable_new_shield_moderator_badge":true,"enable_on_visibility_change_commands_for_panels":true,"enable_open_in_new_tab_icon_for_short_dr_for_desktop_search":true,"enable_origin_query_parameter_bugfix":true,"enable_pause_ads_on_ytv_html5":true,"enable_payments_purchase_manager":true,"enable_pdp_icon_prefetch":true,"enable_place_pivot_page_entry_point":true,"enable_place_pivot_url":true,"enable_playable_container_save_button":true,"enable_playable_entity_save_menu_item":true,"enable_playables_url_resolution":true,"enable_player_resize_transition":true,"enable_polymer_resin":true,"enable_polymer_resin_migration":true,"enable_post_cct_links":true,"enable_post_scheduling":true,"enable_premium_voluntary_pause":true,"enable_programmed_playlist_color_sample":true,"enable_programmed_playlist_redesign":true,"enable_purchase_activity_in_paid_memberships":true,"enable_pv_screen_modern_text":true,"enable_quiz_creation":true,"enable_redirect_linking_for_desktop_web_client":true,"enable_reel_action_bar_view_model":true,"enable_reel_watch_sequence":true,"enable_rfa_external_links":true,"enable_rfa_rate_limits":true,"enable_rta_manager":true,"enable_screen_manager_layer_separation":true,"enable_sdf_companion_h5":true,"enable_sdf_dai_h5_midroll":true,"enable_sdf_h5_endemic_mid_post_roll":true,"enable_sdf_on_h5_unplugged_vod_midroll":true,"enable_sdf_shorts_player_bytes_h5":true,"enable_search_page_stacking_context":true,"enable_seedless_shorts_url":true,"enable_sending_unwrapped_game_audio_as_serialized_metadata":true,"enable_server_stitched_dai":true,"enable_service_ajax_csn":true,"enable_sfv_audio_pivot_url":true,"enable_sfv_effect_pivot_url":true,"enable_shadydom_free_scoped_node_methods":true,"enable_shadydom_free_scoped_query_methods":true,"enable_shadydom_free_scoped_readonly_properties_batch_one":true,"enable_share_panel_navigation_logging_fix_on_web":true,"enable_short_dr_for_desktop_launchable":true,"enable_shorts_grid_on_desktop_serp":true,"enable_shorts_new_carousel":true,"enable_shorts_poll_stickers_web":true,"enable_show_more_button_for_desktop_shorts_grid":true,"enable_skip_ad_guidance_prompt":true,"enable_skippable_ads_for_unplugged_ad_pod":true,"enable_smearing_expansion_dai":true,"enable_structured_description_shorts_web_mweb":true,"enable_structured_text_list_group_parsing":true,"enable_sync_call_to_eom_cons":true,"enable_tectonic_ad_ux_for_halftime":true,"enable_time_out_messages":true,"enable_timeline_view_modern_transcript_fe":true,"enable_topsoil_wta_for_halftime_live_infra":true,"enable_unified_cancellation_for_premium_immediate_refunds":true,"enable_variable_timeout_web":true,"enable_video_display_compact_button_group_for_desktop_search":true,"enable_view_pronouns_on_main_app":true,"enable_web_animated_like_fix":true,"enable_web_delhi_icons":true,"enable_web_home_top_landscape_image_layout_level_click":true,"enable_web_ketchup_hero_animation":true,"enable_web_premium_varispeed":true,"enable_web_premium_varispeed_upsell":true,"enable_web_shorts_audio_track":true,"enable_web_shorts_mention_pivot":true,"enable_web_tiered_gel":true,"enable_window_constrained_buy_flow_dialog":true,"enable_wiz_queue_effect_and_on_init_initial_runs":true,"enable_yoodle":true,"enable_your_playables_feed_entrypoint":true,"enable_ypc_spinners":true,"enable_yt_ata_iframe_authuser":true,"enable_ytc_refunds_submit_form_signal_action":true,"enable_ytc_self_serve_refunds":true,"enable_zero_prefix_mention_suggestion_web":true,"endpoint_handler_logging_cleanup_killswitch":true,"export_networkless_options":true,"export_player_version_to_ytconfig":true,"external_fullscreen":true,"fill_single_video_with_notify_to_lasr":true,"fix_ads_tracking_for_swf_config_deprecation_mweb":true,"fix_alignment_search_desktop_text_image_ads_small_screens":true,"fix_masthead_player_on_imp":true,"fix_masthead_player_on_scroll":true,"global_spacebar_pause":true,"h5_companion_enable_adcpn_macro_substitution_for_click_pings":true,"h5_inplayer_enable_adcpn_macro_substitution_for_click_pings":true,"h5_reset_cache_and_filter_before_update_masthead":true,"handles_in_mention_suggest_posts":true,"hide_channel_creation_title_for_mweb":true,"hide_live_chat_button_when_collapsed":true,"high_ccv_client_side_caching_h5":true,"html5_log_trigger_events_with_debug_data":true,"html5_offline_playback_position_sync":true,"html5_recognize_predict_start_cue_point":true,"html5_server_stitched_dai_group":true,"html5_ssdai_enable_media_end_cue_range":true,"idb_immediate_commit":true,"il_attach_cache_limit":true,"il_use_view_model_logging_context":true,"include_autoplay_count_in_playlists":true,"is_browser_support_for_webcam_streaming":true,"is_part_of_any_user_engagement_experiment":true,"json_condensed_response":true,"kevlar_appshell_service_worker":true,"kevlar_autonav_popup_filtering":true,"kevlar_cache_cold_load_response":true,"kevlar_cache_on_ttl_player":true,"kevlar_cancel_scheduled_comment_jobs_on_navigate":true,"kevlar_channel_trailer_multi_attach":true,"kevlar_check_current_page_on_stop_old_player":true,"kevlar_clear_duplicate_pref_cookie":true,"kevlar_clear_non_displayable_url_params":true,"kevlar_client_enable_shorts_player_bootstrap":true,"kevlar_client_side_screens":true,"kevlar_command_handler":true,"kevlar_command_handler_formatted_string":true,"kevlar_command_url":true,"kevlar_continue_playback_without_player_response":true,"kevlar_decorate_endpoint_with_onesie_config":true,"kevlar_disable_background_prefetch":true,"kevlar_droppable_prefetchable_requests":true,"kevlar_early_popup_close":true,"kevlar_enable_download_upsell_type_a":true,"kevlar_enable_editable_playlists":true,"kevlar_enable_reorderable_playlists":true,"kevlar_enable_shorts_prefetch_in_sequence":true,"kevlar_exit_fullscreen_leaving_watch":true,"kevlar_flexible_menu":true,"kevlar_gel_error_routing":true,"kevlar_guide_menu_on_hover":true,"kevlar_help_use_locale":true,"kevlar_hide_pp_url_param":true,"kevlar_hide_time_continue_url_param":true,"kevlar_home_skeleton":true,"kevlar_js_fixes":true,"kevlar_keyboard_button_focus":true,"kevlar_lazy_list_resume_for_autofill":true,"kevlar_log_updated_time_for_smart_downloads":true,"kevlar_macro_markers_keyboard_shortcut":true,"kevlar_mealbar_above_player":true,"kevlar_miniplayer_expand_top":true,"kevlar_miniplayer_play_pause_on_scrim":true,"kevlar_mix_handle_first_endpoint_different":true,"kevlar_modern_mini_guide":true,"kevlar_op_infra":true,"kevlar_op_warm_pages":true,"kevlar_passive_event_listeners":true,"kevlar_playback_associated_queue":true,"kevlar_player_check_ad_state_on_stop":true,"kevlar_player_listener_behavior_to_class":true,"kevlar_player_new_bootstrap_adoption":true,"kevlar_player_playlist_use_local_index":true,"kevlar_player_watch_endpoint_navigation":true,"kevlar_playlist_drag_handles":true,"kevlar_playlist_use_x_close_button":true,"kevlar_prefetch":true,"kevlar_prevent_polymer_dynamic_font_load":true,"kevlar_service_command_check":true,"kevlar_shorts_seedless_retry_initial_load":true,"kevlar_show_playlist_dl_btn":true,"kevlar_system_icons":true,"kevlar_thumbnail_fluid":true,"kevlar_touch_feedback":true,"kevlar_trim_player_behavior":true,"kevlar_tuner_should_defer_detach":true,"kevlar_typography_spacing_update":true,"kevlar_typography_update":true,"kevlar_unified_errors_init":true,"kevlar_use_response_ttl_to_invalidate_cache":true,"kevlar_use_vimio_behavior":true,"kevlar_use_wil_icons":true,"kevlar_vimio_use_shared_monitor":true,"kevlar_voice_search_use_yt_endpoint":true,"kevlar_watch_cinematics":true,"kevlar_watch_color_update":true,"kevlar_watch_flexy_comments_manager":true,"kevlar_watch_flexy_playlist_manager":true,"kevlar_watch_flexy_theater_manager":true,"kevlar_watch_focus_on_engagement_panels":true,"kevlar_watch_hide_comments_while_panel_open":true,"kevlar_watch_js_panel_height":true,"kevlar_watch_metadata_refresh":true,"kevlar_watch_metadata_refresh_no_old_secondary_data":true,"kevlar_watch_no_top_margin":true,"kevlar_watch_reduced_top_margin":true,"kevlar_woffle":true,"kevlar_woffle_fallback_image":true,"kevlar_woffle_log_thumbnail_failure_ve":true,"kevlar_ytb_live_badges":true,"killswitch_toggle_button_behavior_resolve_command":true,"limit_ytcsi_debug_array_size":true,"live_chat_cow_visibility_set_up":true,"live_chat_enable_close_for_ticker_item":true,"live_chat_enable_rta_manager":true,"live_chat_gifts_on_classic_web":true,"live_chat_message_renderer_fix":true,"live_chat_prune_all_participants_char_map":true,"live_chat_relocate_web_banner_update":true,"live_chat_require_space_for_autocomplete_emoji":true,"live_chat_web_use_emoji_manager_singleton":true,"log_click_with_layer_from_element_in_command_handler":true,"log_gel_compression_latency":true,"log_heartbeat_with_lifecycles":true,"mdx_enable_privacy_disclosure_ui":true,"mdx_load_cast_api_bootstrap_script":true,"medium_progress_bar_modification":true,"migrate_remaining_web_ad_badges_to_innertube":true,"mobile_account_menu_refresh":true,"modernize_structured_description_playlist_lockups_v2":true,"music_on_main_open_playlist_recommended_videos_in_miniplayer":true,"mweb_account_linking_noapp":true,"mweb_allow_modern_search_suggest_behavior":true,"mweb_animated_actions":true,"mweb_app_upsell_button_direct_to_app":true,"mweb_badge_shape_defrag":true,"mweb_c3_enable_adaptive_signals":true,"mweb_c3_library_page_enable_recent_shelf":true,"mweb_c3_remove_web_navigation_endpoint_data":true,"mweb_c3_use_canonical_from_player_response":true,"mweb_cinematic_watch":true,"mweb_command_handler":true,"mweb_delay_watch_initial_data":true,"mweb_disable_searchbar_scroll":true,"mweb_enable_click_to_play_pause":true,"mweb_enable_colorful_ai_summary":true,"mweb_enable_fine_scrubbing_for_recs":true,"mweb_enable_imp_portal":true,"mweb_enable_keto_batch_player_fullscreen":true,"mweb_enable_keto_batch_player_progress_bar":true,"mweb_enable_keto_batch_player_tooltips":true,"mweb_enable_lockup_view_model_for_ucp":true,"mweb_enable_mix_panel_title_metadata":true,"mweb_enable_more_chunks":true,"mweb_enable_more_drawer":true,"mweb_enable_optional_fullscreen_landscape_locking":true,"mweb_enable_overlay_touch_manager":true,"mweb_enable_premium_carve_out_fix":true,"mweb_enable_refresh_detection":true,"mweb_enable_search_imp":true,"mweb_enable_shorts_search_topbar":true,"mweb_enable_shorts_video_preload":true,"mweb_enable_two_line_title_on_shorts":true,"mweb_enable_varispeed_controller":true,"mweb_enable_watch_feed_infinite_scroll":true,"mweb_enable_wrapped_unplugged_pause_membership_dialog_renderer":true,"mweb_fix_monitor_visibility_after_render":true,"mweb_force_ios_fallback_to_native_control":true,"mweb_fp_auto_fullscreen":true,"mweb_fp_enable_shorts_swipe_logging":true,"mweb_fullscreen_controls":true,"mweb_fullscreen_controls_action_buttons":true,"mweb_fullscreen_watch_system":true,"mweb_get_endpoint_from_atag_command":true,"mweb_home_reactive_shorts":true,"mweb_innertube_search_command":true,"mweb_kaios_enable_autoplay_switch_view_model":true,"mweb_lang_in_html":true,"mweb_like_button_synced_with_entities":true,"mweb_logo_use_home_page_ve":true,"mweb_native_control_in_faux_fullscreen_shared":true,"mweb_player_control_on_hover":true,"mweb_player_delhi_dtts":true,"mweb_player_show_previous_next_buttons_in_playlist":true,"mweb_player_skip_no_op_state_changes":true,"mweb_player_tapping_threshold_killswitch":true,"mweb_player_user_select_none":true,"mweb_playlist_engagement_panel":true,"mweb_progress_bar_seek_on_mouse_click":true,"mweb_propagate_player_link_clicks":true,"mweb_pull_2_full":true,"mweb_pull_2_full_enable_touch_handlers":true,"mweb_schedule_warm_watch_response":true,"mweb_searchbox_legacy_navigation":true,"mweb_see_fewer_shorts":true,"mweb_setting_category_fix":true,"mweb_shorts_comments_panel_id_change":true,"mweb_shorts_early_continuation":true,"mweb_show_sign_in_button_from_header":true,"mweb_use_server_url_on_startup":true,"mweb_watch_captions_enable_auto_translate":true,"mweb_watch_captions_set_default_size":true,"mweb_watch_stop_scheduler_on_player_response":true,"mweb_watchfeed_big_thumbnails":true,"mweb_yt_searchbox":true,"network_status_banner_display_none":true,"networkless_logging":true,"offline_error_handling":true,"optimal_reading_width_comments_ep":true,"owl_pl_await":true,"pageid_as_header_web":true,"par_at_ep":true,"pdg_enable_creator_goals_animations":true,"pdg_enable_flow_logging_for_super_chat":true,"pdg_enable_flow_logging_for_super_stickers":true,"player_bootstrap_method":true,"player_controls_autonav_fix":true,"player_controls_skip_double_signal_update":true,"player_controls_volume_controls_use_player_props":true,"player_doubletap_to_seek":true,"player_enable_playback_playlist_change":true,"polymer_bad_build_labels":true,"polymer_verifiy_app_state":true,"problem_walkthrough_sd":true,"qoe_send_and_write":true,"record_app_crashed_web":true,"reels_web_use_pbs_first_shorts":true,"remove_chevron_from_ad_disclosure_banner_h5":true,"remove_masthead_channel_banner_on_refresh":true,"remove_slot_id_exited_trigger_for_dai_in_player_slot_expire":true,"rich_grid_enable_dynamic_offset":true,"searchbox_reporting":true,"serve_pdp_at_canonical_url":true,"service_worker_enabled":true,"service_worker_push_enabled":true,"service_worker_push_home_page_prompt":true,"service_worker_push_watch_page_prompt":true,"service_worker_static_routing_exclude_embed":true,"service_worker_static_routing_registration":true,"shell_load_gcf":true,"shorts_desktop_watch_while_sdp":true,"shorts_enable_reel_carousel":true,"shorts_in_playlists_web":true,"shorts_overlay_reshuffle":true,"should_clear_video_data_on_player_cued_unstarted":true,"should_use_yt_voice_endpoint_in_kaios":true,"skip_ls_gel_retry":true,"small_avatars_for_comments":true,"small_avatars_for_comments_ep":true,"smarter_ve_dedupping":true,"sponsorships_enable_redirect_to_membership_tab_desktop":true,"sponsorships_free_creator_gifting":true,"start_client_gcf":true,"stop_handling_click_for_non_rendering_overlay_layout":true,"suppress_error_204_logging":true,"synced_panel_scrolling_controller":true,"transport_use_scheduler":true,"use_ads_engagement_panel_desktop_footer_cta":true,"use_better_post_dismissals":true,"use_event_time_ms_header":true,"use_fifo_for_networkless":true,"use_request_time_ms_header":true,"use_session_based_sampling":true,"use_thumbnail_overlay_time_status_renderer_for_live_badge":true,"use_unified_flag_accessor":true,"use_ytd_player_for_desktop_masthead":true,"vss_final_ping_send_and_write":true,"vss_playback_use_send_and_write":true,"warm_op_csn_cleanup":true,"web_adaptive_repeat_ase":true,"web_always_load_chat_support":true,"web_amsterdam_post_mvp_playlists":true,"web_animated_actions":true,"web_animated_actions_v2":true,"web_api_url":true,"web_appshell_purge_trigger":true,"web_appshell_refresh_trigger":true,"web_atagconfig_pointerdown":true,"web_attributed_string_deep_equal_bugfix":true,"web_autonav_allow_off_by_default":true,"web_badge_shape_defrag":true,"web_button_or_anchor_list_item":true,"web_button_rework":true,"web_button_rework_with_live":true,"web_button_view_model_non_nullish_data":true,"web_button_vm_refactor_disabled":true,"web_bypass_polymer_yt_icon":true,"web_c3_log_app_init_finish":true,"web_c3po_yt_image":true,"web_chat_prevent_chat_header_overflow":true,"web_collect_offline_state":true,"web_comment_threading_scroll_on_collapse":true,"web_csi_action_sampling_enabled":true,"web_csi_debug_sample_enabled":true,"web_dedupe_ve_grafting":true,"web_delhi_colorful_sd":true,"web_delhi_comment_threads":true,"web_disable_chip_view_model_mutation":true,"web_disable_ep_scrim":true,"web_enable_ab_rsp_cl":true,"web_enable_ad_button_style_override":true,"web_enable_adaptive_appl_signal":true,"web_enable_arrow_key_navigation_in_dropdown":true,"web_enable_aspect_ratio_fix":true,"web_enable_course_icon_update":true,"web_enable_creator_chatbot_client":true,"web_enable_deeper_metadata_highlight_styling":true,"web_enable_effect_pivot_panel":true,"web_enable_entity_upsert_on_update":true,"web_enable_error_204":true,"web_enable_ghost_cards_for_chip_bar":true,"web_enable_invite_collaborators_link":true,"web_enable_keyboard_shortcut_for_timely_actions":true,"web_enable_merch_item_rounding_fix":true,"web_enable_player_creator_endscreen_manager":true,"web_enable_playlist_panel_renderer_panel_interface":true,"web_enable_rich_item_on_focus_effect":true,"web_enable_rich_item_on_focus_effect_monet":true,"web_enable_rich_item_on_focus_effect_monet_additive":true,"web_enable_shopping_timely_shelf_client":true,"web_enable_shorts_remix_handoff_ep":true,"web_enable_shorts_sequence_refactor":true,"web_enable_timely_actions":true,"web_enable_varispeed_panel":true,"web_enable_voting_animation":true,"web_engagement_panel_show_description":true,"web_ep_header_focus_a11y_fix":true,"web_ep_restyling":true,"web_fix_fine_scrubbing_false_play":true,"web_fix_missing_action_buttons":true,"web_fix_rolling_numbers_zoom_safari":true,"web_fix_sticky_playlist_header":true,"web_fix_sticky_playlist_header_v2":true,"web_focus_first_element_sheet":true,"web_forward_command_on_pbj":true,"web_frosted_glass":true,"web_frosted_glass_disable_watch":true,"web_fullscreen_components":true,"web_fullscreen_shorts":true,"web_gcf_hashes_innertube":true,"web_gel_timeout_cap":true,"web_generate_att_data_for_get_transcript_request":true,"web_get_updated_metadata_fantasy_panel_continuation_params":true,"web_header_eu_about_these_results":true,"web_hide_watch_info_empty":true,"web_hide_your_data_on_automotive":true,"web_home_reflow_options_tuning":true,"web_horizontal_shelf_imp_thumbnail_border_rounding":true,"web_hover_effect_refactor":true,"web_imp_load_player_refactor":true,"web_imp_occlusion_tracking_enabled":true,"web_imp_theater_bugfix":true,"web_infocards_teaser_show_logging_fix":true,"web_log_memory_total_kbytes":true,"web_log_player_watch_next_ticks":true,"web_log_reels_ticks":true,"web_manual_downloads_only_toast":true,"web_mix_long_byline_from_data":true,"web_modern_buttons":true,"web_modern_collections":true,"web_modern_dialogs":true,"web_modern_official_card_for_events":true,"web_modern_official_card_two_column_for_events":true,"web_modern_tabs":true,"web_move_autoplay_video_under_chip":true,"web_no_skip_video_on_verification_checks":true,"web_now_playing_badge":true,"web_official_card_concise_lockup_metadata":true,"web_official_card_rich_imagery":true,"web_open_ai_support_links_external_window":true,"web_parent_target_for_sheets":true,"web_persist_server_autonav_state_on_client":true,"web_playback_associated_log_ctt":true,"web_playback_associated_ve":true,"web_player_autonav_use_server_provided_state":true,"web_player_enable_featured_product_banner_exclusives_on_desktop":true,"web_player_enable_featured_product_banner_promotion_text_on_desktop":true,"web_player_enable_fullscreen_feature":true,"web_player_enable_premium_hbr_in_h5_api":true,"web_player_enable_premium_hbr_playback_cap":true,"web_player_entities_middleware":true,"web_player_log_click_before_generating_ve_conversion_params":true,"web_player_move_autonav_toggle":true,"web_player_pip_logging_fix":true,"web_player_quick_action_buttons_icon_only":true,"web_player_rtr_ctrls":true,"web_player_updated_entrypoint":true,"web_player_use_new_api_for_quality_pullback":true,"web_prefetch_preload_video":true,"web_progress_bar_draggable":true,"web_reels_enable_audio_pivot_in_engagement_panel":true,"web_remove_broken_subscribe_endscreen":true,"web_responsive_current":true,"web_rich_shelf_show_more_button":true,"web_scroll_to_engagement_panel_bugfix":true,"web_section_list_renderer_nonpersist_continuation":true,"web_section_list_renderer_wrapped_contents":true,"web_service_params_response_processor":true,"web_settings_menu_surface_custom_playback":true,"web_settings_use_input_slider":true,"web_shorts_2_by_3_lockups_study":true,"web_shorts_audio_track_picker":true,"web_shorts_comment_stickers":true,"web_shorts_early_continuation":true,"web_shorts_fade_overlay":true,"web_shorts_fallback_sticker":true,"web_shorts_fixed_number_of_previous_thumbnails":true,"web_shorts_panel_caching_bugfix":true,"web_shorts_prefetch_service_enabled":true,"web_shorts_scroll_top":true,"web_shorts_scrubber_bar":true,"web_shorts_shelf_on_search":true,"web_shorts_show_overlay_when_rendering_finished":true,"web_shorts_sound_metadata":true,"web_shorts_surveys":true,"web_shorts_wn_shelf_header_tuning":true,"web_skip_missing_vimio_observer":true,"web_sleep_timer":true,"web_speedmaster_spacebar_control":true,"web_streaming_watch":true,"web_structured_description_show_more":true,"web_supports_animations_api":true,"web_timeline_view_section_list_renderer":true,"web_tooltip_location_fix":true,"web_tooltip_size_calculation_fix":true,"web_update_panel_visibility_logging_fix":true,"web_use_cache_for_image_fallback":true,"web_video_companion_modern_transcript":true,"web_watch_add_viewport_meta_tag":true,"web_watch_cinematics_preferred_reduced_motion_default_disabled":true,"web_watch_close_eps_on_fullscreen":true,"web_watch_compact_comments":true,"web_watch_controls_state_signals":true,"web_watch_eligible_to_switch_to_grid":true,"web_watch_enable_fs_squeezeback_panels":true,"web_watch_enable_learning_journey":true,"web_watch_enable_single_column_grid_view":true,"web_watch_enable_tm_esc_key":true,"web_watch_ep_enable_property_observers":true,"web_watch_fill_description_more_text":true,"web_watch_fix_ambient_mode_cutoff":true,"web_watch_fullerscreen_deprecation_ui":true,"web_watch_get_updated_metadata_manager":true,"web_watch_item_section_renderer_related_chips_caching":true,"web_watch_move_summary_to_sd":true,"web_watch_next_secondary_results_stamper_cleanup":true,"web_watch_no_dividers":true,"web_watch_panel_content_match_theme":true,"web_watch_playlist_after_panels":true,"web_watch_provide_undefined_comments":true,"web_watch_rounded_player_large":true,"web_watch_stop_collapsing_replay_chat":true,"web_watch_stop_scheduler_on_player_response":true,"web_watch_theater_chat":true,"web_watch_transscript_use_parent_max_height":true,"web_watch_typography_title_headline_xs":true,"web_watch_updated_metadata_server_initial_delay":true,"web_watch_video_details_hide_subtitle":true,"web_watch_video_details_single_line_title":true,"web_watch_video_details_transparent_background":true,"web_yt_searchbox":true,"webfe_mweb_watch_microdata":true,"webfe_preload_attc":true,"webfe_reporting_telemetry_module_enabled":true,"webfe_use_enf_mod":true,"webfe_watch_shorts_canonical_url_fix":true,"webpo_exit_on_net_err":true,"wil_icon_render_when_idle":true,"wiz_diff_overwritable":true,"wiz_wrapper_callback_props_fix":true,"woffle_enable_download_status":true,"woffle_orchestration":true,"woffle_playlist_visitor_fix":true,"wp_lat_b":true,"wug_networking_gzip_request":true,"ww_squeezeback_killswitch":true,"youthere_supported":true,"ytd_expander_use_resize_observer":true,"ytpopup_close_sibling_popups_killswitch":true,"H5_async_logging_delay_ms":30000.0,"annotation_module_vast_cards_load_logging_fraction":0.0,"app_shell_asset_log_fraction":0.01,"attention_logging_scroll_throttle":500.0,"autoplay_pause_by_lact_sampling_fraction":0.0,"cinematic_watch_effect_letterbox_opacity":0.4,"cinematic_watch_effect_opacity":0.4,"dynamic_metadata_update_interaction_delay_period_sec":5.0,"kevlar_tuner_clamp_device_pixel_ratio":2.0,"kevlar_tuner_thumbnail_factor":1.0,"kevlar_unified_player_logging_threshold":1.0,"kevlar_watch_sidebar_width_percentage":0.25,"log_window_onerror_fraction":0.1,"polymer_property_access_logging_percent":0.0,"polymer_report_client_url_requested_rate":0.001,"polymer_report_missing_web_navigation_endpoint_rate":0.001,"prefetch_coordinator_error_logging_sampling_rate":1.0,"speedmaster_playback_rate":2.0,"web_attention_logging_scroll_throttle":500.0,"web_load_prediction_threshold":0.3,"web_navigation_prediction_threshold":0.1,"web_pbj_log_warning_rate":0.0,"web_shorts_error_logging_threshold":0.001,"web_system_health_fraction":0.01,"web_watch_responsive_secondary_minimum_visible_items":2.5,"ytidb_transaction_ended_event_rate_limit":0.02,"active_time_update_interval_ms":10000,"att_init_delay":200,"autoplay_pause_by_lact_sec":0,"autoplay_time":8000,"autoplay_time_for_fullscreen":3000,"autoplay_time_for_music_content":3000,"botguard_async_snapshot_timeout_ms":3000,"check_navigator_accuracy_timeout_ms":0,"cinematic_watch_css_filter_blur_strength":40,"cinematic_watch_fade_out_duration":500,"cinematic_watch_transition_frame_rate":15,"client_streamz_web_flush_count":100,"client_streamz_web_flush_interval_seconds":60,"close_webview_delay_ms":100,"cloud_save_game_data_rate_limit_ms":3000,"compression_disable_point":10,"custom_active_view_tos_timeout_ms":3600000,"delayed_cta_on_web_delay_milliseconds":1000,"desktop_fountain_emoji_size_px":20,"desktop_search_suggestion_tap_target":0,"desktop_suggestions_panel_row_height":44,"exp_shorts_ads_mvp_filtering_hex_value_web":0,"external_fullscreen_button_click_threshold":2,"external_fullscreen_button_shown_threshold":10,"gel_min_batch_size":3,"gel_queue_timeout_max_ms":300000,"get_async_timeout_ms":60000,"html5_byterate_soft_cap":0,"initial_gel_batch_timeout":2000,"kevlar_guide_menu_on_hover_hide_delay":500,"kevlar_guide_menu_on_hover_show_delay":300,"kevlar_lockup_hover_delay":32,"kevlar_mini_guide_width_threshold":791,"kevlar_persistent_guide_width_threshold":1312,"kevlar_time_caching_end_threshold":15,"kevlar_time_caching_start_threshold":15,"kevlar_tooltip_impression_cap":2,"kevlar_tuner_scheduler_soft_state_timer_ms":800,"kevlar_tuner_visibility_time_between_jobs_ms":100,"kevlar_watch_flexy_metadata_height":92,"kevlar_watch_max_player_width":1840,"kevlar_watch_page_columns_top_padding":12,"kevlar_watch_page_horizontal_margin":16,"kevlar_watch_secondary_max_width":550,"kevlar_watch_secondary_width":402,"kevlar_watch_sidebar_min_width":300,"kevlar_watch_two_column_width_threshold":1000,"live_chat_chunk_rendering":0,"live_chat_chunking_qps_threshold":-1,"max_body_size_to_compress":500000,"max_num_images_per_post_web_ui":10,"max_prefetch_window_sec_for_livestream_optimization":10,"min_prefetch_offset_sec_for_livestream_optimization":20,"mini_app_container_iframe_src_update_delay_ms":0,"multiple_preview_news_duration_time":11000,"mweb_c3_toast_duration_ms":11000,"mweb_deep_link_fallback_timeout_ms":10000,"mweb_delay_response_received_actions":100,"mweb_dwell_delay_ms":500,"mweb_fp_dpad_rate_limit_ms":0,"mweb_fp_dpad_watch_title_clamp_lines":0,"mweb_history_manager_cache_size":100,"mweb_ios_fullscreen_playback_transition_delay_ms":500,"mweb_ios_fullscreen_system_pause_epilson_ms":0,"mweb_override_response_store_expiration_ms":0,"mweb_shorts_early_continuation_trigger_threshold":4,"mweb_shorts_number_of_thumbnails_shown":2,"mweb_w2w_max_age_seconds":0,"mweb_watch_captions_default_size":2,"neon_dark_launch_gradient_count":0,"network_polling_interval":30000,"pbj_navigate_limit":-1,"play_click_interval_ms":30000,"play_ping_interval_ms":10000,"prefetch_coordinator_command_timeout_ms":60000,"prefetch_coordinator_max_inflight_requests":1,"rich_grid_default_max_items_per_row":6,"rich_grid_dynamic_offset_anchor_width":1200,"rich_grid_dynamic_offset_lower_bound":-40,"rich_grid_dynamic_offset_offset_per_100":20,"rich_grid_max_item_width":700,"rich_grid_min_item_width":310,"send_config_hash_timer":0,"service_worker_push_logged_out_prompt_watches":-1,"service_worker_push_prompt_cap":-1,"service_worker_push_prompt_delay_microseconds":3888000000000,"slow_compressions_before_abandon_count":4,"speedmaster_cancellation_movement_dp":10,"speedmaster_touch_activation_ms":500,"swatcheroo_provide_all_data_delay_ms":250,"theater_mode_cookie_max_age_seconds":-1,"user_engagement_experiments_rate_limit_ms":86400000,"user_mention_suggestions_edu_impression_cap":10,"visibility_time_between_jobs_ms":100,"web_cold_open_animation_initial_delay":2000,"web_continuation_handler_margin":0,"web_emulated_idle_callback_delay":0,"web_foreground_heartbeat_interval_ms":28000,"web_gel_debounce_ms":60000,"web_logging_max_batch":150,"web_max_tracing_events":50,"web_page_transition_enter_fast_ms":50,"web_page_transition_enter_ms":200,"web_page_transition_exit_ms":50,"web_page_transition_wait_ms":50,"web_page_transition_watch_enter_ms":250,"web_page_transition_watch_exit_ms":200,"web_page_transition_watch_next_enter_fast_ms":50,"web_page_transition_watch_next_enter_ms":200,"web_page_transition_watch_next_exit_ms":50,"web_page_transition_watch_next_wait_ms":50,"web_page_transition_watch_wait_ms":100,"web_session_replay_send_after_timeout":0,"web_shorts_early_continuation_number_prior_to_last_short":2,"web_shorts_number_of_thumbnails_shown":5,"web_tracing_session_replay":0,"web_watch_feed_narrow_threshold":300,"wil_icon_max_concurrent_fetches":9999,"wn_grid_max_item_width":0,"wn_grid_min_item_width":0,"yoodle_end_time_utc":0,"yoodle_start_time_utc":0,"ytcsi_debug_max_size":100,"ytidb_remake_db_retries":3,"ytidb_reopen_db_retries":3,"WebClientReleaseProcessCritical__youtube_web_client_version_override":"","debug_forced_internalcountrycode":"","desktop_search_bigger_thumbs_style":"BIG","enable_web_media_service":"DISABLED","il_payload_scraping":"","kevlar_duplicate_pref_cookie_domain_override":"","kevlar_link_capturing_mode":"","live_chat_unicode_emoji_json_url":"https://www.gstatic.com/youtube/img/emojis/emojis-png-15.1.json","mweb_deep_link_feature_tag_suffix":"11268432","mweb_enable_shorts_innertube_player_prefetch_trigger":"NONE","mweb_fp_dpad":"home,search,browse,channel,create_channel,experiments,settings,trending,oops,404,paid_memberships,sponsorship,premium,shorts","mweb_fp_dpad_linear_navigation":"","mweb_fp_dpad_linear_navigation_visitor":"","mweb_fp_dpad_visitor":"","mweb_preload_video_by_player_vars":"","place_pivot_triggering_container_alternate":"9:trigger:legos","place_pivot_triggering_counterfactual_container_alternate":"","podcast_show_lockup_style_web":"","reels_action_justified_content":"flex-start","reels_metadata_justified_content":"flex-start","search_overview_link_style":"green_track","service_worker_push_force_notification_prompt_tag":"1","service_worker_scope":"/","suggest_exp_str":"ytqshszpd_e1,ytpo.bo.me\u003d1,ytposo.bo.me\u003d1,ytpo.bo.ei\u003d51826751,ytposo.bo.ei\u003d51826751,ytpo.bo.ro.mp\u003d750,ytposo.bo.ro.mp\u003d750,ytpo.bo.ro.mn\u003d750,ytposo.bo.ro.mn\u003d750,ytpo.bo.ro.mps\u003d750,ytposo.bo.ro.mps\u003d750,ytpo.bo.ro.mns\u003d750,ytposo.bo.ro.mns\u003d750,ytpo.bo.zo.ms\u003d0,ytposo.bo.zo.ms\u003d0,ymo.ei\u003d51889002","suggest_experiment_str_web_client_override":"","talk_to_recs_question_response_ui":"DEFAULT","web_client_version_override":"","web_page_transition_type":"","web_shorts_expanded_overlay_type":"DEFAULT","web_shorts_overlay_render_priority":"IDLE","web_thumbnail_to_watch_player_transition_type":"fade-in-and-zoom","web_watch_compact_thumbnail_width_string":"168px","yoodle_base_url":"","guide_business_info_countries":["KR"],"guide_legal_footer_enabled_countries":["NL","ES"],"kevlar_command_handler_command_banlist":[],"kevlar_new_stop_old_player_logic_pages":[],"live_chat_dynamic_chunking_interval_range":[],"live_chat_dynamic_chunking_traffic_range":[],"mini_app_ids_without_game_ready":["UgkxHHtsak1SC8mRGHMZewc4HzeAY3yhPPmJ","Ugkx7OgzFqE6z_5Mtf4YsotGfQNII1DF_RBm"],"web_op_signal_type_banlist":[],"web_tracing_enabled_spans":["event","command"],"web_watch_variable_sidebar_width_buckets":["0:22.5","1550:27.5","1900:32.5"]},"GAPI_HINT_PARAMS":"m;/_/scs/abc-static/_/js/k\u003dgapi.gapi.en.5G9F9JPGjf8.O/d\u003d1/rs\u003dAHpOoo-OYuAVGK84U6cg5lkjGc85qYpeMw/m\u003d__features__","GAPI_HOST":"https://apis.google.com","GAPI_LOCALE":"en_US","GL":"NP","GOOGLE_FEEDBACK_PRODUCT_ID":"59","GOOGLE_FEEDBACK_PRODUCT_DATA":{"polymer":"active","polymer2":"active","accept_language":"en-US,en;q\u003d0.9"},"HL":"en","HTML_DIR":"ltr","HTML_LANG":"en","INNERTUBE_API_KEY":"AIzaSyAO_FJ2SlqU8Q4STEHLGCilw_Y9_11qcW8","INNERTUBE_API_VERSION":"v1","INNERTUBE_CLIENT_NAME":"WEB","INNERTUBE_CLIENT_VERSION":"2.20260424.01.00","INNERTUBE_CONTEXT":{"client":{"hl":"en","gl":"NP","remoteHost":"27.34.72.167","deviceMake":"Apple","deviceModel":"","visitorData":"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%3D%3D","userAgent":"Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; Intel Mac OS X 10_15_7) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/124.0.0.0 Safari/537.36,gzip(gfe)","clientName":"WEB","clientVersion":"2.20260424.01.00","osName":"Macintosh","osVersion":"10_15_7","originalUrl":"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v\u003dziekARBo4yg\u0026bpctr\u003d9999999999\u0026has_verified\u003d1","platform":"DESKTOP","clientFormFactor":"UNKNOWN_FORM_FACTOR","configInfo":{"appInstallData":"CPClvc8GEParsAUQvKTQHBC1pdEcEL22rgUQlP6wBRCMj9EcEPG00BwQndCwBRDXi9EcENzPgBMQibDOHBCfz4ATEODNsQUQ_NuAExCCj88cELD-0BwQtMHQHBCa-tAcEMzfrgUQlLbQHBCs9dAcEN68zhwQofjQHBCbwtAcEJaH0RwQ2vfOHBDN0bEFEPv20BwQ167QHBDLo9EcEIeszhwQ8cTQHBDL0bEFELOQzxwQvoqwBRD0itEcEPyyzhwQt4bPHBC44IATEMPegBMQ8MzPHBCsrNAcENK90BwQyPfPHBDGxs8cEMKJ0RwQmY2xBRCzkdEcEMz50BwQi_fPHBDDkdAcEOLUrgUQrtbPHBDBj9AcEIHNzhwQlIPQHBCJ6K4FEL2ZsAUQuOTOHBCmmrAFEI61gBMQiofRHBDl34ATKnBDQU1TVHhWTS1acS1ETWVVRXBVQ25BNzVGWEpEV040RGw2am1DX0N4RW9kTU1xQ3NCQVBOX3dYTHR3YjdKcEJLbnBFR2hSVEl1QVhqRnNCUjZST2VTNElvanNRQzZ2a0cxQlRMU3ZjMjctQUdIUWM9MAA%3D"},"userInterfaceTheme":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","browserName":"Chrome","browserVersion":"124.0.0.0","acceptHeader":"*/*","deviceExperimentId":"ChxOell6TXpReE1UQTROVFEwTVRVek1EZ3pPUT09EPClvc8GGPClvc8G","rolloutToken":"CKzCycfru-rZcRD-5-mxyouUAxjzyszvzouUAw%3D%3D"},"user":{"lockedSafetyMode":false},"request":{"useSsl":true},"clickTracking":{"clickTrackingParams":"IhMIgdPI2oCOlAMVsUHCBR0vUSfj"}},"INNERTUBE_CONTEXT_CLIENT_NAME":1,"INNERTUBE_CONTEXT_CLIENT_VERSION":"2.20260424.01.00","INNERTUBE_CONTEXT_GL":"NP","INNERTUBE_CONTEXT_HL":"en","LATEST_ECATCHER_SERVICE_TRACKING_PARAMS":{"client.name":"WEB","client.jsfeat":"es5"},"LOGGED_IN":false,"PAGE_BUILD_LABEL":"youtube.desktop.web_20260424_01_RC00","PAGE_CL":904829326,"scheduler":{"useRaf":true,"timeout":20},"SERVER_NAME":"WebFE","SIGNIN_URL":"https://accounts.google.com/ServiceLogin?service\u003dyoutube\u0026uilel\u003d3\u0026passive\u003dtrue\u0026continue\u003dhttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.youtube.com%2Fsignin%3Faction_handle_signin%3Dtrue%26app%3Ddesktop%26hl%3Den%26next%3Dhttps%253A%252F%252Fwww.youtube.com%252Fwatch%253Fv%253DziekARBo4yg%2526bpctr%253D9999999999%2526has_verified%253D1%26feature%3D__FEATURE__\u0026hl\u003den","VISITOR_DATA":"CgtjTm54R3hRZG9EYyjwpb3PBjIKCgJOUBIEGgAgUGLfAgrcAjE4LllUPWlYNU9lV1B5TmU4TTJoc1hnSjRraE1abkZSaGV5VFZhMXlLV2hrUm5YcXZUUTlfRTNzWXVDNlg2VWxVZmxqaFJHNWlkSXBULXVaZmJKc3BKTmtSQjRkWmVMUzhBS0tIbkpOSFhfUC01SHI3S0JJUm1mVHk1Q3pram0wam9wLUtzdEY0OW9jczdDZngwdVlZZGdNNGRRTlZhUUMtUldkZVRMTkprVHJfcW1JSDN4MlNDeGtxcVFWZkszbW1uUnc4dmtDVmFYR0kzMTVSLWp0UjdfdTQ0VE1lVGhkSDNOV0ZMWWFjemlIa3dXVmh4TUdkbXczc2wzb1hZRUNTckNFQWVDMzhORjcxb3ZXSVNnTmp5TW80RHEtNkdEQy16LWNoZXMyaENibXQ2MUZVcUR3SG04SG0ybWcwT3JKSlN2aFgwREgyTC0xRkJDbXQ2WDlvNDQ1U2U1QQ%3D%3D","WEB_PLAYER_CONTEXT_CONFIGS":{"WEB_PLAYER_CONTEXT_CONFIG_ID_KEVLAR_WATCH":{"transparentBackground":true,"showMiniplayerButton":true,"externalFullscreen":true,"showMiniplayerUiWhenMinimized":true,"rootElementId":"movie_player","jsUrl":"/s/player/bcd88ad3/player_es6.vflset/en_US/base.js","cssUrl":"/s/player/bcd88ad3/www-player.css","contextId":"WEB_PLAYER_CONTEXT_CONFIG_ID_KEVLAR_WATCH","eventLabel":"detailpage","contentRegion":"NP","hl":"en_US","hostLanguage":"en","playerStyle":"desktop-polymer","innertubeApiKey":"AIzaSyAO_FJ2SlqU8Q4STEHLGCilw_Y9_11qcW8","innertubeApiVersion":"v1","innertubeContextClientVersion":"2.20260424.01.00","device":{"brand":"apple","model":"","browser":"Chrome","browserVersion":"124.0.0.0","os":"Macintosh","osVersion":"10_15_7","platform":"DESKTOP","interfaceName":"WEB","interfaceVersion":"2.20260424.01.00"},"serializedExperimentIds":"24004644,24499534,39325854,51010235,51063643,51072748,51095478,51098299,51204329,51222973,51300176,51300241,51314158,51340662,51349914,51353393,51366423,51389629,51459470,51467676,51470301,51472205,51490331,51505436,51530495,51534669,51547388,51565116,51578633,51583821,51605258,51609829,51619706,51620867,51622845,51635955,51638932,51646450,51648336,51672162,51681662,51683502,51684560,51698285,51705976,51708061,51713176,51715023,51717747,51719112,51720353,51729218,51740148,51742377,51763897,51774882,51784587,51798928,51801292,51802233,51803128,51803199,51803587,51804539,51807293,51811903,51819635,51820067,51829421,51839674,51839732,51841270,51844842,51847710,51849664,51851862,51855288,51856590,51866874,51866997,51869208,51876388,51881461,51885343,51887880,51889002,51890561,51892086,51893373,51899026,51908397","serializedExperimentFlags":"H5_async_logging_delay_ms\u003d30000.0\u0026a11y_h5_associate_survey_question\u003dtrue\u0026ab_det_apb_b\u003dtrue\u0026ab_det_apm\u003dtrue\u0026ab_det_el_h\u003dtrue\u0026action_companion_center_align_description\u003dtrue\u0026ad_pod_disable_companion_persist_ads_quality\u003dtrue\u0026add_stmp_logs_for_voice_boost\u003dtrue\u0026allow_autohide_on_paused_videos\u003dtrue\u0026allow_drm_override\u003dtrue\u0026allow_live_autoplay\u003dtrue\u0026allow_poltergust_autoplay\u003dtrue\u0026allow_skip_networkless\u003dtrue\u0026allow_vb_audio_formats\u003dtrue\u0026allow_vb_audio_formats_with_mta\u003dtrue\u0026allow_vp9_1080p_mq_enc\u003dtrue\u0026always_cache_redirect_endpoint\u003dtrue\u0026annotation_module_vast_cards_load_logging_fraction\u003d0.0\u0026assign_drm_family_by_format\u003dtrue\u0026att_web_record_metrics\u003dtrue\u0026attach_experiment_propagation_context_to_config\u003dtrue\u0026attention_logging_scroll_throttle\u003d500.0\u0026attmusi\u003dtrue\u0026autoplay_time\u003d8000\u0026autoplay_time_for_fullscreen\u003d3000\u0026autoplay_time_for_music_content\u003d3000\u0026bg_st_hr\u003dtrue\u0026bg_vm_reinit_threshold\u003d7200000\u0026block_tvhtml5_simply_embedded\u003dtrue\u0026blocked_packages_for_sps\u003d[]\u0026botguard_async_snapshot_timeout_ms\u003d3000\u0026captions_url_add_ei\u003dtrue\u0026check_navigator_accuracy_timeout_ms\u003d0\u0026client_respect_autoplay_switch_button_renderer\u003dtrue\u0026client_ui_enable_multi_track_audio_on_web_embedded_player\u003dtrue\u0026compress_gel\u003dtrue\u0026compression_disable_point\u003d10\u0026cow_optimize_idom_compat\u003dtrue\u0026csi_on_gel\u003dtrue\u0026custom_active_view_tos_timeout_ms\u003d3600000\u0026dash_manifest_version\u003d5\u0026debug_bandaid_hostname\u003d\u0026debug_bandaid_port\u003d0\u0026debug_sherlog_username\u003d\u0026delhi_fast_follow_autonav_toggle\u003dtrue\u0026delhi_modern_player_default_thumbnail_percentage\u003d0.0\u0026delhi_modern_player_faster_autohide_delay_ms\u003d2000\u0026delhi_modern_player_pause_thumbnail_percentage\u003d0.6\u0026delhi_modern_web_player\u003dtrue\u0026delhi_modern_web_player_blending_mode\u003d\u0026delhi_modern_web_player_disable_frosted_glass\u003dtrue\u0026delhi_modern_web_player_horizontal_volume_controls\u003dtrue\u0026delhi_modern_web_player_icons\u003dtrue\u0026delhi_modern_web_player_lhs_volume_controls\u003dtrue\u0026delhi_modern_web_player_responsive_compact_controls_threshold\u003d4000\u0026delhi_web_player_use_external_playlist_panel\u003dtrue\u0026deprecate_22\u003dtrue\u0026deprecate_delay_ping\u003dtrue\u0026deprecate_pair_servlet_enabled\u003dtrue\u0026desktop_sparkles_light_cta_button\u003dtrue\u0026disable_av1_setting\u003dtrue\u0026disable_channel_id_check_for_suspended_channels\u003dtrue\u0026disable_child_node_auto_formatted_strings\u003dtrue\u0026disable_features_for_supex\u003dtrue\u0026disable_legacy_desktop_remote_queue\u003dtrue\u0026disable_lifa_for_supex_users\u003dtrue\u0026disable_log_to_visitor_layer\u003dtrue\u0026disable_mdx_connection_in_mdx_module_for_music_web\u003dtrue\u0026disable_pacf_logging_for_memory_limited_tv\u003dtrue\u0026disable_reel_item_watch_format_filtering\u003dtrue\u0026disable_ssdai_on_errors\u003dtrue\u0026disable_threegpp_progressive_formats\u003dtrue\u0026disable_touch_events_on_skip_button\u003dtrue\u0026duration_before_pause_ad_break_ms_for_system_pause\u003d0\u0026edge_encryption_fill_primary_key_version\u003dtrue\u0026embeds_desktoff_enable_ads_top_bar\u003dtrue\u0026embeds_desktop_enable_volume_slider\u003dtrue\u0026embeds_enable_embed_config_for_muted_autoplay\u003dtrue\u0026embeds_enable_innertube_store\u003dtrue\u0026embeds_enable_move_set_center_crop_to_public\u003dtrue\u0026embeds_enable_per_video_embed_config\u003dtrue\u0026embeds_web_lite_mode\u003d1\u0026enable_a11y_focus_fix_for_mac_panel_on_desktop\u003dtrue\u0026enable_access_code_service_rpc\u003dtrue\u0026enable_aci_on_lr_feeds\u003dtrue\u0026enable_active_view_display_ad_renderer_web_home\u003dtrue\u0026enable_active_view_lr_shorts_video\u003dtrue\u0026enable_active_view_web_shorts_video\u003dtrue\u0026enable_ad_cpn_macro_substitution_for_click_pings\u003dtrue\u0026enable_ad_disclosure_banner_a11y_fix\u003dtrue\u0026enable_antiscraping_web_player_expired\u003dtrue\u0026enable_app_promo_endcap_eml_on_tablet\u003dtrue\u0026enable_automotive_form_factor_check\u003dtrue\u0026enable_av1_for_svod\u003dtrue\u0026enable_batched_cross_device_pings_in_gel_fanout\u003dtrue\u0026enable_capability_format_filter_in_watch_server\u003dtrue\u0026enable_cast_for_web_unplugged\u003dtrue\u0026enable_cast_on_music_web\u003dtrue\u0026enable_centered_caption_for_tvfilm_video\u003dtrue\u0026enable_cipher_for_manifest_urls\u003dtrue\u0026enable_cleanup_masthead_autoplay_hack_fix\u003dtrue\u0026enable_client_page_id_header_for_first_party_pings\u003dtrue\u0026enable_client_sli_logging\u003dtrue\u0026enable_client_ve_spec\u003dtrue\u0026enable_cta_banner_on_unplugged_lr\u003dtrue\u0026enable_custom_playhead_parsing\u003dtrue\u0026enable_dai_sdf_h5_preroll\u003dtrue\u0026enable_datasync_id_header_in_web_vss_pings\u003dtrue\u0026enable_default_mono_cta_migration_web_client\u003dtrue\u0026enable_dsa_ad_badge_for_action_endcap_on_android\u003dtrue\u0026enable_dsa_ad_badge_for_action_endcap_on_ios\u003dtrue\u0026enable_entity_store_from_dependency_injection\u003dtrue\u0026enable_error_corrections_infocard\u003dtrue\u0026enable_error_corrections_infocard_web_client\u003dtrue\u0026enable_error_corrections_infocard_web_client_check\u003dtrue\u0026enable_error_corrections_infocards_icon_web\u003dtrue\u0026enable_gel_log_commands\u003dtrue\u0026enable_get_reminder_button_on_web\u003dtrue\u0026enable_handles_account_menu_switcher\u003dtrue\u0026enable_inline_muted_playback_on_web_search\u003dtrue\u0026enable_inline_muted_playback_on_web_search_for_vdc\u003dtrue\u0026enable_inline_muted_playback_on_web_search_for_vdcb\u003dtrue\u0026enable_kabuki_comments_on_shorts\u003ddisabled\u0026enable_key_press_seek_logging\u003dtrue\u0026enable_ltc_param_fetch_from_innertube\u003dtrue\u0026enable_mixed_direction_formatted_strings\u003dtrue\u0026enable_modern_skip_button_on_web\u003dtrue\u0026enable_mweb_keyboard_shortcuts\u003dtrue\u0026enable_new_paid_product_placement\u003dtrue\u0026enable_open_in_new_tab_icon_for_short_dr_for_desktop_search\u003dtrue\u0026enable_out_of_stock_text_all_surfaces\u003dtrue\u0026enable_paid_content_overlay_bugfix\u003dtrue\u0026enable_pause_ads_on_ytv_html5\u003dtrue\u0026enable_po_decoration_of_forced_tracks\u003dtrue\u0026enable_policy_based_hqa_filter_in_watch_server\u003dtrue\u0026enable_progres_commands_lr_feeds\u003dtrue\u0026enable_progress_commands_el_dai\u003dtrue\u0026enable_progress_commands_lr_shorts\u003dtrue\u0026enable_publishing_region_param_in_sus\u003dtrue\u0026enable_pv_screen_modern_text\u003dtrue\u0026enable_redirect_linking_for_desktop_web_client\u003dtrue\u0026enable_rpr_token_on_ltl_lookup\u003dtrue\u0026enable_sabr_snackbar_message\u003dtrue\u0026enable_screen_manager_layer_separation\u003dtrue\u0026enable_sdf_companion_h5\u003dtrue\u0026enable_sdf_dai_h5_midroll\u003dtrue\u0026enable_sdf_h5_endemic_mid_post_roll\u003dtrue\u0026enable_sdf_on_h5_unplugged_vod_midroll\u003dtrue\u0026enable_sdf_shorts_player_bytes_h5\u003dtrue\u0026enable_server_driven_abr\u003dtrue\u0026enable_server_driven_abr_for_backgroundable\u003dtrue\u0026enable_server_driven_abr_url_generation\u003dtrue\u0026enable_server_driven_readahead\u003dtrue\u0026enable_server_stitched_dai\u003dtrue\u0026enable_shorts_player\u003dtrue\u0026enable_skip_ad_guidance_prompt\u003dtrue\u0026enable_skip_to_next_messaging\u003dtrue\u0026enable_skippable_ads_for_unplugged_ad_pod\u003dtrue\u0026enable_smart_skip_player_controls_shown_on_web\u003dtrue\u0026enable_smart_skip_player_controls_shown_on_web_increased_triggering_sensitivity\u003dtrue\u0026enable_smart_skip_speedmaster_on_web\u003dtrue\u0026enable_smearing_expansion_dai\u003dtrue\u0026enable_split_screen_ad_baseline_experience_endemic_live_h5\u003dtrue\u0026enable_split_screen_ad_on_endemic_live_h5\u003dtrue\u0026enable_tectonic_ad_ux_for_halftime\u003dtrue\u0026enable_to_call_playready_backend_directly\u003dtrue\u0026enable_topsoil_wta_for_halftime_live_infra\u003dtrue\u0026enable_unified_action_endcap_on_web\u003dtrue\u0026enable_video_display_compact_button_group_for_desktop_search\u003dtrue\u0026enable_voice_boost_feature\u003dtrue\u0026enable_vp9_appletv5_on_server\u003dtrue\u0026enable_watch_server_rejected_formats_logging\u003dtrue\u0026enable_web_delhi_icons\u003dtrue\u0026enable_web_home_top_landscape_image_layout_level_click\u003dtrue\u0026enable_web_media_session_metadata_fix\u003dtrue\u0026enable_web_premium_varispeed\u003dtrue\u0026enable_web_premium_varispeed_upsell\u003dtrue\u0026enable_web_shorts_audio_track\u003dtrue\u0026enable_web_tiered_gel\u003dtrue\u0026enable_wiz_queue_effect_and_on_init_initial_runs\u003dtrue\u0026enable_wn_infocards\u003dtrue\u0026enable_yt_ata_iframe_authuser\u003dtrue\u0026enable_ytv_csdai_vp9\u003dtrue\u0026expand_mediatek_denylist_to_all_live_vp9_in_backend_experiment\u003d[]\u0026export_networkless_options\u003dtrue\u0026export_player_version_to_ytconfig\u003dtrue\u0026fetch_att_independently\u003dtrue\u0026fill_live_request_config_in_ustreamer_config\u003dtrue\u0026fill_single_video_with_notify_to_lasr\u003dtrue\u0026filter_vb_without_non_vb_equivalents\u003dtrue\u0026fix_ad_miniplayer_controls_rendering\u003dtrue\u0026fix_ads_tracking_for_swf_config_deprecation_mweb\u003dtrue\u0026fix_h5_toggle_button_a11y\u003dtrue\u0026fix_survey_color_contrast_on_destop\u003dtrue\u0026fresca_polling_delay_override\u003d0\u0026gab_return_sabr_ssdai_config\u003dtrue\u0026gel_min_batch_size\u003d3\u0026gel_queue_timeout_max_ms\u003d300000\u0026gvi_channel_client_screen\u003dtrue\u0026h5_companion_enable_adcpn_macro_substitution_for_click_pings\u003dtrue\u0026h5_enable_ad_mbs\u003dtrue\u0026h5_inplayer_enable_adcpn_macro_substitution_for_click_pings\u003dtrue\u0026h5_reset_cache_and_filter_before_update_masthead\u003dtrue\u0026hfr_dropped_framerate_fallback_threshold\u003d0\u0026high_ccv_client_side_caching_h5\u003dtrue\u0026hls_use_new_codecs_string_api\u003dtrue\u0026html5_account_for_underrun_advance_in_sabr\u003dtrue\u0026html5_ad_timeout_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_adaptation_step_count\u003d0\u0026html5_ads_preroll_lock_timeout_delay_ms\u003d15000\u0026html5_allow_multiview_tile_preload\u003dtrue\u0026html5_allow_preloading_with_idle_only_network_for_sabr\u003dtrue\u0026html5_allow_video_keyframe_without_audio\u003dtrue\u0026html5_apply_constraints_in_client_for_sabr\u003dtrue\u0026html5_apply_min_failures\u003dtrue\u0026html5_apply_start_time_within_ads_for_ssdai_transitions\u003dtrue\u0026html5_atr_disable_force_fallback\u003dtrue\u0026html5_att_playback_timeout_ms\u003d30000\u0026html5_attach_num_random_bytes_to_bandaid\u003d0\u0026html5_attach_po_token_to_bandaid\u003dtrue\u0026html5_autonav_cap_idle_secs\u003d0\u0026html5_autonav_quality_cap\u003d720\u0026html5_autoplay_default_quality_cap\u003d0\u0026html5_auxiliary_estimate_weight\u003d0.0\u0026html5_av1_ordinal_cap\u003d0\u0026html5_bandaid_attach_content_po_token\u003dtrue\u0026html5_block_pip_safari_delay\u003d0\u0026html5_bypass_contention_secs\u003d0.0\u0026html5_byterate_soft_cap\u003d0\u0026html5_check_for_idle_network_interval_ms\u003d1000\u0026html5_chipset_soft_cap\u003d8192\u0026html5_consume_all_buffered_bytes_one_poll\u003dtrue\u0026html5_continuous_goodput_probe_interval_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_cuepoint_list_clear_on_seek\u003dtrue\u0026html5_d6de4_cloud_project_number\u003d868618676952\u0026html5_d6de4_defer_timeout_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_debug_data_log_probability\u003d0.0\u0026html5_decode_to_texture_cap\u003dtrue\u0026html5_default_ad_gain\u003d0.5\u0026html5_default_av1_threshold\u003d0\u0026html5_default_quality_cap\u003d0\u0026html5_defer_fetch_att_ms\u003d1000\u0026html5_delayed_retry_count\u003d1\u0026html5_delayed_retry_delay_ms\u003d5000\u0026html5_deprecate_adservice\u003dtrue\u0026html5_deprecate_manifestful_fallback\u003dtrue\u0026html5_deprecate_video_tag_pool\u003dtrue\u0026html5_desktop_vr180_allow_panning\u003dtrue\u0026html5_df_downgrade_thresh\u003d0.6\u0026html5_disable_bandwidth_cofactors_for_sabr_live\u003dtrue\u0026html5_disable_client_autonav_cap_for_onesie\u003dtrue\u0026html5_disable_loop_range_for_shorts_ads\u003dtrue\u0026html5_disable_move_pssh_to_moov\u003dtrue\u0026html5_disable_non_contiguous\u003dtrue\u0026html5_disable_peak_shave_for_onesie\u003dtrue\u0026html5_disable_ustreamer_constraint_for_sabr\u003dtrue\u0026html5_disable_web_safari_dai\u003dtrue\u0026html5_dispatch_tracklist_loaded_event\u003dtrue\u0026html5_displayed_frame_rate_downgrade_threshold\u003d45\u0026html5_drm_byterate_soft_cap\u003d0\u0026html5_drm_check_all_key_error_states\u003dtrue\u0026html5_drm_cpi_license_key\u003dtrue\u0026html5_drm_live_byterate_soft_cap\u003d0\u0026html5_early_media_for_sharper_shorts\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_ac3\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_audio_track_stickiness\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_audio_track_stickiness_phase_two\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_bandaid_error_screen\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_caption_changes_for_mosaic\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_composite_embargo\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_d6de4\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_d6de4_cold_start_and_error\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_d6de4_idle_priority_job\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_drc\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_drc_toggle_api\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_eac3\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_embedded_player_visibility_signals\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_encrypted_av1\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_media_serving_enforcement\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_media_serving_enforcement_when_has_preroll_ad\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_oduc\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_po_token_live_caption\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_progress_bar_slide_seek_logging\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_sabr_context_from_ump\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_sabr_drm_vod_streaming_xhr\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_sabr_format_selection\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_sabr_from_watch_server\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_sabr_host_fallback\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_sabr_ssdai_streaming_xhr\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_sabr_vod_streaming_xhr\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_server_driven_request_cancellation\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_sps_rebuffer_logs\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_sps_retry_backoff_metadata_requests\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_ssdai_transition_with_only_enter_cuerange\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_triggering_cuepoint_for_slot\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_tvos_dash\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_tvos_encrypted_vp9\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_voice_boost\u003dtrue\u0026html5_encourage_array_coalescing\u003dtrue\u0026html5_export_sodar_snapshot\u003dtrue\u0026html5_fill_default_mosaic_audio_track_id\u003dtrue\u0026html5_fix_drm_license_constraint_for_tv_and_onesie\u003dtrue\u0026html5_fix_multi_audio_offline_playback\u003dtrue\u0026html5_fixed_media_duration_for_request\u003d0\u0026html5_flush_index_on_updated_timestamp_offset\u003dtrue\u0026html5_force_sabr_from_watch_server_for_dfss\u003dtrue\u0026html5_forward_click_tracking_params_on_reload\u003dtrue\u0026html5_gapless_ad_autoplay_on_video_to_ad_only\u003dtrue\u0026html5_gapless_ended_transition_buffer_ms\u003d200\u0026html5_gapless_handoff_close_end_long_rebuffer_cfl\u003dtrue\u0026html5_gapless_handoff_close_end_long_rebuffer_delay_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_gapless_loop_seek_offset_in_milli\u003d0\u0026html5_gapless_slow_seek_cfl\u003dtrue\u0026html5_gapless_slow_seek_delay_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_gapless_slow_start_delay_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_generate_content_po_token\u003dtrue\u0026html5_generate_session_po_token\u003dtrue\u0026html5_gl_fps_threshold\u003d0\u0026html5_hard_cap_max_vertical_resolution_for_shorts\u003d0\u0026html5_hdcp_probing_stream_url\u003d\u0026html5_head_miss_secs\u003d0.0\u0026html5_hfr_quality_cap\u003d0\u0026html5_high_res_logging_percent\u003d0.01\u0026html5_high_res_seek_logging\u003dtrue\u0026html5_honor_caption_availabilities_in_audio_track\u003dtrue\u0026html5_hopeless_secs\u003d0\u0026html5_huli_ssdai_use_playback_state\u003dtrue\u0026html5_idle_rate_limit_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_ignore_partial_segment_from_live_readahead\u003dtrue\u0026html5_ignore_sabrseek_during_adskip\u003dtrue\u0026html5_innertube_heartbeats_for_fairplay\u003dtrue\u0026html5_innertube_heartbeats_for_playready\u003dtrue\u0026html5_innertube_heartbeats_for_widevine\u003dtrue\u0026html5_jumbo_mobile_subsegment_readahead_target\u003d3.0\u0026html5_jumbo_ull_nonstreaming_mffa_ms\u003d4000\u0026html5_jumbo_ull_subsegment_readahead_target\u003d1.3\u0026html5_kabuki_drm_live_51_default_off\u003dtrue\u0026html5_license_constraint_delay\u003d5000\u0026html5_live_abr_head_miss_fraction\u003d0.0\u0026html5_live_abr_repredict_fraction\u003d0.0\u0026html5_live_chunk_readahead_proxima_override\u003d0\u0026html5_live_head_playable\u003dtrue\u0026html5_live_low_latency_bandwidth_window\u003d0.0\u0026html5_live_normal_latency_bandwidth_window\u003d0.0\u0026html5_live_quality_cap\u003d0\u0026html5_live_ultra_low_latency_bandwidth_window\u003d0.0\u0026html5_liveness_drift_chunk_override\u003d0\u0026html5_liveness_drift_proxima_override\u003d0\u0026html5_log_audio_abr\u003dtrue\u0026html5_log_experiment_id_from_player_response_to_ctmp\u003d\u0026html5_log_first_ssdai_requests_killswitch\u003dtrue\u0026html5_log_rebuffer_events\u003d5\u0026html5_log_trigger_events_with_debug_data\u003dtrue\u0026html5_log_vss_extra_lr_cparams_freq\u003d\u0026html5_long_rebuffer_jiggle_cmt_delay_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_long_rebuffer_threshold_ms\u003d30000\u0026html5_manifestless_unplugged\u003dtrue\u0026html5_manifestless_vp9_otf\u003dtrue\u0026html5_max_buffer_health_for_downgrade_prop\u003d0.0\u0026html5_max_buffer_health_for_downgrade_secs\u003d0.0\u0026html5_max_byterate\u003d0\u0026html5_max_discontinuity_rewrite_count\u003d0\u0026html5_max_drift_per_track_secs\u003d0.0\u0026html5_max_headm_for_streaming_xhr\u003d0\u0026html5_max_live_dvr_window_plus_margin_secs\u003d46800.0\u0026html5_max_quality_sel_upgrade\u003d0\u0026html5_max_redirect_response_length\u003d8192\u0026html5_max_selectable_quality_ordinal\u003d0\u0026html5_max_vertical_resolution\u003d0\u0026html5_maximum_readahead_seconds\u003d0.0\u0026html5_media_fullscreen\u003dtrue\u0026html5_media_time_weight\u003dtrue\u0026html5_media_time_weight_prop\u003d0.0\u0026html5_min_failures_to_delay_retry\u003d3\u0026html5_min_media_duration_for_append_prop\u003d0.0\u0026html5_min_media_duration_for_cabr_slice\u003d0.01\u0026html5_min_playback_advance_for_steady_state_secs\u003d0\u0026html5_min_quality_ordinal\u003d0\u0026html5_min_readbehind_cap_secs\u003d60\u0026html5_min_readbehind_secs\u003d0\u0026html5_min_seconds_between_format_selections\u003d0.0\u0026html5_min_selectable_quality_ordinal\u003d0\u0026html5_min_startup_buffered_media_duration_for_live_secs\u003d0.0\u0026html5_min_startup_buffered_media_duration_secs\u003d1.2\u0026html5_min_startup_duration_live_secs\u003d0.25\u0026html5_min_underrun_buffered_pre_steady_state_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_min_upgrade_health_secs\u003d0.0\u0026html5_minimum_readahead_seconds\u003d0.0\u0026html5_mock_content_binding_for_session_token\u003d\u0026html5_move_disable_airplay\u003dtrue\u0026html5_no_placeholder_rollbacks\u003dtrue\u0026html5_non_onesie_attach_po_token\u003dtrue\u0026html5_offline_download_timeout_retry_limit\u003d4\u0026html5_offline_failure_retry_limit\u003d2\u0026html5_offline_playback_position_sync\u003dtrue\u0026html5_offline_prevent_redownload_downloaded_video\u003dtrue\u0026html5_onesie_audio_only_playback\u003dtrue\u0026html5_onesie_check_timeout\u003dtrue\u0026html5_onesie_defer_content_loader_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_onesie_live_ttl_secs\u003d8\u0026html5_onesie_prewarm_interval_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_onesie_prewarm_max_lact_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_onesie_redirector_timeout_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_onesie_send_streamer_context\u003dtrue\u0026html5_onesie_use_signed_onesie_ustreamer_config\u003dtrue\u0026html5_override_micro_discontinuities_threshold_ms\u003d-1\u0026html5_paced_poll_min_health_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_paced_poll_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_pause_on_nonforeground_platform_errors\u003dtrue\u0026html5_peak_shave\u003dtrue\u0026html5_perf_cap_override_sticky\u003dtrue\u0026html5_performance_cap_floor\u003d360\u0026html5_perserve_av1_perf_cap\u003dtrue\u0026html5_picture_in_picture_logging_onresize_ratio\u003d0.0\u0026html5_platform_max_buffer_health_oversend_duration_secs\u003d0.0\u0026html5_platform_minimum_readahead_seconds\u003d0.0\u0026html5_platform_whitelisted_for_frame_accurate_seeks\u003dtrue\u0026html5_player_att_initial_delay_ms\u003d1000\u0026html5_player_att_retry_delay_ms\u003d1500\u0026html5_player_autonav_logging\u003dtrue\u0026html5_player_dynamic_bottom_gradient\u003dtrue\u0026html5_player_es6\u003dtrue\u0026html5_player_min_build_cl\u003d-1\u0026html5_player_preload_ad_fix\u003dtrue\u0026html5_post_interrupt_readahead\u003d20\u0026html5_prefer_language_over_codec\u003dtrue\u0026html5_prefer_server_bwe3\u003dtrue\u0026html5_preload_before_initial_seek_with_sabr\u003dtrue\u0026html5_preload_wait_time_secs\u003d0.0\u0026html5_prevent_mobile_background_play_on_event_shared\u003dtrue\u0026html5_probe_primary_delay_base_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_process_all_encrypted_events\u003dtrue\u0026html5_qoe_proto_mock_length\u003d0\u0026html5_query_sw_secure_crypto_for_android\u003dtrue\u0026html5_random_playback_cap\u003d0\u0026html5_recognize_predict_start_cue_point\u003dtrue\u0026html5_record_is_offline_on_playback_attempt_start\u003dtrue\u0026html5_record_ump_timing\u003dtrue\u0026html5_reload_by_kabuki_app\u003dtrue\u0026html5_remove_command_triggered_companions\u003dtrue\u0026html5_remove_not_servable_check_killswitch\u003dtrue\u0026html5_remove_ssdai_append_pause\u003dtrue\u0026html5_report_fatal_drm_restricted_error_killswitch\u003dtrue\u0026html5_report_slow_ads_as_error\u003dtrue\u0026html5_repredict_interval_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_request_only_hdr_or_sdr_keys\u003dtrue\u0026html5_request_size_max_kb\u003d0\u0026html5_request_size_min_kb\u003d0\u0026html5_reseek_after_time_jump_cfl\u003dtrue\u0026html5_reseek_after_time_jump_delay_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_resource_bad_status_delay_scaling\u003d1.5\u0026html5_restrict_streaming_xhr_on_sqless_requests\u003dtrue\u0026html5_retry_downloads_for_expiration\u003dtrue\u0026html5_retry_on_drm_key_error\u003dtrue\u0026html5_retry_on_drm_unavailable\u003dtrue\u0026html5_retry_quota_exceeded_via_seek\u003dtrue\u0026html5_return_playback_if_already_preloaded\u003dtrue\u0026html5_sabr_enable_server_xtag_selection\u003dtrue\u0026html5_sabr_fetch_on_idle_network_preloaded_players\u003dtrue\u0026html5_sabr_force_max_network_interruption_duration_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_sabr_ignore_skipad_before_completion\u003dtrue\u0026html5_sabr_live_drm_streaming_xhr\u003dtrue\u0026html5_sabr_live_low_latency_streaming_xhr\u003dtrue\u0026html5_sabr_live_normal_latency_streaming_xhr\u003dtrue\u0026html5_sabr_live_timing\u003dtrue\u0026html5_sabr_live_ultra_low_latency_streaming_xhr\u003dtrue\u0026html5_sabr_log_server_xtag_selection_onesie_mismatch\u003dtrue\u0026html5_sabr_min_media_bytes_factor_to_append_for_stream\u003d0.0\u0026html5_sabr_non_streaming_xhr_soft_cap\u003d0\u0026html5_sabr_non_streaming_xhr_vod_request_cancellation_timeout_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_sabr_remove_all_quality_constraints_for_drm_traffic\u003dtrue\u0026html5_sabr_report_partial_segment_estimated_duration\u003dtrue\u0026html5_sabr_report_request_cancellation_info\u003dtrue\u0026html5_sabr_request_limit_per_period\u003d20\u0026html5_sabr_seek_no_shift_tolerance\u003dtrue\u0026html5_sabr_skip_client_audio_init_selection\u003dtrue\u0026html5_sabr_unused_bloat_size_bytes\u003d0\u0026html5_samsung_kant_limit_max_bitrate\u003d0\u0026html5_seek_jiggle_cmt_delay_ms\u003d8000\u0026html5_seek_new_elem_delay_ms\u003d12000\u0026html5_seek_new_elem_shorts_delay_ms\u003d2000\u0026html5_seek_new_media_element_shorts_reuse_cfl\u003dtrue\u0026html5_seek_new_media_element_shorts_reuse_delay_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_seek_new_media_source_shorts_reuse_cfl\u003dtrue\u0026html5_seek_new_media_source_shorts_reuse_delay_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_seek_set_cmt_delay_ms\u003d2000\u0026html5_seek_timeout_delay_ms\u003d20000\u0026html5_send_cuepoint_id_in_ad_break_request\u003dtrue\u0026html5_send_serialized_one_time_qoe_context_data\u003dtrue\u0026html5_serve_start_seconds_seek_for_post_live_sabr\u003dtrue\u0026html5_server_stitched_dai_decorated_url_retry_limit\u003d5\u0026html5_server_stitched_dai_group\u003dtrue\u0026html5_session_po_token_interval_time_ms\u003d900000\u0026html5_set_video_id_as_expected_content_binding\u003dtrue\u0026html5_shorts_gapless_ad_slow_start_cfl\u003dtrue\u0026html5_shorts_gapless_ad_slow_start_delay_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_shorts_gapless_next_buffer_in_seconds\u003d0\u0026html5_shorts_gapless_no_gllat\u003dtrue\u0026html5_shorts_gapless_slow_start_delay_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_show_drc_toggle\u003dtrue\u0026html5_simplified_backup_timeout_sabr_live\u003dtrue\u0026html5_skip_empty_po_token\u003dtrue\u0026html5_skip_slow_ad_delay_ms\u003d15000\u0026html5_slow_start_no_media_source_delay_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_slow_start_timeout_delay_ms\u003d20000\u0026html5_ssdai_clear_backoff_on_cuepoint_list_resolved\u003dtrue\u0026html5_ssdai_enable_media_end_cue_range\u003dtrue\u0026html5_ssdai_enable_new_seek_logic\u003dtrue\u0026html5_ssdai_failure_retry_limit\u003d0\u0026html5_ssdai_log_missing_ad_config_reason\u003dtrue\u0026html5_stall_factor\u003d0.0\u0026html5_sticky_duration_mos\u003d0\u0026html5_store_xhr_headers_readable\u003dtrue\u0026html5_streaming_resilience\u003dtrue\u0026html5_streaming_xhr_time_based_consolidation_ms\u003d-1\u0026html5_subsegment_readahead_load_speed_check_interval\u003d0.5\u0026html5_subsegment_readahead_min_buffer_health_secs\u003d0.25\u0026html5_subsegment_readahead_min_buffer_health_secs_on_timeout\u003d0.1\u0026html5_subsegment_readahead_min_load_speed\u003d1.5\u0026html5_subsegment_readahead_seek_latency_fudge\u003d0.5\u0026html5_subsegment_readahead_target_buffer_health_secs\u003d0.5\u0026html5_subsegment_readahead_timeout_secs\u003d2.0\u0026html5_track_overshoot\u003dtrue\u0026html5_transfer_processing_logs_interval\u003d1000\u0026html5_trigger_loader_when_idle_network\u003dtrue\u0026html5_ugc_live_audio_51\u003dtrue\u0026html5_ugc_vod_audio_51\u003dtrue\u0026html5_unreported_seek_reseek_delay_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_update_time_on_seeked\u003dtrue\u0026html5_use_date_now_for_local_storage\u003dtrue\u0026html5_use_init_selected_audio\u003dtrue\u0026html5_use_jsonformatter_to_parse_player_response\u003dtrue\u0026html5_use_non_active_broadcast_for_post_live\u003dtrue\u0026html5_use_post_for_media\u003dtrue\u0026html5_use_shared_owl_instance\u003dtrue\u0026html5_use_ump\u003dtrue\u0026html5_use_ump_request_slicer\u003dtrue\u0026html5_use_ump_timing\u003dtrue\u0026html5_use_video_quality_cap_for_ustreamer_constraint\u003dtrue\u0026html5_use_video_transition_endpoint_heartbeat\u003dtrue\u0026html5_video_tbd_min_kb\u003d0\u0026html5_viewport_undersend_maximum\u003d0.0\u0026html5_volume_slider_tooltip\u003dtrue\u0026html5_web_po_experiment_ids\u003d[]\u0026html5_web_po_request_key\u003d\u0026html5_web_po_token_disable_caching\u003dtrue\u0026html5_webpo_idle_priority_job\u003dtrue\u0026html5_webpo_kaios_defer_timeout_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_woffle_resume\u003dtrue\u0026html5_workaround_delay_trigger\u003dtrue\u0026idb_immediate_commit\u003dtrue\u0026ignore_overlapping_cue_points_on_endemic_live_html5\u003dtrue\u0026il_attach_cache_limit\u003dtrue\u0026il_payload_scraping\u003d\u0026il_use_view_model_logging_context\u003dtrue\u0026initial_gel_batch_timeout\u003d2000\u0026injected_license_handler_error_code\u003d0\u0026injected_license_handler_license_status\u003d0\u0026ios_and_android_fresca_polling_delay_override\u003d0\u0026itdrm_always_generate_media_keys\u003dtrue\u0026itdrm_always_use_widevine_sdk\u003dtrue\u0026itdrm_disable_external_key_rotation_system_ids\u003d[]\u0026itdrm_enable_revocation_reporting\u003dtrue\u0026itdrm_injected_license_service_error_code\u003d0\u0026itdrm_set_sabr_license_constraint\u003dtrue\u0026itdrm_use_fairplay_sdk\u003dtrue\u0026itdrm_use_widevine_sdk_for_premium_content\u003dtrue\u0026itdrm_use_widevine_sdk_only_for_sampled_dod\u003dtrue\u0026itdrm_widevine_hardened_vmp_mode\u003dlog\u0026json_condensed_response\u003dtrue\u0026kevlar_command_handler_command_banlist\u003d[]\u0026kevlar_delhi_modern_web_endscreen_ideal_tile_width_percentage\u003d0.27\u0026kevlar_delhi_modern_web_endscreen_max_rows\u003d2\u0026kevlar_delhi_modern_web_endscreen_max_width\u003d500\u0026kevlar_delhi_modern_web_endscreen_min_width\u003d200\u0026kevlar_gel_error_routing\u003dtrue\u0026kevlar_miniplayer_expand_top\u003dtrue\u0026kevlar_miniplayer_play_pause_on_scrim\u003dtrue\u0026kevlar_playback_associated_queue\u003dtrue\u0026kevlar_use_wil_icons\u003dtrue\u0026kevlar_vimio_use_shared_monitor\u003dtrue\u0026kevlar_woffle\u003dtrue\u0026launch_license_service_all_ott_videos_automatic_fail_open\u003dtrue\u0026limit_ytcsi_debug_array_size\u003dtrue\u0026live_chat_enable_rta_manager\u003dtrue\u0026live_chunk_readahead\u003d3\u0026log_click_with_layer_from_element_in_command_handler\u003dtrue\u0026log_gel_compression_latency\u003dtrue\u0026log_heartbeat_with_lifecycles\u003dtrue\u0026log_ssdai_decoration_failure_if_missing_ad_break_status\u003dtrue\u0026log_window_onerror_fraction\u003d0.1\u0026manifestless_post_live\u003dtrue\u0026manifestless_post_live_ufph\u003dtrue\u0026max_body_size_to_compress\u003d500000\u0026max_cdfe_quality_ordinal\u003d0\u0026max_prefetch_window_sec_for_livestream_optimization\u003d10\u0026max_resolution_for_white_noise\u003d360\u0026mdx_enable_privacy_disclosure_ui\u003dtrue\u0026mdx_load_cast_api_bootstrap_script\u003dtrue\u0026migrate_remaining_web_ad_badges_to_innertube\u003dtrue\u0026min_prefetch_offset_sec_for_livestream_optimization\u003d20\u0026mta_drc_mutual_exclusion_removal\u003dtrue\u0026music_enable_shared_audio_tier_logic\u003dtrue\u0026mweb_account_linking_noapp\u003dtrue\u0026mweb_enable_click_to_play_pause\u003dtrue\u0026mweb_enable_fine_scrubbing_for_recs\u003dtrue\u0026mweb_enable_more_chunks\u003dtrue\u0026mweb_native_control_in_faux_fullscreen_shared\u003dtrue\u0026mweb_player_control_on_hover\u003dtrue\u0026mweb_progress_bar_seek_on_mouse_click\u003dtrue\u0026mweb_shorts_comments_panel_id_change\u003dtrue\u0026network_polling_interval\u003d30000\u0026networkless_logging\u003dtrue\u0026new_codecs_string_api_uses_legacy_style\u003dtrue\u0026no_drm_on_demand_with_cc_license\u003dtrue\u0026no_filler_video_for_ssa_playbacks\u003dtrue\u0026offline_error_handling\u003dtrue\u0026onesie_add_gfe_frontline_to_player_request\u003dtrue\u0026onesie_enable_override_headm\u003dtrue\u0026override_drm_required_playback_policy_channels\u003d[]\u0026pageid_as_header_web\u003dtrue\u0026par_at_ep\u003dtrue\u0026pdg_enable_creator_goals_animations\u003dtrue\u0026player_ads_set_adformat_on_client\u003dtrue\u0026player_bootstrap_method\u003dtrue\u0026player_controls_volume_controls_use_player_props\u003dtrue\u0026player_destroy_old_version\u003dtrue\u0026player_doubletap_to_seek\u003dtrue\u0026player_enable_playback_playlist_change\u003dtrue\u0026player_new_info_card_format\u003dtrue\u0026player_underlay_min_player_width\u003d768.0\u0026player_underlay_video_width_fraction\u003d0.6\u0026player_web_canary\u003dtrue\u0026player_web_canary_stage\u003d3\u0026player_web_is_canary\u003dtrue\u0026playready_first_play_expiration\u003d-1\u0026podcasts_videostats_default_flush_interval_seconds\u003d0\u0026polymer_bad_build_labels\u003dtrue\u0026polymer_verifiy_app_state\u003dtrue\u0026populate_format_set_info_in_cdfe_formats\u003dtrue\u0026populate_head_minus_in_watch_server\u003dtrue\u0026preskip_button_style_ads_backend\u003dcountdown_next_to_thumbnail\u0026proxima_auto_threshold_max_network_interruption_duration_ms\u003d0\u0026proxima_auto_threshold_min_bandwidth_estimate_bytes_per_sec\u003d0\u0026qoe_nwl_downloads\u003dtrue\u0026qoe_send_and_write\u003dtrue\u0026quality_cap_for_inline_non_app_ads\u003d0\u0026quality_cap_for_inline_playback\u003d0\u0026quality_cap_for_inline_playback_ads\u003d0\u0026read_ahead_model_name\u003d\u0026record_app_crashed_web\u003dtrue\u0026refactor_mta_default_track_selection\u003dtrue\u0026reject_hidden_live_formats\u003dtrue\u0026reject_live_vp9_mq_clear_with_no_abr_ladder\u003dtrue\u0026remove_chevron_from_ad_disclosure_banner_h5\u003dtrue\u0026remove_masthead_channel_banner_on_refresh\u003dtrue\u0026remove_slot_id_exited_trigger_for_dai_in_player_slot_expire\u003dtrue\u0026replace_playability_retriever_in_watch\u003dtrue\u0026return_drm_product_unknown_for_clear_playbacks\u003dtrue\u0026sabr_enable_host_fallback\u003dtrue\u0026self_podding_header_string_template\u003dself_podding_interstitial_message\u0026self_podding_midroll_choice_string_template\u003dself_podding_midroll_choice\u0026send_config_hash_timer\u003d0\u0026serve_adaptive_fmts_for_live_streams\u003dtrue\u0026set_interstitial_advertisers_question_text\u003dtrue\u0026set_mock_id_as_expected_content_binding\u003d\u0026shell_load_gcf\u003dtrue\u0026shorts_mode_to_player_api\u003dtrue\u0026should_attribute_to_watch_with_source\u003d[]\u0026should_clear_video_data_on_player_cued_unstarted\u003dtrue\u0026simply_embedded_enable_botguard\u003dtrue\u0026skip_ls_gel_retry\u003dtrue\u0026slow_compressions_before_abandon_count\u003d4\u0026small_avatars_for_comments\u003dtrue\u0026smart_skip_web_player_bar_min_hover_length_milliseconds\u003d1000\u0026smarter_ve_dedupping\u003dtrue\u0026speedmaster_cancellation_movement_dp\u003d10\u0026speedmaster_playback_rate\u003d2.0\u0026speedmaster_touch_activation_ms\u003d500\u0026sps_enable_antiscraping_rules\u003dtrue\u0026start_async_playability_lazy_dependencies\u003dtrue\u0026start_client_gcf\u003dtrue\u0026stop_handling_click_for_non_rendering_overlay_layout\u003dtrue\u0026streaming_data_emergency_itag_blacklist\u003d[]\u0026substitute_ad_cpn_macro_in_ssdai\u003dtrue\u0026suppress_error_204_logging\u003dtrue\u0026transport_use_scheduler\u003dtrue\u0026trim_adaptive_formats_signature_cipher_for_sabr_content\u003dtrue\u0026trim_adaptive_formats_url_for_media_barrier\u003dtrue\u0026tvhtml5_unplugged_preload_cache_size\u003d5\u0026use_cue_range_marker_position\u003dtrue\u0026use_event_time_ms_header\u003dtrue\u0026use_fifo_for_networkless\u003dtrue\u0026use_generated_media_keys_in_fairplay_requests\u003dtrue\u0026use_inlined_player_rpc\u003dtrue\u0026use_new_codecs_string_api\u003dtrue\u0026use_request_time_ms_header\u003dtrue\u0026use_rta_for_player\u003dtrue\u0026use_rta_for_player_hb\u003dtrue\u0026use_rta_only_for_player\u003dtrue\u0026use_session_based_sampling\u003dtrue\u0026use_simplified_remove_webm_rules\u003dtrue\u0026use_thumbnail_overlay_time_status_renderer_for_live_badge\u003dtrue\u0026use_video_playback_premium_signal\u003dtrue\u0026variable_buffer_timeout_ms\u003d0\u0026vp9_drm_live\u003dtrue\u0026vss_final_ping_send_and_write\u003dtrue\u0026vss_pings_using_networkless\u003dtrue\u0026vss_playback_use_send_and_write\u003dtrue\u0026web_add_footer_template_to_audio_track\u003dtrue\u0026web_api_url\u003dtrue\u0026web_attention_logging_scroll_throttle\u003d500.0\u0026web_big_boards\u003dtrue\u0026web_big_boards_enable_in_inline\u003dtrue\u0026web_big_boards_enable_in_miniplayer\u003dtrue\u0026web_button_view_model_non_nullish_data\u003dtrue\u0026web_button_vm_refactor_disabled\u003dtrue\u0026web_cinematic_watch_settings\u003dtrue\u0026web_client_version_override\u003d\u0026web_collect_offline_state\u003dtrue\u0026web_csi_action_sampling_enabled\u003dtrue\u0026web_csi_debug_sample_enabled\u003dtrue\u0026web_dedupe_ve_grafting\u003dtrue\u0026web_disable_chip_view_model_mutation\u003dtrue\u0026web_enable_ab_rsp_cl\u003dtrue\u0026web_enable_course_icon_update\u003dtrue\u0026web_enable_entity_upsert_on_update\u003dtrue\u0026web_enable_error_204\u003dtrue\u0026web_enable_keyboard_shortcut_for_timely_actions\u003dtrue\u0026web_enable_shopping_timely_shelf_client\u003dtrue\u0026web_enable_speedmaster\u003dtrue\u0026web_enable_timely_actions\u003dtrue\u0026web_enable_varispeed_panel\u003dtrue\u0026web_fix_fine_scrubbing_false_play\u003dtrue\u0026web_foreground_heartbeat_interval_ms\u003d28000\u0026web_forward_command_on_pbj\u003dtrue\u0026web_fullscreen_shorts\u003dtrue\u0026web_gcf_hashes_innertube\u003dtrue\u0026web_gel_debounce_ms\u003d60000\u0026web_gel_timeout_cap\u003dtrue\u0026web_heat_map_v2\u003dtrue\u0026web_hide_next_button\u003dtrue\u0026web_hide_watch_info_empty\u003dtrue\u0026web_hide_your_data_on_automotive\u003dtrue\u0026web_infocards_teaser_show_logging_fix\u003dtrue\u0026web_key_moments_markers\u003dtrue\u0026web_l3_storyboard\u003dtrue\u0026web_load_prediction_threshold\u003d0.3\u0026web_log_memory_total_kbytes\u003dtrue\u0026web_logging_max_batch\u003d150\u0026web_max_tracing_events\u003d50\u0026web_modern_buttons\u003dtrue\u0026web_navigation_prediction_threshold\u003d0.1\u0026web_new_autonav_countdown\u003dtrue\u0026web_op_signal_type_banlist\u003d[]\u0026web_playback_associated_log_ctt\u003dtrue\u0026web_playback_associated_ve\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_api_logging_fraction\u003d0.01\u0026web_player_autonav_use_server_provided_state\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_big_mode_screen_width_cutoff\u003d4001\u0026web_player_default_peeking_px\u003d0\u0026web_player_delhi_dtts\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_enable_featured_product_banner_exclusives_on_desktop\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_enable_featured_product_banner_promotion_text_on_desktop\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_enable_fullscreen_grid_components\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_enable_premium_hbr_in_h5_api\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_enable_premium_hbr_playback_cap\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_frosted_glass_blur_radius\u003d16\u0026web_player_frosted_glass_blur_radius_float\u003d16.0\u0026web_player_grid_natural_scroll\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_innertube_playlist_update\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_invisible_fullscreen_button\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_ipp_canary_type_for_logging\u003dexperiment\u0026web_player_log_click_before_generating_ve_conversion_params\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_miniplayer_in_context_menu\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_mouse_idle_wait_time_ms\u003d3000\u0026web_player_move_autonav_toggle\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_music_visualizer_treatment\u003dfake\u0026web_player_nitrate_promo_tooltip\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_offline_playlist_auto_refresh\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_overlay_positioned_layout\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_pip_logging_fix\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_playable_sequences_refactor\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_pt_tt\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_quick_hide_timeout_ms\u003d250\u0026web_player_rtr_ctrls\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_seek_chapters_by_shortcut\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_seek_overlay_additional_arrow_threshold\u003d200\u0026web_player_seek_overlay_duration_bump_scale\u003d0.9\u0026web_player_seek_overlay_linger_duration\u003d1000\u0026web_player_sentinel_is_uniplayer\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_show_music_in_this_video_graphic\u003dvideo_thumbnail\u0026web_player_spacebar_control_bugfix\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_ss_dai_ad_fetching_timeout_ms\u003d15000\u0026web_player_ss_media_time_offset\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_touch_idle_wait_time_ms\u003d4000\u0026web_player_transfer_timeout_threshold_ms\u003d10800000\u0026web_player_updated_entrypoint\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_use_cinematic_label_2\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_use_new_api_for_quality_pullback\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_use_screen_width_for_big_mode\u003dtrue\u0026web_prefetch_preload_video\u003dtrue\u0026web_progress_bar_draggable\u003dtrue\u0026web_remix_allow_up_to_3x_playback_rate\u003dtrue\u0026web_remove_broken_subscribe_endscreen\u003dtrue\u0026web_reset_lact_on_media_actions\u003dtrue\u0026web_session_replay_send_after_timeout\u003d0\u0026web_settings_menu_icons\u003dtrue\u0026web_settings_menu_surface_custom_playback\u003dtrue\u0026web_settings_use_input_slider\u003dtrue\u0026web_shorts_audio_track_picker\u003dtrue\u0026web_sleep_timer\u003dtrue\u0026web_speedmaster_spacebar_control\u003dtrue\u0026web_tracing_enabled_spans\u003d[event, command]\u0026web_tracing_session_replay\u003d0\u0026web_watch_enable_fs_squeezeback_panels\u003dtrue\u0026webpo_exit_on_net_err\u003dtrue\u0026wil_icon_max_concurrent_fetches\u003d9999\u0026wil_icon_render_when_idle\u003dtrue\u0026wiz_diff_overwritable\u003dtrue\u0026wiz_wrapper_callback_props_fix\u003dtrue\u0026woffle_enable_download_status\u003dtrue\u0026woffle_orchestration\u003dtrue\u0026write_reload_player_response_token_to_ustreamer_config_for_vod\u003dtrue\u0026ws_av1_max_height_floor\u003d0\u0026ws_av1_max_width_floor\u003d0\u0026ws_use_centralized_hqa_filter\u003dtrue\u0026wug_networking_gzip_request\u003dtrue\u0026ytcsi_debug_max_size\u003d100\u0026ytidb_remake_db_retries\u003d3\u0026ytidb_reopen_db_retries\u003d3\u0026ytidb_transaction_ended_event_rate_limit\u003d0.02","cspNonce":"1FEbiaPymPRwluOaunvWMg","canaryState":"canary","enableCsiLogging":true,"csiPageType":"watch","datasyncId":"V0afcd696||","allowWoffleManagement":true,"cinematicSettingsAvailable":true,"canaryStage":"MEDIUM","trustedJsUrl":{"privateDoNotAccessOrElseTrustedResourceUrlWrappedValue":"/s/player/bcd88ad3/player_es6.vflset/en_US/base.js"},"trustedCssUrl":{"privateDoNotAccessOrElseTrustedResourceUrlWrappedValue":"/s/player/bcd88ad3/www-player.css"},"hideTopShareButton":true,"hideTopWatchNextButton":true,"serializedClientExperimentFlags":"45713225\u003d0\u002645718175\u003d0.0\u002645718176\u003d0.0\u002645725538\u003d0.0\u002645725539\u003d0.0\u002645725540\u003d0.0\u002645725541\u003d0.0\u002645725542\u003d0.0\u002645725543\u003d0.0\u002645728334\u003d0.0\u002645728572\u003dtrue\u002645729215\u003dtrue\u002645732704\u003dtrue\u002645732791\u003dtrue\u002645735428\u003d4000.0\u002645737488\u003d0.0\u002645737489\u003d0.0\u002645739023\u003d0.0\u002645741339\u003d0.0\u002645741773\u003d0.0\u002645743228\u003d0.0\u002645746966\u003d0.0\u002645746967\u003d0.0\u002645747053\u003d0.0\u002645750947\u003d10240\u002645756201\u003dtrue\u002645756872\u003d0.0\u002645757426\u003d0.0\u002645757427\u003d0.0\u002645757750\u003d0.0\u002645757957\u003d0.0\u002645758467\u003d0.0\u002645760018\u003dtrue\u002645761760\u003d200\u002645762838\u003d0\u002645764217\u003d0.0\u002645764252\u003d0.0\u002645764523\u003d0.0\u002645764524\u003d0.0\u002645764593\u003d0.0\u002645765077\u003dtrue\u002645765568\u003d0.0\u002645765602\u003d0.0\u002645767763\u003d0.0\u002645767943\u003d0.0\u002645768340\u003d0.0\u002645768430\u003d0.0\u002645769119\u003dtrue\u002645769214\u003d0.0\u002645770001\u003d0.0\u002645770002\u003d0.0\u002645770135\u003dtrue\u002645771890\u003d0.0\u002645773603\u003d0.0\u002645773604\u003d0.0\u002645775791\u003d0.0\u002645775792\u003d0.0\u002645778663\u003d0.0\u002645778671\u003d0.0","enableFullscreenComponentsFeature":true},"WEB_PLAYER_CONTEXT_CONFIG_ID_KEVLAR_CHANNEL_TRAILER":{"rootElementId":"c4-player","jsUrl":"/s/player/bcd88ad3/player_es6.vflset/en_US/base.js","cssUrl":"/s/player/bcd88ad3/www-player.css","contextId":"WEB_PLAYER_CONTEXT_CONFIG_ID_KEVLAR_CHANNEL_TRAILER","eventLabel":"profilepage","contentRegion":"NP","hl":"en_US","hostLanguage":"en","playerStyle":"desktop-polymer","innertubeApiKey":"AIzaSyAO_FJ2SlqU8Q4STEHLGCilw_Y9_11qcW8","innertubeApiVersion":"v1","innertubeContextClientVersion":"2.20260424.01.00","device":{"brand":"apple","model":"","browser":"Chrome","browserVersion":"124.0.0.0","os":"Macintosh","osVersion":"10_15_7","platform":"DESKTOP","interfaceName":"WEB","interfaceVersion":"2.20260424.01.00"},"serializedExperimentIds":"24004644,24499534,39325854,51010235,51063643,51072748,51095478,51098299,51204329,51222973,51300176,51300241,51314158,51340662,51349914,51353393,51366423,51389629,51459470,51467676,51470301,51472205,51490331,51505436,51530495,51534669,51547388,51565116,51578633,51583821,51605258,51609829,51619706,51620867,51622845,51635955,51638932,51646450,51648336,51672162,51681662,51683502,51684560,51698285,51705976,51708061,51713176,51715023,51717747,51719112,51720353,51729218,51740148,51742377,51763897,51774882,51784587,51798928,51801292,51802233,51803128,51803199,51803587,51804539,51807293,51811903,51819635,51820067,51829421,51839674,51839732,51841270,51844842,51847710,51849664,51851862,51855288,51856590,51866874,51866997,51869208,51876388,51881461,51885343,51887880,51889002,51890561,51892086,51893373,51899026,51908397","serializedExperimentFlags":"H5_async_logging_delay_ms\u003d30000.0\u0026a11y_h5_associate_survey_question\u003dtrue\u0026ab_det_apb_b\u003dtrue\u0026ab_det_apm\u003dtrue\u0026ab_det_el_h\u003dtrue\u0026action_companion_center_align_description\u003dtrue\u0026ad_pod_disable_companion_persist_ads_quality\u003dtrue\u0026add_stmp_logs_for_voice_boost\u003dtrue\u0026allow_autohide_on_paused_videos\u003dtrue\u0026allow_drm_override\u003dtrue\u0026allow_live_autoplay\u003dtrue\u0026allow_poltergust_autoplay\u003dtrue\u0026allow_skip_networkless\u003dtrue\u0026allow_vb_audio_formats\u003dtrue\u0026allow_vb_audio_formats_with_mta\u003dtrue\u0026allow_vp9_1080p_mq_enc\u003dtrue\u0026always_cache_redirect_endpoint\u003dtrue\u0026annotation_module_vast_cards_load_logging_fraction\u003d0.0\u0026assign_drm_family_by_format\u003dtrue\u0026att_web_record_metrics\u003dtrue\u0026attach_experiment_propagation_context_to_config\u003dtrue\u0026attention_logging_scroll_throttle\u003d500.0\u0026attmusi\u003dtrue\u0026autoplay_time\u003d8000\u0026autoplay_time_for_fullscreen\u003d3000\u0026autoplay_time_for_music_content\u003d3000\u0026bg_st_hr\u003dtrue\u0026bg_vm_reinit_threshold\u003d7200000\u0026block_tvhtml5_simply_embedded\u003dtrue\u0026blocked_packages_for_sps\u003d[]\u0026botguard_async_snapshot_timeout_ms\u003d3000\u0026captions_url_add_ei\u003dtrue\u0026check_navigator_accuracy_timeout_ms\u003d0\u0026client_respect_autoplay_switch_button_renderer\u003dtrue\u0026client_ui_enable_multi_track_audio_on_web_embedded_player\u003dtrue\u0026compress_gel\u003dtrue\u0026compression_disable_point\u003d10\u0026cow_optimize_idom_compat\u003dtrue\u0026csi_on_gel\u003dtrue\u0026custom_active_view_tos_timeout_ms\u003d3600000\u0026dash_manifest_version\u003d5\u0026debug_bandaid_hostname\u003d\u0026debug_bandaid_port\u003d0\u0026debug_sherlog_username\u003d\u0026delhi_fast_follow_autonav_toggle\u003dtrue\u0026delhi_modern_player_default_thumbnail_percentage\u003d0.0\u0026delhi_modern_player_faster_autohide_delay_ms\u003d2000\u0026delhi_modern_player_pause_thumbnail_percentage\u003d0.6\u0026delhi_modern_web_player\u003dtrue\u0026delhi_modern_web_player_blending_mode\u003d\u0026delhi_modern_web_player_disable_frosted_glass\u003dtrue\u0026delhi_modern_web_player_horizontal_volume_controls\u003dtrue\u0026delhi_modern_web_player_icons\u003dtrue\u0026delhi_modern_web_player_lhs_volume_controls\u003dtrue\u0026delhi_modern_web_player_responsive_compact_controls_threshold\u003d4000\u0026delhi_web_player_use_external_playlist_panel\u003dtrue\u0026deprecate_22\u003dtrue\u0026deprecate_delay_ping\u003dtrue\u0026deprecate_pair_servlet_enabled\u003dtrue\u0026desktop_sparkles_light_cta_button\u003dtrue\u0026disable_av1_setting\u003dtrue\u0026disable_channel_id_check_for_suspended_channels\u003dtrue\u0026disable_child_node_auto_formatted_strings\u003dtrue\u0026disable_features_for_supex\u003dtrue\u0026disable_legacy_desktop_remote_queue\u003dtrue\u0026disable_lifa_for_supex_users\u003dtrue\u0026disable_log_to_visitor_layer\u003dtrue\u0026disable_mdx_connection_in_mdx_module_for_music_web\u003dtrue\u0026disable_pacf_logging_for_memory_limited_tv\u003dtrue\u0026disable_reel_item_watch_format_filtering\u003dtrue\u0026disable_ssdai_on_errors\u003dtrue\u0026disable_threegpp_progressive_formats\u003dtrue\u0026disable_touch_events_on_skip_button\u003dtrue\u0026duration_before_pause_ad_break_ms_for_system_pause\u003d0\u0026edge_encryption_fill_primary_key_version\u003dtrue\u0026embeds_desktoff_enable_ads_top_bar\u003dtrue\u0026embeds_desktop_enable_volume_slider\u003dtrue\u0026embeds_enable_embed_config_for_muted_autoplay\u003dtrue\u0026embeds_enable_innertube_store\u003dtrue\u0026embeds_enable_move_set_center_crop_to_public\u003dtrue\u0026embeds_enable_per_video_embed_config\u003dtrue\u0026embeds_web_lite_mode\u003d1\u0026enable_a11y_focus_fix_for_mac_panel_on_desktop\u003dtrue\u0026enable_access_code_service_rpc\u003dtrue\u0026enable_aci_on_lr_feeds\u003dtrue\u0026enable_active_view_display_ad_renderer_web_home\u003dtrue\u0026enable_active_view_lr_shorts_video\u003dtrue\u0026enable_active_view_web_shorts_video\u003dtrue\u0026enable_ad_cpn_macro_substitution_for_click_pings\u003dtrue\u0026enable_ad_disclosure_banner_a11y_fix\u003dtrue\u0026enable_antiscraping_web_player_expired\u003dtrue\u0026enable_app_promo_endcap_eml_on_tablet\u003dtrue\u0026enable_automotive_form_factor_check\u003dtrue\u0026enable_av1_for_svod\u003dtrue\u0026enable_batched_cross_device_pings_in_gel_fanout\u003dtrue\u0026enable_capability_format_filter_in_watch_server\u003dtrue\u0026enable_cast_for_web_unplugged\u003dtrue\u0026enable_cast_on_music_web\u003dtrue\u0026enable_centered_caption_for_tvfilm_video\u003dtrue\u0026enable_cipher_for_manifest_urls\u003dtrue\u0026enable_cleanup_masthead_autoplay_hack_fix\u003dtrue\u0026enable_client_page_id_header_for_first_party_pings\u003dtrue\u0026enable_client_sli_logging\u003dtrue\u0026enable_client_ve_spec\u003dtrue\u0026enable_cta_banner_on_unplugged_lr\u003dtrue\u0026enable_custom_playhead_parsing\u003dtrue\u0026enable_dai_sdf_h5_preroll\u003dtrue\u0026enable_datasync_id_header_in_web_vss_pings\u003dtrue\u0026enable_default_mono_cta_migration_web_client\u003dtrue\u0026enable_dsa_ad_badge_for_action_endcap_on_android\u003dtrue\u0026enable_dsa_ad_badge_for_action_endcap_on_ios\u003dtrue\u0026enable_entity_store_from_dependency_injection\u003dtrue\u0026enable_error_corrections_infocard\u003dtrue\u0026enable_error_corrections_infocard_web_client\u003dtrue\u0026enable_error_corrections_infocard_web_client_check\u003dtrue\u0026enable_error_corrections_infocards_icon_web\u003dtrue\u0026enable_gel_log_commands\u003dtrue\u0026enable_get_reminder_button_on_web\u003dtrue\u0026enable_handles_account_menu_switcher\u003dtrue\u0026enable_inline_muted_playback_on_web_search\u003dtrue\u0026enable_inline_muted_playback_on_web_search_for_vdc\u003dtrue\u0026enable_inline_muted_playback_on_web_search_for_vdcb\u003dtrue\u0026enable_kabuki_comments_on_shorts\u003ddisabled\u0026enable_key_press_seek_logging\u003dtrue\u0026enable_ltc_param_fetch_from_innertube\u003dtrue\u0026enable_mixed_direction_formatted_strings\u003dtrue\u0026enable_modern_skip_button_on_web\u003dtrue\u0026enable_mweb_keyboard_shortcuts\u003dtrue\u0026enable_new_paid_product_placement\u003dtrue\u0026enable_open_in_new_tab_icon_for_short_dr_for_desktop_search\u003dtrue\u0026enable_out_of_stock_text_all_surfaces\u003dtrue\u0026enable_paid_content_overlay_bugfix\u003dtrue\u0026enable_pause_ads_on_ytv_html5\u003dtrue\u0026enable_po_decoration_of_forced_tracks\u003dtrue\u0026enable_policy_based_hqa_filter_in_watch_server\u003dtrue\u0026enable_progres_commands_lr_feeds\u003dtrue\u0026enable_progress_commands_el_dai\u003dtrue\u0026enable_progress_commands_lr_shorts\u003dtrue\u0026enable_publishing_region_param_in_sus\u003dtrue\u0026enable_pv_screen_modern_text\u003dtrue\u0026enable_redirect_linking_for_desktop_web_client\u003dtrue\u0026enable_rpr_token_on_ltl_lookup\u003dtrue\u0026enable_sabr_snackbar_message\u003dtrue\u0026enable_screen_manager_layer_separation\u003dtrue\u0026enable_sdf_companion_h5\u003dtrue\u0026enable_sdf_dai_h5_midroll\u003dtrue\u0026enable_sdf_h5_endemic_mid_post_roll\u003dtrue\u0026enable_sdf_on_h5_unplugged_vod_midroll\u003dtrue\u0026enable_sdf_shorts_player_bytes_h5\u003dtrue\u0026enable_server_driven_abr\u003dtrue\u0026enable_server_driven_abr_for_backgroundable\u003dtrue\u0026enable_server_driven_abr_url_generation\u003dtrue\u0026enable_server_driven_readahead\u003dtrue\u0026enable_server_stitched_dai\u003dtrue\u0026enable_shorts_player\u003dtrue\u0026enable_skip_ad_guidance_prompt\u003dtrue\u0026enable_skip_to_next_messaging\u003dtrue\u0026enable_skippable_ads_for_unplugged_ad_pod\u003dtrue\u0026enable_smart_skip_player_controls_shown_on_web\u003dtrue\u0026enable_smart_skip_player_controls_shown_on_web_increased_triggering_sensitivity\u003dtrue\u0026enable_smart_skip_speedmaster_on_web\u003dtrue\u0026enable_smearing_expansion_dai\u003dtrue\u0026enable_split_screen_ad_baseline_experience_endemic_live_h5\u003dtrue\u0026enable_split_screen_ad_on_endemic_live_h5\u003dtrue\u0026enable_tectonic_ad_ux_for_halftime\u003dtrue\u0026enable_to_call_playready_backend_directly\u003dtrue\u0026enable_topsoil_wta_for_halftime_live_infra\u003dtrue\u0026enable_unified_action_endcap_on_web\u003dtrue\u0026enable_video_display_compact_button_group_for_desktop_search\u003dtrue\u0026enable_voice_boost_feature\u003dtrue\u0026enable_vp9_appletv5_on_server\u003dtrue\u0026enable_watch_server_rejected_formats_logging\u003dtrue\u0026enable_web_delhi_icons\u003dtrue\u0026enable_web_home_top_landscape_image_layout_level_click\u003dtrue\u0026enable_web_media_session_metadata_fix\u003dtrue\u0026enable_web_premium_varispeed\u003dtrue\u0026enable_web_premium_varispeed_upsell\u003dtrue\u0026enable_web_shorts_audio_track\u003dtrue\u0026enable_web_tiered_gel\u003dtrue\u0026enable_wiz_queue_effect_and_on_init_initial_runs\u003dtrue\u0026enable_wn_infocards\u003dtrue\u0026enable_yt_ata_iframe_authuser\u003dtrue\u0026enable_ytv_csdai_vp9\u003dtrue\u0026expand_mediatek_denylist_to_all_live_vp9_in_backend_experiment\u003d[]\u0026export_networkless_options\u003dtrue\u0026export_player_version_to_ytconfig\u003dtrue\u0026fetch_att_independently\u003dtrue\u0026fill_live_request_config_in_ustreamer_config\u003dtrue\u0026fill_single_video_with_notify_to_lasr\u003dtrue\u0026filter_vb_without_non_vb_equivalents\u003dtrue\u0026fix_ad_miniplayer_controls_rendering\u003dtrue\u0026fix_ads_tracking_for_swf_config_deprecation_mweb\u003dtrue\u0026fix_h5_toggle_button_a11y\u003dtrue\u0026fix_survey_color_contrast_on_destop\u003dtrue\u0026fresca_polling_delay_override\u003d0\u0026gab_return_sabr_ssdai_config\u003dtrue\u0026gel_min_batch_size\u003d3\u0026gel_queue_timeout_max_ms\u003d300000\u0026gvi_channel_client_screen\u003dtrue\u0026h5_companion_enable_adcpn_macro_substitution_for_click_pings\u003dtrue\u0026h5_enable_ad_mbs\u003dtrue\u0026h5_inplayer_enable_adcpn_macro_substitution_for_click_pings\u003dtrue\u0026h5_reset_cache_and_filter_before_update_masthead\u003dtrue\u0026hfr_dropped_framerate_fallback_threshold\u003d0\u0026high_ccv_client_side_caching_h5\u003dtrue\u0026hls_use_new_codecs_string_api\u003dtrue\u0026html5_account_for_underrun_advance_in_sabr\u003dtrue\u0026html5_ad_timeout_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_adaptation_step_count\u003d0\u0026html5_ads_preroll_lock_timeout_delay_ms\u003d15000\u0026html5_allow_multiview_tile_preload\u003dtrue\u0026html5_allow_preloading_with_idle_only_network_for_sabr\u003dtrue\u0026html5_allow_video_keyframe_without_audio\u003dtrue\u0026html5_apply_constraints_in_client_for_sabr\u003dtrue\u0026html5_apply_min_failures\u003dtrue\u0026html5_apply_start_time_within_ads_for_ssdai_transitions\u003dtrue\u0026html5_atr_disable_force_fallback\u003dtrue\u0026html5_att_playback_timeout_ms\u003d30000\u0026html5_attach_num_random_bytes_to_bandaid\u003d0\u0026html5_attach_po_token_to_bandaid\u003dtrue\u0026html5_autonav_cap_idle_secs\u003d0\u0026html5_autonav_quality_cap\u003d720\u0026html5_autoplay_default_quality_cap\u003d0\u0026html5_auxiliary_estimate_weight\u003d0.0\u0026html5_av1_ordinal_cap\u003d0\u0026html5_bandaid_attach_content_po_token\u003dtrue\u0026html5_block_pip_safari_delay\u003d0\u0026html5_bypass_contention_secs\u003d0.0\u0026html5_byterate_soft_cap\u003d0\u0026html5_check_for_idle_network_interval_ms\u003d1000\u0026html5_chipset_soft_cap\u003d8192\u0026html5_consume_all_buffered_bytes_one_poll\u003dtrue\u0026html5_continuous_goodput_probe_interval_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_cuepoint_list_clear_on_seek\u003dtrue\u0026html5_d6de4_cloud_project_number\u003d868618676952\u0026html5_d6de4_defer_timeout_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_debug_data_log_probability\u003d0.0\u0026html5_decode_to_texture_cap\u003dtrue\u0026html5_default_ad_gain\u003d0.5\u0026html5_default_av1_threshold\u003d0\u0026html5_default_quality_cap\u003d0\u0026html5_defer_fetch_att_ms\u003d1000\u0026html5_delayed_retry_count\u003d1\u0026html5_delayed_retry_delay_ms\u003d5000\u0026html5_deprecate_adservice\u003dtrue\u0026html5_deprecate_manifestful_fallback\u003dtrue\u0026html5_deprecate_video_tag_pool\u003dtrue\u0026html5_desktop_vr180_allow_panning\u003dtrue\u0026html5_df_downgrade_thresh\u003d0.6\u0026html5_disable_bandwidth_cofactors_for_sabr_live\u003dtrue\u0026html5_disable_client_autonav_cap_for_onesie\u003dtrue\u0026html5_disable_loop_range_for_shorts_ads\u003dtrue\u0026html5_disable_move_pssh_to_moov\u003dtrue\u0026html5_disable_non_contiguous\u003dtrue\u0026html5_disable_peak_shave_for_onesie\u003dtrue\u0026html5_disable_ustreamer_constraint_for_sabr\u003dtrue\u0026html5_disable_web_safari_dai\u003dtrue\u0026html5_dispatch_tracklist_loaded_event\u003dtrue\u0026html5_displayed_frame_rate_downgrade_threshold\u003d45\u0026html5_drm_byterate_soft_cap\u003d0\u0026html5_drm_check_all_key_error_states\u003dtrue\u0026html5_drm_cpi_license_key\u003dtrue\u0026html5_drm_live_byterate_soft_cap\u003d0\u0026html5_early_media_for_sharper_shorts\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_ac3\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_audio_track_stickiness\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_audio_track_stickiness_phase_two\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_bandaid_error_screen\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_caption_changes_for_mosaic\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_composite_embargo\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_d6de4\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_d6de4_cold_start_and_error\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_d6de4_idle_priority_job\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_drc\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_drc_toggle_api\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_eac3\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_embedded_player_visibility_signals\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_encrypted_av1\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_media_serving_enforcement\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_media_serving_enforcement_when_has_preroll_ad\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_oduc\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_po_token_live_caption\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_progress_bar_slide_seek_logging\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_sabr_context_from_ump\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_sabr_drm_vod_streaming_xhr\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_sabr_format_selection\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_sabr_from_watch_server\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_sabr_host_fallback\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_sabr_ssdai_streaming_xhr\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_sabr_vod_streaming_xhr\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_server_driven_request_cancellation\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_sps_rebuffer_logs\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_sps_retry_backoff_metadata_requests\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_ssdai_transition_with_only_enter_cuerange\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_triggering_cuepoint_for_slot\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_tvos_dash\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_tvos_encrypted_vp9\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_voice_boost\u003dtrue\u0026html5_encourage_array_coalescing\u003dtrue\u0026html5_export_sodar_snapshot\u003dtrue\u0026html5_fill_default_mosaic_audio_track_id\u003dtrue\u0026html5_fix_drm_license_constraint_for_tv_and_onesie\u003dtrue\u0026html5_fix_multi_audio_offline_playback\u003dtrue\u0026html5_fixed_media_duration_for_request\u003d0\u0026html5_flush_index_on_updated_timestamp_offset\u003dtrue\u0026html5_force_sabr_from_watch_server_for_dfss\u003dtrue\u0026html5_forward_click_tracking_params_on_reload\u003dtrue\u0026html5_gapless_ad_autoplay_on_video_to_ad_only\u003dtrue\u0026html5_gapless_ended_transition_buffer_ms\u003d200\u0026html5_gapless_handoff_close_end_long_rebuffer_cfl\u003dtrue\u0026html5_gapless_handoff_close_end_long_rebuffer_delay_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_gapless_loop_seek_offset_in_milli\u003d0\u0026html5_gapless_slow_seek_cfl\u003dtrue\u0026html5_gapless_slow_seek_delay_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_gapless_slow_start_delay_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_generate_content_po_token\u003dtrue\u0026html5_generate_session_po_token\u003dtrue\u0026html5_gl_fps_threshold\u003d0\u0026html5_hard_cap_max_vertical_resolution_for_shorts\u003d0\u0026html5_hdcp_probing_stream_url\u003d\u0026html5_head_miss_secs\u003d0.0\u0026html5_hfr_quality_cap\u003d0\u0026html5_high_res_logging_percent\u003d0.01\u0026html5_high_res_seek_logging\u003dtrue\u0026html5_honor_caption_availabilities_in_audio_track\u003dtrue\u0026html5_hopeless_secs\u003d0\u0026html5_huli_ssdai_use_playback_state\u003dtrue\u0026html5_idle_rate_limit_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_ignore_partial_segment_from_live_readahead\u003dtrue\u0026html5_ignore_sabrseek_during_adskip\u003dtrue\u0026html5_innertube_heartbeats_for_fairplay\u003dtrue\u0026html5_innertube_heartbeats_for_playready\u003dtrue\u0026html5_innertube_heartbeats_for_widevine\u003dtrue\u0026html5_jumbo_mobile_subsegment_readahead_target\u003d3.0\u0026html5_jumbo_ull_nonstreaming_mffa_ms\u003d4000\u0026html5_jumbo_ull_subsegment_readahead_target\u003d1.3\u0026html5_kabuki_drm_live_51_default_off\u003dtrue\u0026html5_license_constraint_delay\u003d5000\u0026html5_live_abr_head_miss_fraction\u003d0.0\u0026html5_live_abr_repredict_fraction\u003d0.0\u0026html5_live_chunk_readahead_proxima_override\u003d0\u0026html5_live_head_playable\u003dtrue\u0026html5_live_low_latency_bandwidth_window\u003d0.0\u0026html5_live_normal_latency_bandwidth_window\u003d0.0\u0026html5_live_quality_cap\u003d0\u0026html5_live_ultra_low_latency_bandwidth_window\u003d0.0\u0026html5_liveness_drift_chunk_override\u003d0\u0026html5_liveness_drift_proxima_override\u003d0\u0026html5_log_audio_abr\u003dtrue\u0026html5_log_experiment_id_from_player_response_to_ctmp\u003d\u0026html5_log_first_ssdai_requests_killswitch\u003dtrue\u0026html5_log_rebuffer_events\u003d5\u0026html5_log_trigger_events_with_debug_data\u003dtrue\u0026html5_log_vss_extra_lr_cparams_freq\u003d\u0026html5_long_rebuffer_jiggle_cmt_delay_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_long_rebuffer_threshold_ms\u003d30000\u0026html5_manifestless_unplugged\u003dtrue\u0026html5_manifestless_vp9_otf\u003dtrue\u0026html5_max_buffer_health_for_downgrade_prop\u003d0.0\u0026html5_max_buffer_health_for_downgrade_secs\u003d0.0\u0026html5_max_byterate\u003d0\u0026html5_max_discontinuity_rewrite_count\u003d0\u0026html5_max_drift_per_track_secs\u003d0.0\u0026html5_max_headm_for_streaming_xhr\u003d0\u0026html5_max_live_dvr_window_plus_margin_secs\u003d46800.0\u0026html5_max_quality_sel_upgrade\u003d0\u0026html5_max_redirect_response_length\u003d8192\u0026html5_max_selectable_quality_ordinal\u003d0\u0026html5_max_vertical_resolution\u003d0\u0026html5_maximum_readahead_seconds\u003d0.0\u0026html5_media_fullscreen\u003dtrue\u0026html5_media_time_weight\u003dtrue\u0026html5_media_time_weight_prop\u003d0.0\u0026html5_min_failures_to_delay_retry\u003d3\u0026html5_min_media_duration_for_append_prop\u003d0.0\u0026html5_min_media_duration_for_cabr_slice\u003d0.01\u0026html5_min_playback_advance_for_steady_state_secs\u003d0\u0026html5_min_quality_ordinal\u003d0\u0026html5_min_readbehind_cap_secs\u003d60\u0026html5_min_readbehind_secs\u003d0\u0026html5_min_seconds_between_format_selections\u003d0.0\u0026html5_min_selectable_quality_ordinal\u003d0\u0026html5_min_startup_buffered_media_duration_for_live_secs\u003d0.0\u0026html5_min_startup_buffered_media_duration_secs\u003d1.2\u0026html5_min_startup_duration_live_secs\u003d0.25\u0026html5_min_underrun_buffered_pre_steady_state_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_min_upgrade_health_secs\u003d0.0\u0026html5_minimum_readahead_seconds\u003d0.0\u0026html5_mock_content_binding_for_session_token\u003d\u0026html5_move_disable_airplay\u003dtrue\u0026html5_no_placeholder_rollbacks\u003dtrue\u0026html5_non_onesie_attach_po_token\u003dtrue\u0026html5_offline_download_timeout_retry_limit\u003d4\u0026html5_offline_failure_retry_limit\u003d2\u0026html5_offline_playback_position_sync\u003dtrue\u0026html5_offline_prevent_redownload_downloaded_video\u003dtrue\u0026html5_onesie_audio_only_playback\u003dtrue\u0026html5_onesie_check_timeout\u003dtrue\u0026html5_onesie_defer_content_loader_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_onesie_live_ttl_secs\u003d8\u0026html5_onesie_prewarm_interval_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_onesie_prewarm_max_lact_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_onesie_redirector_timeout_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_onesie_send_streamer_context\u003dtrue\u0026html5_onesie_use_signed_onesie_ustreamer_config\u003dtrue\u0026html5_override_micro_discontinuities_threshold_ms\u003d-1\u0026html5_paced_poll_min_health_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_paced_poll_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_pause_on_nonforeground_platform_errors\u003dtrue\u0026html5_peak_shave\u003dtrue\u0026html5_perf_cap_override_sticky\u003dtrue\u0026html5_performance_cap_floor\u003d360\u0026html5_perserve_av1_perf_cap\u003dtrue\u0026html5_picture_in_picture_logging_onresize_ratio\u003d0.0\u0026html5_platform_max_buffer_health_oversend_duration_secs\u003d0.0\u0026html5_platform_minimum_readahead_seconds\u003d0.0\u0026html5_platform_whitelisted_for_frame_accurate_seeks\u003dtrue\u0026html5_player_att_initial_delay_ms\u003d1000\u0026html5_player_att_retry_delay_ms\u003d1500\u0026html5_player_autonav_logging\u003dtrue\u0026html5_player_dynamic_bottom_gradient\u003dtrue\u0026html5_player_es6\u003dtrue\u0026html5_player_min_build_cl\u003d-1\u0026html5_player_preload_ad_fix\u003dtrue\u0026html5_post_interrupt_readahead\u003d20\u0026html5_prefer_language_over_codec\u003dtrue\u0026html5_prefer_server_bwe3\u003dtrue\u0026html5_preload_before_initial_seek_with_sabr\u003dtrue\u0026html5_preload_wait_time_secs\u003d0.0\u0026html5_prevent_mobile_background_play_on_event_shared\u003dtrue\u0026html5_probe_primary_delay_base_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_process_all_encrypted_events\u003dtrue\u0026html5_qoe_proto_mock_length\u003d0\u0026html5_query_sw_secure_crypto_for_android\u003dtrue\u0026html5_random_playback_cap\u003d0\u0026html5_recognize_predict_start_cue_point\u003dtrue\u0026html5_record_is_offline_on_playback_attempt_start\u003dtrue\u0026html5_record_ump_timing\u003dtrue\u0026html5_reload_by_kabuki_app\u003dtrue\u0026html5_remove_command_triggered_companions\u003dtrue\u0026html5_remove_not_servable_check_killswitch\u003dtrue\u0026html5_remove_ssdai_append_pause\u003dtrue\u0026html5_report_fatal_drm_restricted_error_killswitch\u003dtrue\u0026html5_report_slow_ads_as_error\u003dtrue\u0026html5_repredict_interval_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_request_only_hdr_or_sdr_keys\u003dtrue\u0026html5_request_size_max_kb\u003d0\u0026html5_request_size_min_kb\u003d0\u0026html5_reseek_after_time_jump_cfl\u003dtrue\u0026html5_reseek_after_time_jump_delay_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_resource_bad_status_delay_scaling\u003d1.5\u0026html5_restrict_streaming_xhr_on_sqless_requests\u003dtrue\u0026html5_retry_downloads_for_expiration\u003dtrue\u0026html5_retry_on_drm_key_error\u003dtrue\u0026html5_retry_on_drm_unavailable\u003dtrue\u0026html5_retry_quota_exceeded_via_seek\u003dtrue\u0026html5_return_playback_if_already_preloaded\u003dtrue\u0026html5_sabr_enable_server_xtag_selection\u003dtrue\u0026html5_sabr_fetch_on_idle_network_preloaded_players\u003dtrue\u0026html5_sabr_force_max_network_interruption_duration_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_sabr_ignore_skipad_before_completion\u003dtrue\u0026html5_sabr_live_drm_streaming_xhr\u003dtrue\u0026html5_sabr_live_low_latency_streaming_xhr\u003dtrue\u0026html5_sabr_live_normal_latency_streaming_xhr\u003dtrue\u0026html5_sabr_live_timing\u003dtrue\u0026html5_sabr_live_ultra_low_latency_streaming_xhr\u003dtrue\u0026html5_sabr_log_server_xtag_selection_onesie_mismatch\u003dtrue\u0026html5_sabr_min_media_bytes_factor_to_append_for_stream\u003d0.0\u0026html5_sabr_non_streaming_xhr_soft_cap\u003d0\u0026html5_sabr_non_streaming_xhr_vod_request_cancellation_timeout_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_sabr_remove_all_quality_constraints_for_drm_traffic\u003dtrue\u0026html5_sabr_report_partial_segment_estimated_duration\u003dtrue\u0026html5_sabr_report_request_cancellation_info\u003dtrue\u0026html5_sabr_request_limit_per_period\u003d20\u0026html5_sabr_seek_no_shift_tolerance\u003dtrue\u0026html5_sabr_skip_client_audio_init_selection\u003dtrue\u0026html5_sabr_unused_bloat_size_bytes\u003d0\u0026html5_samsung_kant_limit_max_bitrate\u003d0\u0026html5_seek_jiggle_cmt_delay_ms\u003d8000\u0026html5_seek_new_elem_delay_ms\u003d12000\u0026html5_seek_new_elem_shorts_delay_ms\u003d2000\u0026html5_seek_new_media_element_shorts_reuse_cfl\u003dtrue\u0026html5_seek_new_media_element_shorts_reuse_delay_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_seek_new_media_source_shorts_reuse_cfl\u003dtrue\u0026html5_seek_new_media_source_shorts_reuse_delay_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_seek_set_cmt_delay_ms\u003d2000\u0026html5_seek_timeout_delay_ms\u003d20000\u0026html5_send_cuepoint_id_in_ad_break_request\u003dtrue\u0026html5_send_serialized_one_time_qoe_context_data\u003dtrue\u0026html5_serve_start_seconds_seek_for_post_live_sabr\u003dtrue\u0026html5_server_stitched_dai_decorated_url_retry_limit\u003d5\u0026html5_server_stitched_dai_group\u003dtrue\u0026html5_session_po_token_interval_time_ms\u003d900000\u0026html5_set_video_id_as_expected_content_binding\u003dtrue\u0026html5_shorts_gapless_ad_slow_start_cfl\u003dtrue\u0026html5_shorts_gapless_ad_slow_start_delay_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_shorts_gapless_next_buffer_in_seconds\u003d0\u0026html5_shorts_gapless_no_gllat\u003dtrue\u0026html5_shorts_gapless_slow_start_delay_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_show_drc_toggle\u003dtrue\u0026html5_simplified_backup_timeout_sabr_live\u003dtrue\u0026html5_skip_empty_po_token\u003dtrue\u0026html5_skip_slow_ad_delay_ms\u003d15000\u0026html5_slow_start_no_media_source_delay_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_slow_start_timeout_delay_ms\u003d20000\u0026html5_ssdai_clear_backoff_on_cuepoint_list_resolved\u003dtrue\u0026html5_ssdai_enable_media_end_cue_range\u003dtrue\u0026html5_ssdai_enable_new_seek_logic\u003dtrue\u0026html5_ssdai_failure_retry_limit\u003d0\u0026html5_ssdai_log_missing_ad_config_reason\u003dtrue\u0026html5_stall_factor\u003d0.0\u0026html5_sticky_duration_mos\u003d0\u0026html5_store_xhr_headers_readable\u003dtrue\u0026html5_streaming_resilience\u003dtrue\u0026html5_streaming_xhr_time_based_consolidation_ms\u003d-1\u0026html5_subsegment_readahead_load_speed_check_interval\u003d0.5\u0026html5_subsegment_readahead_min_buffer_health_secs\u003d0.25\u0026html5_subsegment_readahead_min_buffer_health_secs_on_timeout\u003d0.1\u0026html5_subsegment_readahead_min_load_speed\u003d1.5\u0026html5_subsegment_readahead_seek_latency_fudge\u003d0.5\u0026html5_subsegment_readahead_target_buffer_health_secs\u003d0.5\u0026html5_subsegment_readahead_timeout_secs\u003d2.0\u0026html5_track_overshoot\u003dtrue\u0026html5_transfer_processing_logs_interval\u003d1000\u0026html5_trigger_loader_when_idle_network\u003dtrue\u0026html5_ugc_live_audio_51\u003dtrue\u0026html5_ugc_vod_audio_51\u003dtrue\u0026html5_unreported_seek_reseek_delay_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_update_time_on_seeked\u003dtrue\u0026html5_use_date_now_for_local_storage\u003dtrue\u0026html5_use_init_selected_audio\u003dtrue\u0026html5_use_jsonformatter_to_parse_player_response\u003dtrue\u0026html5_use_non_active_broadcast_for_post_live\u003dtrue\u0026html5_use_post_for_media\u003dtrue\u0026html5_use_shared_owl_instance\u003dtrue\u0026html5_use_ump\u003dtrue\u0026html5_use_ump_request_slicer\u003dtrue\u0026html5_use_ump_timing\u003dtrue\u0026html5_use_video_quality_cap_for_ustreamer_constraint\u003dtrue\u0026html5_use_video_transition_endpoint_heartbeat\u003dtrue\u0026html5_video_tbd_min_kb\u003d0\u0026html5_viewport_undersend_maximum\u003d0.0\u0026html5_volume_slider_tooltip\u003dtrue\u0026html5_web_po_experiment_ids\u003d[]\u0026html5_web_po_request_key\u003d\u0026html5_web_po_token_disable_caching\u003dtrue\u0026html5_webpo_idle_priority_job\u003dtrue\u0026html5_webpo_kaios_defer_timeout_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_woffle_resume\u003dtrue\u0026html5_workaround_delay_trigger\u003dtrue\u0026idb_immediate_commit\u003dtrue\u0026ignore_overlapping_cue_points_on_endemic_live_html5\u003dtrue\u0026il_attach_cache_limit\u003dtrue\u0026il_payload_scraping\u003d\u0026il_use_view_model_logging_context\u003dtrue\u0026initial_gel_batch_timeout\u003d2000\u0026injected_license_handler_error_code\u003d0\u0026injected_license_handler_license_status\u003d0\u0026ios_and_android_fresca_polling_delay_override\u003d0\u0026itdrm_always_generate_media_keys\u003dtrue\u0026itdrm_always_use_widevine_sdk\u003dtrue\u0026itdrm_disable_external_key_rotation_system_ids\u003d[]\u0026itdrm_enable_revocation_reporting\u003dtrue\u0026itdrm_injected_license_service_error_code\u003d0\u0026itdrm_set_sabr_license_constraint\u003dtrue\u0026itdrm_use_fairplay_sdk\u003dtrue\u0026itdrm_use_widevine_sdk_for_premium_content\u003dtrue\u0026itdrm_use_widevine_sdk_only_for_sampled_dod\u003dtrue\u0026itdrm_widevine_hardened_vmp_mode\u003dlog\u0026json_condensed_response\u003dtrue\u0026kevlar_command_handler_command_banlist\u003d[]\u0026kevlar_delhi_modern_web_endscreen_ideal_tile_width_percentage\u003d0.27\u0026kevlar_delhi_modern_web_endscreen_max_rows\u003d2\u0026kevlar_delhi_modern_web_endscreen_max_width\u003d500\u0026kevlar_delhi_modern_web_endscreen_min_width\u003d200\u0026kevlar_gel_error_routing\u003dtrue\u0026kevlar_miniplayer_expand_top\u003dtrue\u0026kevlar_miniplayer_play_pause_on_scrim\u003dtrue\u0026kevlar_playback_associated_queue\u003dtrue\u0026kevlar_use_wil_icons\u003dtrue\u0026kevlar_vimio_use_shared_monitor\u003dtrue\u0026kevlar_woffle\u003dtrue\u0026launch_license_service_all_ott_videos_automatic_fail_open\u003dtrue\u0026limit_ytcsi_debug_array_size\u003dtrue\u0026live_chat_enable_rta_manager\u003dtrue\u0026live_chunk_readahead\u003d3\u0026log_click_with_layer_from_element_in_command_handler\u003dtrue\u0026log_gel_compression_latency\u003dtrue\u0026log_heartbeat_with_lifecycles\u003dtrue\u0026log_ssdai_decoration_failure_if_missing_ad_break_status\u003dtrue\u0026log_window_onerror_fraction\u003d0.1\u0026manifestless_post_live\u003dtrue\u0026manifestless_post_live_ufph\u003dtrue\u0026max_body_size_to_compress\u003d500000\u0026max_cdfe_quality_ordinal\u003d0\u0026max_prefetch_window_sec_for_livestream_optimization\u003d10\u0026max_resolution_for_white_noise\u003d360\u0026mdx_enable_privacy_disclosure_ui\u003dtrue\u0026mdx_load_cast_api_bootstrap_script\u003dtrue\u0026migrate_remaining_web_ad_badges_to_innertube\u003dtrue\u0026min_prefetch_offset_sec_for_livestream_optimization\u003d20\u0026mta_drc_mutual_exclusion_removal\u003dtrue\u0026music_enable_shared_audio_tier_logic\u003dtrue\u0026mweb_account_linking_noapp\u003dtrue\u0026mweb_enable_click_to_play_pause\u003dtrue\u0026mweb_enable_fine_scrubbing_for_recs\u003dtrue\u0026mweb_enable_more_chunks\u003dtrue\u0026mweb_native_control_in_faux_fullscreen_shared\u003dtrue\u0026mweb_player_control_on_hover\u003dtrue\u0026mweb_progress_bar_seek_on_mouse_click\u003dtrue\u0026mweb_shorts_comments_panel_id_change\u003dtrue\u0026network_polling_interval\u003d30000\u0026networkless_logging\u003dtrue\u0026new_codecs_string_api_uses_legacy_style\u003dtrue\u0026no_drm_on_demand_with_cc_license\u003dtrue\u0026no_filler_video_for_ssa_playbacks\u003dtrue\u0026offline_error_handling\u003dtrue\u0026onesie_add_gfe_frontline_to_player_request\u003dtrue\u0026onesie_enable_override_headm\u003dtrue\u0026override_drm_required_playback_policy_channels\u003d[]\u0026pageid_as_header_web\u003dtrue\u0026par_at_ep\u003dtrue\u0026pdg_enable_creator_goals_animations\u003dtrue\u0026player_ads_set_adformat_on_client\u003dtrue\u0026player_bootstrap_method\u003dtrue\u0026player_controls_volume_controls_use_player_props\u003dtrue\u0026player_destroy_old_version\u003dtrue\u0026player_doubletap_to_seek\u003dtrue\u0026player_enable_playback_playlist_change\u003dtrue\u0026player_new_info_card_format\u003dtrue\u0026player_underlay_min_player_width\u003d768.0\u0026player_underlay_video_width_fraction\u003d0.6\u0026player_web_canary\u003dtrue\u0026player_web_canary_stage\u003d3\u0026player_web_is_canary\u003dtrue\u0026playready_first_play_expiration\u003d-1\u0026podcasts_videostats_default_flush_interval_seconds\u003d0\u0026polymer_bad_build_labels\u003dtrue\u0026polymer_verifiy_app_state\u003dtrue\u0026populate_format_set_info_in_cdfe_formats\u003dtrue\u0026populate_head_minus_in_watch_server\u003dtrue\u0026preskip_button_style_ads_backend\u003dcountdown_next_to_thumbnail\u0026proxima_auto_threshold_max_network_interruption_duration_ms\u003d0\u0026proxima_auto_threshold_min_bandwidth_estimate_bytes_per_sec\u003d0\u0026qoe_nwl_downloads\u003dtrue\u0026qoe_send_and_write\u003dtrue\u0026quality_cap_for_inline_non_app_ads\u003d0\u0026quality_cap_for_inline_playback\u003d0\u0026quality_cap_for_inline_playback_ads\u003d0\u0026read_ahead_model_name\u003d\u0026record_app_crashed_web\u003dtrue\u0026refactor_mta_default_track_selection\u003dtrue\u0026reject_hidden_live_formats\u003dtrue\u0026reject_live_vp9_mq_clear_with_no_abr_ladder\u003dtrue\u0026remove_chevron_from_ad_disclosure_banner_h5\u003dtrue\u0026remove_masthead_channel_banner_on_refresh\u003dtrue\u0026remove_slot_id_exited_trigger_for_dai_in_player_slot_expire\u003dtrue\u0026replace_playability_retriever_in_watch\u003dtrue\u0026return_drm_product_unknown_for_clear_playbacks\u003dtrue\u0026sabr_enable_host_fallback\u003dtrue\u0026self_podding_header_string_template\u003dself_podding_interstitial_message\u0026self_podding_midroll_choice_string_template\u003dself_podding_midroll_choice\u0026send_config_hash_timer\u003d0\u0026serve_adaptive_fmts_for_live_streams\u003dtrue\u0026set_interstitial_advertisers_question_text\u003dtrue\u0026set_mock_id_as_expected_content_binding\u003d\u0026shell_load_gcf\u003dtrue\u0026shorts_mode_to_player_api\u003dtrue\u0026should_attribute_to_watch_with_source\u003d[]\u0026should_clear_video_data_on_player_cued_unstarted\u003dtrue\u0026simply_embedded_enable_botguard\u003dtrue\u0026skip_ls_gel_retry\u003dtrue\u0026slow_compressions_before_abandon_count\u003d4\u0026small_avatars_for_comments\u003dtrue\u0026smart_skip_web_player_bar_min_hover_length_milliseconds\u003d1000\u0026smarter_ve_dedupping\u003dtrue\u0026speedmaster_cancellation_movement_dp\u003d10\u0026speedmaster_playback_rate\u003d2.0\u0026speedmaster_touch_activation_ms\u003d500\u0026sps_enable_antiscraping_rules\u003dtrue\u0026start_async_playability_lazy_dependencies\u003dtrue\u0026start_client_gcf\u003dtrue\u0026stop_handling_click_for_non_rendering_overlay_layout\u003dtrue\u0026streaming_data_emergency_itag_blacklist\u003d[]\u0026substitute_ad_cpn_macro_in_ssdai\u003dtrue\u0026suppress_error_204_logging\u003dtrue\u0026transport_use_scheduler\u003dtrue\u0026trim_adaptive_formats_signature_cipher_for_sabr_content\u003dtrue\u0026trim_adaptive_formats_url_for_media_barrier\u003dtrue\u0026tvhtml5_unplugged_preload_cache_size\u003d5\u0026use_cue_range_marker_position\u003dtrue\u0026use_event_time_ms_header\u003dtrue\u0026use_fifo_for_networkless\u003dtrue\u0026use_generated_media_keys_in_fairplay_requests\u003dtrue\u0026use_inlined_player_rpc\u003dtrue\u0026use_new_codecs_string_api\u003dtrue\u0026use_request_time_ms_header\u003dtrue\u0026use_rta_for_player\u003dtrue\u0026use_rta_for_player_hb\u003dtrue\u0026use_rta_only_for_player\u003dtrue\u0026use_session_based_sampling\u003dtrue\u0026use_simplified_remove_webm_rules\u003dtrue\u0026use_thumbnail_overlay_time_status_renderer_for_live_badge\u003dtrue\u0026use_video_playback_premium_signal\u003dtrue\u0026variable_buffer_timeout_ms\u003d0\u0026vp9_drm_live\u003dtrue\u0026vss_final_ping_send_and_write\u003dtrue\u0026vss_pings_using_networkless\u003dtrue\u0026vss_playback_use_send_and_write\u003dtrue\u0026web_add_footer_template_to_audio_track\u003dtrue\u0026web_api_url\u003dtrue\u0026web_attention_logging_scroll_throttle\u003d500.0\u0026web_big_boards\u003dtrue\u0026web_big_boards_enable_in_inline\u003dtrue\u0026web_big_boards_enable_in_miniplayer\u003dtrue\u0026web_button_view_model_non_nullish_data\u003dtrue\u0026web_button_vm_refactor_disabled\u003dtrue\u0026web_cinematic_watch_settings\u003dtrue\u0026web_client_version_override\u003d\u0026web_collect_offline_state\u003dtrue\u0026web_csi_action_sampling_enabled\u003dtrue\u0026web_csi_debug_sample_enabled\u003dtrue\u0026web_dedupe_ve_grafting\u003dtrue\u0026web_disable_chip_view_model_mutation\u003dtrue\u0026web_enable_ab_rsp_cl\u003dtrue\u0026web_enable_course_icon_update\u003dtrue\u0026web_enable_entity_upsert_on_update\u003dtrue\u0026web_enable_error_204\u003dtrue\u0026web_enable_keyboard_shortcut_for_timely_actions\u003dtrue\u0026web_enable_shopping_timely_shelf_client\u003dtrue\u0026web_enable_speedmaster\u003dtrue\u0026web_enable_timely_actions\u003dtrue\u0026web_enable_varispeed_panel\u003dtrue\u0026web_fix_fine_scrubbing_false_play\u003dtrue\u0026web_foreground_heartbeat_interval_ms\u003d28000\u0026web_forward_command_on_pbj\u003dtrue\u0026web_fullscreen_shorts\u003dtrue\u0026web_gcf_hashes_innertube\u003dtrue\u0026web_gel_debounce_ms\u003d60000\u0026web_gel_timeout_cap\u003dtrue\u0026web_heat_map_v2\u003dtrue\u0026web_hide_next_button\u003dtrue\u0026web_hide_watch_info_empty\u003dtrue\u0026web_hide_your_data_on_automotive\u003dtrue\u0026web_infocards_teaser_show_logging_fix\u003dtrue\u0026web_key_moments_markers\u003dtrue\u0026web_l3_storyboard\u003dtrue\u0026web_load_prediction_threshold\u003d0.3\u0026web_log_memory_total_kbytes\u003dtrue\u0026web_logging_max_batch\u003d150\u0026web_max_tracing_events\u003d50\u0026web_modern_buttons\u003dtrue\u0026web_navigation_prediction_threshold\u003d0.1\u0026web_new_autonav_countdown\u003dtrue\u0026web_op_signal_type_banlist\u003d[]\u0026web_playback_associated_log_ctt\u003dtrue\u0026web_playback_associated_ve\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_api_logging_fraction\u003d0.01\u0026web_player_autonav_use_server_provided_state\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_big_mode_screen_width_cutoff\u003d4001\u0026web_player_default_peeking_px\u003d0\u0026web_player_delhi_dtts\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_enable_featured_product_banner_exclusives_on_desktop\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_enable_featured_product_banner_promotion_text_on_desktop\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_enable_fullscreen_grid_components\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_enable_premium_hbr_in_h5_api\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_enable_premium_hbr_playback_cap\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_frosted_glass_blur_radius\u003d16\u0026web_player_frosted_glass_blur_radius_float\u003d16.0\u0026web_player_grid_natural_scroll\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_innertube_playlist_update\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_invisible_fullscreen_button\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_ipp_canary_type_for_logging\u003dexperiment\u0026web_player_log_click_before_generating_ve_conversion_params\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_miniplayer_in_context_menu\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_mouse_idle_wait_time_ms\u003d3000\u0026web_player_move_autonav_toggle\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_music_visualizer_treatment\u003dfake\u0026web_player_nitrate_promo_tooltip\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_offline_playlist_auto_refresh\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_overlay_positioned_layout\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_pip_logging_fix\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_playable_sequences_refactor\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_pt_tt\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_quick_hide_timeout_ms\u003d250\u0026web_player_rtr_ctrls\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_seek_chapters_by_shortcut\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_seek_overlay_additional_arrow_threshold\u003d200\u0026web_player_seek_overlay_duration_bump_scale\u003d0.9\u0026web_player_seek_overlay_linger_duration\u003d1000\u0026web_player_sentinel_is_uniplayer\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_show_music_in_this_video_graphic\u003dvideo_thumbnail\u0026web_player_spacebar_control_bugfix\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_ss_dai_ad_fetching_timeout_ms\u003d15000\u0026web_player_ss_media_time_offset\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_touch_idle_wait_time_ms\u003d4000\u0026web_player_transfer_timeout_threshold_ms\u003d10800000\u0026web_player_updated_entrypoint\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_use_cinematic_label_2\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_use_new_api_for_quality_pullback\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_use_screen_width_for_big_mode\u003dtrue\u0026web_prefetch_preload_video\u003dtrue\u0026web_progress_bar_draggable\u003dtrue\u0026web_remix_allow_up_to_3x_playback_rate\u003dtrue\u0026web_remove_broken_subscribe_endscreen\u003dtrue\u0026web_reset_lact_on_media_actions\u003dtrue\u0026web_session_replay_send_after_timeout\u003d0\u0026web_settings_menu_icons\u003dtrue\u0026web_settings_menu_surface_custom_playback\u003dtrue\u0026web_settings_use_input_slider\u003dtrue\u0026web_shorts_audio_track_picker\u003dtrue\u0026web_sleep_timer\u003dtrue\u0026web_speedmaster_spacebar_control\u003dtrue\u0026web_tracing_enabled_spans\u003d[event, command]\u0026web_tracing_session_replay\u003d0\u0026web_watch_enable_fs_squeezeback_panels\u003dtrue\u0026webpo_exit_on_net_err\u003dtrue\u0026wil_icon_max_concurrent_fetches\u003d9999\u0026wil_icon_render_when_idle\u003dtrue\u0026wiz_diff_overwritable\u003dtrue\u0026wiz_wrapper_callback_props_fix\u003dtrue\u0026woffle_enable_download_status\u003dtrue\u0026woffle_orchestration\u003dtrue\u0026write_reload_player_response_token_to_ustreamer_config_for_vod\u003dtrue\u0026ws_av1_max_height_floor\u003d0\u0026ws_av1_max_width_floor\u003d0\u0026ws_use_centralized_hqa_filter\u003dtrue\u0026wug_networking_gzip_request\u003dtrue\u0026ytcsi_debug_max_size\u003d100\u0026ytidb_remake_db_retries\u003d3\u0026ytidb_reopen_db_retries\u003d3\u0026ytidb_transaction_ended_event_rate_limit\u003d0.02","cspNonce":"1FEbiaPymPRwluOaunvWMg","canaryState":"canary","enableCsiLogging":true,"csiPageType":"channels","datasyncId":"V0afcd696||","canaryStage":"MEDIUM","trustedJsUrl":{"privateDoNotAccessOrElseTrustedResourceUrlWrappedValue":"/s/player/bcd88ad3/player_es6.vflset/en_US/base.js"},"trustedCssUrl":{"privateDoNotAccessOrElseTrustedResourceUrlWrappedValue":"/s/player/bcd88ad3/www-player.css"},"serializedClientExperimentFlags":"45713225\u003d0\u002645718175\u003d0.0\u002645718176\u003d0.0\u002645725538\u003d0.0\u002645725539\u003d0.0\u002645725540\u003d0.0\u002645725541\u003d0.0\u002645725542\u003d0.0\u002645725543\u003d0.0\u002645728334\u003d0.0\u002645728572\u003dtrue\u002645729215\u003dtrue\u002645732704\u003dtrue\u002645732791\u003dtrue\u002645735428\u003d4000.0\u002645737488\u003d0.0\u002645737489\u003d0.0\u002645739023\u003d0.0\u002645741339\u003d0.0\u002645741773\u003d0.0\u002645743228\u003d0.0\u002645746966\u003d0.0\u002645746967\u003d0.0\u002645747053\u003d0.0\u002645750947\u003d10240\u002645756201\u003dtrue\u002645756872\u003d0.0\u002645757426\u003d0.0\u002645757427\u003d0.0\u002645757750\u003d0.0\u002645757957\u003d0.0\u002645758467\u003d0.0\u002645760018\u003dtrue\u002645761760\u003d200\u002645762838\u003d0\u002645764217\u003d0.0\u002645764252\u003d0.0\u002645764523\u003d0.0\u002645764524\u003d0.0\u002645764593\u003d0.0\u002645765077\u003dtrue\u002645765568\u003d0.0\u002645765602\u003d0.0\u002645767763\u003d0.0\u002645767943\u003d0.0\u002645768340\u003d0.0\u002645768430\u003d0.0\u002645769119\u003dtrue\u002645769214\u003d0.0\u002645770001\u003d0.0\u002645770002\u003d0.0\u002645770135\u003dtrue\u002645771890\u003d0.0\u002645773603\u003d0.0\u002645773604\u003d0.0\u002645775791\u003d0.0\u002645775792\u003d0.0\u002645778663\u003d0.0\u002645778671\u003d0.0"},"WEB_PLAYER_CONTEXT_CONFIG_ID_KEVLAR_PLAYLIST_OVERVIEW":{"rootElementId":"c4-player","jsUrl":"/s/player/bcd88ad3/player_es6.vflset/en_US/base.js","cssUrl":"/s/player/bcd88ad3/www-player.css","contextId":"WEB_PLAYER_CONTEXT_CONFIG_ID_KEVLAR_PLAYLIST_OVERVIEW","eventLabel":"playlistoverview","contentRegion":"NP","hl":"en_US","hostLanguage":"en","playerStyle":"desktop-polymer","innertubeApiKey":"AIzaSyAO_FJ2SlqU8Q4STEHLGCilw_Y9_11qcW8","innertubeApiVersion":"v1","innertubeContextClientVersion":"2.20260424.01.00","device":{"brand":"apple","model":"","browser":"Chrome","browserVersion":"124.0.0.0","os":"Macintosh","osVersion":"10_15_7","platform":"DESKTOP","interfaceName":"WEB","interfaceVersion":"2.20260424.01.00"},"serializedExperimentIds":"24004644,24499534,39325854,51010235,51063643,51072748,51095478,51098299,51204329,51222973,51300176,51300241,51314158,51340662,51349914,51353393,51366423,51389629,51459470,51467676,51470301,51472205,51490331,51505436,51530495,51534669,51547388,51565116,51578633,51583821,51605258,51609829,51619706,51620867,51622845,51635955,51638932,51646450,51648336,51672162,51681662,51683502,51684560,51698285,51705976,51708061,51713176,51715023,51717747,51719112,51720353,51729218,51740148,51742377,51763897,51774882,51784587,51798928,51801292,51802233,51803128,51803199,51803587,51804539,51807293,51811903,51819635,51820067,51829421,51839674,51839732,51841270,51844842,51847710,51849664,51851862,51855288,51856590,51866874,51866997,51869208,51876388,51881461,51885343,51887880,51889002,51890561,51892086,51893373,51899026,51908397","serializedExperimentFlags":"H5_async_logging_delay_ms\u003d30000.0\u0026a11y_h5_associate_survey_question\u003dtrue\u0026ab_det_apb_b\u003dtrue\u0026ab_det_apm\u003dtrue\u0026ab_det_el_h\u003dtrue\u0026action_companion_center_align_description\u003dtrue\u0026ad_pod_disable_companion_persist_ads_quality\u003dtrue\u0026add_stmp_logs_for_voice_boost\u003dtrue\u0026allow_autohide_on_paused_videos\u003dtrue\u0026allow_drm_override\u003dtrue\u0026allow_live_autoplay\u003dtrue\u0026allow_poltergust_autoplay\u003dtrue\u0026allow_skip_networkless\u003dtrue\u0026allow_vb_audio_formats\u003dtrue\u0026allow_vb_audio_formats_with_mta\u003dtrue\u0026allow_vp9_1080p_mq_enc\u003dtrue\u0026always_cache_redirect_endpoint\u003dtrue\u0026annotation_module_vast_cards_load_logging_fraction\u003d0.0\u0026assign_drm_family_by_format\u003dtrue\u0026att_web_record_metrics\u003dtrue\u0026attach_experiment_propagation_context_to_config\u003dtrue\u0026attention_logging_scroll_throttle\u003d500.0\u0026attmusi\u003dtrue\u0026autoplay_time\u003d8000\u0026autoplay_time_for_fullscreen\u003d3000\u0026autoplay_time_for_music_content\u003d3000\u0026bg_st_hr\u003dtrue\u0026bg_vm_reinit_threshold\u003d7200000\u0026block_tvhtml5_simply_embedded\u003dtrue\u0026blocked_packages_for_sps\u003d[]\u0026botguard_async_snapshot_timeout_ms\u003d3000\u0026captions_url_add_ei\u003dtrue\u0026check_navigator_accuracy_timeout_ms\u003d0\u0026client_respect_autoplay_switch_button_renderer\u003dtrue\u0026client_ui_enable_multi_track_audio_on_web_embedded_player\u003dtrue\u0026compress_gel\u003dtrue\u0026compression_disable_point\u003d10\u0026cow_optimize_idom_compat\u003dtrue\u0026csi_on_gel\u003dtrue\u0026custom_active_view_tos_timeout_ms\u003d3600000\u0026dash_manifest_version\u003d5\u0026debug_bandaid_hostname\u003d\u0026debug_bandaid_port\u003d0\u0026debug_sherlog_username\u003d\u0026delhi_fast_follow_autonav_toggle\u003dtrue\u0026delhi_modern_player_default_thumbnail_percentage\u003d0.0\u0026delhi_modern_player_faster_autohide_delay_ms\u003d2000\u0026delhi_modern_player_pause_thumbnail_percentage\u003d0.6\u0026delhi_modern_web_player\u003dtrue\u0026delhi_modern_web_player_blending_mode\u003d\u0026delhi_modern_web_player_disable_frosted_glass\u003dtrue\u0026delhi_modern_web_player_horizontal_volume_controls\u003dtrue\u0026delhi_modern_web_player_icons\u003dtrue\u0026delhi_modern_web_player_lhs_volume_controls\u003dtrue\u0026delhi_modern_web_player_responsive_compact_controls_threshold\u003d4000\u0026delhi_web_player_use_external_playlist_panel\u003dtrue\u0026deprecate_22\u003dtrue\u0026deprecate_delay_ping\u003dtrue\u0026deprecate_pair_servlet_enabled\u003dtrue\u0026desktop_sparkles_light_cta_button\u003dtrue\u0026disable_av1_setting\u003dtrue\u0026disable_channel_id_check_for_suspended_channels\u003dtrue\u0026disable_child_node_auto_formatted_strings\u003dtrue\u0026disable_features_for_supex\u003dtrue\u0026disable_legacy_desktop_remote_queue\u003dtrue\u0026disable_lifa_for_supex_users\u003dtrue\u0026disable_log_to_visitor_layer\u003dtrue\u0026disable_mdx_connection_in_mdx_module_for_music_web\u003dtrue\u0026disable_pacf_logging_for_memory_limited_tv\u003dtrue\u0026disable_reel_item_watch_format_filtering\u003dtrue\u0026disable_ssdai_on_errors\u003dtrue\u0026disable_threegpp_progressive_formats\u003dtrue\u0026disable_touch_events_on_skip_button\u003dtrue\u0026duration_before_pause_ad_break_ms_for_system_pause\u003d0\u0026edge_encryption_fill_primary_key_version\u003dtrue\u0026embeds_desktoff_enable_ads_top_bar\u003dtrue\u0026embeds_desktop_enable_volume_slider\u003dtrue\u0026embeds_enable_embed_config_for_muted_autoplay\u003dtrue\u0026embeds_enable_innertube_store\u003dtrue\u0026embeds_enable_move_set_center_crop_to_public\u003dtrue\u0026embeds_enable_per_video_embed_config\u003dtrue\u0026embeds_web_lite_mode\u003d1\u0026enable_a11y_focus_fix_for_mac_panel_on_desktop\u003dtrue\u0026enable_access_code_service_rpc\u003dtrue\u0026enable_aci_on_lr_feeds\u003dtrue\u0026enable_active_view_display_ad_renderer_web_home\u003dtrue\u0026enable_active_view_lr_shorts_video\u003dtrue\u0026enable_active_view_web_shorts_video\u003dtrue\u0026enable_ad_cpn_macro_substitution_for_click_pings\u003dtrue\u0026enable_ad_disclosure_banner_a11y_fix\u003dtrue\u0026enable_antiscraping_web_player_expired\u003dtrue\u0026enable_app_promo_endcap_eml_on_tablet\u003dtrue\u0026enable_automotive_form_factor_check\u003dtrue\u0026enable_av1_for_svod\u003dtrue\u0026enable_batched_cross_device_pings_in_gel_fanout\u003dtrue\u0026enable_capability_format_filter_in_watch_server\u003dtrue\u0026enable_cast_for_web_unplugged\u003dtrue\u0026enable_cast_on_music_web\u003dtrue\u0026enable_centered_caption_for_tvfilm_video\u003dtrue\u0026enable_cipher_for_manifest_urls\u003dtrue\u0026enable_cleanup_masthead_autoplay_hack_fix\u003dtrue\u0026enable_client_page_id_header_for_first_party_pings\u003dtrue\u0026enable_client_sli_logging\u003dtrue\u0026enable_client_ve_spec\u003dtrue\u0026enable_cta_banner_on_unplugged_lr\u003dtrue\u0026enable_custom_playhead_parsing\u003dtrue\u0026enable_dai_sdf_h5_preroll\u003dtrue\u0026enable_datasync_id_header_in_web_vss_pings\u003dtrue\u0026enable_default_mono_cta_migration_web_client\u003dtrue\u0026enable_dsa_ad_badge_for_action_endcap_on_android\u003dtrue\u0026enable_dsa_ad_badge_for_action_endcap_on_ios\u003dtrue\u0026enable_entity_store_from_dependency_injection\u003dtrue\u0026enable_error_corrections_infocard\u003dtrue\u0026enable_error_corrections_infocard_web_client\u003dtrue\u0026enable_error_corrections_infocard_web_client_check\u003dtrue\u0026enable_error_corrections_infocards_icon_web\u003dtrue\u0026enable_gel_log_commands\u003dtrue\u0026enable_get_reminder_button_on_web\u003dtrue\u0026enable_handles_account_menu_switcher\u003dtrue\u0026enable_inline_muted_playback_on_web_search\u003dtrue\u0026enable_inline_muted_playback_on_web_search_for_vdc\u003dtrue\u0026enable_inline_muted_playback_on_web_search_for_vdcb\u003dtrue\u0026enable_kabuki_comments_on_shorts\u003ddisabled\u0026enable_key_press_seek_logging\u003dtrue\u0026enable_ltc_param_fetch_from_innertube\u003dtrue\u0026enable_mixed_direction_formatted_strings\u003dtrue\u0026enable_modern_skip_button_on_web\u003dtrue\u0026enable_mweb_keyboard_shortcuts\u003dtrue\u0026enable_new_paid_product_placement\u003dtrue\u0026enable_open_in_new_tab_icon_for_short_dr_for_desktop_search\u003dtrue\u0026enable_out_of_stock_text_all_surfaces\u003dtrue\u0026enable_paid_content_overlay_bugfix\u003dtrue\u0026enable_pause_ads_on_ytv_html5\u003dtrue\u0026enable_po_decoration_of_forced_tracks\u003dtrue\u0026enable_policy_based_hqa_filter_in_watch_server\u003dtrue\u0026enable_progres_commands_lr_feeds\u003dtrue\u0026enable_progress_commands_el_dai\u003dtrue\u0026enable_progress_commands_lr_shorts\u003dtrue\u0026enable_publishing_region_param_in_sus\u003dtrue\u0026enable_pv_screen_modern_text\u003dtrue\u0026enable_redirect_linking_for_desktop_web_client\u003dtrue\u0026enable_rpr_token_on_ltl_lookup\u003dtrue\u0026enable_sabr_snackbar_message\u003dtrue\u0026enable_screen_manager_layer_separation\u003dtrue\u0026enable_sdf_companion_h5\u003dtrue\u0026enable_sdf_dai_h5_midroll\u003dtrue\u0026enable_sdf_h5_endemic_mid_post_roll\u003dtrue\u0026enable_sdf_on_h5_unplugged_vod_midroll\u003dtrue\u0026enable_sdf_shorts_player_bytes_h5\u003dtrue\u0026enable_server_driven_abr\u003dtrue\u0026enable_server_driven_abr_for_backgroundable\u003dtrue\u0026enable_server_driven_abr_url_generation\u003dtrue\u0026enable_server_driven_readahead\u003dtrue\u0026enable_server_stitched_dai\u003dtrue\u0026enable_shorts_player\u003dtrue\u0026enable_skip_ad_guidance_prompt\u003dtrue\u0026enable_skip_to_next_messaging\u003dtrue\u0026enable_skippable_ads_for_unplugged_ad_pod\u003dtrue\u0026enable_smart_skip_player_controls_shown_on_web\u003dtrue\u0026enable_smart_skip_player_controls_shown_on_web_increased_triggering_sensitivity\u003dtrue\u0026enable_smart_skip_speedmaster_on_web\u003dtrue\u0026enable_smearing_expansion_dai\u003dtrue\u0026enable_split_screen_ad_baseline_experience_endemic_live_h5\u003dtrue\u0026enable_split_screen_ad_on_endemic_live_h5\u003dtrue\u0026enable_tectonic_ad_ux_for_halftime\u003dtrue\u0026enable_to_call_playready_backend_directly\u003dtrue\u0026enable_topsoil_wta_for_halftime_live_infra\u003dtrue\u0026enable_unified_action_endcap_on_web\u003dtrue\u0026enable_video_display_compact_button_group_for_desktop_search\u003dtrue\u0026enable_voice_boost_feature\u003dtrue\u0026enable_vp9_appletv5_on_server\u003dtrue\u0026enable_watch_server_rejected_formats_logging\u003dtrue\u0026enable_web_delhi_icons\u003dtrue\u0026enable_web_home_top_landscape_image_layout_level_click\u003dtrue\u0026enable_web_media_session_metadata_fix\u003dtrue\u0026enable_web_premium_varispeed\u003dtrue\u0026enable_web_premium_varispeed_upsell\u003dtrue\u0026enable_web_shorts_audio_track\u003dtrue\u0026enable_web_tiered_gel\u003dtrue\u0026enable_wiz_queue_effect_and_on_init_initial_runs\u003dtrue\u0026enable_wn_infocards\u003dtrue\u0026enable_yt_ata_iframe_authuser\u003dtrue\u0026enable_ytv_csdai_vp9\u003dtrue\u0026expand_mediatek_denylist_to_all_live_vp9_in_backend_experiment\u003d[]\u0026export_networkless_options\u003dtrue\u0026export_player_version_to_ytconfig\u003dtrue\u0026fetch_att_independently\u003dtrue\u0026fill_live_request_config_in_ustreamer_config\u003dtrue\u0026fill_single_video_with_notify_to_lasr\u003dtrue\u0026filter_vb_without_non_vb_equivalents\u003dtrue\u0026fix_ad_miniplayer_controls_rendering\u003dtrue\u0026fix_ads_tracking_for_swf_config_deprecation_mweb\u003dtrue\u0026fix_h5_toggle_button_a11y\u003dtrue\u0026fix_survey_color_contrast_on_destop\u003dtrue\u0026fresca_polling_delay_override\u003d0\u0026gab_return_sabr_ssdai_config\u003dtrue\u0026gel_min_batch_size\u003d3\u0026gel_queue_timeout_max_ms\u003d300000\u0026gvi_channel_client_screen\u003dtrue\u0026h5_companion_enable_adcpn_macro_substitution_for_click_pings\u003dtrue\u0026h5_enable_ad_mbs\u003dtrue\u0026h5_inplayer_enable_adcpn_macro_substitution_for_click_pings\u003dtrue\u0026h5_reset_cache_and_filter_before_update_masthead\u003dtrue\u0026hfr_dropped_framerate_fallback_threshold\u003d0\u0026high_ccv_client_side_caching_h5\u003dtrue\u0026hls_use_new_codecs_string_api\u003dtrue\u0026html5_account_for_underrun_advance_in_sabr\u003dtrue\u0026html5_ad_timeout_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_adaptation_step_count\u003d0\u0026html5_ads_preroll_lock_timeout_delay_ms\u003d15000\u0026html5_allow_multiview_tile_preload\u003dtrue\u0026html5_allow_preloading_with_idle_only_network_for_sabr\u003dtrue\u0026html5_allow_video_keyframe_without_audio\u003dtrue\u0026html5_apply_constraints_in_client_for_sabr\u003dtrue\u0026html5_apply_min_failures\u003dtrue\u0026html5_apply_start_time_within_ads_for_ssdai_transitions\u003dtrue\u0026html5_atr_disable_force_fallback\u003dtrue\u0026html5_att_playback_timeout_ms\u003d30000\u0026html5_attach_num_random_bytes_to_bandaid\u003d0\u0026html5_attach_po_token_to_bandaid\u003dtrue\u0026html5_autonav_cap_idle_secs\u003d0\u0026html5_autonav_quality_cap\u003d720\u0026html5_autoplay_default_quality_cap\u003d0\u0026html5_auxiliary_estimate_weight\u003d0.0\u0026html5_av1_ordinal_cap\u003d0\u0026html5_bandaid_attach_content_po_token\u003dtrue\u0026html5_block_pip_safari_delay\u003d0\u0026html5_bypass_contention_secs\u003d0.0\u0026html5_byterate_soft_cap\u003d0\u0026html5_check_for_idle_network_interval_ms\u003d1000\u0026html5_chipset_soft_cap\u003d8192\u0026html5_consume_all_buffered_bytes_one_poll\u003dtrue\u0026html5_continuous_goodput_probe_interval_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_cuepoint_list_clear_on_seek\u003dtrue\u0026html5_d6de4_cloud_project_number\u003d868618676952\u0026html5_d6de4_defer_timeout_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_debug_data_log_probability\u003d0.0\u0026html5_decode_to_texture_cap\u003dtrue\u0026html5_default_ad_gain\u003d0.5\u0026html5_default_av1_threshold\u003d0\u0026html5_default_quality_cap\u003d0\u0026html5_defer_fetch_att_ms\u003d1000\u0026html5_delayed_retry_count\u003d1\u0026html5_delayed_retry_delay_ms\u003d5000\u0026html5_deprecate_adservice\u003dtrue\u0026html5_deprecate_manifestful_fallback\u003dtrue\u0026html5_deprecate_video_tag_pool\u003dtrue\u0026html5_desktop_vr180_allow_panning\u003dtrue\u0026html5_df_downgrade_thresh\u003d0.6\u0026html5_disable_bandwidth_cofactors_for_sabr_live\u003dtrue\u0026html5_disable_client_autonav_cap_for_onesie\u003dtrue\u0026html5_disable_loop_range_for_shorts_ads\u003dtrue\u0026html5_disable_move_pssh_to_moov\u003dtrue\u0026html5_disable_non_contiguous\u003dtrue\u0026html5_disable_peak_shave_for_onesie\u003dtrue\u0026html5_disable_ustreamer_constraint_for_sabr\u003dtrue\u0026html5_disable_web_safari_dai\u003dtrue\u0026html5_dispatch_tracklist_loaded_event\u003dtrue\u0026html5_displayed_frame_rate_downgrade_threshold\u003d45\u0026html5_drm_byterate_soft_cap\u003d0\u0026html5_drm_check_all_key_error_states\u003dtrue\u0026html5_drm_cpi_license_key\u003dtrue\u0026html5_drm_live_byterate_soft_cap\u003d0\u0026html5_early_media_for_sharper_shorts\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_ac3\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_audio_track_stickiness\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_audio_track_stickiness_phase_two\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_bandaid_error_screen\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_caption_changes_for_mosaic\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_composite_embargo\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_d6de4\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_d6de4_cold_start_and_error\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_d6de4_idle_priority_job\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_drc\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_drc_toggle_api\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_eac3\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_embedded_player_visibility_signals\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_encrypted_av1\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_media_serving_enforcement\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_media_serving_enforcement_when_has_preroll_ad\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_oduc\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_po_token_live_caption\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_progress_bar_slide_seek_logging\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_sabr_context_from_ump\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_sabr_drm_vod_streaming_xhr\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_sabr_format_selection\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_sabr_from_watch_server\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_sabr_host_fallback\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_sabr_ssdai_streaming_xhr\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_sabr_vod_streaming_xhr\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_server_driven_request_cancellation\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_sps_rebuffer_logs\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_sps_retry_backoff_metadata_requests\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_ssdai_transition_with_only_enter_cuerange\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_triggering_cuepoint_for_slot\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_tvos_dash\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_tvos_encrypted_vp9\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_voice_boost\u003dtrue\u0026html5_encourage_array_coalescing\u003dtrue\u0026html5_export_sodar_snapshot\u003dtrue\u0026html5_fill_default_mosaic_audio_track_id\u003dtrue\u0026html5_fix_drm_license_constraint_for_tv_and_onesie\u003dtrue\u0026html5_fix_multi_audio_offline_playback\u003dtrue\u0026html5_fixed_media_duration_for_request\u003d0\u0026html5_flush_index_on_updated_timestamp_offset\u003dtrue\u0026html5_force_sabr_from_watch_server_for_dfss\u003dtrue\u0026html5_forward_click_tracking_params_on_reload\u003dtrue\u0026html5_gapless_ad_autoplay_on_video_to_ad_only\u003dtrue\u0026html5_gapless_ended_transition_buffer_ms\u003d200\u0026html5_gapless_handoff_close_end_long_rebuffer_cfl\u003dtrue\u0026html5_gapless_handoff_close_end_long_rebuffer_delay_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_gapless_loop_seek_offset_in_milli\u003d0\u0026html5_gapless_slow_seek_cfl\u003dtrue\u0026html5_gapless_slow_seek_delay_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_gapless_slow_start_delay_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_generate_content_po_token\u003dtrue\u0026html5_generate_session_po_token\u003dtrue\u0026html5_gl_fps_threshold\u003d0\u0026html5_hard_cap_max_vertical_resolution_for_shorts\u003d0\u0026html5_hdcp_probing_stream_url\u003d\u0026html5_head_miss_secs\u003d0.0\u0026html5_hfr_quality_cap\u003d0\u0026html5_high_res_logging_percent\u003d0.01\u0026html5_high_res_seek_logging\u003dtrue\u0026html5_honor_caption_availabilities_in_audio_track\u003dtrue\u0026html5_hopeless_secs\u003d0\u0026html5_huli_ssdai_use_playback_state\u003dtrue\u0026html5_idle_rate_limit_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_ignore_partial_segment_from_live_readahead\u003dtrue\u0026html5_ignore_sabrseek_during_adskip\u003dtrue\u0026html5_innertube_heartbeats_for_fairplay\u003dtrue\u0026html5_innertube_heartbeats_for_playready\u003dtrue\u0026html5_innertube_heartbeats_for_widevine\u003dtrue\u0026html5_jumbo_mobile_subsegment_readahead_target\u003d3.0\u0026html5_jumbo_ull_nonstreaming_mffa_ms\u003d4000\u0026html5_jumbo_ull_subsegment_readahead_target\u003d1.3\u0026html5_kabuki_drm_live_51_default_off\u003dtrue\u0026html5_license_constraint_delay\u003d5000\u0026html5_live_abr_head_miss_fraction\u003d0.0\u0026html5_live_abr_repredict_fraction\u003d0.0\u0026html5_live_chunk_readahead_proxima_override\u003d0\u0026html5_live_head_playable\u003dtrue\u0026html5_live_low_latency_bandwidth_window\u003d0.0\u0026html5_live_normal_latency_bandwidth_window\u003d0.0\u0026html5_live_quality_cap\u003d0\u0026html5_live_ultra_low_latency_bandwidth_window\u003d0.0\u0026html5_liveness_drift_chunk_override\u003d0\u0026html5_liveness_drift_proxima_override\u003d0\u0026html5_log_audio_abr\u003dtrue\u0026html5_log_experiment_id_from_player_response_to_ctmp\u003d\u0026html5_log_first_ssdai_requests_killswitch\u003dtrue\u0026html5_log_rebuffer_events\u003d5\u0026html5_log_trigger_events_with_debug_data\u003dtrue\u0026html5_log_vss_extra_lr_cparams_freq\u003d\u0026html5_long_rebuffer_jiggle_cmt_delay_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_long_rebuffer_threshold_ms\u003d30000\u0026html5_manifestless_unplugged\u003dtrue\u0026html5_manifestless_vp9_otf\u003dtrue\u0026html5_max_buffer_health_for_downgrade_prop\u003d0.0\u0026html5_max_buffer_health_for_downgrade_secs\u003d0.0\u0026html5_max_byterate\u003d0\u0026html5_max_discontinuity_rewrite_count\u003d0\u0026html5_max_drift_per_track_secs\u003d0.0\u0026html5_max_headm_for_streaming_xhr\u003d0\u0026html5_max_live_dvr_window_plus_margin_secs\u003d46800.0\u0026html5_max_quality_sel_upgrade\u003d0\u0026html5_max_redirect_response_length\u003d8192\u0026html5_max_selectable_quality_ordinal\u003d0\u0026html5_max_vertical_resolution\u003d0\u0026html5_maximum_readahead_seconds\u003d0.0\u0026html5_media_fullscreen\u003dtrue\u0026html5_media_time_weight\u003dtrue\u0026html5_media_time_weight_prop\u003d0.0\u0026html5_min_failures_to_delay_retry\u003d3\u0026html5_min_media_duration_for_append_prop\u003d0.0\u0026html5_min_media_duration_for_cabr_slice\u003d0.01\u0026html5_min_playback_advance_for_steady_state_secs\u003d0\u0026html5_min_quality_ordinal\u003d0\u0026html5_min_readbehind_cap_secs\u003d60\u0026html5_min_readbehind_secs\u003d0\u0026html5_min_seconds_between_format_selections\u003d0.0\u0026html5_min_selectable_quality_ordinal\u003d0\u0026html5_min_startup_buffered_media_duration_for_live_secs\u003d0.0\u0026html5_min_startup_buffered_media_duration_secs\u003d1.2\u0026html5_min_startup_duration_live_secs\u003d0.25\u0026html5_min_underrun_buffered_pre_steady_state_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_min_upgrade_health_secs\u003d0.0\u0026html5_minimum_readahead_seconds\u003d0.0\u0026html5_mock_content_binding_for_session_token\u003d\u0026html5_move_disable_airplay\u003dtrue\u0026html5_no_placeholder_rollbacks\u003dtrue\u0026html5_non_onesie_attach_po_token\u003dtrue\u0026html5_offline_download_timeout_retry_limit\u003d4\u0026html5_offline_failure_retry_limit\u003d2\u0026html5_offline_playback_position_sync\u003dtrue\u0026html5_offline_prevent_redownload_downloaded_video\u003dtrue\u0026html5_onesie_audio_only_playback\u003dtrue\u0026html5_onesie_check_timeout\u003dtrue\u0026html5_onesie_defer_content_loader_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_onesie_live_ttl_secs\u003d8\u0026html5_onesie_prewarm_interval_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_onesie_prewarm_max_lact_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_onesie_redirector_timeout_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_onesie_send_streamer_context\u003dtrue\u0026html5_onesie_use_signed_onesie_ustreamer_config\u003dtrue\u0026html5_override_micro_discontinuities_threshold_ms\u003d-1\u0026html5_paced_poll_min_health_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_paced_poll_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_pause_on_nonforeground_platform_errors\u003dtrue\u0026html5_peak_shave\u003dtrue\u0026html5_perf_cap_override_sticky\u003dtrue\u0026html5_performance_cap_floor\u003d360\u0026html5_perserve_av1_perf_cap\u003dtrue\u0026html5_picture_in_picture_logging_onresize_ratio\u003d0.0\u0026html5_platform_max_buffer_health_oversend_duration_secs\u003d0.0\u0026html5_platform_minimum_readahead_seconds\u003d0.0\u0026html5_platform_whitelisted_for_frame_accurate_seeks\u003dtrue\u0026html5_player_att_initial_delay_ms\u003d1000\u0026html5_player_att_retry_delay_ms\u003d1500\u0026html5_player_autonav_logging\u003dtrue\u0026html5_player_dynamic_bottom_gradient\u003dtrue\u0026html5_player_es6\u003dtrue\u0026html5_player_min_build_cl\u003d-1\u0026html5_player_preload_ad_fix\u003dtrue\u0026html5_post_interrupt_readahead\u003d20\u0026html5_prefer_language_over_codec\u003dtrue\u0026html5_prefer_server_bwe3\u003dtrue\u0026html5_preload_before_initial_seek_with_sabr\u003dtrue\u0026html5_preload_wait_time_secs\u003d0.0\u0026html5_prevent_mobile_background_play_on_event_shared\u003dtrue\u0026html5_probe_primary_delay_base_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_process_all_encrypted_events\u003dtrue\u0026html5_qoe_proto_mock_length\u003d0\u0026html5_query_sw_secure_crypto_for_android\u003dtrue\u0026html5_random_playback_cap\u003d0\u0026html5_recognize_predict_start_cue_point\u003dtrue\u0026html5_record_is_offline_on_playback_attempt_start\u003dtrue\u0026html5_record_ump_timing\u003dtrue\u0026html5_reload_by_kabuki_app\u003dtrue\u0026html5_remove_command_triggered_companions\u003dtrue\u0026html5_remove_not_servable_check_killswitch\u003dtrue\u0026html5_remove_ssdai_append_pause\u003dtrue\u0026html5_report_fatal_drm_restricted_error_killswitch\u003dtrue\u0026html5_report_slow_ads_as_error\u003dtrue\u0026html5_repredict_interval_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_request_only_hdr_or_sdr_keys\u003dtrue\u0026html5_request_size_max_kb\u003d0\u0026html5_request_size_min_kb\u003d0\u0026html5_reseek_after_time_jump_cfl\u003dtrue\u0026html5_reseek_after_time_jump_delay_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_resource_bad_status_delay_scaling\u003d1.5\u0026html5_restrict_streaming_xhr_on_sqless_requests\u003dtrue\u0026html5_retry_downloads_for_expiration\u003dtrue\u0026html5_retry_on_drm_key_error\u003dtrue\u0026html5_retry_on_drm_unavailable\u003dtrue\u0026html5_retry_quota_exceeded_via_seek\u003dtrue\u0026html5_return_playback_if_already_preloaded\u003dtrue\u0026html5_sabr_enable_server_xtag_selection\u003dtrue\u0026html5_sabr_fetch_on_idle_network_preloaded_players\u003dtrue\u0026html5_sabr_force_max_network_interruption_duration_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_sabr_ignore_skipad_before_completion\u003dtrue\u0026html5_sabr_live_drm_streaming_xhr\u003dtrue\u0026html5_sabr_live_low_latency_streaming_xhr\u003dtrue\u0026html5_sabr_live_normal_latency_streaming_xhr\u003dtrue\u0026html5_sabr_live_timing\u003dtrue\u0026html5_sabr_live_ultra_low_latency_streaming_xhr\u003dtrue\u0026html5_sabr_log_server_xtag_selection_onesie_mismatch\u003dtrue\u0026html5_sabr_min_media_bytes_factor_to_append_for_stream\u003d0.0\u0026html5_sabr_non_streaming_xhr_soft_cap\u003d0\u0026html5_sabr_non_streaming_xhr_vod_request_cancellation_timeout_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_sabr_remove_all_quality_constraints_for_drm_traffic\u003dtrue\u0026html5_sabr_report_partial_segment_estimated_duration\u003dtrue\u0026html5_sabr_report_request_cancellation_info\u003dtrue\u0026html5_sabr_request_limit_per_period\u003d20\u0026html5_sabr_seek_no_shift_tolerance\u003dtrue\u0026html5_sabr_skip_client_audio_init_selection\u003dtrue\u0026html5_sabr_unused_bloat_size_bytes\u003d0\u0026html5_samsung_kant_limit_max_bitrate\u003d0\u0026html5_seek_jiggle_cmt_delay_ms\u003d8000\u0026html5_seek_new_elem_delay_ms\u003d12000\u0026html5_seek_new_elem_shorts_delay_ms\u003d2000\u0026html5_seek_new_media_element_shorts_reuse_cfl\u003dtrue\u0026html5_seek_new_media_element_shorts_reuse_delay_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_seek_new_media_source_shorts_reuse_cfl\u003dtrue\u0026html5_seek_new_media_source_shorts_reuse_delay_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_seek_set_cmt_delay_ms\u003d2000\u0026html5_seek_timeout_delay_ms\u003d20000\u0026html5_send_cuepoint_id_in_ad_break_request\u003dtrue\u0026html5_send_serialized_one_time_qoe_context_data\u003dtrue\u0026html5_serve_start_seconds_seek_for_post_live_sabr\u003dtrue\u0026html5_server_stitched_dai_decorated_url_retry_limit\u003d5\u0026html5_server_stitched_dai_group\u003dtrue\u0026html5_session_po_token_interval_time_ms\u003d900000\u0026html5_set_video_id_as_expected_content_binding\u003dtrue\u0026html5_shorts_gapless_ad_slow_start_cfl\u003dtrue\u0026html5_shorts_gapless_ad_slow_start_delay_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_shorts_gapless_next_buffer_in_seconds\u003d0\u0026html5_shorts_gapless_no_gllat\u003dtrue\u0026html5_shorts_gapless_slow_start_delay_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_show_drc_toggle\u003dtrue\u0026html5_simplified_backup_timeout_sabr_live\u003dtrue\u0026html5_skip_empty_po_token\u003dtrue\u0026html5_skip_slow_ad_delay_ms\u003d15000\u0026html5_slow_start_no_media_source_delay_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_slow_start_timeout_delay_ms\u003d20000\u0026html5_ssdai_clear_backoff_on_cuepoint_list_resolved\u003dtrue\u0026html5_ssdai_enable_media_end_cue_range\u003dtrue\u0026html5_ssdai_enable_new_seek_logic\u003dtrue\u0026html5_ssdai_failure_retry_limit\u003d0\u0026html5_ssdai_log_missing_ad_config_reason\u003dtrue\u0026html5_stall_factor\u003d0.0\u0026html5_sticky_duration_mos\u003d0\u0026html5_store_xhr_headers_readable\u003dtrue\u0026html5_streaming_resilience\u003dtrue\u0026html5_streaming_xhr_time_based_consolidation_ms\u003d-1\u0026html5_subsegment_readahead_load_speed_check_interval\u003d0.5\u0026html5_subsegment_readahead_min_buffer_health_secs\u003d0.25\u0026html5_subsegment_readahead_min_buffer_health_secs_on_timeout\u003d0.1\u0026html5_subsegment_readahead_min_load_speed\u003d1.5\u0026html5_subsegment_readahead_seek_latency_fudge\u003d0.5\u0026html5_subsegment_readahead_target_buffer_health_secs\u003d0.5\u0026html5_subsegment_readahead_timeout_secs\u003d2.0\u0026html5_track_overshoot\u003dtrue\u0026html5_transfer_processing_logs_interval\u003d1000\u0026html5_trigger_loader_when_idle_network\u003dtrue\u0026html5_ugc_live_audio_51\u003dtrue\u0026html5_ugc_vod_audio_51\u003dtrue\u0026html5_unreported_seek_reseek_delay_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_update_time_on_seeked\u003dtrue\u0026html5_use_date_now_for_local_storage\u003dtrue\u0026html5_use_init_selected_audio\u003dtrue\u0026html5_use_jsonformatter_to_parse_player_response\u003dtrue\u0026html5_use_non_active_broadcast_for_post_live\u003dtrue\u0026html5_use_post_for_media\u003dtrue\u0026html5_use_shared_owl_instance\u003dtrue\u0026html5_use_ump\u003dtrue\u0026html5_use_ump_request_slicer\u003dtrue\u0026html5_use_ump_timing\u003dtrue\u0026html5_use_video_quality_cap_for_ustreamer_constraint\u003dtrue\u0026html5_use_video_transition_endpoint_heartbeat\u003dtrue\u0026html5_video_tbd_min_kb\u003d0\u0026html5_viewport_undersend_maximum\u003d0.0\u0026html5_volume_slider_tooltip\u003dtrue\u0026html5_web_po_experiment_ids\u003d[]\u0026html5_web_po_request_key\u003d\u0026html5_web_po_token_disable_caching\u003dtrue\u0026html5_webpo_idle_priority_job\u003dtrue\u0026html5_webpo_kaios_defer_timeout_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_woffle_resume\u003dtrue\u0026html5_workaround_delay_trigger\u003dtrue\u0026idb_immediate_commit\u003dtrue\u0026ignore_overlapping_cue_points_on_endemic_live_html5\u003dtrue\u0026il_attach_cache_limit\u003dtrue\u0026il_payload_scraping\u003d\u0026il_use_view_model_logging_context\u003dtrue\u0026initial_gel_batch_timeout\u003d2000\u0026injected_license_handler_error_code\u003d0\u0026injected_license_handler_license_status\u003d0\u0026ios_and_android_fresca_polling_delay_override\u003d0\u0026itdrm_always_generate_media_keys\u003dtrue\u0026itdrm_always_use_widevine_sdk\u003dtrue\u0026itdrm_disable_external_key_rotation_system_ids\u003d[]\u0026itdrm_enable_revocation_reporting\u003dtrue\u0026itdrm_injected_license_service_error_code\u003d0\u0026itdrm_set_sabr_license_constraint\u003dtrue\u0026itdrm_use_fairplay_sdk\u003dtrue\u0026itdrm_use_widevine_sdk_for_premium_content\u003dtrue\u0026itdrm_use_widevine_sdk_only_for_sampled_dod\u003dtrue\u0026itdrm_widevine_hardened_vmp_mode\u003dlog\u0026json_condensed_response\u003dtrue\u0026kevlar_command_handler_command_banlist\u003d[]\u0026kevlar_delhi_modern_web_endscreen_ideal_tile_width_percentage\u003d0.27\u0026kevlar_delhi_modern_web_endscreen_max_rows\u003d2\u0026kevlar_delhi_modern_web_endscreen_max_width\u003d500\u0026kevlar_delhi_modern_web_endscreen_min_width\u003d200\u0026kevlar_gel_error_routing\u003dtrue\u0026kevlar_miniplayer_expand_top\u003dtrue\u0026kevlar_miniplayer_play_pause_on_scrim\u003dtrue\u0026kevlar_playback_associated_queue\u003dtrue\u0026kevlar_use_wil_icons\u003dtrue\u0026kevlar_vimio_use_shared_monitor\u003dtrue\u0026kevlar_woffle\u003dtrue\u0026launch_license_service_all_ott_videos_automatic_fail_open\u003dtrue\u0026limit_ytcsi_debug_array_size\u003dtrue\u0026live_chat_enable_rta_manager\u003dtrue\u0026live_chunk_readahead\u003d3\u0026log_click_with_layer_from_element_in_command_handler\u003dtrue\u0026log_gel_compression_latency\u003dtrue\u0026log_heartbeat_with_lifecycles\u003dtrue\u0026log_ssdai_decoration_failure_if_missing_ad_break_status\u003dtrue\u0026log_window_onerror_fraction\u003d0.1\u0026manifestless_post_live\u003dtrue\u0026manifestless_post_live_ufph\u003dtrue\u0026max_body_size_to_compress\u003d500000\u0026max_cdfe_quality_ordinal\u003d0\u0026max_prefetch_window_sec_for_livestream_optimization\u003d10\u0026max_resolution_for_white_noise\u003d360\u0026mdx_enable_privacy_disclosure_ui\u003dtrue\u0026mdx_load_cast_api_bootstrap_script\u003dtrue\u0026migrate_remaining_web_ad_badges_to_innertube\u003dtrue\u0026min_prefetch_offset_sec_for_livestream_optimization\u003d20\u0026mta_drc_mutual_exclusion_removal\u003dtrue\u0026music_enable_shared_audio_tier_logic\u003dtrue\u0026mweb_account_linking_noapp\u003dtrue\u0026mweb_enable_click_to_play_pause\u003dtrue\u0026mweb_enable_fine_scrubbing_for_recs\u003dtrue\u0026mweb_enable_more_chunks\u003dtrue\u0026mweb_native_control_in_faux_fullscreen_shared\u003dtrue\u0026mweb_player_control_on_hover\u003dtrue\u0026mweb_progress_bar_seek_on_mouse_click\u003dtrue\u0026mweb_shorts_comments_panel_id_change\u003dtrue\u0026network_polling_interval\u003d30000\u0026networkless_logging\u003dtrue\u0026new_codecs_string_api_uses_legacy_style\u003dtrue\u0026no_drm_on_demand_with_cc_license\u003dtrue\u0026no_filler_video_for_ssa_playbacks\u003dtrue\u0026offline_error_handling\u003dtrue\u0026onesie_add_gfe_frontline_to_player_request\u003dtrue\u0026onesie_enable_override_headm\u003dtrue\u0026override_drm_required_playback_policy_channels\u003d[]\u0026pageid_as_header_web\u003dtrue\u0026par_at_ep\u003dtrue\u0026pdg_enable_creator_goals_animations\u003dtrue\u0026player_ads_set_adformat_on_client\u003dtrue\u0026player_bootstrap_method\u003dtrue\u0026player_controls_volume_controls_use_player_props\u003dtrue\u0026player_destroy_old_version\u003dtrue\u0026player_doubletap_to_seek\u003dtrue\u0026player_enable_playback_playlist_change\u003dtrue\u0026player_new_info_card_format\u003dtrue\u0026player_underlay_min_player_width\u003d768.0\u0026player_underlay_video_width_fraction\u003d0.6\u0026player_web_canary\u003dtrue\u0026player_web_canary_stage\u003d3\u0026player_web_is_canary\u003dtrue\u0026playready_first_play_expiration\u003d-1\u0026podcasts_videostats_default_flush_interval_seconds\u003d0\u0026polymer_bad_build_labels\u003dtrue\u0026polymer_verifiy_app_state\u003dtrue\u0026populate_format_set_info_in_cdfe_formats\u003dtrue\u0026populate_head_minus_in_watch_server\u003dtrue\u0026preskip_button_style_ads_backend\u003dcountdown_next_to_thumbnail\u0026proxima_auto_threshold_max_network_interruption_duration_ms\u003d0\u0026proxima_auto_threshold_min_bandwidth_estimate_bytes_per_sec\u003d0\u0026qoe_nwl_downloads\u003dtrue\u0026qoe_send_and_write\u003dtrue\u0026quality_cap_for_inline_non_app_ads\u003d0\u0026quality_cap_for_inline_playback\u003d0\u0026quality_cap_for_inline_playback_ads\u003d0\u0026read_ahead_model_name\u003d\u0026record_app_crashed_web\u003dtrue\u0026refactor_mta_default_track_selection\u003dtrue\u0026reject_hidden_live_formats\u003dtrue\u0026reject_live_vp9_mq_clear_with_no_abr_ladder\u003dtrue\u0026remove_chevron_from_ad_disclosure_banner_h5\u003dtrue\u0026remove_masthead_channel_banner_on_refresh\u003dtrue\u0026remove_slot_id_exited_trigger_for_dai_in_player_slot_expire\u003dtrue\u0026replace_playability_retriever_in_watch\u003dtrue\u0026return_drm_product_unknown_for_clear_playbacks\u003dtrue\u0026sabr_enable_host_fallback\u003dtrue\u0026self_podding_header_string_template\u003dself_podding_interstitial_message\u0026self_podding_midroll_choice_string_template\u003dself_podding_midroll_choice\u0026send_config_hash_timer\u003d0\u0026serve_adaptive_fmts_for_live_streams\u003dtrue\u0026set_interstitial_advertisers_question_text\u003dtrue\u0026set_mock_id_as_expected_content_binding\u003d\u0026shell_load_gcf\u003dtrue\u0026shorts_mode_to_player_api\u003dtrue\u0026should_attribute_to_watch_with_source\u003d[]\u0026should_clear_video_data_on_player_cued_unstarted\u003dtrue\u0026simply_embedded_enable_botguard\u003dtrue\u0026skip_ls_gel_retry\u003dtrue\u0026slow_compressions_before_abandon_count\u003d4\u0026small_avatars_for_comments\u003dtrue\u0026smart_skip_web_player_bar_min_hover_length_milliseconds\u003d1000\u0026smarter_ve_dedupping\u003dtrue\u0026speedmaster_cancellation_movement_dp\u003d10\u0026speedmaster_playback_rate\u003d2.0\u0026speedmaster_touch_activation_ms\u003d500\u0026sps_enable_antiscraping_rules\u003dtrue\u0026start_async_playability_lazy_dependencies\u003dtrue\u0026start_client_gcf\u003dtrue\u0026stop_handling_click_for_non_rendering_overlay_layout\u003dtrue\u0026streaming_data_emergency_itag_blacklist\u003d[]\u0026substitute_ad_cpn_macro_in_ssdai\u003dtrue\u0026suppress_error_204_logging\u003dtrue\u0026transport_use_scheduler\u003dtrue\u0026trim_adaptive_formats_signature_cipher_for_sabr_content\u003dtrue\u0026trim_adaptive_formats_url_for_media_barrier\u003dtrue\u0026tvhtml5_unplugged_preload_cache_size\u003d5\u0026use_cue_range_marker_position\u003dtrue\u0026use_event_time_ms_header\u003dtrue\u0026use_fifo_for_networkless\u003dtrue\u0026use_generated_media_keys_in_fairplay_requests\u003dtrue\u0026use_inlined_player_rpc\u003dtrue\u0026use_new_codecs_string_api\u003dtrue\u0026use_request_time_ms_header\u003dtrue\u0026use_rta_for_player\u003dtrue\u0026use_rta_for_player_hb\u003dtrue\u0026use_rta_only_for_player\u003dtrue\u0026use_session_based_sampling\u003dtrue\u0026use_simplified_remove_webm_rules\u003dtrue\u0026use_thumbnail_overlay_time_status_renderer_for_live_badge\u003dtrue\u0026use_video_playback_premium_signal\u003dtrue\u0026variable_buffer_timeout_ms\u003d0\u0026vp9_drm_live\u003dtrue\u0026vss_final_ping_send_and_write\u003dtrue\u0026vss_pings_using_networkless\u003dtrue\u0026vss_playback_use_send_and_write\u003dtrue\u0026web_add_footer_template_to_audio_track\u003dtrue\u0026web_api_url\u003dtrue\u0026web_attention_logging_scroll_throttle\u003d500.0\u0026web_big_boards\u003dtrue\u0026web_big_boards_enable_in_inline\u003dtrue\u0026web_big_boards_enable_in_miniplayer\u003dtrue\u0026web_button_view_model_non_nullish_data\u003dtrue\u0026web_button_vm_refactor_disabled\u003dtrue\u0026web_cinematic_watch_settings\u003dtrue\u0026web_client_version_override\u003d\u0026web_collect_offline_state\u003dtrue\u0026web_csi_action_sampling_enabled\u003dtrue\u0026web_csi_debug_sample_enabled\u003dtrue\u0026web_dedupe_ve_grafting\u003dtrue\u0026web_disable_chip_view_model_mutation\u003dtrue\u0026web_enable_ab_rsp_cl\u003dtrue\u0026web_enable_course_icon_update\u003dtrue\u0026web_enable_entity_upsert_on_update\u003dtrue\u0026web_enable_error_204\u003dtrue\u0026web_enable_keyboard_shortcut_for_timely_actions\u003dtrue\u0026web_enable_shopping_timely_shelf_client\u003dtrue\u0026web_enable_speedmaster\u003dtrue\u0026web_enable_timely_actions\u003dtrue\u0026web_enable_varispeed_panel\u003dtrue\u0026web_fix_fine_scrubbing_false_play\u003dtrue\u0026web_foreground_heartbeat_interval_ms\u003d28000\u0026web_forward_command_on_pbj\u003dtrue\u0026web_fullscreen_shorts\u003dtrue\u0026web_gcf_hashes_innertube\u003dtrue\u0026web_gel_debounce_ms\u003d60000\u0026web_gel_timeout_cap\u003dtrue\u0026web_heat_map_v2\u003dtrue\u0026web_hide_next_button\u003dtrue\u0026web_hide_watch_info_empty\u003dtrue\u0026web_hide_your_data_on_automotive\u003dtrue\u0026web_infocards_teaser_show_logging_fix\u003dtrue\u0026web_key_moments_markers\u003dtrue\u0026web_l3_storyboard\u003dtrue\u0026web_load_prediction_threshold\u003d0.3\u0026web_log_memory_total_kbytes\u003dtrue\u0026web_logging_max_batch\u003d150\u0026web_max_tracing_events\u003d50\u0026web_modern_buttons\u003dtrue\u0026web_navigation_prediction_threshold\u003d0.1\u0026web_new_autonav_countdown\u003dtrue\u0026web_op_signal_type_banlist\u003d[]\u0026web_playback_associated_log_ctt\u003dtrue\u0026web_playback_associated_ve\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_api_logging_fraction\u003d0.01\u0026web_player_autonav_use_server_provided_state\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_big_mode_screen_width_cutoff\u003d4001\u0026web_player_default_peeking_px\u003d0\u0026web_player_delhi_dtts\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_enable_featured_product_banner_exclusives_on_desktop\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_enable_featured_product_banner_promotion_text_on_desktop\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_enable_fullscreen_grid_components\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_enable_premium_hbr_in_h5_api\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_enable_premium_hbr_playback_cap\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_frosted_glass_blur_radius\u003d16\u0026web_player_frosted_glass_blur_radius_float\u003d16.0\u0026web_player_grid_natural_scroll\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_innertube_playlist_update\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_invisible_fullscreen_button\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_ipp_canary_type_for_logging\u003dexperiment\u0026web_player_log_click_before_generating_ve_conversion_params\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_miniplayer_in_context_menu\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_mouse_idle_wait_time_ms\u003d3000\u0026web_player_move_autonav_toggle\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_music_visualizer_treatment\u003dfake\u0026web_player_nitrate_promo_tooltip\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_offline_playlist_auto_refresh\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_overlay_positioned_layout\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_pip_logging_fix\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_playable_sequences_refactor\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_pt_tt\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_quick_hide_timeout_ms\u003d250\u0026web_player_rtr_ctrls\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_seek_chapters_by_shortcut\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_seek_overlay_additional_arrow_threshold\u003d200\u0026web_player_seek_overlay_duration_bump_scale\u003d0.9\u0026web_player_seek_overlay_linger_duration\u003d1000\u0026web_player_sentinel_is_uniplayer\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_show_music_in_this_video_graphic\u003dvideo_thumbnail\u0026web_player_spacebar_control_bugfix\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_ss_dai_ad_fetching_timeout_ms\u003d15000\u0026web_player_ss_media_time_offset\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_touch_idle_wait_time_ms\u003d4000\u0026web_player_transfer_timeout_threshold_ms\u003d10800000\u0026web_player_updated_entrypoint\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_use_cinematic_label_2\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_use_new_api_for_quality_pullback\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_use_screen_width_for_big_mode\u003dtrue\u0026web_prefetch_preload_video\u003dtrue\u0026web_progress_bar_draggable\u003dtrue\u0026web_remix_allow_up_to_3x_playback_rate\u003dtrue\u0026web_remove_broken_subscribe_endscreen\u003dtrue\u0026web_reset_lact_on_media_actions\u003dtrue\u0026web_session_replay_send_after_timeout\u003d0\u0026web_settings_menu_icons\u003dtrue\u0026web_settings_menu_surface_custom_playback\u003dtrue\u0026web_settings_use_input_slider\u003dtrue\u0026web_shorts_audio_track_picker\u003dtrue\u0026web_sleep_timer\u003dtrue\u0026web_speedmaster_spacebar_control\u003dtrue\u0026web_tracing_enabled_spans\u003d[event, command]\u0026web_tracing_session_replay\u003d0\u0026web_watch_enable_fs_squeezeback_panels\u003dtrue\u0026webpo_exit_on_net_err\u003dtrue\u0026wil_icon_max_concurrent_fetches\u003d9999\u0026wil_icon_render_when_idle\u003dtrue\u0026wiz_diff_overwritable\u003dtrue\u0026wiz_wrapper_callback_props_fix\u003dtrue\u0026woffle_enable_download_status\u003dtrue\u0026woffle_orchestration\u003dtrue\u0026write_reload_player_response_token_to_ustreamer_config_for_vod\u003dtrue\u0026ws_av1_max_height_floor\u003d0\u0026ws_av1_max_width_floor\u003d0\u0026ws_use_centralized_hqa_filter\u003dtrue\u0026wug_networking_gzip_request\u003dtrue\u0026ytcsi_debug_max_size\u003d100\u0026ytidb_remake_db_retries\u003d3\u0026ytidb_reopen_db_retries\u003d3\u0026ytidb_transaction_ended_event_rate_limit\u003d0.02","disableSharing":true,"hideInfo":true,"disableWatchLater":true,"cspNonce":"1FEbiaPymPRwluOaunvWMg","canaryState":"canary","enableCsiLogging":true,"csiPageType":"playlist_overview","datasyncId":"V0afcd696||","canaryStage":"MEDIUM","trustedJsUrl":{"privateDoNotAccessOrElseTrustedResourceUrlWrappedValue":"/s/player/bcd88ad3/player_es6.vflset/en_US/base.js"},"trustedCssUrl":{"privateDoNotAccessOrElseTrustedResourceUrlWrappedValue":"/s/player/bcd88ad3/www-player.css"},"serializedClientExperimentFlags":"45713225\u003d0\u002645718175\u003d0.0\u002645718176\u003d0.0\u002645725538\u003d0.0\u002645725539\u003d0.0\u002645725540\u003d0.0\u002645725541\u003d0.0\u002645725542\u003d0.0\u002645725543\u003d0.0\u002645728334\u003d0.0\u002645728572\u003dtrue\u002645729215\u003dtrue\u002645732704\u003dtrue\u002645732791\u003dtrue\u002645735428\u003d4000.0\u002645737488\u003d0.0\u002645737489\u003d0.0\u002645739023\u003d0.0\u002645741339\u003d0.0\u002645741773\u003d0.0\u002645743228\u003d0.0\u002645746966\u003d0.0\u002645746967\u003d0.0\u002645747053\u003d0.0\u002645750947\u003d10240\u002645756201\u003dtrue\u002645756872\u003d0.0\u002645757426\u003d0.0\u002645757427\u003d0.0\u002645757750\u003d0.0\u002645757957\u003d0.0\u002645758467\u003d0.0\u002645760018\u003dtrue\u002645761760\u003d200\u002645762838\u003d0\u002645764217\u003d0.0\u002645764252\u003d0.0\u002645764523\u003d0.0\u002645764524\u003d0.0\u002645764593\u003d0.0\u002645765077\u003dtrue\u002645765568\u003d0.0\u002645765602\u003d0.0\u002645767763\u003d0.0\u002645767943\u003d0.0\u002645768340\u003d0.0\u002645768430\u003d0.0\u002645769119\u003dtrue\u002645769214\u003d0.0\u002645770001\u003d0.0\u002645770002\u003d0.0\u002645770135\u003dtrue\u002645771890\u003d0.0\u002645773603\u003d0.0\u002645773604\u003d0.0\u002645775791\u003d0.0\u002645775792\u003d0.0\u002645778663\u003d0.0\u002645778671\u003d0.0"},"WEB_PLAYER_CONTEXT_CONFIG_ID_KEVLAR_VERTICAL_LANDING_PAGE_PROMO":{"rootElementId":"ytd-default-promo-panel-renderer-inline-playback-renderer","jsUrl":"/s/player/bcd88ad3/player_es6.vflset/en_US/base.js","cssUrl":"/s/player/bcd88ad3/www-player.css","contextId":"WEB_PLAYER_CONTEXT_CONFIG_ID_KEVLAR_VERTICAL_LANDING_PAGE_PROMO","eventLabel":"profilepage","contentRegion":"NP","hl":"en_US","hostLanguage":"en","playerStyle":"desktop-polymer","innertubeApiKey":"AIzaSyAO_FJ2SlqU8Q4STEHLGCilw_Y9_11qcW8","innertubeApiVersion":"v1","innertubeContextClientVersion":"2.20260424.01.00","controlsType":0,"disableRelatedVideos":true,"annotationsLoadPolicy":3,"device":{"brand":"apple","model":"","browser":"Chrome","browserVersion":"124.0.0.0","os":"Macintosh","osVersion":"10_15_7","platform":"DESKTOP","interfaceName":"WEB","interfaceVersion":"2.20260424.01.00"},"serializedExperimentIds":"24004644,24499534,39325854,51010235,51063643,51072748,51095478,51098299,51204329,51222973,51300176,51300241,51314158,51340662,51349914,51353393,51366423,51389629,51459470,51467676,51470301,51472205,51490331,51505436,51530495,51534669,51547388,51565116,51578633,51583821,51605258,51609829,51619706,51620867,51622845,51635955,51638932,51646450,51648336,51672162,51681662,51683502,51684560,51698285,51705976,51708061,51713176,51715023,51717747,51719112,51720353,51729218,51740148,51742377,51763897,51774882,51784587,51798928,51801292,51802233,51803128,51803199,51803587,51804539,51807293,51811903,51819635,51820067,51829421,51839674,51839732,51841270,51844842,51847710,51849664,51851862,51855288,51856590,51866874,51866997,51869208,51876388,51881461,51885343,51887880,51889002,51890561,51892086,51893373,51899026,51908397","serializedExperimentFlags":"H5_async_logging_delay_ms\u003d30000.0\u0026a11y_h5_associate_survey_question\u003dtrue\u0026ab_det_apb_b\u003dtrue\u0026ab_det_apm\u003dtrue\u0026ab_det_el_h\u003dtrue\u0026action_companion_center_align_description\u003dtrue\u0026ad_pod_disable_companion_persist_ads_quality\u003dtrue\u0026add_stmp_logs_for_voice_boost\u003dtrue\u0026allow_autohide_on_paused_videos\u003dtrue\u0026allow_drm_override\u003dtrue\u0026allow_live_autoplay\u003dtrue\u0026allow_poltergust_autoplay\u003dtrue\u0026allow_skip_networkless\u003dtrue\u0026allow_vb_audio_formats\u003dtrue\u0026allow_vb_audio_formats_with_mta\u003dtrue\u0026allow_vp9_1080p_mq_enc\u003dtrue\u0026always_cache_redirect_endpoint\u003dtrue\u0026annotation_module_vast_cards_load_logging_fraction\u003d0.0\u0026assign_drm_family_by_format\u003dtrue\u0026att_web_record_metrics\u003dtrue\u0026attach_experiment_propagation_context_to_config\u003dtrue\u0026attention_logging_scroll_throttle\u003d500.0\u0026attmusi\u003dtrue\u0026autoplay_time\u003d8000\u0026autoplay_time_for_fullscreen\u003d3000\u0026autoplay_time_for_music_content\u003d3000\u0026bg_st_hr\u003dtrue\u0026bg_vm_reinit_threshold\u003d7200000\u0026block_tvhtml5_simply_embedded\u003dtrue\u0026blocked_packages_for_sps\u003d[]\u0026botguard_async_snapshot_timeout_ms\u003d3000\u0026captions_url_add_ei\u003dtrue\u0026check_navigator_accuracy_timeout_ms\u003d0\u0026client_respect_autoplay_switch_button_renderer\u003dtrue\u0026client_ui_enable_multi_track_audio_on_web_embedded_player\u003dtrue\u0026compress_gel\u003dtrue\u0026compression_disable_point\u003d10\u0026cow_optimize_idom_compat\u003dtrue\u0026csi_on_gel\u003dtrue\u0026custom_active_view_tos_timeout_ms\u003d3600000\u0026dash_manifest_version\u003d5\u0026debug_bandaid_hostname\u003d\u0026debug_bandaid_port\u003d0\u0026debug_sherlog_username\u003d\u0026delhi_fast_follow_autonav_toggle\u003dtrue\u0026delhi_modern_player_default_thumbnail_percentage\u003d0.0\u0026delhi_modern_player_faster_autohide_delay_ms\u003d2000\u0026delhi_modern_player_pause_thumbnail_percentage\u003d0.6\u0026delhi_modern_web_player\u003dtrue\u0026delhi_modern_web_player_blending_mode\u003d\u0026delhi_modern_web_player_disable_frosted_glass\u003dtrue\u0026delhi_modern_web_player_horizontal_volume_controls\u003dtrue\u0026delhi_modern_web_player_icons\u003dtrue\u0026delhi_modern_web_player_lhs_volume_controls\u003dtrue\u0026delhi_modern_web_player_responsive_compact_controls_threshold\u003d4000\u0026delhi_web_player_use_external_playlist_panel\u003dtrue\u0026deprecate_22\u003dtrue\u0026deprecate_delay_ping\u003dtrue\u0026deprecate_pair_servlet_enabled\u003dtrue\u0026desktop_sparkles_light_cta_button\u003dtrue\u0026disable_av1_setting\u003dtrue\u0026disable_channel_id_check_for_suspended_channels\u003dtrue\u0026disable_child_node_auto_formatted_strings\u003dtrue\u0026disable_features_for_supex\u003dtrue\u0026disable_legacy_desktop_remote_queue\u003dtrue\u0026disable_lifa_for_supex_users\u003dtrue\u0026disable_log_to_visitor_layer\u003dtrue\u0026disable_mdx_connection_in_mdx_module_for_music_web\u003dtrue\u0026disable_pacf_logging_for_memory_limited_tv\u003dtrue\u0026disable_reel_item_watch_format_filtering\u003dtrue\u0026disable_ssdai_on_errors\u003dtrue\u0026disable_threegpp_progressive_formats\u003dtrue\u0026disable_touch_events_on_skip_button\u003dtrue\u0026duration_before_pause_ad_break_ms_for_system_pause\u003d0\u0026edge_encryption_fill_primary_key_version\u003dtrue\u0026embeds_desktoff_enable_ads_top_bar\u003dtrue\u0026embeds_desktop_enable_volume_slider\u003dtrue\u0026embeds_enable_embed_config_for_muted_autoplay\u003dtrue\u0026embeds_enable_innertube_store\u003dtrue\u0026embeds_enable_move_set_center_crop_to_public\u003dtrue\u0026embeds_enable_per_video_embed_config\u003dtrue\u0026embeds_web_lite_mode\u003d1\u0026enable_a11y_focus_fix_for_mac_panel_on_desktop\u003dtrue\u0026enable_access_code_service_rpc\u003dtrue\u0026enable_aci_on_lr_feeds\u003dtrue\u0026enable_active_view_display_ad_renderer_web_home\u003dtrue\u0026enable_active_view_lr_shorts_video\u003dtrue\u0026enable_active_view_web_shorts_video\u003dtrue\u0026enable_ad_cpn_macro_substitution_for_click_pings\u003dtrue\u0026enable_ad_disclosure_banner_a11y_fix\u003dtrue\u0026enable_antiscraping_web_player_expired\u003dtrue\u0026enable_app_promo_endcap_eml_on_tablet\u003dtrue\u0026enable_automotive_form_factor_check\u003dtrue\u0026enable_av1_for_svod\u003dtrue\u0026enable_batched_cross_device_pings_in_gel_fanout\u003dtrue\u0026enable_capability_format_filter_in_watch_server\u003dtrue\u0026enable_cast_for_web_unplugged\u003dtrue\u0026enable_cast_on_music_web\u003dtrue\u0026enable_centered_caption_for_tvfilm_video\u003dtrue\u0026enable_cipher_for_manifest_urls\u003dtrue\u0026enable_cleanup_masthead_autoplay_hack_fix\u003dtrue\u0026enable_client_page_id_header_for_first_party_pings\u003dtrue\u0026enable_client_sli_logging\u003dtrue\u0026enable_client_ve_spec\u003dtrue\u0026enable_cta_banner_on_unplugged_lr\u003dtrue\u0026enable_custom_playhead_parsing\u003dtrue\u0026enable_dai_sdf_h5_preroll\u003dtrue\u0026enable_datasync_id_header_in_web_vss_pings\u003dtrue\u0026enable_default_mono_cta_migration_web_client\u003dtrue\u0026enable_dsa_ad_badge_for_action_endcap_on_android\u003dtrue\u0026enable_dsa_ad_badge_for_action_endcap_on_ios\u003dtrue\u0026enable_entity_store_from_dependency_injection\u003dtrue\u0026enable_error_corrections_infocard\u003dtrue\u0026enable_error_corrections_infocard_web_client\u003dtrue\u0026enable_error_corrections_infocard_web_client_check\u003dtrue\u0026enable_error_corrections_infocards_icon_web\u003dtrue\u0026enable_gel_log_commands\u003dtrue\u0026enable_get_reminder_button_on_web\u003dtrue\u0026enable_handles_account_menu_switcher\u003dtrue\u0026enable_inline_muted_playback_on_web_search\u003dtrue\u0026enable_inline_muted_playback_on_web_search_for_vdc\u003dtrue\u0026enable_inline_muted_playback_on_web_search_for_vdcb\u003dtrue\u0026enable_kabuki_comments_on_shorts\u003ddisabled\u0026enable_key_press_seek_logging\u003dtrue\u0026enable_ltc_param_fetch_from_innertube\u003dtrue\u0026enable_mixed_direction_formatted_strings\u003dtrue\u0026enable_modern_skip_button_on_web\u003dtrue\u0026enable_mweb_keyboard_shortcuts\u003dtrue\u0026enable_new_paid_product_placement\u003dtrue\u0026enable_open_in_new_tab_icon_for_short_dr_for_desktop_search\u003dtrue\u0026enable_out_of_stock_text_all_surfaces\u003dtrue\u0026enable_paid_content_overlay_bugfix\u003dtrue\u0026enable_pause_ads_on_ytv_html5\u003dtrue\u0026enable_po_decoration_of_forced_tracks\u003dtrue\u0026enable_policy_based_hqa_filter_in_watch_server\u003dtrue\u0026enable_progres_commands_lr_feeds\u003dtrue\u0026enable_progress_commands_el_dai\u003dtrue\u0026enable_progress_commands_lr_shorts\u003dtrue\u0026enable_publishing_region_param_in_sus\u003dtrue\u0026enable_pv_screen_modern_text\u003dtrue\u0026enable_redirect_linking_for_desktop_web_client\u003dtrue\u0026enable_rpr_token_on_ltl_lookup\u003dtrue\u0026enable_sabr_snackbar_message\u003dtrue\u0026enable_screen_manager_layer_separation\u003dtrue\u0026enable_sdf_companion_h5\u003dtrue\u0026enable_sdf_dai_h5_midroll\u003dtrue\u0026enable_sdf_h5_endemic_mid_post_roll\u003dtrue\u0026enable_sdf_on_h5_unplugged_vod_midroll\u003dtrue\u0026enable_sdf_shorts_player_bytes_h5\u003dtrue\u0026enable_server_driven_abr\u003dtrue\u0026enable_server_driven_abr_for_backgroundable\u003dtrue\u0026enable_server_driven_abr_url_generation\u003dtrue\u0026enable_server_driven_readahead\u003dtrue\u0026enable_server_stitched_dai\u003dtrue\u0026enable_shorts_player\u003dtrue\u0026enable_skip_ad_guidance_prompt\u003dtrue\u0026enable_skip_to_next_messaging\u003dtrue\u0026enable_skippable_ads_for_unplugged_ad_pod\u003dtrue\u0026enable_smart_skip_player_controls_shown_on_web\u003dtrue\u0026enable_smart_skip_player_controls_shown_on_web_increased_triggering_sensitivity\u003dtrue\u0026enable_smart_skip_speedmaster_on_web\u003dtrue\u0026enable_smearing_expansion_dai\u003dtrue\u0026enable_split_screen_ad_baseline_experience_endemic_live_h5\u003dtrue\u0026enable_split_screen_ad_on_endemic_live_h5\u003dtrue\u0026enable_tectonic_ad_ux_for_halftime\u003dtrue\u0026enable_to_call_playready_backend_directly\u003dtrue\u0026enable_topsoil_wta_for_halftime_live_infra\u003dtrue\u0026enable_unified_action_endcap_on_web\u003dtrue\u0026enable_video_display_compact_button_group_for_desktop_search\u003dtrue\u0026enable_voice_boost_feature\u003dtrue\u0026enable_vp9_appletv5_on_server\u003dtrue\u0026enable_watch_server_rejected_formats_logging\u003dtrue\u0026enable_web_delhi_icons\u003dtrue\u0026enable_web_home_top_landscape_image_layout_level_click\u003dtrue\u0026enable_web_media_session_metadata_fix\u003dtrue\u0026enable_web_premium_varispeed\u003dtrue\u0026enable_web_premium_varispeed_upsell\u003dtrue\u0026enable_web_shorts_audio_track\u003dtrue\u0026enable_web_tiered_gel\u003dtrue\u0026enable_wiz_queue_effect_and_on_init_initial_runs\u003dtrue\u0026enable_wn_infocards\u003dtrue\u0026enable_yt_ata_iframe_authuser\u003dtrue\u0026enable_ytv_csdai_vp9\u003dtrue\u0026expand_mediatek_denylist_to_all_live_vp9_in_backend_experiment\u003d[]\u0026export_networkless_options\u003dtrue\u0026export_player_version_to_ytconfig\u003dtrue\u0026fetch_att_independently\u003dtrue\u0026fill_live_request_config_in_ustreamer_config\u003dtrue\u0026fill_single_video_with_notify_to_lasr\u003dtrue\u0026filter_vb_without_non_vb_equivalents\u003dtrue\u0026fix_ad_miniplayer_controls_rendering\u003dtrue\u0026fix_ads_tracking_for_swf_config_deprecation_mweb\u003dtrue\u0026fix_h5_toggle_button_a11y\u003dtrue\u0026fix_survey_color_contrast_on_destop\u003dtrue\u0026fresca_polling_delay_override\u003d0\u0026gab_return_sabr_ssdai_config\u003dtrue\u0026gel_min_batch_size\u003d3\u0026gel_queue_timeout_max_ms\u003d300000\u0026gvi_channel_client_screen\u003dtrue\u0026h5_companion_enable_adcpn_macro_substitution_for_click_pings\u003dtrue\u0026h5_enable_ad_mbs\u003dtrue\u0026h5_inplayer_enable_adcpn_macro_substitution_for_click_pings\u003dtrue\u0026h5_reset_cache_and_filter_before_update_masthead\u003dtrue\u0026hfr_dropped_framerate_fallback_threshold\u003d0\u0026high_ccv_client_side_caching_h5\u003dtrue\u0026hls_use_new_codecs_string_api\u003dtrue\u0026html5_account_for_underrun_advance_in_sabr\u003dtrue\u0026html5_ad_timeout_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_adaptation_step_count\u003d0\u0026html5_ads_preroll_lock_timeout_delay_ms\u003d15000\u0026html5_allow_multiview_tile_preload\u003dtrue\u0026html5_allow_preloading_with_idle_only_network_for_sabr\u003dtrue\u0026html5_allow_video_keyframe_without_audio\u003dtrue\u0026html5_apply_constraints_in_client_for_sabr\u003dtrue\u0026html5_apply_min_failures\u003dtrue\u0026html5_apply_start_time_within_ads_for_ssdai_transitions\u003dtrue\u0026html5_atr_disable_force_fallback\u003dtrue\u0026html5_att_playback_timeout_ms\u003d30000\u0026html5_attach_num_random_bytes_to_bandaid\u003d0\u0026html5_attach_po_token_to_bandaid\u003dtrue\u0026html5_autonav_cap_idle_secs\u003d0\u0026html5_autonav_quality_cap\u003d720\u0026html5_autoplay_default_quality_cap\u003d0\u0026html5_auxiliary_estimate_weight\u003d0.0\u0026html5_av1_ordinal_cap\u003d0\u0026html5_bandaid_attach_content_po_token\u003dtrue\u0026html5_block_pip_safari_delay\u003d0\u0026html5_bypass_contention_secs\u003d0.0\u0026html5_byterate_soft_cap\u003d0\u0026html5_check_for_idle_network_interval_ms\u003d1000\u0026html5_chipset_soft_cap\u003d8192\u0026html5_consume_all_buffered_bytes_one_poll\u003dtrue\u0026html5_continuous_goodput_probe_interval_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_cuepoint_list_clear_on_seek\u003dtrue\u0026html5_d6de4_cloud_project_number\u003d868618676952\u0026html5_d6de4_defer_timeout_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_debug_data_log_probability\u003d0.0\u0026html5_decode_to_texture_cap\u003dtrue\u0026html5_default_ad_gain\u003d0.5\u0026html5_default_av1_threshold\u003d0\u0026html5_default_quality_cap\u003d0\u0026html5_defer_fetch_att_ms\u003d1000\u0026html5_delayed_retry_count\u003d1\u0026html5_delayed_retry_delay_ms\u003d5000\u0026html5_deprecate_adservice\u003dtrue\u0026html5_deprecate_manifestful_fallback\u003dtrue\u0026html5_deprecate_video_tag_pool\u003dtrue\u0026html5_desktop_vr180_allow_panning\u003dtrue\u0026html5_df_downgrade_thresh\u003d0.6\u0026html5_disable_bandwidth_cofactors_for_sabr_live\u003dtrue\u0026html5_disable_client_autonav_cap_for_onesie\u003dtrue\u0026html5_disable_loop_range_for_shorts_ads\u003dtrue\u0026html5_disable_move_pssh_to_moov\u003dtrue\u0026html5_disable_non_contiguous\u003dtrue\u0026html5_disable_peak_shave_for_onesie\u003dtrue\u0026html5_disable_ustreamer_constraint_for_sabr\u003dtrue\u0026html5_disable_web_safari_dai\u003dtrue\u0026html5_dispatch_tracklist_loaded_event\u003dtrue\u0026html5_displayed_frame_rate_downgrade_threshold\u003d45\u0026html5_drm_byterate_soft_cap\u003d0\u0026html5_drm_check_all_key_error_states\u003dtrue\u0026html5_drm_cpi_license_key\u003dtrue\u0026html5_drm_live_byterate_soft_cap\u003d0\u0026html5_early_media_for_sharper_shorts\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_ac3\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_audio_track_stickiness\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_audio_track_stickiness_phase_two\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_bandaid_error_screen\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_caption_changes_for_mosaic\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_composite_embargo\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_d6de4\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_d6de4_cold_start_and_error\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_d6de4_idle_priority_job\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_drc\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_drc_toggle_api\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_eac3\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_embedded_player_visibility_signals\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_encrypted_av1\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_media_serving_enforcement\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_media_serving_enforcement_when_has_preroll_ad\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_oduc\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_po_token_live_caption\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_progress_bar_slide_seek_logging\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_sabr_context_from_ump\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_sabr_drm_vod_streaming_xhr\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_sabr_format_selection\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_sabr_from_watch_server\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_sabr_host_fallback\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_sabr_ssdai_streaming_xhr\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_sabr_vod_streaming_xhr\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_server_driven_request_cancellation\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_sps_rebuffer_logs\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_sps_retry_backoff_metadata_requests\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_ssdai_transition_with_only_enter_cuerange\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_triggering_cuepoint_for_slot\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_tvos_dash\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_tvos_encrypted_vp9\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_voice_boost\u003dtrue\u0026html5_encourage_array_coalescing\u003dtrue\u0026html5_export_sodar_snapshot\u003dtrue\u0026html5_fill_default_mosaic_audio_track_id\u003dtrue\u0026html5_fix_drm_license_constraint_for_tv_and_onesie\u003dtrue\u0026html5_fix_multi_audio_offline_playback\u003dtrue\u0026html5_fixed_media_duration_for_request\u003d0\u0026html5_flush_index_on_updated_timestamp_offset\u003dtrue\u0026html5_force_sabr_from_watch_server_for_dfss\u003dtrue\u0026html5_forward_click_tracking_params_on_reload\u003dtrue\u0026html5_gapless_ad_autoplay_on_video_to_ad_only\u003dtrue\u0026html5_gapless_ended_transition_buffer_ms\u003d200\u0026html5_gapless_handoff_close_end_long_rebuffer_cfl\u003dtrue\u0026html5_gapless_handoff_close_end_long_rebuffer_delay_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_gapless_loop_seek_offset_in_milli\u003d0\u0026html5_gapless_slow_seek_cfl\u003dtrue\u0026html5_gapless_slow_seek_delay_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_gapless_slow_start_delay_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_generate_content_po_token\u003dtrue\u0026html5_generate_session_po_token\u003dtrue\u0026html5_gl_fps_threshold\u003d0\u0026html5_hard_cap_max_vertical_resolution_for_shorts\u003d0\u0026html5_hdcp_probing_stream_url\u003d\u0026html5_head_miss_secs\u003d0.0\u0026html5_hfr_quality_cap\u003d0\u0026html5_high_res_logging_percent\u003d0.01\u0026html5_high_res_seek_logging\u003dtrue\u0026html5_honor_caption_availabilities_in_audio_track\u003dtrue\u0026html5_hopeless_secs\u003d0\u0026html5_huli_ssdai_use_playback_state\u003dtrue\u0026html5_idle_rate_limit_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_ignore_partial_segment_from_live_readahead\u003dtrue\u0026html5_ignore_sabrseek_during_adskip\u003dtrue\u0026html5_innertube_heartbeats_for_fairplay\u003dtrue\u0026html5_innertube_heartbeats_for_playready\u003dtrue\u0026html5_innertube_heartbeats_for_widevine\u003dtrue\u0026html5_jumbo_mobile_subsegment_readahead_target\u003d3.0\u0026html5_jumbo_ull_nonstreaming_mffa_ms\u003d4000\u0026html5_jumbo_ull_subsegment_readahead_target\u003d1.3\u0026html5_kabuki_drm_live_51_default_off\u003dtrue\u0026html5_license_constraint_delay\u003d5000\u0026html5_live_abr_head_miss_fraction\u003d0.0\u0026html5_live_abr_repredict_fraction\u003d0.0\u0026html5_live_chunk_readahead_proxima_override\u003d0\u0026html5_live_head_playable\u003dtrue\u0026html5_live_low_latency_bandwidth_window\u003d0.0\u0026html5_live_normal_latency_bandwidth_window\u003d0.0\u0026html5_live_quality_cap\u003d0\u0026html5_live_ultra_low_latency_bandwidth_window\u003d0.0\u0026html5_liveness_drift_chunk_override\u003d0\u0026html5_liveness_drift_proxima_override\u003d0\u0026html5_log_audio_abr\u003dtrue\u0026html5_log_experiment_id_from_player_response_to_ctmp\u003d\u0026html5_log_first_ssdai_requests_killswitch\u003dtrue\u0026html5_log_rebuffer_events\u003d5\u0026html5_log_trigger_events_with_debug_data\u003dtrue\u0026html5_log_vss_extra_lr_cparams_freq\u003d\u0026html5_long_rebuffer_jiggle_cmt_delay_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_long_rebuffer_threshold_ms\u003d30000\u0026html5_manifestless_unplugged\u003dtrue\u0026html5_manifestless_vp9_otf\u003dtrue\u0026html5_max_buffer_health_for_downgrade_prop\u003d0.0\u0026html5_max_buffer_health_for_downgrade_secs\u003d0.0\u0026html5_max_byterate\u003d0\u0026html5_max_discontinuity_rewrite_count\u003d0\u0026html5_max_drift_per_track_secs\u003d0.0\u0026html5_max_headm_for_streaming_xhr\u003d0\u0026html5_max_live_dvr_window_plus_margin_secs\u003d46800.0\u0026html5_max_quality_sel_upgrade\u003d0\u0026html5_max_redirect_response_length\u003d8192\u0026html5_max_selectable_quality_ordinal\u003d0\u0026html5_max_vertical_resolution\u003d0\u0026html5_maximum_readahead_seconds\u003d0.0\u0026html5_media_fullscreen\u003dtrue\u0026html5_media_time_weight\u003dtrue\u0026html5_media_time_weight_prop\u003d0.0\u0026html5_min_failures_to_delay_retry\u003d3\u0026html5_min_media_duration_for_append_prop\u003d0.0\u0026html5_min_media_duration_for_cabr_slice\u003d0.01\u0026html5_min_playback_advance_for_steady_state_secs\u003d0\u0026html5_min_quality_ordinal\u003d0\u0026html5_min_readbehind_cap_secs\u003d60\u0026html5_min_readbehind_secs\u003d0\u0026html5_min_seconds_between_format_selections\u003d0.0\u0026html5_min_selectable_quality_ordinal\u003d0\u0026html5_min_startup_buffered_media_duration_for_live_secs\u003d0.0\u0026html5_min_startup_buffered_media_duration_secs\u003d1.2\u0026html5_min_startup_duration_live_secs\u003d0.25\u0026html5_min_underrun_buffered_pre_steady_state_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_min_upgrade_health_secs\u003d0.0\u0026html5_minimum_readahead_seconds\u003d0.0\u0026html5_mock_content_binding_for_session_token\u003d\u0026html5_move_disable_airplay\u003dtrue\u0026html5_no_placeholder_rollbacks\u003dtrue\u0026html5_non_onesie_attach_po_token\u003dtrue\u0026html5_offline_download_timeout_retry_limit\u003d4\u0026html5_offline_failure_retry_limit\u003d2\u0026html5_offline_playback_position_sync\u003dtrue\u0026html5_offline_prevent_redownload_downloaded_video\u003dtrue\u0026html5_onesie_audio_only_playback\u003dtrue\u0026html5_onesie_check_timeout\u003dtrue\u0026html5_onesie_defer_content_loader_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_onesie_live_ttl_secs\u003d8\u0026html5_onesie_prewarm_interval_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_onesie_prewarm_max_lact_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_onesie_redirector_timeout_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_onesie_send_streamer_context\u003dtrue\u0026html5_onesie_use_signed_onesie_ustreamer_config\u003dtrue\u0026html5_override_micro_discontinuities_threshold_ms\u003d-1\u0026html5_paced_poll_min_health_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_paced_poll_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_pause_on_nonforeground_platform_errors\u003dtrue\u0026html5_peak_shave\u003dtrue\u0026html5_perf_cap_override_sticky\u003dtrue\u0026html5_performance_cap_floor\u003d360\u0026html5_perserve_av1_perf_cap\u003dtrue\u0026html5_picture_in_picture_logging_onresize_ratio\u003d0.0\u0026html5_platform_max_buffer_health_oversend_duration_secs\u003d0.0\u0026html5_platform_minimum_readahead_seconds\u003d0.0\u0026html5_platform_whitelisted_for_frame_accurate_seeks\u003dtrue\u0026html5_player_att_initial_delay_ms\u003d1000\u0026html5_player_att_retry_delay_ms\u003d1500\u0026html5_player_autonav_logging\u003dtrue\u0026html5_player_dynamic_bottom_gradient\u003dtrue\u0026html5_player_es6\u003dtrue\u0026html5_player_min_build_cl\u003d-1\u0026html5_player_preload_ad_fix\u003dtrue\u0026html5_post_interrupt_readahead\u003d20\u0026html5_prefer_language_over_codec\u003dtrue\u0026html5_prefer_server_bwe3\u003dtrue\u0026html5_preload_before_initial_seek_with_sabr\u003dtrue\u0026html5_preload_wait_time_secs\u003d0.0\u0026html5_prevent_mobile_background_play_on_event_shared\u003dtrue\u0026html5_probe_primary_delay_base_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_process_all_encrypted_events\u003dtrue\u0026html5_qoe_proto_mock_length\u003d0\u0026html5_query_sw_secure_crypto_for_android\u003dtrue\u0026html5_random_playback_cap\u003d0\u0026html5_recognize_predict_start_cue_point\u003dtrue\u0026html5_record_is_offline_on_playback_attempt_start\u003dtrue\u0026html5_record_ump_timing\u003dtrue\u0026html5_reload_by_kabuki_app\u003dtrue\u0026html5_remove_command_triggered_companions\u003dtrue\u0026html5_remove_not_servable_check_killswitch\u003dtrue\u0026html5_remove_ssdai_append_pause\u003dtrue\u0026html5_report_fatal_drm_restricted_error_killswitch\u003dtrue\u0026html5_report_slow_ads_as_error\u003dtrue\u0026html5_repredict_interval_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_request_only_hdr_or_sdr_keys\u003dtrue\u0026html5_request_size_max_kb\u003d0\u0026html5_request_size_min_kb\u003d0\u0026html5_reseek_after_time_jump_cfl\u003dtrue\u0026html5_reseek_after_time_jump_delay_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_resource_bad_status_delay_scaling\u003d1.5\u0026html5_restrict_streaming_xhr_on_sqless_requests\u003dtrue\u0026html5_retry_downloads_for_expiration\u003dtrue\u0026html5_retry_on_drm_key_error\u003dtrue\u0026html5_retry_on_drm_unavailable\u003dtrue\u0026html5_retry_quota_exceeded_via_seek\u003dtrue\u0026html5_return_playback_if_already_preloaded\u003dtrue\u0026html5_sabr_enable_server_xtag_selection\u003dtrue\u0026html5_sabr_fetch_on_idle_network_preloaded_players\u003dtrue\u0026html5_sabr_force_max_network_interruption_duration_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_sabr_ignore_skipad_before_completion\u003dtrue\u0026html5_sabr_live_drm_streaming_xhr\u003dtrue\u0026html5_sabr_live_low_latency_streaming_xhr\u003dtrue\u0026html5_sabr_live_normal_latency_streaming_xhr\u003dtrue\u0026html5_sabr_live_timing\u003dtrue\u0026html5_sabr_live_ultra_low_latency_streaming_xhr\u003dtrue\u0026html5_sabr_log_server_xtag_selection_onesie_mismatch\u003dtrue\u0026html5_sabr_min_media_bytes_factor_to_append_for_stream\u003d0.0\u0026html5_sabr_non_streaming_xhr_soft_cap\u003d0\u0026html5_sabr_non_streaming_xhr_vod_request_cancellation_timeout_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_sabr_remove_all_quality_constraints_for_drm_traffic\u003dtrue\u0026html5_sabr_report_partial_segment_estimated_duration\u003dtrue\u0026html5_sabr_report_request_cancellation_info\u003dtrue\u0026html5_sabr_request_limit_per_period\u003d20\u0026html5_sabr_seek_no_shift_tolerance\u003dtrue\u0026html5_sabr_skip_client_audio_init_selection\u003dtrue\u0026html5_sabr_unused_bloat_size_bytes\u003d0\u0026html5_samsung_kant_limit_max_bitrate\u003d0\u0026html5_seek_jiggle_cmt_delay_ms\u003d8000\u0026html5_seek_new_elem_delay_ms\u003d12000\u0026html5_seek_new_elem_shorts_delay_ms\u003d2000\u0026html5_seek_new_media_element_shorts_reuse_cfl\u003dtrue\u0026html5_seek_new_media_element_shorts_reuse_delay_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_seek_new_media_source_shorts_reuse_cfl\u003dtrue\u0026html5_seek_new_media_source_shorts_reuse_delay_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_seek_set_cmt_delay_ms\u003d2000\u0026html5_seek_timeout_delay_ms\u003d20000\u0026html5_send_cuepoint_id_in_ad_break_request\u003dtrue\u0026html5_send_serialized_one_time_qoe_context_data\u003dtrue\u0026html5_serve_start_seconds_seek_for_post_live_sabr\u003dtrue\u0026html5_server_stitched_dai_decorated_url_retry_limit\u003d5\u0026html5_server_stitched_dai_group\u003dtrue\u0026html5_session_po_token_interval_time_ms\u003d900000\u0026html5_set_video_id_as_expected_content_binding\u003dtrue\u0026html5_shorts_gapless_ad_slow_start_cfl\u003dtrue\u0026html5_shorts_gapless_ad_slow_start_delay_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_shorts_gapless_next_buffer_in_seconds\u003d0\u0026html5_shorts_gapless_no_gllat\u003dtrue\u0026html5_shorts_gapless_slow_start_delay_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_show_drc_toggle\u003dtrue\u0026html5_simplified_backup_timeout_sabr_live\u003dtrue\u0026html5_skip_empty_po_token\u003dtrue\u0026html5_skip_slow_ad_delay_ms\u003d15000\u0026html5_slow_start_no_media_source_delay_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_slow_start_timeout_delay_ms\u003d20000\u0026html5_ssdai_clear_backoff_on_cuepoint_list_resolved\u003dtrue\u0026html5_ssdai_enable_media_end_cue_range\u003dtrue\u0026html5_ssdai_enable_new_seek_logic\u003dtrue\u0026html5_ssdai_failure_retry_limit\u003d0\u0026html5_ssdai_log_missing_ad_config_reason\u003dtrue\u0026html5_stall_factor\u003d0.0\u0026html5_sticky_duration_mos\u003d0\u0026html5_store_xhr_headers_readable\u003dtrue\u0026html5_streaming_resilience\u003dtrue\u0026html5_streaming_xhr_time_based_consolidation_ms\u003d-1\u0026html5_subsegment_readahead_load_speed_check_interval\u003d0.5\u0026html5_subsegment_readahead_min_buffer_health_secs\u003d0.25\u0026html5_subsegment_readahead_min_buffer_health_secs_on_timeout\u003d0.1\u0026html5_subsegment_readahead_min_load_speed\u003d1.5\u0026html5_subsegment_readahead_seek_latency_fudge\u003d0.5\u0026html5_subsegment_readahead_target_buffer_health_secs\u003d0.5\u0026html5_subsegment_readahead_timeout_secs\u003d2.0\u0026html5_track_overshoot\u003dtrue\u0026html5_transfer_processing_logs_interval\u003d1000\u0026html5_trigger_loader_when_idle_network\u003dtrue\u0026html5_ugc_live_audio_51\u003dtrue\u0026html5_ugc_vod_audio_51\u003dtrue\u0026html5_unreported_seek_reseek_delay_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_update_time_on_seeked\u003dtrue\u0026html5_use_date_now_for_local_storage\u003dtrue\u0026html5_use_init_selected_audio\u003dtrue\u0026html5_use_jsonformatter_to_parse_player_response\u003dtrue\u0026html5_use_non_active_broadcast_for_post_live\u003dtrue\u0026html5_use_post_for_media\u003dtrue\u0026html5_use_shared_owl_instance\u003dtrue\u0026html5_use_ump\u003dtrue\u0026html5_use_ump_request_slicer\u003dtrue\u0026html5_use_ump_timing\u003dtrue\u0026html5_use_video_quality_cap_for_ustreamer_constraint\u003dtrue\u0026html5_use_video_transition_endpoint_heartbeat\u003dtrue\u0026html5_video_tbd_min_kb\u003d0\u0026html5_viewport_undersend_maximum\u003d0.0\u0026html5_volume_slider_tooltip\u003dtrue\u0026html5_web_po_experiment_ids\u003d[]\u0026html5_web_po_request_key\u003d\u0026html5_web_po_token_disable_caching\u003dtrue\u0026html5_webpo_idle_priority_job\u003dtrue\u0026html5_webpo_kaios_defer_timeout_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_woffle_resume\u003dtrue\u0026html5_workaround_delay_trigger\u003dtrue\u0026idb_immediate_commit\u003dtrue\u0026ignore_overlapping_cue_points_on_endemic_live_html5\u003dtrue\u0026il_attach_cache_limit\u003dtrue\u0026il_payload_scraping\u003d\u0026il_use_view_model_logging_context\u003dtrue\u0026initial_gel_batch_timeout\u003d2000\u0026injected_license_handler_error_code\u003d0\u0026injected_license_handler_license_status\u003d0\u0026ios_and_android_fresca_polling_delay_override\u003d0\u0026itdrm_always_generate_media_keys\u003dtrue\u0026itdrm_always_use_widevine_sdk\u003dtrue\u0026itdrm_disable_external_key_rotation_system_ids\u003d[]\u0026itdrm_enable_revocation_reporting\u003dtrue\u0026itdrm_injected_license_service_error_code\u003d0\u0026itdrm_set_sabr_license_constraint\u003dtrue\u0026itdrm_use_fairplay_sdk\u003dtrue\u0026itdrm_use_widevine_sdk_for_premium_content\u003dtrue\u0026itdrm_use_widevine_sdk_only_for_sampled_dod\u003dtrue\u0026itdrm_widevine_hardened_vmp_mode\u003dlog\u0026json_condensed_response\u003dtrue\u0026kevlar_command_handler_command_banlist\u003d[]\u0026kevlar_delhi_modern_web_endscreen_ideal_tile_width_percentage\u003d0.27\u0026kevlar_delhi_modern_web_endscreen_max_rows\u003d2\u0026kevlar_delhi_modern_web_endscreen_max_width\u003d500\u0026kevlar_delhi_modern_web_endscreen_min_width\u003d200\u0026kevlar_gel_error_routing\u003dtrue\u0026kevlar_miniplayer_expand_top\u003dtrue\u0026kevlar_miniplayer_play_pause_on_scrim\u003dtrue\u0026kevlar_playback_associated_queue\u003dtrue\u0026kevlar_use_wil_icons\u003dtrue\u0026kevlar_vimio_use_shared_monitor\u003dtrue\u0026kevlar_woffle\u003dtrue\u0026launch_license_service_all_ott_videos_automatic_fail_open\u003dtrue\u0026limit_ytcsi_debug_array_size\u003dtrue\u0026live_chat_enable_rta_manager\u003dtrue\u0026live_chunk_readahead\u003d3\u0026log_click_with_layer_from_element_in_command_handler\u003dtrue\u0026log_gel_compression_latency\u003dtrue\u0026log_heartbeat_with_lifecycles\u003dtrue\u0026log_ssdai_decoration_failure_if_missing_ad_break_status\u003dtrue\u0026log_window_onerror_fraction\u003d0.1\u0026manifestless_post_live\u003dtrue\u0026manifestless_post_live_ufph\u003dtrue\u0026max_body_size_to_compress\u003d500000\u0026max_cdfe_quality_ordinal\u003d0\u0026max_prefetch_window_sec_for_livestream_optimization\u003d10\u0026max_resolution_for_white_noise\u003d360\u0026mdx_enable_privacy_disclosure_ui\u003dtrue\u0026mdx_load_cast_api_bootstrap_script\u003dtrue\u0026migrate_remaining_web_ad_badges_to_innertube\u003dtrue\u0026min_prefetch_offset_sec_for_livestream_optimization\u003d20\u0026mta_drc_mutual_exclusion_removal\u003dtrue\u0026music_enable_shared_audio_tier_logic\u003dtrue\u0026mweb_account_linking_noapp\u003dtrue\u0026mweb_enable_click_to_play_pause\u003dtrue\u0026mweb_enable_fine_scrubbing_for_recs\u003dtrue\u0026mweb_enable_more_chunks\u003dtrue\u0026mweb_native_control_in_faux_fullscreen_shared\u003dtrue\u0026mweb_player_control_on_hover\u003dtrue\u0026mweb_progress_bar_seek_on_mouse_click\u003dtrue\u0026mweb_shorts_comments_panel_id_change\u003dtrue\u0026network_polling_interval\u003d30000\u0026networkless_logging\u003dtrue\u0026new_codecs_string_api_uses_legacy_style\u003dtrue\u0026no_drm_on_demand_with_cc_license\u003dtrue\u0026no_filler_video_for_ssa_playbacks\u003dtrue\u0026offline_error_handling\u003dtrue\u0026onesie_add_gfe_frontline_to_player_request\u003dtrue\u0026onesie_enable_override_headm\u003dtrue\u0026override_drm_required_playback_policy_channels\u003d[]\u0026pageid_as_header_web\u003dtrue\u0026par_at_ep\u003dtrue\u0026pdg_enable_creator_goals_animations\u003dtrue\u0026player_ads_set_adformat_on_client\u003dtrue\u0026player_bootstrap_method\u003dtrue\u0026player_controls_volume_controls_use_player_props\u003dtrue\u0026player_destroy_old_version\u003dtrue\u0026player_doubletap_to_seek\u003dtrue\u0026player_enable_playback_playlist_change\u003dtrue\u0026player_new_info_card_format\u003dtrue\u0026player_underlay_min_player_width\u003d768.0\u0026player_underlay_video_width_fraction\u003d0.6\u0026player_web_canary\u003dtrue\u0026player_web_canary_stage\u003d3\u0026player_web_is_canary\u003dtrue\u0026playready_first_play_expiration\u003d-1\u0026podcasts_videostats_default_flush_interval_seconds\u003d0\u0026polymer_bad_build_labels\u003dtrue\u0026polymer_verifiy_app_state\u003dtrue\u0026populate_format_set_info_in_cdfe_formats\u003dtrue\u0026populate_head_minus_in_watch_server\u003dtrue\u0026preskip_button_style_ads_backend\u003dcountdown_next_to_thumbnail\u0026proxima_auto_threshold_max_network_interruption_duration_ms\u003d0\u0026proxima_auto_threshold_min_bandwidth_estimate_bytes_per_sec\u003d0\u0026qoe_nwl_downloads\u003dtrue\u0026qoe_send_and_write\u003dtrue\u0026quality_cap_for_inline_non_app_ads\u003d0\u0026quality_cap_for_inline_playback\u003d0\u0026quality_cap_for_inline_playback_ads\u003d0\u0026read_ahead_model_name\u003d\u0026record_app_crashed_web\u003dtrue\u0026refactor_mta_default_track_selection\u003dtrue\u0026reject_hidden_live_formats\u003dtrue\u0026reject_live_vp9_mq_clear_with_no_abr_ladder\u003dtrue\u0026remove_chevron_from_ad_disclosure_banner_h5\u003dtrue\u0026remove_masthead_channel_banner_on_refresh\u003dtrue\u0026remove_slot_id_exited_trigger_for_dai_in_player_slot_expire\u003dtrue\u0026replace_playability_retriever_in_watch\u003dtrue\u0026return_drm_product_unknown_for_clear_playbacks\u003dtrue\u0026sabr_enable_host_fallback\u003dtrue\u0026self_podding_header_string_template\u003dself_podding_interstitial_message\u0026self_podding_midroll_choice_string_template\u003dself_podding_midroll_choice\u0026send_config_hash_timer\u003d0\u0026serve_adaptive_fmts_for_live_streams\u003dtrue\u0026set_interstitial_advertisers_question_text\u003dtrue\u0026set_mock_id_as_expected_content_binding\u003d\u0026shell_load_gcf\u003dtrue\u0026shorts_mode_to_player_api\u003dtrue\u0026should_attribute_to_watch_with_source\u003d[]\u0026should_clear_video_data_on_player_cued_unstarted\u003dtrue\u0026simply_embedded_enable_botguard\u003dtrue\u0026skip_ls_gel_retry\u003dtrue\u0026slow_compressions_before_abandon_count\u003d4\u0026small_avatars_for_comments\u003dtrue\u0026smart_skip_web_player_bar_min_hover_length_milliseconds\u003d1000\u0026smarter_ve_dedupping\u003dtrue\u0026speedmaster_cancellation_movement_dp\u003d10\u0026speedmaster_playback_rate\u003d2.0\u0026speedmaster_touch_activation_ms\u003d500\u0026sps_enable_antiscraping_rules\u003dtrue\u0026start_async_playability_lazy_dependencies\u003dtrue\u0026start_client_gcf\u003dtrue\u0026stop_handling_click_for_non_rendering_overlay_layout\u003dtrue\u0026streaming_data_emergency_itag_blacklist\u003d[]\u0026substitute_ad_cpn_macro_in_ssdai\u003dtrue\u0026suppress_error_204_logging\u003dtrue\u0026transport_use_scheduler\u003dtrue\u0026trim_adaptive_formats_signature_cipher_for_sabr_content\u003dtrue\u0026trim_adaptive_formats_url_for_media_barrier\u003dtrue\u0026tvhtml5_unplugged_preload_cache_size\u003d5\u0026use_cue_range_marker_position\u003dtrue\u0026use_event_time_ms_header\u003dtrue\u0026use_fifo_for_networkless\u003dtrue\u0026use_generated_media_keys_in_fairplay_requests\u003dtrue\u0026use_inlined_player_rpc\u003dtrue\u0026use_new_codecs_string_api\u003dtrue\u0026use_request_time_ms_header\u003dtrue\u0026use_rta_for_player\u003dtrue\u0026use_rta_for_player_hb\u003dtrue\u0026use_rta_only_for_player\u003dtrue\u0026use_session_based_sampling\u003dtrue\u0026use_simplified_remove_webm_rules\u003dtrue\u0026use_thumbnail_overlay_time_status_renderer_for_live_badge\u003dtrue\u0026use_video_playback_premium_signal\u003dtrue\u0026variable_buffer_timeout_ms\u003d0\u0026vp9_drm_live\u003dtrue\u0026vss_final_ping_send_and_write\u003dtrue\u0026vss_pings_using_networkless\u003dtrue\u0026vss_playback_use_send_and_write\u003dtrue\u0026web_add_footer_template_to_audio_track\u003dtrue\u0026web_api_url\u003dtrue\u0026web_attention_logging_scroll_throttle\u003d500.0\u0026web_big_boards\u003dtrue\u0026web_big_boards_enable_in_inline\u003dtrue\u0026web_big_boards_enable_in_miniplayer\u003dtrue\u0026web_button_view_model_non_nullish_data\u003dtrue\u0026web_button_vm_refactor_disabled\u003dtrue\u0026web_cinematic_watch_settings\u003dtrue\u0026web_client_version_override\u003d\u0026web_collect_offline_state\u003dtrue\u0026web_csi_action_sampling_enabled\u003dtrue\u0026web_csi_debug_sample_enabled\u003dtrue\u0026web_dedupe_ve_grafting\u003dtrue\u0026web_disable_chip_view_model_mutation\u003dtrue\u0026web_enable_ab_rsp_cl\u003dtrue\u0026web_enable_course_icon_update\u003dtrue\u0026web_enable_entity_upsert_on_update\u003dtrue\u0026web_enable_error_204\u003dtrue\u0026web_enable_keyboard_shortcut_for_timely_actions\u003dtrue\u0026web_enable_shopping_timely_shelf_client\u003dtrue\u0026web_enable_speedmaster\u003dtrue\u0026web_enable_timely_actions\u003dtrue\u0026web_enable_varispeed_panel\u003dtrue\u0026web_fix_fine_scrubbing_false_play\u003dtrue\u0026web_foreground_heartbeat_interval_ms\u003d28000\u0026web_forward_command_on_pbj\u003dtrue\u0026web_fullscreen_shorts\u003dtrue\u0026web_gcf_hashes_innertube\u003dtrue\u0026web_gel_debounce_ms\u003d60000\u0026web_gel_timeout_cap\u003dtrue\u0026web_heat_map_v2\u003dtrue\u0026web_hide_next_button\u003dtrue\u0026web_hide_watch_info_empty\u003dtrue\u0026web_hide_your_data_on_automotive\u003dtrue\u0026web_infocards_teaser_show_logging_fix\u003dtrue\u0026web_key_moments_markers\u003dtrue\u0026web_l3_storyboard\u003dtrue\u0026web_load_prediction_threshold\u003d0.3\u0026web_log_memory_total_kbytes\u003dtrue\u0026web_logging_max_batch\u003d150\u0026web_max_tracing_events\u003d50\u0026web_modern_buttons\u003dtrue\u0026web_navigation_prediction_threshold\u003d0.1\u0026web_new_autonav_countdown\u003dtrue\u0026web_op_signal_type_banlist\u003d[]\u0026web_playback_associated_log_ctt\u003dtrue\u0026web_playback_associated_ve\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_api_logging_fraction\u003d0.01\u0026web_player_autonav_use_server_provided_state\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_big_mode_screen_width_cutoff\u003d4001\u0026web_player_default_peeking_px\u003d0\u0026web_player_delhi_dtts\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_enable_featured_product_banner_exclusives_on_desktop\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_enable_featured_product_banner_promotion_text_on_desktop\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_enable_fullscreen_grid_components\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_enable_premium_hbr_in_h5_api\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_enable_premium_hbr_playback_cap\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_frosted_glass_blur_radius\u003d16\u0026web_player_frosted_glass_blur_radius_float\u003d16.0\u0026web_player_grid_natural_scroll\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_innertube_playlist_update\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_invisible_fullscreen_button\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_ipp_canary_type_for_logging\u003dexperiment\u0026web_player_log_click_before_generating_ve_conversion_params\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_miniplayer_in_context_menu\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_mouse_idle_wait_time_ms\u003d3000\u0026web_player_move_autonav_toggle\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_music_visualizer_treatment\u003dfake\u0026web_player_nitrate_promo_tooltip\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_offline_playlist_auto_refresh\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_overlay_positioned_layout\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_pip_logging_fix\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_playable_sequences_refactor\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_pt_tt\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_quick_hide_timeout_ms\u003d250\u0026web_player_rtr_ctrls\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_seek_chapters_by_shortcut\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_seek_overlay_additional_arrow_threshold\u003d200\u0026web_player_seek_overlay_duration_bump_scale\u003d0.9\u0026web_player_seek_overlay_linger_duration\u003d1000\u0026web_player_sentinel_is_uniplayer\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_show_music_in_this_video_graphic\u003dvideo_thumbnail\u0026web_player_spacebar_control_bugfix\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_ss_dai_ad_fetching_timeout_ms\u003d15000\u0026web_player_ss_media_time_offset\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_touch_idle_wait_time_ms\u003d4000\u0026web_player_transfer_timeout_threshold_ms\u003d10800000\u0026web_player_updated_entrypoint\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_use_cinematic_label_2\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_use_new_api_for_quality_pullback\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_use_screen_width_for_big_mode\u003dtrue\u0026web_prefetch_preload_video\u003dtrue\u0026web_progress_bar_draggable\u003dtrue\u0026web_remix_allow_up_to_3x_playback_rate\u003dtrue\u0026web_remove_broken_subscribe_endscreen\u003dtrue\u0026web_reset_lact_on_media_actions\u003dtrue\u0026web_session_replay_send_after_timeout\u003d0\u0026web_settings_menu_icons\u003dtrue\u0026web_settings_menu_surface_custom_playback\u003dtrue\u0026web_settings_use_input_slider\u003dtrue\u0026web_shorts_audio_track_picker\u003dtrue\u0026web_sleep_timer\u003dtrue\u0026web_speedmaster_spacebar_control\u003dtrue\u0026web_tracing_enabled_spans\u003d[event, command]\u0026web_tracing_session_replay\u003d0\u0026web_watch_enable_fs_squeezeback_panels\u003dtrue\u0026webpo_exit_on_net_err\u003dtrue\u0026wil_icon_max_concurrent_fetches\u003d9999\u0026wil_icon_render_when_idle\u003dtrue\u0026wiz_diff_overwritable\u003dtrue\u0026wiz_wrapper_callback_props_fix\u003dtrue\u0026woffle_enable_download_status\u003dtrue\u0026woffle_orchestration\u003dtrue\u0026write_reload_player_response_token_to_ustreamer_config_for_vod\u003dtrue\u0026ws_av1_max_height_floor\u003d0\u0026ws_av1_max_width_floor\u003d0\u0026ws_use_centralized_hqa_filter\u003dtrue\u0026wug_networking_gzip_request\u003dtrue\u0026ytcsi_debug_max_size\u003d100\u0026ytidb_remake_db_retries\u003d3\u0026ytidb_reopen_db_retries\u003d3\u0026ytidb_transaction_ended_event_rate_limit\u003d0.02","hideInfo":true,"startMuted":true,"enableMutedAutoplay":true,"cspNonce":"1FEbiaPymPRwluOaunvWMg","canaryState":"canary","enableCsiLogging":true,"csiPageType":"channels","datasyncId":"V0afcd696||","canaryStage":"MEDIUM","trustedJsUrl":{"privateDoNotAccessOrElseTrustedResourceUrlWrappedValue":"/s/player/bcd88ad3/player_es6.vflset/en_US/base.js"},"trustedCssUrl":{"privateDoNotAccessOrElseTrustedResourceUrlWrappedValue":"/s/player/bcd88ad3/www-player.css"},"serializedClientExperimentFlags":"45713225\u003d0\u002645718175\u003d0.0\u002645718176\u003d0.0\u002645725538\u003d0.0\u002645725539\u003d0.0\u002645725540\u003d0.0\u002645725541\u003d0.0\u002645725542\u003d0.0\u002645725543\u003d0.0\u002645728334\u003d0.0\u002645728572\u003dtrue\u002645729215\u003dtrue\u002645732704\u003dtrue\u002645732791\u003dtrue\u002645735428\u003d4000.0\u002645737488\u003d0.0\u002645737489\u003d0.0\u002645739023\u003d0.0\u002645741339\u003d0.0\u002645741773\u003d0.0\u002645743228\u003d0.0\u002645746966\u003d0.0\u002645746967\u003d0.0\u002645747053\u003d0.0\u002645750947\u003d10240\u002645756201\u003dtrue\u002645756872\u003d0.0\u002645757426\u003d0.0\u002645757427\u003d0.0\u002645757750\u003d0.0\u002645757957\u003d0.0\u002645758467\u003d0.0\u002645760018\u003dtrue\u002645761760\u003d200\u002645762838\u003d0\u002645764217\u003d0.0\u002645764252\u003d0.0\u002645764523\u003d0.0\u002645764524\u003d0.0\u002645764593\u003d0.0\u002645765077\u003dtrue\u002645765568\u003d0.0\u002645765602\u003d0.0\u002645767763\u003d0.0\u002645767943\u003d0.0\u002645768340\u003d0.0\u002645768430\u003d0.0\u002645769119\u003dtrue\u002645769214\u003d0.0\u002645770001\u003d0.0\u002645770002\u003d0.0\u002645770135\u003dtrue\u002645771890\u003d0.0\u002645773603\u003d0.0\u002645773604\u003d0.0\u002645775791\u003d0.0\u002645775792\u003d0.0\u002645778663\u003d0.0\u002645778671\u003d0.0"},"WEB_PLAYER_CONTEXT_CONFIG_ID_KEVLAR_SHORTS":{"rootElementId":"shorts-player","jsUrl":"/s/player/bcd88ad3/player_es6.vflset/en_US/base.js","cssUrl":"/s/player/bcd88ad3/www-player.css","contextId":"WEB_PLAYER_CONTEXT_CONFIG_ID_KEVLAR_SHORTS","eventLabel":"shortspage","contentRegion":"NP","hl":"en_US","hostLanguage":"en","playerStyle":"desktop-polymer","innertubeApiKey":"AIzaSyAO_FJ2SlqU8Q4STEHLGCilw_Y9_11qcW8","innertubeApiVersion":"v1","innertubeContextClientVersion":"2.20260424.01.00","controlsType":0,"disableKeyboardControls":true,"disableRelatedVideos":true,"annotationsLoadPolicy":3,"device":{"brand":"apple","model":"","browser":"Chrome","browserVersion":"124.0.0.0","os":"Macintosh","osVersion":"10_15_7","platform":"DESKTOP","interfaceName":"WEB","interfaceVersion":"2.20260424.01.00"},"serializedExperimentIds":"24004644,24499534,39325854,51010235,51063643,51072748,51095478,51098299,51204329,51222973,51300176,51300241,51314158,51340662,51349914,51353393,51366423,51389629,51459470,51467676,51470301,51472205,51490331,51505436,51530495,51534669,51547388,51565116,51578633,51583821,51605258,51609829,51619706,51620867,51622845,51635955,51638932,51646450,51648336,51672162,51681662,51683502,51684560,51698285,51705976,51708061,51713176,51715023,51717747,51719112,51720353,51729218,51740148,51742377,51763897,51774882,51784587,51798928,51801292,51802233,51803128,51803199,51803587,51804539,51807293,51811903,51819635,51820067,51829421,51839674,51839732,51841270,51844842,51847710,51849664,51851862,51855288,51856590,51866874,51866997,51869208,51876388,51881461,51885343,51887880,51889002,51890561,51892086,51893373,51899026,51908397","serializedExperimentFlags":"H5_async_logging_delay_ms\u003d30000.0\u0026a11y_h5_associate_survey_question\u003dtrue\u0026ab_det_apb_b\u003dtrue\u0026ab_det_apm\u003dtrue\u0026ab_det_el_h\u003dtrue\u0026action_companion_center_align_description\u003dtrue\u0026ad_pod_disable_companion_persist_ads_quality\u003dtrue\u0026add_stmp_logs_for_voice_boost\u003dtrue\u0026allow_autohide_on_paused_videos\u003dtrue\u0026allow_drm_override\u003dtrue\u0026allow_live_autoplay\u003dtrue\u0026allow_poltergust_autoplay\u003dtrue\u0026allow_skip_networkless\u003dtrue\u0026allow_vb_audio_formats\u003dtrue\u0026allow_vb_audio_formats_with_mta\u003dtrue\u0026allow_vp9_1080p_mq_enc\u003dtrue\u0026always_cache_redirect_endpoint\u003dtrue\u0026annotation_module_vast_cards_load_logging_fraction\u003d0.0\u0026assign_drm_family_by_format\u003dtrue\u0026att_web_record_metrics\u003dtrue\u0026attach_experiment_propagation_context_to_config\u003dtrue\u0026attention_logging_scroll_throttle\u003d500.0\u0026attmusi\u003dtrue\u0026autoplay_time\u003d8000\u0026autoplay_time_for_fullscreen\u003d3000\u0026autoplay_time_for_music_content\u003d3000\u0026bg_st_hr\u003dtrue\u0026bg_vm_reinit_threshold\u003d7200000\u0026block_tvhtml5_simply_embedded\u003dtrue\u0026blocked_packages_for_sps\u003d[]\u0026botguard_async_snapshot_timeout_ms\u003d3000\u0026captions_url_add_ei\u003dtrue\u0026check_navigator_accuracy_timeout_ms\u003d0\u0026client_respect_autoplay_switch_button_renderer\u003dtrue\u0026client_ui_enable_multi_track_audio_on_web_embedded_player\u003dtrue\u0026compress_gel\u003dtrue\u0026compression_disable_point\u003d10\u0026cow_optimize_idom_compat\u003dtrue\u0026csi_on_gel\u003dtrue\u0026custom_active_view_tos_timeout_ms\u003d3600000\u0026dash_manifest_version\u003d5\u0026debug_bandaid_hostname\u003d\u0026debug_bandaid_port\u003d0\u0026debug_sherlog_username\u003d\u0026delhi_fast_follow_autonav_toggle\u003dtrue\u0026delhi_modern_player_default_thumbnail_percentage\u003d0.0\u0026delhi_modern_player_faster_autohide_delay_ms\u003d2000\u0026delhi_modern_player_pause_thumbnail_percentage\u003d0.6\u0026delhi_modern_web_player\u003dtrue\u0026delhi_modern_web_player_blending_mode\u003d\u0026delhi_modern_web_player_disable_frosted_glass\u003dtrue\u0026delhi_modern_web_player_horizontal_volume_controls\u003dtrue\u0026delhi_modern_web_player_icons\u003dtrue\u0026delhi_modern_web_player_lhs_volume_controls\u003dtrue\u0026delhi_modern_web_player_responsive_compact_controls_threshold\u003d4000\u0026delhi_web_player_use_external_playlist_panel\u003dtrue\u0026deprecate_22\u003dtrue\u0026deprecate_delay_ping\u003dtrue\u0026deprecate_pair_servlet_enabled\u003dtrue\u0026desktop_sparkles_light_cta_button\u003dtrue\u0026disable_av1_setting\u003dtrue\u0026disable_channel_id_check_for_suspended_channels\u003dtrue\u0026disable_child_node_auto_formatted_strings\u003dtrue\u0026disable_features_for_supex\u003dtrue\u0026disable_legacy_desktop_remote_queue\u003dtrue\u0026disable_lifa_for_supex_users\u003dtrue\u0026disable_log_to_visitor_layer\u003dtrue\u0026disable_mdx_connection_in_mdx_module_for_music_web\u003dtrue\u0026disable_pacf_logging_for_memory_limited_tv\u003dtrue\u0026disable_reel_item_watch_format_filtering\u003dtrue\u0026disable_ssdai_on_errors\u003dtrue\u0026disable_threegpp_progressive_formats\u003dtrue\u0026disable_touch_events_on_skip_button\u003dtrue\u0026duration_before_pause_ad_break_ms_for_system_pause\u003d0\u0026edge_encryption_fill_primary_key_version\u003dtrue\u0026embeds_desktoff_enable_ads_top_bar\u003dtrue\u0026embeds_desktop_enable_volume_slider\u003dtrue\u0026embeds_enable_embed_config_for_muted_autoplay\u003dtrue\u0026embeds_enable_innertube_store\u003dtrue\u0026embeds_enable_move_set_center_crop_to_public\u003dtrue\u0026embeds_enable_per_video_embed_config\u003dtrue\u0026embeds_web_lite_mode\u003d1\u0026enable_a11y_focus_fix_for_mac_panel_on_desktop\u003dtrue\u0026enable_access_code_service_rpc\u003dtrue\u0026enable_aci_on_lr_feeds\u003dtrue\u0026enable_active_view_display_ad_renderer_web_home\u003dtrue\u0026enable_active_view_lr_shorts_video\u003dtrue\u0026enable_active_view_web_shorts_video\u003dtrue\u0026enable_ad_cpn_macro_substitution_for_click_pings\u003dtrue\u0026enable_ad_disclosure_banner_a11y_fix\u003dtrue\u0026enable_antiscraping_web_player_expired\u003dtrue\u0026enable_app_promo_endcap_eml_on_tablet\u003dtrue\u0026enable_automotive_form_factor_check\u003dtrue\u0026enable_av1_for_svod\u003dtrue\u0026enable_batched_cross_device_pings_in_gel_fanout\u003dtrue\u0026enable_capability_format_filter_in_watch_server\u003dtrue\u0026enable_cast_for_web_unplugged\u003dtrue\u0026enable_cast_on_music_web\u003dtrue\u0026enable_centered_caption_for_tvfilm_video\u003dtrue\u0026enable_cipher_for_manifest_urls\u003dtrue\u0026enable_cleanup_masthead_autoplay_hack_fix\u003dtrue\u0026enable_client_page_id_header_for_first_party_pings\u003dtrue\u0026enable_client_sli_logging\u003dtrue\u0026enable_client_ve_spec\u003dtrue\u0026enable_cta_banner_on_unplugged_lr\u003dtrue\u0026enable_custom_playhead_parsing\u003dtrue\u0026enable_dai_sdf_h5_preroll\u003dtrue\u0026enable_datasync_id_header_in_web_vss_pings\u003dtrue\u0026enable_default_mono_cta_migration_web_client\u003dtrue\u0026enable_dsa_ad_badge_for_action_endcap_on_android\u003dtrue\u0026enable_dsa_ad_badge_for_action_endcap_on_ios\u003dtrue\u0026enable_entity_store_from_dependency_injection\u003dtrue\u0026enable_error_corrections_infocard\u003dtrue\u0026enable_error_corrections_infocard_web_client\u003dtrue\u0026enable_error_corrections_infocard_web_client_check\u003dtrue\u0026enable_error_corrections_infocards_icon_web\u003dtrue\u0026enable_gel_log_commands\u003dtrue\u0026enable_get_reminder_button_on_web\u003dtrue\u0026enable_handles_account_menu_switcher\u003dtrue\u0026enable_inline_muted_playback_on_web_search\u003dtrue\u0026enable_inline_muted_playback_on_web_search_for_vdc\u003dtrue\u0026enable_inline_muted_playback_on_web_search_for_vdcb\u003dtrue\u0026enable_kabuki_comments_on_shorts\u003ddisabled\u0026enable_key_press_seek_logging\u003dtrue\u0026enable_ltc_param_fetch_from_innertube\u003dtrue\u0026enable_mixed_direction_formatted_strings\u003dtrue\u0026enable_modern_skip_button_on_web\u003dtrue\u0026enable_mweb_keyboard_shortcuts\u003dtrue\u0026enable_new_paid_product_placement\u003dtrue\u0026enable_open_in_new_tab_icon_for_short_dr_for_desktop_search\u003dtrue\u0026enable_out_of_stock_text_all_surfaces\u003dtrue\u0026enable_paid_content_overlay_bugfix\u003dtrue\u0026enable_pause_ads_on_ytv_html5\u003dtrue\u0026enable_po_decoration_of_forced_tracks\u003dtrue\u0026enable_policy_based_hqa_filter_in_watch_server\u003dtrue\u0026enable_progres_commands_lr_feeds\u003dtrue\u0026enable_progress_commands_el_dai\u003dtrue\u0026enable_progress_commands_lr_shorts\u003dtrue\u0026enable_publishing_region_param_in_sus\u003dtrue\u0026enable_pv_screen_modern_text\u003dtrue\u0026enable_redirect_linking_for_desktop_web_client\u003dtrue\u0026enable_rpr_token_on_ltl_lookup\u003dtrue\u0026enable_sabr_snackbar_message\u003dtrue\u0026enable_screen_manager_layer_separation\u003dtrue\u0026enable_sdf_companion_h5\u003dtrue\u0026enable_sdf_dai_h5_midroll\u003dtrue\u0026enable_sdf_h5_endemic_mid_post_roll\u003dtrue\u0026enable_sdf_on_h5_unplugged_vod_midroll\u003dtrue\u0026enable_sdf_shorts_player_bytes_h5\u003dtrue\u0026enable_server_driven_abr\u003dtrue\u0026enable_server_driven_abr_for_backgroundable\u003dtrue\u0026enable_server_driven_abr_url_generation\u003dtrue\u0026enable_server_driven_readahead\u003dtrue\u0026enable_server_stitched_dai\u003dtrue\u0026enable_shorts_player\u003dtrue\u0026enable_skip_ad_guidance_prompt\u003dtrue\u0026enable_skip_to_next_messaging\u003dtrue\u0026enable_skippable_ads_for_unplugged_ad_pod\u003dtrue\u0026enable_smart_skip_player_controls_shown_on_web\u003dtrue\u0026enable_smart_skip_player_controls_shown_on_web_increased_triggering_sensitivity\u003dtrue\u0026enable_smart_skip_speedmaster_on_web\u003dtrue\u0026enable_smearing_expansion_dai\u003dtrue\u0026enable_split_screen_ad_baseline_experience_endemic_live_h5\u003dtrue\u0026enable_split_screen_ad_on_endemic_live_h5\u003dtrue\u0026enable_tectonic_ad_ux_for_halftime\u003dtrue\u0026enable_to_call_playready_backend_directly\u003dtrue\u0026enable_topsoil_wta_for_halftime_live_infra\u003dtrue\u0026enable_unified_action_endcap_on_web\u003dtrue\u0026enable_video_display_compact_button_group_for_desktop_search\u003dtrue\u0026enable_voice_boost_feature\u003dtrue\u0026enable_vp9_appletv5_on_server\u003dtrue\u0026enable_watch_server_rejected_formats_logging\u003dtrue\u0026enable_web_delhi_icons\u003dtrue\u0026enable_web_home_top_landscape_image_layout_level_click\u003dtrue\u0026enable_web_media_session_metadata_fix\u003dtrue\u0026enable_web_premium_varispeed\u003dtrue\u0026enable_web_premium_varispeed_upsell\u003dtrue\u0026enable_web_shorts_audio_track\u003dtrue\u0026enable_web_tiered_gel\u003dtrue\u0026enable_wiz_queue_effect_and_on_init_initial_runs\u003dtrue\u0026enable_wn_infocards\u003dtrue\u0026enable_yt_ata_iframe_authuser\u003dtrue\u0026enable_ytv_csdai_vp9\u003dtrue\u0026expand_mediatek_denylist_to_all_live_vp9_in_backend_experiment\u003d[]\u0026export_networkless_options\u003dtrue\u0026export_player_version_to_ytconfig\u003dtrue\u0026fetch_att_independently\u003dtrue\u0026fill_live_request_config_in_ustreamer_config\u003dtrue\u0026fill_single_video_with_notify_to_lasr\u003dtrue\u0026filter_vb_without_non_vb_equivalents\u003dtrue\u0026fix_ad_miniplayer_controls_rendering\u003dtrue\u0026fix_ads_tracking_for_swf_config_deprecation_mweb\u003dtrue\u0026fix_h5_toggle_button_a11y\u003dtrue\u0026fix_survey_color_contrast_on_destop\u003dtrue\u0026fresca_polling_delay_override\u003d0\u0026gab_return_sabr_ssdai_config\u003dtrue\u0026gel_min_batch_size\u003d3\u0026gel_queue_timeout_max_ms\u003d300000\u0026gvi_channel_client_screen\u003dtrue\u0026h5_companion_enable_adcpn_macro_substitution_for_click_pings\u003dtrue\u0026h5_enable_ad_mbs\u003dtrue\u0026h5_inplayer_enable_adcpn_macro_substitution_for_click_pings\u003dtrue\u0026h5_reset_cache_and_filter_before_update_masthead\u003dtrue\u0026hfr_dropped_framerate_fallback_threshold\u003d0\u0026high_ccv_client_side_caching_h5\u003dtrue\u0026hls_use_new_codecs_string_api\u003dtrue\u0026html5_account_for_underrun_advance_in_sabr\u003dtrue\u0026html5_ad_timeout_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_adaptation_step_count\u003d0\u0026html5_ads_preroll_lock_timeout_delay_ms\u003d15000\u0026html5_allow_multiview_tile_preload\u003dtrue\u0026html5_allow_preloading_with_idle_only_network_for_sabr\u003dtrue\u0026html5_allow_video_keyframe_without_audio\u003dtrue\u0026html5_apply_constraints_in_client_for_sabr\u003dtrue\u0026html5_apply_min_failures\u003dtrue\u0026html5_apply_start_time_within_ads_for_ssdai_transitions\u003dtrue\u0026html5_atr_disable_force_fallback\u003dtrue\u0026html5_att_playback_timeout_ms\u003d30000\u0026html5_attach_num_random_bytes_to_bandaid\u003d0\u0026html5_attach_po_token_to_bandaid\u003dtrue\u0026html5_autonav_cap_idle_secs\u003d0\u0026html5_autonav_quality_cap\u003d720\u0026html5_autoplay_default_quality_cap\u003d0\u0026html5_auxiliary_estimate_weight\u003d0.0\u0026html5_av1_ordinal_cap\u003d0\u0026html5_bandaid_attach_content_po_token\u003dtrue\u0026html5_block_pip_safari_delay\u003d0\u0026html5_bypass_contention_secs\u003d0.0\u0026html5_byterate_soft_cap\u003d0\u0026html5_check_for_idle_network_interval_ms\u003d1000\u0026html5_chipset_soft_cap\u003d8192\u0026html5_consume_all_buffered_bytes_one_poll\u003dtrue\u0026html5_continuous_goodput_probe_interval_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_cuepoint_list_clear_on_seek\u003dtrue\u0026html5_d6de4_cloud_project_number\u003d868618676952\u0026html5_d6de4_defer_timeout_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_debug_data_log_probability\u003d0.0\u0026html5_decode_to_texture_cap\u003dtrue\u0026html5_default_ad_gain\u003d0.5\u0026html5_default_av1_threshold\u003d0\u0026html5_default_quality_cap\u003d0\u0026html5_defer_fetch_att_ms\u003d1000\u0026html5_delayed_retry_count\u003d1\u0026html5_delayed_retry_delay_ms\u003d5000\u0026html5_deprecate_adservice\u003dtrue\u0026html5_deprecate_manifestful_fallback\u003dtrue\u0026html5_deprecate_video_tag_pool\u003dtrue\u0026html5_desktop_vr180_allow_panning\u003dtrue\u0026html5_df_downgrade_thresh\u003d0.6\u0026html5_disable_bandwidth_cofactors_for_sabr_live\u003dtrue\u0026html5_disable_client_autonav_cap_for_onesie\u003dtrue\u0026html5_disable_loop_range_for_shorts_ads\u003dtrue\u0026html5_disable_move_pssh_to_moov\u003dtrue\u0026html5_disable_non_contiguous\u003dtrue\u0026html5_disable_peak_shave_for_onesie\u003dtrue\u0026html5_disable_ustreamer_constraint_for_sabr\u003dtrue\u0026html5_disable_web_safari_dai\u003dtrue\u0026html5_dispatch_tracklist_loaded_event\u003dtrue\u0026html5_displayed_frame_rate_downgrade_threshold\u003d45\u0026html5_drm_byterate_soft_cap\u003d0\u0026html5_drm_check_all_key_error_states\u003dtrue\u0026html5_drm_cpi_license_key\u003dtrue\u0026html5_drm_live_byterate_soft_cap\u003d0\u0026html5_early_media_for_sharper_shorts\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_ac3\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_audio_track_stickiness\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_audio_track_stickiness_phase_two\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_bandaid_error_screen\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_caption_changes_for_mosaic\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_composite_embargo\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_d6de4\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_d6de4_cold_start_and_error\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_d6de4_idle_priority_job\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_drc\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_drc_toggle_api\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_eac3\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_embedded_player_visibility_signals\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_encrypted_av1\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_media_serving_enforcement\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_media_serving_enforcement_when_has_preroll_ad\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_oduc\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_po_token_live_caption\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_progress_bar_slide_seek_logging\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_sabr_context_from_ump\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_sabr_drm_vod_streaming_xhr\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_sabr_format_selection\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_sabr_from_watch_server\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_sabr_host_fallback\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_sabr_ssdai_streaming_xhr\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_sabr_vod_streaming_xhr\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_server_driven_request_cancellation\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_sps_rebuffer_logs\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_sps_retry_backoff_metadata_requests\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_ssdai_transition_with_only_enter_cuerange\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_triggering_cuepoint_for_slot\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_tvos_dash\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_tvos_encrypted_vp9\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_voice_boost\u003dtrue\u0026html5_encourage_array_coalescing\u003dtrue\u0026html5_export_sodar_snapshot\u003dtrue\u0026html5_fill_default_mosaic_audio_track_id\u003dtrue\u0026html5_fix_drm_license_constraint_for_tv_and_onesie\u003dtrue\u0026html5_fix_multi_audio_offline_playback\u003dtrue\u0026html5_fixed_media_duration_for_request\u003d0\u0026html5_flush_index_on_updated_timestamp_offset\u003dtrue\u0026html5_force_sabr_from_watch_server_for_dfss\u003dtrue\u0026html5_forward_click_tracking_params_on_reload\u003dtrue\u0026html5_gapless_ad_autoplay_on_video_to_ad_only\u003dtrue\u0026html5_gapless_ended_transition_buffer_ms\u003d200\u0026html5_gapless_handoff_close_end_long_rebuffer_cfl\u003dtrue\u0026html5_gapless_handoff_close_end_long_rebuffer_delay_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_gapless_loop_seek_offset_in_milli\u003d0\u0026html5_gapless_slow_seek_cfl\u003dtrue\u0026html5_gapless_slow_seek_delay_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_gapless_slow_start_delay_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_generate_content_po_token\u003dtrue\u0026html5_generate_session_po_token\u003dtrue\u0026html5_gl_fps_threshold\u003d0\u0026html5_hard_cap_max_vertical_resolution_for_shorts\u003d0\u0026html5_hdcp_probing_stream_url\u003d\u0026html5_head_miss_secs\u003d0.0\u0026html5_hfr_quality_cap\u003d0\u0026html5_high_res_logging_percent\u003d0.01\u0026html5_high_res_seek_logging\u003dtrue\u0026html5_honor_caption_availabilities_in_audio_track\u003dtrue\u0026html5_hopeless_secs\u003d0\u0026html5_huli_ssdai_use_playback_state\u003dtrue\u0026html5_idle_rate_limit_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_ignore_partial_segment_from_live_readahead\u003dtrue\u0026html5_ignore_sabrseek_during_adskip\u003dtrue\u0026html5_innertube_heartbeats_for_fairplay\u003dtrue\u0026html5_innertube_heartbeats_for_playready\u003dtrue\u0026html5_innertube_heartbeats_for_widevine\u003dtrue\u0026html5_jumbo_mobile_subsegment_readahead_target\u003d3.0\u0026html5_jumbo_ull_nonstreaming_mffa_ms\u003d4000\u0026html5_jumbo_ull_subsegment_readahead_target\u003d1.3\u0026html5_kabuki_drm_live_51_default_off\u003dtrue\u0026html5_license_constraint_delay\u003d5000\u0026html5_live_abr_head_miss_fraction\u003d0.0\u0026html5_live_abr_repredict_fraction\u003d0.0\u0026html5_live_chunk_readahead_proxima_override\u003d0\u0026html5_live_head_playable\u003dtrue\u0026html5_live_low_latency_bandwidth_window\u003d0.0\u0026html5_live_normal_latency_bandwidth_window\u003d0.0\u0026html5_live_quality_cap\u003d0\u0026html5_live_ultra_low_latency_bandwidth_window\u003d0.0\u0026html5_liveness_drift_chunk_override\u003d0\u0026html5_liveness_drift_proxima_override\u003d0\u0026html5_log_audio_abr\u003dtrue\u0026html5_log_experiment_id_from_player_response_to_ctmp\u003d\u0026html5_log_first_ssdai_requests_killswitch\u003dtrue\u0026html5_log_rebuffer_events\u003d5\u0026html5_log_trigger_events_with_debug_data\u003dtrue\u0026html5_log_vss_extra_lr_cparams_freq\u003d\u0026html5_long_rebuffer_jiggle_cmt_delay_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_long_rebuffer_threshold_ms\u003d30000\u0026html5_manifestless_unplugged\u003dtrue\u0026html5_manifestless_vp9_otf\u003dtrue\u0026html5_max_buffer_health_for_downgrade_prop\u003d0.0\u0026html5_max_buffer_health_for_downgrade_secs\u003d0.0\u0026html5_max_byterate\u003d0\u0026html5_max_discontinuity_rewrite_count\u003d0\u0026html5_max_drift_per_track_secs\u003d0.0\u0026html5_max_headm_for_streaming_xhr\u003d0\u0026html5_max_live_dvr_window_plus_margin_secs\u003d46800.0\u0026html5_max_quality_sel_upgrade\u003d0\u0026html5_max_redirect_response_length\u003d8192\u0026html5_max_selectable_quality_ordinal\u003d0\u0026html5_max_vertical_resolution\u003d0\u0026html5_maximum_readahead_seconds\u003d0.0\u0026html5_media_fullscreen\u003dtrue\u0026html5_media_time_weight\u003dtrue\u0026html5_media_time_weight_prop\u003d0.0\u0026html5_min_failures_to_delay_retry\u003d3\u0026html5_min_media_duration_for_append_prop\u003d0.0\u0026html5_min_media_duration_for_cabr_slice\u003d0.01\u0026html5_min_playback_advance_for_steady_state_secs\u003d0\u0026html5_min_quality_ordinal\u003d0\u0026html5_min_readbehind_cap_secs\u003d60\u0026html5_min_readbehind_secs\u003d0\u0026html5_min_seconds_between_format_selections\u003d0.0\u0026html5_min_selectable_quality_ordinal\u003d0\u0026html5_min_startup_buffered_media_duration_for_live_secs\u003d0.0\u0026html5_min_startup_buffered_media_duration_secs\u003d1.2\u0026html5_min_startup_duration_live_secs\u003d0.25\u0026html5_min_underrun_buffered_pre_steady_state_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_min_upgrade_health_secs\u003d0.0\u0026html5_minimum_readahead_seconds\u003d0.0\u0026html5_mock_content_binding_for_session_token\u003d\u0026html5_move_disable_airplay\u003dtrue\u0026html5_no_placeholder_rollbacks\u003dtrue\u0026html5_non_onesie_attach_po_token\u003dtrue\u0026html5_offline_download_timeout_retry_limit\u003d4\u0026html5_offline_failure_retry_limit\u003d2\u0026html5_offline_playback_position_sync\u003dtrue\u0026html5_offline_prevent_redownload_downloaded_video\u003dtrue\u0026html5_onesie_audio_only_playback\u003dtrue\u0026html5_onesie_check_timeout\u003dtrue\u0026html5_onesie_defer_content_loader_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_onesie_live_ttl_secs\u003d8\u0026html5_onesie_prewarm_interval_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_onesie_prewarm_max_lact_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_onesie_redirector_timeout_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_onesie_send_streamer_context\u003dtrue\u0026html5_onesie_use_signed_onesie_ustreamer_config\u003dtrue\u0026html5_override_micro_discontinuities_threshold_ms\u003d-1\u0026html5_paced_poll_min_health_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_paced_poll_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_pause_on_nonforeground_platform_errors\u003dtrue\u0026html5_peak_shave\u003dtrue\u0026html5_perf_cap_override_sticky\u003dtrue\u0026html5_performance_cap_floor\u003d360\u0026html5_perserve_av1_perf_cap\u003dtrue\u0026html5_picture_in_picture_logging_onresize_ratio\u003d0.0\u0026html5_platform_max_buffer_health_oversend_duration_secs\u003d0.0\u0026html5_platform_minimum_readahead_seconds\u003d0.0\u0026html5_platform_whitelisted_for_frame_accurate_seeks\u003dtrue\u0026html5_player_att_initial_delay_ms\u003d1000\u0026html5_player_att_retry_delay_ms\u003d1500\u0026html5_player_autonav_logging\u003dtrue\u0026html5_player_dynamic_bottom_gradient\u003dtrue\u0026html5_player_es6\u003dtrue\u0026html5_player_min_build_cl\u003d-1\u0026html5_player_preload_ad_fix\u003dtrue\u0026html5_post_interrupt_readahead\u003d20\u0026html5_prefer_language_over_codec\u003dtrue\u0026html5_prefer_server_bwe3\u003dtrue\u0026html5_preload_before_initial_seek_with_sabr\u003dtrue\u0026html5_preload_wait_time_secs\u003d0.0\u0026html5_prevent_mobile_background_play_on_event_shared\u003dtrue\u0026html5_probe_primary_delay_base_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_process_all_encrypted_events\u003dtrue\u0026html5_qoe_proto_mock_length\u003d0\u0026html5_query_sw_secure_crypto_for_android\u003dtrue\u0026html5_random_playback_cap\u003d0\u0026html5_recognize_predict_start_cue_point\u003dtrue\u0026html5_record_is_offline_on_playback_attempt_start\u003dtrue\u0026html5_record_ump_timing\u003dtrue\u0026html5_reload_by_kabuki_app\u003dtrue\u0026html5_remove_command_triggered_companions\u003dtrue\u0026html5_remove_not_servable_check_killswitch\u003dtrue\u0026html5_remove_ssdai_append_pause\u003dtrue\u0026html5_report_fatal_drm_restricted_error_killswitch\u003dtrue\u0026html5_report_slow_ads_as_error\u003dtrue\u0026html5_repredict_interval_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_request_only_hdr_or_sdr_keys\u003dtrue\u0026html5_request_size_max_kb\u003d0\u0026html5_request_size_min_kb\u003d0\u0026html5_reseek_after_time_jump_cfl\u003dtrue\u0026html5_reseek_after_time_jump_delay_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_resource_bad_status_delay_scaling\u003d1.5\u0026html5_restrict_streaming_xhr_on_sqless_requests\u003dtrue\u0026html5_retry_downloads_for_expiration\u003dtrue\u0026html5_retry_on_drm_key_error\u003dtrue\u0026html5_retry_on_drm_unavailable\u003dtrue\u0026html5_retry_quota_exceeded_via_seek\u003dtrue\u0026html5_return_playback_if_already_preloaded\u003dtrue\u0026html5_sabr_enable_server_xtag_selection\u003dtrue\u0026html5_sabr_fetch_on_idle_network_preloaded_players\u003dtrue\u0026html5_sabr_force_max_network_interruption_duration_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_sabr_ignore_skipad_before_completion\u003dtrue\u0026html5_sabr_live_drm_streaming_xhr\u003dtrue\u0026html5_sabr_live_low_latency_streaming_xhr\u003dtrue\u0026html5_sabr_live_normal_latency_streaming_xhr\u003dtrue\u0026html5_sabr_live_timing\u003dtrue\u0026html5_sabr_live_ultra_low_latency_streaming_xhr\u003dtrue\u0026html5_sabr_log_server_xtag_selection_onesie_mismatch\u003dtrue\u0026html5_sabr_min_media_bytes_factor_to_append_for_stream\u003d0.0\u0026html5_sabr_non_streaming_xhr_soft_cap\u003d0\u0026html5_sabr_non_streaming_xhr_vod_request_cancellation_timeout_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_sabr_remove_all_quality_constraints_for_drm_traffic\u003dtrue\u0026html5_sabr_report_partial_segment_estimated_duration\u003dtrue\u0026html5_sabr_report_request_cancellation_info\u003dtrue\u0026html5_sabr_request_limit_per_period\u003d20\u0026html5_sabr_seek_no_shift_tolerance\u003dtrue\u0026html5_sabr_skip_client_audio_init_selection\u003dtrue\u0026html5_sabr_unused_bloat_size_bytes\u003d0\u0026html5_samsung_kant_limit_max_bitrate\u003d0\u0026html5_seek_jiggle_cmt_delay_ms\u003d8000\u0026html5_seek_new_elem_delay_ms\u003d12000\u0026html5_seek_new_elem_shorts_delay_ms\u003d2000\u0026html5_seek_new_media_element_shorts_reuse_cfl\u003dtrue\u0026html5_seek_new_media_element_shorts_reuse_delay_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_seek_new_media_source_shorts_reuse_cfl\u003dtrue\u0026html5_seek_new_media_source_shorts_reuse_delay_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_seek_set_cmt_delay_ms\u003d2000\u0026html5_seek_timeout_delay_ms\u003d20000\u0026html5_send_cuepoint_id_in_ad_break_request\u003dtrue\u0026html5_send_serialized_one_time_qoe_context_data\u003dtrue\u0026html5_serve_start_seconds_seek_for_post_live_sabr\u003dtrue\u0026html5_server_stitched_dai_decorated_url_retry_limit\u003d5\u0026html5_server_stitched_dai_group\u003dtrue\u0026html5_session_po_token_interval_time_ms\u003d900000\u0026html5_set_video_id_as_expected_content_binding\u003dtrue\u0026html5_shorts_gapless_ad_slow_start_cfl\u003dtrue\u0026html5_shorts_gapless_ad_slow_start_delay_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_shorts_gapless_next_buffer_in_seconds\u003d0\u0026html5_shorts_gapless_no_gllat\u003dtrue\u0026html5_shorts_gapless_slow_start_delay_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_show_drc_toggle\u003dtrue\u0026html5_simplified_backup_timeout_sabr_live\u003dtrue\u0026html5_skip_empty_po_token\u003dtrue\u0026html5_skip_slow_ad_delay_ms\u003d15000\u0026html5_slow_start_no_media_source_delay_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_slow_start_timeout_delay_ms\u003d20000\u0026html5_ssdai_clear_backoff_on_cuepoint_list_resolved\u003dtrue\u0026html5_ssdai_enable_media_end_cue_range\u003dtrue\u0026html5_ssdai_enable_new_seek_logic\u003dtrue\u0026html5_ssdai_failure_retry_limit\u003d0\u0026html5_ssdai_log_missing_ad_config_reason\u003dtrue\u0026html5_stall_factor\u003d0.0\u0026html5_sticky_duration_mos\u003d0\u0026html5_store_xhr_headers_readable\u003dtrue\u0026html5_streaming_resilience\u003dtrue\u0026html5_streaming_xhr_time_based_consolidation_ms\u003d-1\u0026html5_subsegment_readahead_load_speed_check_interval\u003d0.5\u0026html5_subsegment_readahead_min_buffer_health_secs\u003d0.25\u0026html5_subsegment_readahead_min_buffer_health_secs_on_timeout\u003d0.1\u0026html5_subsegment_readahead_min_load_speed\u003d1.5\u0026html5_subsegment_readahead_seek_latency_fudge\u003d0.5\u0026html5_subsegment_readahead_target_buffer_health_secs\u003d0.5\u0026html5_subsegment_readahead_timeout_secs\u003d2.0\u0026html5_track_overshoot\u003dtrue\u0026html5_transfer_processing_logs_interval\u003d1000\u0026html5_trigger_loader_when_idle_network\u003dtrue\u0026html5_ugc_live_audio_51\u003dtrue\u0026html5_ugc_vod_audio_51\u003dtrue\u0026html5_unreported_seek_reseek_delay_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_update_time_on_seeked\u003dtrue\u0026html5_use_date_now_for_local_storage\u003dtrue\u0026html5_use_init_selected_audio\u003dtrue\u0026html5_use_jsonformatter_to_parse_player_response\u003dtrue\u0026html5_use_non_active_broadcast_for_post_live\u003dtrue\u0026html5_use_post_for_media\u003dtrue\u0026html5_use_shared_owl_instance\u003dtrue\u0026html5_use_ump\u003dtrue\u0026html5_use_ump_request_slicer\u003dtrue\u0026html5_use_ump_timing\u003dtrue\u0026html5_use_video_quality_cap_for_ustreamer_constraint\u003dtrue\u0026html5_use_video_transition_endpoint_heartbeat\u003dtrue\u0026html5_video_tbd_min_kb\u003d0\u0026html5_viewport_undersend_maximum\u003d0.0\u0026html5_volume_slider_tooltip\u003dtrue\u0026html5_web_po_experiment_ids\u003d[]\u0026html5_web_po_request_key\u003d\u0026html5_web_po_token_disable_caching\u003dtrue\u0026html5_webpo_idle_priority_job\u003dtrue\u0026html5_webpo_kaios_defer_timeout_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_woffle_resume\u003dtrue\u0026html5_workaround_delay_trigger\u003dtrue\u0026idb_immediate_commit\u003dtrue\u0026ignore_overlapping_cue_points_on_endemic_live_html5\u003dtrue\u0026il_attach_cache_limit\u003dtrue\u0026il_payload_scraping\u003d\u0026il_use_view_model_logging_context\u003dtrue\u0026initial_gel_batch_timeout\u003d2000\u0026injected_license_handler_error_code\u003d0\u0026injected_license_handler_license_status\u003d0\u0026ios_and_android_fresca_polling_delay_override\u003d0\u0026itdrm_always_generate_media_keys\u003dtrue\u0026itdrm_always_use_widevine_sdk\u003dtrue\u0026itdrm_disable_external_key_rotation_system_ids\u003d[]\u0026itdrm_enable_revocation_reporting\u003dtrue\u0026itdrm_injected_license_service_error_code\u003d0\u0026itdrm_set_sabr_license_constraint\u003dtrue\u0026itdrm_use_fairplay_sdk\u003dtrue\u0026itdrm_use_widevine_sdk_for_premium_content\u003dtrue\u0026itdrm_use_widevine_sdk_only_for_sampled_dod\u003dtrue\u0026itdrm_widevine_hardened_vmp_mode\u003dlog\u0026json_condensed_response\u003dtrue\u0026kevlar_command_handler_command_banlist\u003d[]\u0026kevlar_delhi_modern_web_endscreen_ideal_tile_width_percentage\u003d0.27\u0026kevlar_delhi_modern_web_endscreen_max_rows\u003d2\u0026kevlar_delhi_modern_web_endscreen_max_width\u003d500\u0026kevlar_delhi_modern_web_endscreen_min_width\u003d200\u0026kevlar_gel_error_routing\u003dtrue\u0026kevlar_miniplayer_expand_top\u003dtrue\u0026kevlar_miniplayer_play_pause_on_scrim\u003dtrue\u0026kevlar_playback_associated_queue\u003dtrue\u0026kevlar_use_wil_icons\u003dtrue\u0026kevlar_vimio_use_shared_monitor\u003dtrue\u0026kevlar_woffle\u003dtrue\u0026launch_license_service_all_ott_videos_automatic_fail_open\u003dtrue\u0026limit_ytcsi_debug_array_size\u003dtrue\u0026live_chat_enable_rta_manager\u003dtrue\u0026live_chunk_readahead\u003d3\u0026log_click_with_layer_from_element_in_command_handler\u003dtrue\u0026log_gel_compression_latency\u003dtrue\u0026log_heartbeat_with_lifecycles\u003dtrue\u0026log_ssdai_decoration_failure_if_missing_ad_break_status\u003dtrue\u0026log_window_onerror_fraction\u003d0.1\u0026manifestless_post_live\u003dtrue\u0026manifestless_post_live_ufph\u003dtrue\u0026max_body_size_to_compress\u003d500000\u0026max_cdfe_quality_ordinal\u003d0\u0026max_prefetch_window_sec_for_livestream_optimization\u003d10\u0026max_resolution_for_white_noise\u003d360\u0026mdx_enable_privacy_disclosure_ui\u003dtrue\u0026mdx_load_cast_api_bootstrap_script\u003dtrue\u0026migrate_remaining_web_ad_badges_to_innertube\u003dtrue\u0026min_prefetch_offset_sec_for_livestream_optimization\u003d20\u0026mta_drc_mutual_exclusion_removal\u003dtrue\u0026music_enable_shared_audio_tier_logic\u003dtrue\u0026mweb_account_linking_noapp\u003dtrue\u0026mweb_enable_click_to_play_pause\u003dtrue\u0026mweb_enable_fine_scrubbing_for_recs\u003dtrue\u0026mweb_enable_more_chunks\u003dtrue\u0026mweb_native_control_in_faux_fullscreen_shared\u003dtrue\u0026mweb_player_control_on_hover\u003dtrue\u0026mweb_progress_bar_seek_on_mouse_click\u003dtrue\u0026mweb_shorts_comments_panel_id_change\u003dtrue\u0026network_polling_interval\u003d30000\u0026networkless_logging\u003dtrue\u0026new_codecs_string_api_uses_legacy_style\u003dtrue\u0026no_drm_on_demand_with_cc_license\u003dtrue\u0026no_filler_video_for_ssa_playbacks\u003dtrue\u0026offline_error_handling\u003dtrue\u0026onesie_add_gfe_frontline_to_player_request\u003dtrue\u0026onesie_enable_override_headm\u003dtrue\u0026override_drm_required_playback_policy_channels\u003d[]\u0026pageid_as_header_web\u003dtrue\u0026par_at_ep\u003dtrue\u0026pdg_enable_creator_goals_animations\u003dtrue\u0026player_ads_set_adformat_on_client\u003dtrue\u0026player_bootstrap_method\u003dtrue\u0026player_controls_volume_controls_use_player_props\u003dtrue\u0026player_destroy_old_version\u003dtrue\u0026player_doubletap_to_seek\u003dtrue\u0026player_enable_playback_playlist_change\u003dtrue\u0026player_new_info_card_format\u003dtrue\u0026player_underlay_min_player_width\u003d768.0\u0026player_underlay_video_width_fraction\u003d0.6\u0026player_web_canary\u003dtrue\u0026player_web_canary_stage\u003d3\u0026player_web_is_canary\u003dtrue\u0026playready_first_play_expiration\u003d-1\u0026podcasts_videostats_default_flush_interval_seconds\u003d0\u0026polymer_bad_build_labels\u003dtrue\u0026polymer_verifiy_app_state\u003dtrue\u0026populate_format_set_info_in_cdfe_formats\u003dtrue\u0026populate_head_minus_in_watch_server\u003dtrue\u0026preskip_button_style_ads_backend\u003dcountdown_next_to_thumbnail\u0026proxima_auto_threshold_max_network_interruption_duration_ms\u003d0\u0026proxima_auto_threshold_min_bandwidth_estimate_bytes_per_sec\u003d0\u0026qoe_nwl_downloads\u003dtrue\u0026qoe_send_and_write\u003dtrue\u0026quality_cap_for_inline_non_app_ads\u003d0\u0026quality_cap_for_inline_playback\u003d0\u0026quality_cap_for_inline_playback_ads\u003d0\u0026read_ahead_model_name\u003d\u0026record_app_crashed_web\u003dtrue\u0026refactor_mta_default_track_selection\u003dtrue\u0026reject_hidden_live_formats\u003dtrue\u0026reject_live_vp9_mq_clear_with_no_abr_ladder\u003dtrue\u0026remove_chevron_from_ad_disclosure_banner_h5\u003dtrue\u0026remove_masthead_channel_banner_on_refresh\u003dtrue\u0026remove_slot_id_exited_trigger_for_dai_in_player_slot_expire\u003dtrue\u0026replace_playability_retriever_in_watch\u003dtrue\u0026return_drm_product_unknown_for_clear_playbacks\u003dtrue\u0026sabr_enable_host_fallback\u003dtrue\u0026self_podding_header_string_template\u003dself_podding_interstitial_message\u0026self_podding_midroll_choice_string_template\u003dself_podding_midroll_choice\u0026send_config_hash_timer\u003d0\u0026serve_adaptive_fmts_for_live_streams\u003dtrue\u0026set_interstitial_advertisers_question_text\u003dtrue\u0026set_mock_id_as_expected_content_binding\u003d\u0026shell_load_gcf\u003dtrue\u0026shorts_mode_to_player_api\u003dtrue\u0026should_attribute_to_watch_with_source\u003d[]\u0026should_clear_video_data_on_player_cued_unstarted\u003dtrue\u0026simply_embedded_enable_botguard\u003dtrue\u0026skip_ls_gel_retry\u003dtrue\u0026slow_compressions_before_abandon_count\u003d4\u0026small_avatars_for_comments\u003dtrue\u0026smart_skip_web_player_bar_min_hover_length_milliseconds\u003d1000\u0026smarter_ve_dedupping\u003dtrue\u0026speedmaster_cancellation_movement_dp\u003d10\u0026speedmaster_playback_rate\u003d2.0\u0026speedmaster_touch_activation_ms\u003d500\u0026sps_enable_antiscraping_rules\u003dtrue\u0026start_async_playability_lazy_dependencies\u003dtrue\u0026start_client_gcf\u003dtrue\u0026stop_handling_click_for_non_rendering_overlay_layout\u003dtrue\u0026streaming_data_emergency_itag_blacklist\u003d[]\u0026substitute_ad_cpn_macro_in_ssdai\u003dtrue\u0026suppress_error_204_logging\u003dtrue\u0026transport_use_scheduler\u003dtrue\u0026trim_adaptive_formats_signature_cipher_for_sabr_content\u003dtrue\u0026trim_adaptive_formats_url_for_media_barrier\u003dtrue\u0026tvhtml5_unplugged_preload_cache_size\u003d5\u0026use_cue_range_marker_position\u003dtrue\u0026use_event_time_ms_header\u003dtrue\u0026use_fifo_for_networkless\u003dtrue\u0026use_generated_media_keys_in_fairplay_requests\u003dtrue\u0026use_inlined_player_rpc\u003dtrue\u0026use_new_codecs_string_api\u003dtrue\u0026use_request_time_ms_header\u003dtrue\u0026use_rta_for_player\u003dtrue\u0026use_rta_for_player_hb\u003dtrue\u0026use_rta_only_for_player\u003dtrue\u0026use_session_based_sampling\u003dtrue\u0026use_simplified_remove_webm_rules\u003dtrue\u0026use_thumbnail_overlay_time_status_renderer_for_live_badge\u003dtrue\u0026use_video_playback_premium_signal\u003dtrue\u0026variable_buffer_timeout_ms\u003d0\u0026vp9_drm_live\u003dtrue\u0026vss_final_ping_send_and_write\u003dtrue\u0026vss_pings_using_networkless\u003dtrue\u0026vss_playback_use_send_and_write\u003dtrue\u0026web_add_footer_template_to_audio_track\u003dtrue\u0026web_api_url\u003dtrue\u0026web_attention_logging_scroll_throttle\u003d500.0\u0026web_big_boards\u003dtrue\u0026web_big_boards_enable_in_inline\u003dtrue\u0026web_big_boards_enable_in_miniplayer\u003dtrue\u0026web_button_view_model_non_nullish_data\u003dtrue\u0026web_button_vm_refactor_disabled\u003dtrue\u0026web_cinematic_watch_settings\u003dtrue\u0026web_client_version_override\u003d\u0026web_collect_offline_state\u003dtrue\u0026web_csi_action_sampling_enabled\u003dtrue\u0026web_csi_debug_sample_enabled\u003dtrue\u0026web_dedupe_ve_grafting\u003dtrue\u0026web_disable_chip_view_model_mutation\u003dtrue\u0026web_enable_ab_rsp_cl\u003dtrue\u0026web_enable_course_icon_update\u003dtrue\u0026web_enable_entity_upsert_on_update\u003dtrue\u0026web_enable_error_204\u003dtrue\u0026web_enable_keyboard_shortcut_for_timely_actions\u003dtrue\u0026web_enable_shopping_timely_shelf_client\u003dtrue\u0026web_enable_speedmaster\u003dtrue\u0026web_enable_timely_actions\u003dtrue\u0026web_enable_varispeed_panel\u003dtrue\u0026web_fix_fine_scrubbing_false_play\u003dtrue\u0026web_foreground_heartbeat_interval_ms\u003d28000\u0026web_forward_command_on_pbj\u003dtrue\u0026web_fullscreen_shorts\u003dtrue\u0026web_gcf_hashes_innertube\u003dtrue\u0026web_gel_debounce_ms\u003d60000\u0026web_gel_timeout_cap\u003dtrue\u0026web_heat_map_v2\u003dtrue\u0026web_hide_next_button\u003dtrue\u0026web_hide_watch_info_empty\u003dtrue\u0026web_hide_your_data_on_automotive\u003dtrue\u0026web_infocards_teaser_show_logging_fix\u003dtrue\u0026web_key_moments_markers\u003dtrue\u0026web_l3_storyboard\u003dtrue\u0026web_load_prediction_threshold\u003d0.3\u0026web_log_memory_total_kbytes\u003dtrue\u0026web_logging_max_batch\u003d150\u0026web_max_tracing_events\u003d50\u0026web_modern_buttons\u003dtrue\u0026web_navigation_prediction_threshold\u003d0.1\u0026web_new_autonav_countdown\u003dtrue\u0026web_op_signal_type_banlist\u003d[]\u0026web_playback_associated_log_ctt\u003dtrue\u0026web_playback_associated_ve\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_api_logging_fraction\u003d0.01\u0026web_player_autonav_use_server_provided_state\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_big_mode_screen_width_cutoff\u003d4001\u0026web_player_default_peeking_px\u003d0\u0026web_player_delhi_dtts\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_enable_featured_product_banner_exclusives_on_desktop\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_enable_featured_product_banner_promotion_text_on_desktop\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_enable_fullscreen_grid_components\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_enable_premium_hbr_in_h5_api\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_enable_premium_hbr_playback_cap\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_frosted_glass_blur_radius\u003d16\u0026web_player_frosted_glass_blur_radius_float\u003d16.0\u0026web_player_grid_natural_scroll\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_innertube_playlist_update\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_invisible_fullscreen_button\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_ipp_canary_type_for_logging\u003dexperiment\u0026web_player_log_click_before_generating_ve_conversion_params\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_miniplayer_in_context_menu\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_mouse_idle_wait_time_ms\u003d3000\u0026web_player_move_autonav_toggle\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_music_visualizer_treatment\u003dfake\u0026web_player_nitrate_promo_tooltip\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_offline_playlist_auto_refresh\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_overlay_positioned_layout\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_pip_logging_fix\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_playable_sequences_refactor\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_pt_tt\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_quick_hide_timeout_ms\u003d250\u0026web_player_rtr_ctrls\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_seek_chapters_by_shortcut\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_seek_overlay_additional_arrow_threshold\u003d200\u0026web_player_seek_overlay_duration_bump_scale\u003d0.9\u0026web_player_seek_overlay_linger_duration\u003d1000\u0026web_player_sentinel_is_uniplayer\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_show_music_in_this_video_graphic\u003dvideo_thumbnail\u0026web_player_spacebar_control_bugfix\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_ss_dai_ad_fetching_timeout_ms\u003d15000\u0026web_player_ss_media_time_offset\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_touch_idle_wait_time_ms\u003d4000\u0026web_player_transfer_timeout_threshold_ms\u003d10800000\u0026web_player_updated_entrypoint\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_use_cinematic_label_2\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_use_new_api_for_quality_pullback\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_use_screen_width_for_big_mode\u003dtrue\u0026web_prefetch_preload_video\u003dtrue\u0026web_progress_bar_draggable\u003dtrue\u0026web_remix_allow_up_to_3x_playback_rate\u003dtrue\u0026web_remove_broken_subscribe_endscreen\u003dtrue\u0026web_reset_lact_on_media_actions\u003dtrue\u0026web_session_replay_send_after_timeout\u003d0\u0026web_settings_menu_icons\u003dtrue\u0026web_settings_menu_surface_custom_playback\u003dtrue\u0026web_settings_use_input_slider\u003dtrue\u0026web_shorts_audio_track_picker\u003dtrue\u0026web_sleep_timer\u003dtrue\u0026web_speedmaster_spacebar_control\u003dtrue\u0026web_tracing_enabled_spans\u003d[event, command]\u0026web_tracing_session_replay\u003d0\u0026web_watch_enable_fs_squeezeback_panels\u003dtrue\u0026webpo_exit_on_net_err\u003dtrue\u0026wil_icon_max_concurrent_fetches\u003d9999\u0026wil_icon_render_when_idle\u003dtrue\u0026wiz_diff_overwritable\u003dtrue\u0026wiz_wrapper_callback_props_fix\u003dtrue\u0026woffle_enable_download_status\u003dtrue\u0026woffle_orchestration\u003dtrue\u0026write_reload_player_response_token_to_ustreamer_config_for_vod\u003dtrue\u0026ws_av1_max_height_floor\u003d0\u0026ws_av1_max_width_floor\u003d0\u0026ws_use_centralized_hqa_filter\u003dtrue\u0026wug_networking_gzip_request\u003dtrue\u0026ytcsi_debug_max_size\u003d100\u0026ytidb_remake_db_retries\u003d3\u0026ytidb_reopen_db_retries\u003d3\u0026ytidb_transaction_ended_event_rate_limit\u003d0.02","hideInfo":true,"disableFullscreen":true,"cspNonce":"1FEbiaPymPRwluOaunvWMg","canaryState":"canary","enableCsiLogging":true,"datasyncId":"V0afcd696||","storeUserVolume":true,"disableSeek":true,"disablePaidContentOverlay":true,"preferGapless":true,"canaryStage":"MEDIUM","trustedJsUrl":{"privateDoNotAccessOrElseTrustedResourceUrlWrappedValue":"/s/player/bcd88ad3/player_es6.vflset/en_US/base.js"},"trustedCssUrl":{"privateDoNotAccessOrElseTrustedResourceUrlWrappedValue":"/s/player/bcd88ad3/www-player.css"},"serializedClientExperimentFlags":"45713225\u003d0\u002645718175\u003d0.0\u002645718176\u003d0.0\u002645725538\u003d0.0\u002645725539\u003d0.0\u002645725540\u003d0.0\u002645725541\u003d0.0\u002645725542\u003d0.0\u002645725543\u003d0.0\u002645728334\u003d0.0\u002645728572\u003dtrue\u002645729215\u003dtrue\u002645732704\u003dtrue\u002645732791\u003dtrue\u002645735428\u003d4000.0\u002645737488\u003d0.0\u002645737489\u003d0.0\u002645739023\u003d0.0\u002645741339\u003d0.0\u002645741773\u003d0.0\u002645743228\u003d0.0\u002645746966\u003d0.0\u002645746967\u003d0.0\u002645747053\u003d0.0\u002645750947\u003d10240\u002645756201\u003dtrue\u002645756872\u003d0.0\u002645757426\u003d0.0\u002645757427\u003d0.0\u002645757750\u003d0.0\u002645757957\u003d0.0\u002645758467\u003d0.0\u002645760018\u003dtrue\u002645761760\u003d200\u002645762838\u003d0\u002645764217\u003d0.0\u002645764252\u003d0.0\u002645764523\u003d0.0\u002645764524\u003d0.0\u002645764593\u003d0.0\u002645765077\u003dtrue\u002645765568\u003d0.0\u002645765602\u003d0.0\u002645767763\u003d0.0\u002645767943\u003d0.0\u002645768340\u003d0.0\u002645768430\u003d0.0\u002645769119\u003dtrue\u002645769214\u003d0.0\u002645770001\u003d0.0\u002645770002\u003d0.0\u002645770135\u003dtrue\u002645771890\u003d0.0\u002645773603\u003d0.0\u002645773604\u003d0.0\u002645775791\u003d0.0\u002645775792\u003d0.0\u002645778663\u003d0.0\u002645778671\u003d0.0"},"WEB_PLAYER_CONTEXT_CONFIG_ID_KEVLAR_SPONSORSHIPS_OFFER":{"rootElementId":"ytd-sponsorships-offer-with-video-renderer","jsUrl":"/s/player/bcd88ad3/player_es6.vflset/en_US/base.js","cssUrl":"/s/player/bcd88ad3/www-player.css","contextId":"WEB_PLAYER_CONTEXT_CONFIG_ID_KEVLAR_SPONSORSHIPS_OFFER","eventLabel":"sponsorshipsoffer","contentRegion":"NP","hl":"en_US","hostLanguage":"en","playerStyle":"desktop-polymer","innertubeApiKey":"AIzaSyAO_FJ2SlqU8Q4STEHLGCilw_Y9_11qcW8","innertubeApiVersion":"v1","innertubeContextClientVersion":"2.20260424.01.00","disableRelatedVideos":true,"annotationsLoadPolicy":3,"device":{"brand":"apple","model":"","browser":"Chrome","browserVersion":"124.0.0.0","os":"Macintosh","osVersion":"10_15_7","platform":"DESKTOP","interfaceName":"WEB","interfaceVersion":"2.20260424.01.00"},"serializedExperimentIds":"24004644,24499534,39325854,51010235,51063643,51072748,51095478,51098299,51204329,51222973,51300176,51300241,51314158,51340662,51349914,51353393,51366423,51389629,51459470,51467676,51470301,51472205,51490331,51505436,51530495,51534669,51547388,51565116,51578633,51583821,51605258,51609829,51619706,51620867,51622845,51635955,51638932,51646450,51648336,51672162,51681662,51683502,51684560,51698285,51705976,51708061,51713176,51715023,51717747,51719112,51720353,51729218,51740148,51742377,51763897,51774882,51784587,51798928,51801292,51802233,51803128,51803199,51803587,51804539,51807293,51811903,51819635,51820067,51829421,51839674,51839732,51841270,51844842,51847710,51849664,51851862,51855288,51856590,51866874,51866997,51869208,51876388,51881461,51885343,51887880,51889002,51890561,51892086,51893373,51899026,51908397","serializedExperimentFlags":"H5_async_logging_delay_ms\u003d30000.0\u0026a11y_h5_associate_survey_question\u003dtrue\u0026ab_det_apb_b\u003dtrue\u0026ab_det_apm\u003dtrue\u0026ab_det_el_h\u003dtrue\u0026action_companion_center_align_description\u003dtrue\u0026ad_pod_disable_companion_persist_ads_quality\u003dtrue\u0026add_stmp_logs_for_voice_boost\u003dtrue\u0026allow_autohide_on_paused_videos\u003dtrue\u0026allow_drm_override\u003dtrue\u0026allow_live_autoplay\u003dtrue\u0026allow_poltergust_autoplay\u003dtrue\u0026allow_skip_networkless\u003dtrue\u0026allow_vb_audio_formats\u003dtrue\u0026allow_vb_audio_formats_with_mta\u003dtrue\u0026allow_vp9_1080p_mq_enc\u003dtrue\u0026always_cache_redirect_endpoint\u003dtrue\u0026annotation_module_vast_cards_load_logging_fraction\u003d0.0\u0026assign_drm_family_by_format\u003dtrue\u0026att_web_record_metrics\u003dtrue\u0026attach_experiment_propagation_context_to_config\u003dtrue\u0026attention_logging_scroll_throttle\u003d500.0\u0026attmusi\u003dtrue\u0026autoplay_time\u003d8000\u0026autoplay_time_for_fullscreen\u003d3000\u0026autoplay_time_for_music_content\u003d3000\u0026bg_st_hr\u003dtrue\u0026bg_vm_reinit_threshold\u003d7200000\u0026block_tvhtml5_simply_embedded\u003dtrue\u0026blocked_packages_for_sps\u003d[]\u0026botguard_async_snapshot_timeout_ms\u003d3000\u0026captions_url_add_ei\u003dtrue\u0026check_navigator_accuracy_timeout_ms\u003d0\u0026client_respect_autoplay_switch_button_renderer\u003dtrue\u0026client_ui_enable_multi_track_audio_on_web_embedded_player\u003dtrue\u0026compress_gel\u003dtrue\u0026compression_disable_point\u003d10\u0026cow_optimize_idom_compat\u003dtrue\u0026csi_on_gel\u003dtrue\u0026custom_active_view_tos_timeout_ms\u003d3600000\u0026dash_manifest_version\u003d5\u0026debug_bandaid_hostname\u003d\u0026debug_bandaid_port\u003d0\u0026debug_sherlog_username\u003d\u0026delhi_fast_follow_autonav_toggle\u003dtrue\u0026delhi_modern_player_default_thumbnail_percentage\u003d0.0\u0026delhi_modern_player_faster_autohide_delay_ms\u003d2000\u0026delhi_modern_player_pause_thumbnail_percentage\u003d0.6\u0026delhi_modern_web_player\u003dtrue\u0026delhi_modern_web_player_blending_mode\u003d\u0026delhi_modern_web_player_disable_frosted_glass\u003dtrue\u0026delhi_modern_web_player_horizontal_volume_controls\u003dtrue\u0026delhi_modern_web_player_icons\u003dtrue\u0026delhi_modern_web_player_lhs_volume_controls\u003dtrue\u0026delhi_modern_web_player_responsive_compact_controls_threshold\u003d4000\u0026delhi_web_player_use_external_playlist_panel\u003dtrue\u0026deprecate_22\u003dtrue\u0026deprecate_delay_ping\u003dtrue\u0026deprecate_pair_servlet_enabled\u003dtrue\u0026desktop_sparkles_light_cta_button\u003dtrue\u0026disable_av1_setting\u003dtrue\u0026disable_channel_id_check_for_suspended_channels\u003dtrue\u0026disable_child_node_auto_formatted_strings\u003dtrue\u0026disable_features_for_supex\u003dtrue\u0026disable_legacy_desktop_remote_queue\u003dtrue\u0026disable_lifa_for_supex_users\u003dtrue\u0026disable_log_to_visitor_layer\u003dtrue\u0026disable_mdx_connection_in_mdx_module_for_music_web\u003dtrue\u0026disable_pacf_logging_for_memory_limited_tv\u003dtrue\u0026disable_reel_item_watch_format_filtering\u003dtrue\u0026disable_ssdai_on_errors\u003dtrue\u0026disable_threegpp_progressive_formats\u003dtrue\u0026disable_touch_events_on_skip_button\u003dtrue\u0026duration_before_pause_ad_break_ms_for_system_pause\u003d0\u0026edge_encryption_fill_primary_key_version\u003dtrue\u0026embeds_desktoff_enable_ads_top_bar\u003dtrue\u0026embeds_desktop_enable_volume_slider\u003dtrue\u0026embeds_enable_embed_config_for_muted_autoplay\u003dtrue\u0026embeds_enable_innertube_store\u003dtrue\u0026embeds_enable_move_set_center_crop_to_public\u003dtrue\u0026embeds_enable_per_video_embed_config\u003dtrue\u0026embeds_web_lite_mode\u003d1\u0026enable_a11y_focus_fix_for_mac_panel_on_desktop\u003dtrue\u0026enable_access_code_service_rpc\u003dtrue\u0026enable_aci_on_lr_feeds\u003dtrue\u0026enable_active_view_display_ad_renderer_web_home\u003dtrue\u0026enable_active_view_lr_shorts_video\u003dtrue\u0026enable_active_view_web_shorts_video\u003dtrue\u0026enable_ad_cpn_macro_substitution_for_click_pings\u003dtrue\u0026enable_ad_disclosure_banner_a11y_fix\u003dtrue\u0026enable_antiscraping_web_player_expired\u003dtrue\u0026enable_app_promo_endcap_eml_on_tablet\u003dtrue\u0026enable_automotive_form_factor_check\u003dtrue\u0026enable_av1_for_svod\u003dtrue\u0026enable_batched_cross_device_pings_in_gel_fanout\u003dtrue\u0026enable_capability_format_filter_in_watch_server\u003dtrue\u0026enable_cast_for_web_unplugged\u003dtrue\u0026enable_cast_on_music_web\u003dtrue\u0026enable_centered_caption_for_tvfilm_video\u003dtrue\u0026enable_cipher_for_manifest_urls\u003dtrue\u0026enable_cleanup_masthead_autoplay_hack_fix\u003dtrue\u0026enable_client_page_id_header_for_first_party_pings\u003dtrue\u0026enable_client_sli_logging\u003dtrue\u0026enable_client_ve_spec\u003dtrue\u0026enable_cta_banner_on_unplugged_lr\u003dtrue\u0026enable_custom_playhead_parsing\u003dtrue\u0026enable_dai_sdf_h5_preroll\u003dtrue\u0026enable_datasync_id_header_in_web_vss_pings\u003dtrue\u0026enable_default_mono_cta_migration_web_client\u003dtrue\u0026enable_dsa_ad_badge_for_action_endcap_on_android\u003dtrue\u0026enable_dsa_ad_badge_for_action_endcap_on_ios\u003dtrue\u0026enable_entity_store_from_dependency_injection\u003dtrue\u0026enable_error_corrections_infocard\u003dtrue\u0026enable_error_corrections_infocard_web_client\u003dtrue\u0026enable_error_corrections_infocard_web_client_check\u003dtrue\u0026enable_error_corrections_infocards_icon_web\u003dtrue\u0026enable_gel_log_commands\u003dtrue\u0026enable_get_reminder_button_on_web\u003dtrue\u0026enable_handles_account_menu_switcher\u003dtrue\u0026enable_inline_muted_playback_on_web_search\u003dtrue\u0026enable_inline_muted_playback_on_web_search_for_vdc\u003dtrue\u0026enable_inline_muted_playback_on_web_search_for_vdcb\u003dtrue\u0026enable_kabuki_comments_on_shorts\u003ddisabled\u0026enable_key_press_seek_logging\u003dtrue\u0026enable_ltc_param_fetch_from_innertube\u003dtrue\u0026enable_mixed_direction_formatted_strings\u003dtrue\u0026enable_modern_skip_button_on_web\u003dtrue\u0026enable_mweb_keyboard_shortcuts\u003dtrue\u0026enable_new_paid_product_placement\u003dtrue\u0026enable_open_in_new_tab_icon_for_short_dr_for_desktop_search\u003dtrue\u0026enable_out_of_stock_text_all_surfaces\u003dtrue\u0026enable_paid_content_overlay_bugfix\u003dtrue\u0026enable_pause_ads_on_ytv_html5\u003dtrue\u0026enable_po_decoration_of_forced_tracks\u003dtrue\u0026enable_policy_based_hqa_filter_in_watch_server\u003dtrue\u0026enable_progres_commands_lr_feeds\u003dtrue\u0026enable_progress_commands_el_dai\u003dtrue\u0026enable_progress_commands_lr_shorts\u003dtrue\u0026enable_publishing_region_param_in_sus\u003dtrue\u0026enable_pv_screen_modern_text\u003dtrue\u0026enable_redirect_linking_for_desktop_web_client\u003dtrue\u0026enable_rpr_token_on_ltl_lookup\u003dtrue\u0026enable_sabr_snackbar_message\u003dtrue\u0026enable_screen_manager_layer_separation\u003dtrue\u0026enable_sdf_companion_h5\u003dtrue\u0026enable_sdf_dai_h5_midroll\u003dtrue\u0026enable_sdf_h5_endemic_mid_post_roll\u003dtrue\u0026enable_sdf_on_h5_unplugged_vod_midroll\u003dtrue\u0026enable_sdf_shorts_player_bytes_h5\u003dtrue\u0026enable_server_driven_abr\u003dtrue\u0026enable_server_driven_abr_for_backgroundable\u003dtrue\u0026enable_server_driven_abr_url_generation\u003dtrue\u0026enable_server_driven_readahead\u003dtrue\u0026enable_server_stitched_dai\u003dtrue\u0026enable_shorts_player\u003dtrue\u0026enable_skip_ad_guidance_prompt\u003dtrue\u0026enable_skip_to_next_messaging\u003dtrue\u0026enable_skippable_ads_for_unplugged_ad_pod\u003dtrue\u0026enable_smart_skip_player_controls_shown_on_web\u003dtrue\u0026enable_smart_skip_player_controls_shown_on_web_increased_triggering_sensitivity\u003dtrue\u0026enable_smart_skip_speedmaster_on_web\u003dtrue\u0026enable_smearing_expansion_dai\u003dtrue\u0026enable_split_screen_ad_baseline_experience_endemic_live_h5\u003dtrue\u0026enable_split_screen_ad_on_endemic_live_h5\u003dtrue\u0026enable_tectonic_ad_ux_for_halftime\u003dtrue\u0026enable_to_call_playready_backend_directly\u003dtrue\u0026enable_topsoil_wta_for_halftime_live_infra\u003dtrue\u0026enable_unified_action_endcap_on_web\u003dtrue\u0026enable_video_display_compact_button_group_for_desktop_search\u003dtrue\u0026enable_voice_boost_feature\u003dtrue\u0026enable_vp9_appletv5_on_server\u003dtrue\u0026enable_watch_server_rejected_formats_logging\u003dtrue\u0026enable_web_delhi_icons\u003dtrue\u0026enable_web_home_top_landscape_image_layout_level_click\u003dtrue\u0026enable_web_media_session_metadata_fix\u003dtrue\u0026enable_web_premium_varispeed\u003dtrue\u0026enable_web_premium_varispeed_upsell\u003dtrue\u0026enable_web_shorts_audio_track\u003dtrue\u0026enable_web_tiered_gel\u003dtrue\u0026enable_wiz_queue_effect_and_on_init_initial_runs\u003dtrue\u0026enable_wn_infocards\u003dtrue\u0026enable_yt_ata_iframe_authuser\u003dtrue\u0026enable_ytv_csdai_vp9\u003dtrue\u0026expand_mediatek_denylist_to_all_live_vp9_in_backend_experiment\u003d[]\u0026export_networkless_options\u003dtrue\u0026export_player_version_to_ytconfig\u003dtrue\u0026fetch_att_independently\u003dtrue\u0026fill_live_request_config_in_ustreamer_config\u003dtrue\u0026fill_single_video_with_notify_to_lasr\u003dtrue\u0026filter_vb_without_non_vb_equivalents\u003dtrue\u0026fix_ad_miniplayer_controls_rendering\u003dtrue\u0026fix_ads_tracking_for_swf_config_deprecation_mweb\u003dtrue\u0026fix_h5_toggle_button_a11y\u003dtrue\u0026fix_survey_color_contrast_on_destop\u003dtrue\u0026fresca_polling_delay_override\u003d0\u0026gab_return_sabr_ssdai_config\u003dtrue\u0026gel_min_batch_size\u003d3\u0026gel_queue_timeout_max_ms\u003d300000\u0026gvi_channel_client_screen\u003dtrue\u0026h5_companion_enable_adcpn_macro_substitution_for_click_pings\u003dtrue\u0026h5_enable_ad_mbs\u003dtrue\u0026h5_inplayer_enable_adcpn_macro_substitution_for_click_pings\u003dtrue\u0026h5_reset_cache_and_filter_before_update_masthead\u003dtrue\u0026hfr_dropped_framerate_fallback_threshold\u003d0\u0026high_ccv_client_side_caching_h5\u003dtrue\u0026hls_use_new_codecs_string_api\u003dtrue\u0026html5_account_for_underrun_advance_in_sabr\u003dtrue\u0026html5_ad_timeout_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_adaptation_step_count\u003d0\u0026html5_ads_preroll_lock_timeout_delay_ms\u003d15000\u0026html5_allow_multiview_tile_preload\u003dtrue\u0026html5_allow_preloading_with_idle_only_network_for_sabr\u003dtrue\u0026html5_allow_video_keyframe_without_audio\u003dtrue\u0026html5_apply_constraints_in_client_for_sabr\u003dtrue\u0026html5_apply_min_failures\u003dtrue\u0026html5_apply_start_time_within_ads_for_ssdai_transitions\u003dtrue\u0026html5_atr_disable_force_fallback\u003dtrue\u0026html5_att_playback_timeout_ms\u003d30000\u0026html5_attach_num_random_bytes_to_bandaid\u003d0\u0026html5_attach_po_token_to_bandaid\u003dtrue\u0026html5_autonav_cap_idle_secs\u003d0\u0026html5_autonav_quality_cap\u003d720\u0026html5_autoplay_default_quality_cap\u003d0\u0026html5_auxiliary_estimate_weight\u003d0.0\u0026html5_av1_ordinal_cap\u003d0\u0026html5_bandaid_attach_content_po_token\u003dtrue\u0026html5_block_pip_safari_delay\u003d0\u0026html5_bypass_contention_secs\u003d0.0\u0026html5_byterate_soft_cap\u003d0\u0026html5_check_for_idle_network_interval_ms\u003d1000\u0026html5_chipset_soft_cap\u003d8192\u0026html5_consume_all_buffered_bytes_one_poll\u003dtrue\u0026html5_continuous_goodput_probe_interval_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_cuepoint_list_clear_on_seek\u003dtrue\u0026html5_d6de4_cloud_project_number\u003d868618676952\u0026html5_d6de4_defer_timeout_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_debug_data_log_probability\u003d0.0\u0026html5_decode_to_texture_cap\u003dtrue\u0026html5_default_ad_gain\u003d0.5\u0026html5_default_av1_threshold\u003d0\u0026html5_default_quality_cap\u003d0\u0026html5_defer_fetch_att_ms\u003d1000\u0026html5_delayed_retry_count\u003d1\u0026html5_delayed_retry_delay_ms\u003d5000\u0026html5_deprecate_adservice\u003dtrue\u0026html5_deprecate_manifestful_fallback\u003dtrue\u0026html5_deprecate_video_tag_pool\u003dtrue\u0026html5_desktop_vr180_allow_panning\u003dtrue\u0026html5_df_downgrade_thresh\u003d0.6\u0026html5_disable_bandwidth_cofactors_for_sabr_live\u003dtrue\u0026html5_disable_client_autonav_cap_for_onesie\u003dtrue\u0026html5_disable_loop_range_for_shorts_ads\u003dtrue\u0026html5_disable_move_pssh_to_moov\u003dtrue\u0026html5_disable_non_contiguous\u003dtrue\u0026html5_disable_peak_shave_for_onesie\u003dtrue\u0026html5_disable_ustreamer_constraint_for_sabr\u003dtrue\u0026html5_disable_web_safari_dai\u003dtrue\u0026html5_dispatch_tracklist_loaded_event\u003dtrue\u0026html5_displayed_frame_rate_downgrade_threshold\u003d45\u0026html5_drm_byterate_soft_cap\u003d0\u0026html5_drm_check_all_key_error_states\u003dtrue\u0026html5_drm_cpi_license_key\u003dtrue\u0026html5_drm_live_byterate_soft_cap\u003d0\u0026html5_early_media_for_sharper_shorts\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_ac3\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_audio_track_stickiness\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_audio_track_stickiness_phase_two\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_bandaid_error_screen\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_caption_changes_for_mosaic\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_composite_embargo\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_d6de4\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_d6de4_cold_start_and_error\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_d6de4_idle_priority_job\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_drc\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_drc_toggle_api\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_eac3\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_embedded_player_visibility_signals\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_encrypted_av1\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_media_serving_enforcement\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_media_serving_enforcement_when_has_preroll_ad\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_oduc\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_po_token_live_caption\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_progress_bar_slide_seek_logging\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_sabr_context_from_ump\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_sabr_drm_vod_streaming_xhr\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_sabr_format_selection\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_sabr_from_watch_server\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_sabr_host_fallback\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_sabr_ssdai_streaming_xhr\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_sabr_vod_streaming_xhr\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_server_driven_request_cancellation\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_sps_rebuffer_logs\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_sps_retry_backoff_metadata_requests\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_ssdai_transition_with_only_enter_cuerange\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_triggering_cuepoint_for_slot\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_tvos_dash\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_tvos_encrypted_vp9\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_voice_boost\u003dtrue\u0026html5_encourage_array_coalescing\u003dtrue\u0026html5_export_sodar_snapshot\u003dtrue\u0026html5_fill_default_mosaic_audio_track_id\u003dtrue\u0026html5_fix_drm_license_constraint_for_tv_and_onesie\u003dtrue\u0026html5_fix_multi_audio_offline_playback\u003dtrue\u0026html5_fixed_media_duration_for_request\u003d0\u0026html5_flush_index_on_updated_timestamp_offset\u003dtrue\u0026html5_force_sabr_from_watch_server_for_dfss\u003dtrue\u0026html5_forward_click_tracking_params_on_reload\u003dtrue\u0026html5_gapless_ad_autoplay_on_video_to_ad_only\u003dtrue\u0026html5_gapless_ended_transition_buffer_ms\u003d200\u0026html5_gapless_handoff_close_end_long_rebuffer_cfl\u003dtrue\u0026html5_gapless_handoff_close_end_long_rebuffer_delay_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_gapless_loop_seek_offset_in_milli\u003d0\u0026html5_gapless_slow_seek_cfl\u003dtrue\u0026html5_gapless_slow_seek_delay_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_gapless_slow_start_delay_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_generate_content_po_token\u003dtrue\u0026html5_generate_session_po_token\u003dtrue\u0026html5_gl_fps_threshold\u003d0\u0026html5_hard_cap_max_vertical_resolution_for_shorts\u003d0\u0026html5_hdcp_probing_stream_url\u003d\u0026html5_head_miss_secs\u003d0.0\u0026html5_hfr_quality_cap\u003d0\u0026html5_high_res_logging_percent\u003d0.01\u0026html5_high_res_seek_logging\u003dtrue\u0026html5_honor_caption_availabilities_in_audio_track\u003dtrue\u0026html5_hopeless_secs\u003d0\u0026html5_huli_ssdai_use_playback_state\u003dtrue\u0026html5_idle_rate_limit_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_ignore_partial_segment_from_live_readahead\u003dtrue\u0026html5_ignore_sabrseek_during_adskip\u003dtrue\u0026html5_innertube_heartbeats_for_fairplay\u003dtrue\u0026html5_innertube_heartbeats_for_playready\u003dtrue\u0026html5_innertube_heartbeats_for_widevine\u003dtrue\u0026html5_jumbo_mobile_subsegment_readahead_target\u003d3.0\u0026html5_jumbo_ull_nonstreaming_mffa_ms\u003d4000\u0026html5_jumbo_ull_subsegment_readahead_target\u003d1.3\u0026html5_kabuki_drm_live_51_default_off\u003dtrue\u0026html5_license_constraint_delay\u003d5000\u0026html5_live_abr_head_miss_fraction\u003d0.0\u0026html5_live_abr_repredict_fraction\u003d0.0\u0026html5_live_chunk_readahead_proxima_override\u003d0\u0026html5_live_head_playable\u003dtrue\u0026html5_live_low_latency_bandwidth_window\u003d0.0\u0026html5_live_normal_latency_bandwidth_window\u003d0.0\u0026html5_live_quality_cap\u003d0\u0026html5_live_ultra_low_latency_bandwidth_window\u003d0.0\u0026html5_liveness_drift_chunk_override\u003d0\u0026html5_liveness_drift_proxima_override\u003d0\u0026html5_log_audio_abr\u003dtrue\u0026html5_log_experiment_id_from_player_response_to_ctmp\u003d\u0026html5_log_first_ssdai_requests_killswitch\u003dtrue\u0026html5_log_rebuffer_events\u003d5\u0026html5_log_trigger_events_with_debug_data\u003dtrue\u0026html5_log_vss_extra_lr_cparams_freq\u003d\u0026html5_long_rebuffer_jiggle_cmt_delay_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_long_rebuffer_threshold_ms\u003d30000\u0026html5_manifestless_unplugged\u003dtrue\u0026html5_manifestless_vp9_otf\u003dtrue\u0026html5_max_buffer_health_for_downgrade_prop\u003d0.0\u0026html5_max_buffer_health_for_downgrade_secs\u003d0.0\u0026html5_max_byterate\u003d0\u0026html5_max_discontinuity_rewrite_count\u003d0\u0026html5_max_drift_per_track_secs\u003d0.0\u0026html5_max_headm_for_streaming_xhr\u003d0\u0026html5_max_live_dvr_window_plus_margin_secs\u003d46800.0\u0026html5_max_quality_sel_upgrade\u003d0\u0026html5_max_redirect_response_length\u003d8192\u0026html5_max_selectable_quality_ordinal\u003d0\u0026html5_max_vertical_resolution\u003d0\u0026html5_maximum_readahead_seconds\u003d0.0\u0026html5_media_fullscreen\u003dtrue\u0026html5_media_time_weight\u003dtrue\u0026html5_media_time_weight_prop\u003d0.0\u0026html5_min_failures_to_delay_retry\u003d3\u0026html5_min_media_duration_for_append_prop\u003d0.0\u0026html5_min_media_duration_for_cabr_slice\u003d0.01\u0026html5_min_playback_advance_for_steady_state_secs\u003d0\u0026html5_min_quality_ordinal\u003d0\u0026html5_min_readbehind_cap_secs\u003d60\u0026html5_min_readbehind_secs\u003d0\u0026html5_min_seconds_between_format_selections\u003d0.0\u0026html5_min_selectable_quality_ordinal\u003d0\u0026html5_min_startup_buffered_media_duration_for_live_secs\u003d0.0\u0026html5_min_startup_buffered_media_duration_secs\u003d1.2\u0026html5_min_startup_duration_live_secs\u003d0.25\u0026html5_min_underrun_buffered_pre_steady_state_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_min_upgrade_health_secs\u003d0.0\u0026html5_minimum_readahead_seconds\u003d0.0\u0026html5_mock_content_binding_for_session_token\u003d\u0026html5_move_disable_airplay\u003dtrue\u0026html5_no_placeholder_rollbacks\u003dtrue\u0026html5_non_onesie_attach_po_token\u003dtrue\u0026html5_offline_download_timeout_retry_limit\u003d4\u0026html5_offline_failure_retry_limit\u003d2\u0026html5_offline_playback_position_sync\u003dtrue\u0026html5_offline_prevent_redownload_downloaded_video\u003dtrue\u0026html5_onesie_audio_only_playback\u003dtrue\u0026html5_onesie_check_timeout\u003dtrue\u0026html5_onesie_defer_content_loader_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_onesie_live_ttl_secs\u003d8\u0026html5_onesie_prewarm_interval_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_onesie_prewarm_max_lact_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_onesie_redirector_timeout_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_onesie_send_streamer_context\u003dtrue\u0026html5_onesie_use_signed_onesie_ustreamer_config\u003dtrue\u0026html5_override_micro_discontinuities_threshold_ms\u003d-1\u0026html5_paced_poll_min_health_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_paced_poll_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_pause_on_nonforeground_platform_errors\u003dtrue\u0026html5_peak_shave\u003dtrue\u0026html5_perf_cap_override_sticky\u003dtrue\u0026html5_performance_cap_floor\u003d360\u0026html5_perserve_av1_perf_cap\u003dtrue\u0026html5_picture_in_picture_logging_onresize_ratio\u003d0.0\u0026html5_platform_max_buffer_health_oversend_duration_secs\u003d0.0\u0026html5_platform_minimum_readahead_seconds\u003d0.0\u0026html5_platform_whitelisted_for_frame_accurate_seeks\u003dtrue\u0026html5_player_att_initial_delay_ms\u003d1000\u0026html5_player_att_retry_delay_ms\u003d1500\u0026html5_player_autonav_logging\u003dtrue\u0026html5_player_dynamic_bottom_gradient\u003dtrue\u0026html5_player_es6\u003dtrue\u0026html5_player_min_build_cl\u003d-1\u0026html5_player_preload_ad_fix\u003dtrue\u0026html5_post_interrupt_readahead\u003d20\u0026html5_prefer_language_over_codec\u003dtrue\u0026html5_prefer_server_bwe3\u003dtrue\u0026html5_preload_before_initial_seek_with_sabr\u003dtrue\u0026html5_preload_wait_time_secs\u003d0.0\u0026html5_prevent_mobile_background_play_on_event_shared\u003dtrue\u0026html5_probe_primary_delay_base_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_process_all_encrypted_events\u003dtrue\u0026html5_qoe_proto_mock_length\u003d0\u0026html5_query_sw_secure_crypto_for_android\u003dtrue\u0026html5_random_playback_cap\u003d0\u0026html5_recognize_predict_start_cue_point\u003dtrue\u0026html5_record_is_offline_on_playback_attempt_start\u003dtrue\u0026html5_record_ump_timing\u003dtrue\u0026html5_reload_by_kabuki_app\u003dtrue\u0026html5_remove_command_triggered_companions\u003dtrue\u0026html5_remove_not_servable_check_killswitch\u003dtrue\u0026html5_remove_ssdai_append_pause\u003dtrue\u0026html5_report_fatal_drm_restricted_error_killswitch\u003dtrue\u0026html5_report_slow_ads_as_error\u003dtrue\u0026html5_repredict_interval_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_request_only_hdr_or_sdr_keys\u003dtrue\u0026html5_request_size_max_kb\u003d0\u0026html5_request_size_min_kb\u003d0\u0026html5_reseek_after_time_jump_cfl\u003dtrue\u0026html5_reseek_after_time_jump_delay_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_resource_bad_status_delay_scaling\u003d1.5\u0026html5_restrict_streaming_xhr_on_sqless_requests\u003dtrue\u0026html5_retry_downloads_for_expiration\u003dtrue\u0026html5_retry_on_drm_key_error\u003dtrue\u0026html5_retry_on_drm_unavailable\u003dtrue\u0026html5_retry_quota_exceeded_via_seek\u003dtrue\u0026html5_return_playback_if_already_preloaded\u003dtrue\u0026html5_sabr_enable_server_xtag_selection\u003dtrue\u0026html5_sabr_fetch_on_idle_network_preloaded_players\u003dtrue\u0026html5_sabr_force_max_network_interruption_duration_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_sabr_ignore_skipad_before_completion\u003dtrue\u0026html5_sabr_live_drm_streaming_xhr\u003dtrue\u0026html5_sabr_live_low_latency_streaming_xhr\u003dtrue\u0026html5_sabr_live_normal_latency_streaming_xhr\u003dtrue\u0026html5_sabr_live_timing\u003dtrue\u0026html5_sabr_live_ultra_low_latency_streaming_xhr\u003dtrue\u0026html5_sabr_log_server_xtag_selection_onesie_mismatch\u003dtrue\u0026html5_sabr_min_media_bytes_factor_to_append_for_stream\u003d0.0\u0026html5_sabr_non_streaming_xhr_soft_cap\u003d0\u0026html5_sabr_non_streaming_xhr_vod_request_cancellation_timeout_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_sabr_remove_all_quality_constraints_for_drm_traffic\u003dtrue\u0026html5_sabr_report_partial_segment_estimated_duration\u003dtrue\u0026html5_sabr_report_request_cancellation_info\u003dtrue\u0026html5_sabr_request_limit_per_period\u003d20\u0026html5_sabr_seek_no_shift_tolerance\u003dtrue\u0026html5_sabr_skip_client_audio_init_selection\u003dtrue\u0026html5_sabr_unused_bloat_size_bytes\u003d0\u0026html5_samsung_kant_limit_max_bitrate\u003d0\u0026html5_seek_jiggle_cmt_delay_ms\u003d8000\u0026html5_seek_new_elem_delay_ms\u003d12000\u0026html5_seek_new_elem_shorts_delay_ms\u003d2000\u0026html5_seek_new_media_element_shorts_reuse_cfl\u003dtrue\u0026html5_seek_new_media_element_shorts_reuse_delay_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_seek_new_media_source_shorts_reuse_cfl\u003dtrue\u0026html5_seek_new_media_source_shorts_reuse_delay_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_seek_set_cmt_delay_ms\u003d2000\u0026html5_seek_timeout_delay_ms\u003d20000\u0026html5_send_cuepoint_id_in_ad_break_request\u003dtrue\u0026html5_send_serialized_one_time_qoe_context_data\u003dtrue\u0026html5_serve_start_seconds_seek_for_post_live_sabr\u003dtrue\u0026html5_server_stitched_dai_decorated_url_retry_limit\u003d5\u0026html5_server_stitched_dai_group\u003dtrue\u0026html5_session_po_token_interval_time_ms\u003d900000\u0026html5_set_video_id_as_expected_content_binding\u003dtrue\u0026html5_shorts_gapless_ad_slow_start_cfl\u003dtrue\u0026html5_shorts_gapless_ad_slow_start_delay_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_shorts_gapless_next_buffer_in_seconds\u003d0\u0026html5_shorts_gapless_no_gllat\u003dtrue\u0026html5_shorts_gapless_slow_start_delay_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_show_drc_toggle\u003dtrue\u0026html5_simplified_backup_timeout_sabr_live\u003dtrue\u0026html5_skip_empty_po_token\u003dtrue\u0026html5_skip_slow_ad_delay_ms\u003d15000\u0026html5_slow_start_no_media_source_delay_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_slow_start_timeout_delay_ms\u003d20000\u0026html5_ssdai_clear_backoff_on_cuepoint_list_resolved\u003dtrue\u0026html5_ssdai_enable_media_end_cue_range\u003dtrue\u0026html5_ssdai_enable_new_seek_logic\u003dtrue\u0026html5_ssdai_failure_retry_limit\u003d0\u0026html5_ssdai_log_missing_ad_config_reason\u003dtrue\u0026html5_stall_factor\u003d0.0\u0026html5_sticky_duration_mos\u003d0\u0026html5_store_xhr_headers_readable\u003dtrue\u0026html5_streaming_resilience\u003dtrue\u0026html5_streaming_xhr_time_based_consolidation_ms\u003d-1\u0026html5_subsegment_readahead_load_speed_check_interval\u003d0.5\u0026html5_subsegment_readahead_min_buffer_health_secs\u003d0.25\u0026html5_subsegment_readahead_min_buffer_health_secs_on_timeout\u003d0.1\u0026html5_subsegment_readahead_min_load_speed\u003d1.5\u0026html5_subsegment_readahead_seek_latency_fudge\u003d0.5\u0026html5_subsegment_readahead_target_buffer_health_secs\u003d0.5\u0026html5_subsegment_readahead_timeout_secs\u003d2.0\u0026html5_track_overshoot\u003dtrue\u0026html5_transfer_processing_logs_interval\u003d1000\u0026html5_trigger_loader_when_idle_network\u003dtrue\u0026html5_ugc_live_audio_51\u003dtrue\u0026html5_ugc_vod_audio_51\u003dtrue\u0026html5_unreported_seek_reseek_delay_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_update_time_on_seeked\u003dtrue\u0026html5_use_date_now_for_local_storage\u003dtrue\u0026html5_use_init_selected_audio\u003dtrue\u0026html5_use_jsonformatter_to_parse_player_response\u003dtrue\u0026html5_use_non_active_broadcast_for_post_live\u003dtrue\u0026html5_use_post_for_media\u003dtrue\u0026html5_use_shared_owl_instance\u003dtrue\u0026html5_use_ump\u003dtrue\u0026html5_use_ump_request_slicer\u003dtrue\u0026html5_use_ump_timing\u003dtrue\u0026html5_use_video_quality_cap_for_ustreamer_constraint\u003dtrue\u0026html5_use_video_transition_endpoint_heartbeat\u003dtrue\u0026html5_video_tbd_min_kb\u003d0\u0026html5_viewport_undersend_maximum\u003d0.0\u0026html5_volume_slider_tooltip\u003dtrue\u0026html5_web_po_experiment_ids\u003d[]\u0026html5_web_po_request_key\u003d\u0026html5_web_po_token_disable_caching\u003dtrue\u0026html5_webpo_idle_priority_job\u003dtrue\u0026html5_webpo_kaios_defer_timeout_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_woffle_resume\u003dtrue\u0026html5_workaround_delay_trigger\u003dtrue\u0026idb_immediate_commit\u003dtrue\u0026ignore_overlapping_cue_points_on_endemic_live_html5\u003dtrue\u0026il_attach_cache_limit\u003dtrue\u0026il_payload_scraping\u003d\u0026il_use_view_model_logging_context\u003dtrue\u0026initial_gel_batch_timeout\u003d2000\u0026injected_license_handler_error_code\u003d0\u0026injected_license_handler_license_status\u003d0\u0026ios_and_android_fresca_polling_delay_override\u003d0\u0026itdrm_always_generate_media_keys\u003dtrue\u0026itdrm_always_use_widevine_sdk\u003dtrue\u0026itdrm_disable_external_key_rotation_system_ids\u003d[]\u0026itdrm_enable_revocation_reporting\u003dtrue\u0026itdrm_injected_license_service_error_code\u003d0\u0026itdrm_set_sabr_license_constraint\u003dtrue\u0026itdrm_use_fairplay_sdk\u003dtrue\u0026itdrm_use_widevine_sdk_for_premium_content\u003dtrue\u0026itdrm_use_widevine_sdk_only_for_sampled_dod\u003dtrue\u0026itdrm_widevine_hardened_vmp_mode\u003dlog\u0026json_condensed_response\u003dtrue\u0026kevlar_command_handler_command_banlist\u003d[]\u0026kevlar_delhi_modern_web_endscreen_ideal_tile_width_percentage\u003d0.27\u0026kevlar_delhi_modern_web_endscreen_max_rows\u003d2\u0026kevlar_delhi_modern_web_endscreen_max_width\u003d500\u0026kevlar_delhi_modern_web_endscreen_min_width\u003d200\u0026kevlar_gel_error_routing\u003dtrue\u0026kevlar_miniplayer_expand_top\u003dtrue\u0026kevlar_miniplayer_play_pause_on_scrim\u003dtrue\u0026kevlar_playback_associated_queue\u003dtrue\u0026kevlar_use_wil_icons\u003dtrue\u0026kevlar_vimio_use_shared_monitor\u003dtrue\u0026kevlar_woffle\u003dtrue\u0026launch_license_service_all_ott_videos_automatic_fail_open\u003dtrue\u0026limit_ytcsi_debug_array_size\u003dtrue\u0026live_chat_enable_rta_manager\u003dtrue\u0026live_chunk_readahead\u003d3\u0026log_click_with_layer_from_element_in_command_handler\u003dtrue\u0026log_gel_compression_latency\u003dtrue\u0026log_heartbeat_with_lifecycles\u003dtrue\u0026log_ssdai_decoration_failure_if_missing_ad_break_status\u003dtrue\u0026log_window_onerror_fraction\u003d0.1\u0026manifestless_post_live\u003dtrue\u0026manifestless_post_live_ufph\u003dtrue\u0026max_body_size_to_compress\u003d500000\u0026max_cdfe_quality_ordinal\u003d0\u0026max_prefetch_window_sec_for_livestream_optimization\u003d10\u0026max_resolution_for_white_noise\u003d360\u0026mdx_enable_privacy_disclosure_ui\u003dtrue\u0026mdx_load_cast_api_bootstrap_script\u003dtrue\u0026migrate_remaining_web_ad_badges_to_innertube\u003dtrue\u0026min_prefetch_offset_sec_for_livestream_optimization\u003d20\u0026mta_drc_mutual_exclusion_removal\u003dtrue\u0026music_enable_shared_audio_tier_logic\u003dtrue\u0026mweb_account_linking_noapp\u003dtrue\u0026mweb_enable_click_to_play_pause\u003dtrue\u0026mweb_enable_fine_scrubbing_for_recs\u003dtrue\u0026mweb_enable_more_chunks\u003dtrue\u0026mweb_native_control_in_faux_fullscreen_shared\u003dtrue\u0026mweb_player_control_on_hover\u003dtrue\u0026mweb_progress_bar_seek_on_mouse_click\u003dtrue\u0026mweb_shorts_comments_panel_id_change\u003dtrue\u0026network_polling_interval\u003d30000\u0026networkless_logging\u003dtrue\u0026new_codecs_string_api_uses_legacy_style\u003dtrue\u0026no_drm_on_demand_with_cc_license\u003dtrue\u0026no_filler_video_for_ssa_playbacks\u003dtrue\u0026offline_error_handling\u003dtrue\u0026onesie_add_gfe_frontline_to_player_request\u003dtrue\u0026onesie_enable_override_headm\u003dtrue\u0026override_drm_required_playback_policy_channels\u003d[]\u0026pageid_as_header_web\u003dtrue\u0026par_at_ep\u003dtrue\u0026pdg_enable_creator_goals_animations\u003dtrue\u0026player_ads_set_adformat_on_client\u003dtrue\u0026player_bootstrap_method\u003dtrue\u0026player_controls_volume_controls_use_player_props\u003dtrue\u0026player_destroy_old_version\u003dtrue\u0026player_doubletap_to_seek\u003dtrue\u0026player_enable_playback_playlist_change\u003dtrue\u0026player_new_info_card_format\u003dtrue\u0026player_underlay_min_player_width\u003d768.0\u0026player_underlay_video_width_fraction\u003d0.6\u0026player_web_canary\u003dtrue\u0026player_web_canary_stage\u003d3\u0026player_web_is_canary\u003dtrue\u0026playready_first_play_expiration\u003d-1\u0026podcasts_videostats_default_flush_interval_seconds\u003d0\u0026polymer_bad_build_labels\u003dtrue\u0026polymer_verifiy_app_state\u003dtrue\u0026populate_format_set_info_in_cdfe_formats\u003dtrue\u0026populate_head_minus_in_watch_server\u003dtrue\u0026preskip_button_style_ads_backend\u003dcountdown_next_to_thumbnail\u0026proxima_auto_threshold_max_network_interruption_duration_ms\u003d0\u0026proxima_auto_threshold_min_bandwidth_estimate_bytes_per_sec\u003d0\u0026qoe_nwl_downloads\u003dtrue\u0026qoe_send_and_write\u003dtrue\u0026quality_cap_for_inline_non_app_ads\u003d0\u0026quality_cap_for_inline_playback\u003d0\u0026quality_cap_for_inline_playback_ads\u003d0\u0026read_ahead_model_name\u003d\u0026record_app_crashed_web\u003dtrue\u0026refactor_mta_default_track_selection\u003dtrue\u0026reject_hidden_live_formats\u003dtrue\u0026reject_live_vp9_mq_clear_with_no_abr_ladder\u003dtrue\u0026remove_chevron_from_ad_disclosure_banner_h5\u003dtrue\u0026remove_masthead_channel_banner_on_refresh\u003dtrue\u0026remove_slot_id_exited_trigger_for_dai_in_player_slot_expire\u003dtrue\u0026replace_playability_retriever_in_watch\u003dtrue\u0026return_drm_product_unknown_for_clear_playbacks\u003dtrue\u0026sabr_enable_host_fallback\u003dtrue\u0026self_podding_header_string_template\u003dself_podding_interstitial_message\u0026self_podding_midroll_choice_string_template\u003dself_podding_midroll_choice\u0026send_config_hash_timer\u003d0\u0026serve_adaptive_fmts_for_live_streams\u003dtrue\u0026set_interstitial_advertisers_question_text\u003dtrue\u0026set_mock_id_as_expected_content_binding\u003d\u0026shell_load_gcf\u003dtrue\u0026shorts_mode_to_player_api\u003dtrue\u0026should_attribute_to_watch_with_source\u003d[]\u0026should_clear_video_data_on_player_cued_unstarted\u003dtrue\u0026simply_embedded_enable_botguard\u003dtrue\u0026skip_ls_gel_retry\u003dtrue\u0026slow_compressions_before_abandon_count\u003d4\u0026small_avatars_for_comments\u003dtrue\u0026smart_skip_web_player_bar_min_hover_length_milliseconds\u003d1000\u0026smarter_ve_dedupping\u003dtrue\u0026speedmaster_cancellation_movement_dp\u003d10\u0026speedmaster_playback_rate\u003d2.0\u0026speedmaster_touch_activation_ms\u003d500\u0026sps_enable_antiscraping_rules\u003dtrue\u0026start_async_playability_lazy_dependencies\u003dtrue\u0026start_client_gcf\u003dtrue\u0026stop_handling_click_for_non_rendering_overlay_layout\u003dtrue\u0026streaming_data_emergency_itag_blacklist\u003d[]\u0026substitute_ad_cpn_macro_in_ssdai\u003dtrue\u0026suppress_error_204_logging\u003dtrue\u0026transport_use_scheduler\u003dtrue\u0026trim_adaptive_formats_signature_cipher_for_sabr_content\u003dtrue\u0026trim_adaptive_formats_url_for_media_barrier\u003dtrue\u0026tvhtml5_unplugged_preload_cache_size\u003d5\u0026use_cue_range_marker_position\u003dtrue\u0026use_event_time_ms_header\u003dtrue\u0026use_fifo_for_networkless\u003dtrue\u0026use_generated_media_keys_in_fairplay_requests\u003dtrue\u0026use_inlined_player_rpc\u003dtrue\u0026use_new_codecs_string_api\u003dtrue\u0026use_request_time_ms_header\u003dtrue\u0026use_rta_for_player\u003dtrue\u0026use_rta_for_player_hb\u003dtrue\u0026use_rta_only_for_player\u003dtrue\u0026use_session_based_sampling\u003dtrue\u0026use_simplified_remove_webm_rules\u003dtrue\u0026use_thumbnail_overlay_time_status_renderer_for_live_badge\u003dtrue\u0026use_video_playback_premium_signal\u003dtrue\u0026variable_buffer_timeout_ms\u003d0\u0026vp9_drm_live\u003dtrue\u0026vss_final_ping_send_and_write\u003dtrue\u0026vss_pings_using_networkless\u003dtrue\u0026vss_playback_use_send_and_write\u003dtrue\u0026web_add_footer_template_to_audio_track\u003dtrue\u0026web_api_url\u003dtrue\u0026web_attention_logging_scroll_throttle\u003d500.0\u0026web_big_boards\u003dtrue\u0026web_big_boards_enable_in_inline\u003dtrue\u0026web_big_boards_enable_in_miniplayer\u003dtrue\u0026web_button_view_model_non_nullish_data\u003dtrue\u0026web_button_vm_refactor_disabled\u003dtrue\u0026web_cinematic_watch_settings\u003dtrue\u0026web_client_version_override\u003d\u0026web_collect_offline_state\u003dtrue\u0026web_csi_action_sampling_enabled\u003dtrue\u0026web_csi_debug_sample_enabled\u003dtrue\u0026web_dedupe_ve_grafting\u003dtrue\u0026web_disable_chip_view_model_mutation\u003dtrue\u0026web_enable_ab_rsp_cl\u003dtrue\u0026web_enable_course_icon_update\u003dtrue\u0026web_enable_entity_upsert_on_update\u003dtrue\u0026web_enable_error_204\u003dtrue\u0026web_enable_keyboard_shortcut_for_timely_actions\u003dtrue\u0026web_enable_shopping_timely_shelf_client\u003dtrue\u0026web_enable_speedmaster\u003dtrue\u0026web_enable_timely_actions\u003dtrue\u0026web_enable_varispeed_panel\u003dtrue\u0026web_fix_fine_scrubbing_false_play\u003dtrue\u0026web_foreground_heartbeat_interval_ms\u003d28000\u0026web_forward_command_on_pbj\u003dtrue\u0026web_fullscreen_shorts\u003dtrue\u0026web_gcf_hashes_innertube\u003dtrue\u0026web_gel_debounce_ms\u003d60000\u0026web_gel_timeout_cap\u003dtrue\u0026web_heat_map_v2\u003dtrue\u0026web_hide_next_button\u003dtrue\u0026web_hide_watch_info_empty\u003dtrue\u0026web_hide_your_data_on_automotive\u003dtrue\u0026web_infocards_teaser_show_logging_fix\u003dtrue\u0026web_key_moments_markers\u003dtrue\u0026web_l3_storyboard\u003dtrue\u0026web_load_prediction_threshold\u003d0.3\u0026web_log_memory_total_kbytes\u003dtrue\u0026web_logging_max_batch\u003d150\u0026web_max_tracing_events\u003d50\u0026web_modern_buttons\u003dtrue\u0026web_navigation_prediction_threshold\u003d0.1\u0026web_new_autonav_countdown\u003dtrue\u0026web_op_signal_type_banlist\u003d[]\u0026web_playback_associated_log_ctt\u003dtrue\u0026web_playback_associated_ve\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_api_logging_fraction\u003d0.01\u0026web_player_autonav_use_server_provided_state\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_big_mode_screen_width_cutoff\u003d4001\u0026web_player_default_peeking_px\u003d0\u0026web_player_delhi_dtts\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_enable_featured_product_banner_exclusives_on_desktop\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_enable_featured_product_banner_promotion_text_on_desktop\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_enable_fullscreen_grid_components\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_enable_premium_hbr_in_h5_api\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_enable_premium_hbr_playback_cap\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_frosted_glass_blur_radius\u003d16\u0026web_player_frosted_glass_blur_radius_float\u003d16.0\u0026web_player_grid_natural_scroll\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_innertube_playlist_update\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_invisible_fullscreen_button\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_ipp_canary_type_for_logging\u003dexperiment\u0026web_player_log_click_before_generating_ve_conversion_params\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_miniplayer_in_context_menu\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_mouse_idle_wait_time_ms\u003d3000\u0026web_player_move_autonav_toggle\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_music_visualizer_treatment\u003dfake\u0026web_player_nitrate_promo_tooltip\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_offline_playlist_auto_refresh\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_overlay_positioned_layout\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_pip_logging_fix\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_playable_sequences_refactor\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_pt_tt\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_quick_hide_timeout_ms\u003d250\u0026web_player_rtr_ctrls\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_seek_chapters_by_shortcut\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_seek_overlay_additional_arrow_threshold\u003d200\u0026web_player_seek_overlay_duration_bump_scale\u003d0.9\u0026web_player_seek_overlay_linger_duration\u003d1000\u0026web_player_sentinel_is_uniplayer\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_show_music_in_this_video_graphic\u003dvideo_thumbnail\u0026web_player_spacebar_control_bugfix\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_ss_dai_ad_fetching_timeout_ms\u003d15000\u0026web_player_ss_media_time_offset\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_touch_idle_wait_time_ms\u003d4000\u0026web_player_transfer_timeout_threshold_ms\u003d10800000\u0026web_player_updated_entrypoint\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_use_cinematic_label_2\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_use_new_api_for_quality_pullback\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_use_screen_width_for_big_mode\u003dtrue\u0026web_prefetch_preload_video\u003dtrue\u0026web_progress_bar_draggable\u003dtrue\u0026web_remix_allow_up_to_3x_playback_rate\u003dtrue\u0026web_remove_broken_subscribe_endscreen\u003dtrue\u0026web_reset_lact_on_media_actions\u003dtrue\u0026web_session_replay_send_after_timeout\u003d0\u0026web_settings_menu_icons\u003dtrue\u0026web_settings_menu_surface_custom_playback\u003dtrue\u0026web_settings_use_input_slider\u003dtrue\u0026web_shorts_audio_track_picker\u003dtrue\u0026web_sleep_timer\u003dtrue\u0026web_speedmaster_spacebar_control\u003dtrue\u0026web_tracing_enabled_spans\u003d[event, command]\u0026web_tracing_session_replay\u003d0\u0026web_watch_enable_fs_squeezeback_panels\u003dtrue\u0026webpo_exit_on_net_err\u003dtrue\u0026wil_icon_max_concurrent_fetches\u003d9999\u0026wil_icon_render_when_idle\u003dtrue\u0026wiz_diff_overwritable\u003dtrue\u0026wiz_wrapper_callback_props_fix\u003dtrue\u0026woffle_enable_download_status\u003dtrue\u0026woffle_orchestration\u003dtrue\u0026write_reload_player_response_token_to_ustreamer_config_for_vod\u003dtrue\u0026ws_av1_max_height_floor\u003d0\u0026ws_av1_max_width_floor\u003d0\u0026ws_use_centralized_hqa_filter\u003dtrue\u0026wug_networking_gzip_request\u003dtrue\u0026ytcsi_debug_max_size\u003d100\u0026ytidb_remake_db_retries\u003d3\u0026ytidb_reopen_db_retries\u003d3\u0026ytidb_transaction_ended_event_rate_limit\u003d0.02","disableFullscreen":true,"cspNonce":"1FEbiaPymPRwluOaunvWMg","canaryState":"canary","datasyncId":"V0afcd696||","canaryStage":"MEDIUM","trustedJsUrl":{"privateDoNotAccessOrElseTrustedResourceUrlWrappedValue":"/s/player/bcd88ad3/player_es6.vflset/en_US/base.js"},"trustedCssUrl":{"privateDoNotAccessOrElseTrustedResourceUrlWrappedValue":"/s/player/bcd88ad3/www-player.css"},"serializedClientExperimentFlags":"45713225\u003d0\u002645718175\u003d0.0\u002645718176\u003d0.0\u002645725538\u003d0.0\u002645725539\u003d0.0\u002645725540\u003d0.0\u002645725541\u003d0.0\u002645725542\u003d0.0\u002645725543\u003d0.0\u002645728334\u003d0.0\u002645728572\u003dtrue\u002645729215\u003dtrue\u002645732704\u003dtrue\u002645732791\u003dtrue\u002645735428\u003d4000.0\u002645737488\u003d0.0\u002645737489\u003d0.0\u002645739023\u003d0.0\u002645741339\u003d0.0\u002645741773\u003d0.0\u002645743228\u003d0.0\u002645746966\u003d0.0\u002645746967\u003d0.0\u002645747053\u003d0.0\u002645750947\u003d10240\u002645756201\u003dtrue\u002645756872\u003d0.0\u002645757426\u003d0.0\u002645757427\u003d0.0\u002645757750\u003d0.0\u002645757957\u003d0.0\u002645758467\u003d0.0\u002645760018\u003dtrue\u002645761760\u003d200\u002645762838\u003d0\u002645764217\u003d0.0\u002645764252\u003d0.0\u002645764523\u003d0.0\u002645764524\u003d0.0\u002645764593\u003d0.0\u002645765077\u003dtrue\u002645765568\u003d0.0\u002645765602\u003d0.0\u002645767763\u003d0.0\u002645767943\u003d0.0\u002645768340\u003d0.0\u002645768430\u003d0.0\u002645769119\u003dtrue\u002645769214\u003d0.0\u002645770001\u003d0.0\u002645770002\u003d0.0\u002645770135\u003dtrue\u002645771890\u003d0.0\u002645773603\u003d0.0\u002645773604\u003d0.0\u002645775791\u003d0.0\u002645775792\u003d0.0\u002645778663\u003d0.0\u002645778671\u003d0.0"},"WEB_PLAYER_CONTEXT_CONFIG_ID_KEVLAR_INLINE_PREVIEW":{"rootElementId":"inline-preview-player","jsUrl":"/s/player/bcd88ad3/player_es6.vflset/en_US/base.js","cssUrl":"/s/player/bcd88ad3/www-player.css","contextId":"WEB_PLAYER_CONTEXT_CONFIG_ID_KEVLAR_INLINE_PREVIEW","eventLabel":"detailpage","contentRegion":"NP","hl":"en_US","hostLanguage":"en","playerStyle":"desktop-polymer","innertubeApiKey":"AIzaSyAO_FJ2SlqU8Q4STEHLGCilw_Y9_11qcW8","innertubeApiVersion":"v1","innertubeContextClientVersion":"2.20260424.01.00","controlsType":0,"disableKeyboardControls":true,"device":{"brand":"apple","model":"","browser":"Chrome","browserVersion":"124.0.0.0","os":"Macintosh","osVersion":"10_15_7","platform":"DESKTOP","interfaceName":"WEB","interfaceVersion":"2.20260424.01.00"},"serializedExperimentIds":"24004644,24499534,39325854,51010235,51063643,51072748,51095478,51098299,51204329,51222973,51300176,51300241,51314158,51340662,51349914,51353393,51366423,51389629,51459470,51467676,51470301,51472205,51490331,51505436,51530495,51534669,51547388,51565116,51578633,51583821,51605258,51609829,51619706,51620867,51622845,51635955,51638932,51646450,51648336,51672162,51681662,51683502,51684560,51698285,51705976,51708061,51713176,51715023,51717747,51719112,51720353,51729218,51740148,51742377,51763897,51774882,51784587,51798928,51801292,51802233,51803128,51803199,51803587,51804539,51807293,51811903,51819635,51820067,51829421,51839674,51839732,51841270,51844842,51847710,51849664,51851862,51855288,51856590,51866874,51866997,51869208,51876388,51881461,51885343,51887880,51889002,51890561,51892086,51893373,51899026,51908397","serializedExperimentFlags":"H5_async_logging_delay_ms\u003d30000.0\u0026a11y_h5_associate_survey_question\u003dtrue\u0026ab_det_apb_b\u003dtrue\u0026ab_det_apm\u003dtrue\u0026ab_det_el_h\u003dtrue\u0026action_companion_center_align_description\u003dtrue\u0026ad_pod_disable_companion_persist_ads_quality\u003dtrue\u0026add_stmp_logs_for_voice_boost\u003dtrue\u0026allow_autohide_on_paused_videos\u003dtrue\u0026allow_drm_override\u003dtrue\u0026allow_live_autoplay\u003dtrue\u0026allow_poltergust_autoplay\u003dtrue\u0026allow_skip_networkless\u003dtrue\u0026allow_vb_audio_formats\u003dtrue\u0026allow_vb_audio_formats_with_mta\u003dtrue\u0026allow_vp9_1080p_mq_enc\u003dtrue\u0026always_cache_redirect_endpoint\u003dtrue\u0026annotation_module_vast_cards_load_logging_fraction\u003d0.0\u0026assign_drm_family_by_format\u003dtrue\u0026att_web_record_metrics\u003dtrue\u0026attach_experiment_propagation_context_to_config\u003dtrue\u0026attention_logging_scroll_throttle\u003d500.0\u0026attmusi\u003dtrue\u0026autoplay_time\u003d8000\u0026autoplay_time_for_fullscreen\u003d3000\u0026autoplay_time_for_music_content\u003d3000\u0026bg_st_hr\u003dtrue\u0026bg_vm_reinit_threshold\u003d7200000\u0026block_tvhtml5_simply_embedded\u003dtrue\u0026blocked_packages_for_sps\u003d[]\u0026botguard_async_snapshot_timeout_ms\u003d3000\u0026captions_url_add_ei\u003dtrue\u0026check_navigator_accuracy_timeout_ms\u003d0\u0026client_respect_autoplay_switch_button_renderer\u003dtrue\u0026client_ui_enable_multi_track_audio_on_web_embedded_player\u003dtrue\u0026compress_gel\u003dtrue\u0026compression_disable_point\u003d10\u0026cow_optimize_idom_compat\u003dtrue\u0026csi_on_gel\u003dtrue\u0026custom_active_view_tos_timeout_ms\u003d3600000\u0026dash_manifest_version\u003d5\u0026debug_bandaid_hostname\u003d\u0026debug_bandaid_port\u003d0\u0026debug_sherlog_username\u003d\u0026delhi_fast_follow_autonav_toggle\u003dtrue\u0026delhi_modern_player_default_thumbnail_percentage\u003d0.0\u0026delhi_modern_player_faster_autohide_delay_ms\u003d2000\u0026delhi_modern_player_pause_thumbnail_percentage\u003d0.6\u0026delhi_modern_web_player\u003dtrue\u0026delhi_modern_web_player_blending_mode\u003d\u0026delhi_modern_web_player_disable_frosted_glass\u003dtrue\u0026delhi_modern_web_player_horizontal_volume_controls\u003dtrue\u0026delhi_modern_web_player_icons\u003dtrue\u0026delhi_modern_web_player_lhs_volume_controls\u003dtrue\u0026delhi_modern_web_player_responsive_compact_controls_threshold\u003d4000\u0026delhi_web_player_use_external_playlist_panel\u003dtrue\u0026deprecate_22\u003dtrue\u0026deprecate_delay_ping\u003dtrue\u0026deprecate_pair_servlet_enabled\u003dtrue\u0026desktop_sparkles_light_cta_button\u003dtrue\u0026disable_av1_setting\u003dtrue\u0026disable_channel_id_check_for_suspended_channels\u003dtrue\u0026disable_child_node_auto_formatted_strings\u003dtrue\u0026disable_features_for_supex\u003dtrue\u0026disable_legacy_desktop_remote_queue\u003dtrue\u0026disable_lifa_for_supex_users\u003dtrue\u0026disable_log_to_visitor_layer\u003dtrue\u0026disable_mdx_connection_in_mdx_module_for_music_web\u003dtrue\u0026disable_pacf_logging_for_memory_limited_tv\u003dtrue\u0026disable_reel_item_watch_format_filtering\u003dtrue\u0026disable_ssdai_on_errors\u003dtrue\u0026disable_threegpp_progressive_formats\u003dtrue\u0026disable_touch_events_on_skip_button\u003dtrue\u0026duration_before_pause_ad_break_ms_for_system_pause\u003d0\u0026edge_encryption_fill_primary_key_version\u003dtrue\u0026embeds_desktoff_enable_ads_top_bar\u003dtrue\u0026embeds_desktop_enable_volume_slider\u003dtrue\u0026embeds_enable_embed_config_for_muted_autoplay\u003dtrue\u0026embeds_enable_innertube_store\u003dtrue\u0026embeds_enable_move_set_center_crop_to_public\u003dtrue\u0026embeds_enable_per_video_embed_config\u003dtrue\u0026embeds_web_lite_mode\u003d1\u0026enable_a11y_focus_fix_for_mac_panel_on_desktop\u003dtrue\u0026enable_access_code_service_rpc\u003dtrue\u0026enable_aci_on_lr_feeds\u003dtrue\u0026enable_active_view_display_ad_renderer_web_home\u003dtrue\u0026enable_active_view_lr_shorts_video\u003dtrue\u0026enable_active_view_web_shorts_video\u003dtrue\u0026enable_ad_cpn_macro_substitution_for_click_pings\u003dtrue\u0026enable_ad_disclosure_banner_a11y_fix\u003dtrue\u0026enable_antiscraping_web_player_expired\u003dtrue\u0026enable_app_promo_endcap_eml_on_tablet\u003dtrue\u0026enable_automotive_form_factor_check\u003dtrue\u0026enable_av1_for_svod\u003dtrue\u0026enable_batched_cross_device_pings_in_gel_fanout\u003dtrue\u0026enable_capability_format_filter_in_watch_server\u003dtrue\u0026enable_cast_for_web_unplugged\u003dtrue\u0026enable_cast_on_music_web\u003dtrue\u0026enable_centered_caption_for_tvfilm_video\u003dtrue\u0026enable_cipher_for_manifest_urls\u003dtrue\u0026enable_cleanup_masthead_autoplay_hack_fix\u003dtrue\u0026enable_client_page_id_header_for_first_party_pings\u003dtrue\u0026enable_client_sli_logging\u003dtrue\u0026enable_client_ve_spec\u003dtrue\u0026enable_cta_banner_on_unplugged_lr\u003dtrue\u0026enable_custom_playhead_parsing\u003dtrue\u0026enable_dai_sdf_h5_preroll\u003dtrue\u0026enable_datasync_id_header_in_web_vss_pings\u003dtrue\u0026enable_default_mono_cta_migration_web_client\u003dtrue\u0026enable_dsa_ad_badge_for_action_endcap_on_android\u003dtrue\u0026enable_dsa_ad_badge_for_action_endcap_on_ios\u003dtrue\u0026enable_entity_store_from_dependency_injection\u003dtrue\u0026enable_error_corrections_infocard\u003dtrue\u0026enable_error_corrections_infocard_web_client\u003dtrue\u0026enable_error_corrections_infocard_web_client_check\u003dtrue\u0026enable_error_corrections_infocards_icon_web\u003dtrue\u0026enable_gel_log_commands\u003dtrue\u0026enable_get_reminder_button_on_web\u003dtrue\u0026enable_handles_account_menu_switcher\u003dtrue\u0026enable_inline_muted_playback_on_web_search\u003dtrue\u0026enable_inline_muted_playback_on_web_search_for_vdc\u003dtrue\u0026enable_inline_muted_playback_on_web_search_for_vdcb\u003dtrue\u0026enable_kabuki_comments_on_shorts\u003ddisabled\u0026enable_key_press_seek_logging\u003dtrue\u0026enable_ltc_param_fetch_from_innertube\u003dtrue\u0026enable_mixed_direction_formatted_strings\u003dtrue\u0026enable_modern_skip_button_on_web\u003dtrue\u0026enable_mweb_keyboard_shortcuts\u003dtrue\u0026enable_new_paid_product_placement\u003dtrue\u0026enable_open_in_new_tab_icon_for_short_dr_for_desktop_search\u003dtrue\u0026enable_out_of_stock_text_all_surfaces\u003dtrue\u0026enable_paid_content_overlay_bugfix\u003dtrue\u0026enable_pause_ads_on_ytv_html5\u003dtrue\u0026enable_po_decoration_of_forced_tracks\u003dtrue\u0026enable_policy_based_hqa_filter_in_watch_server\u003dtrue\u0026enable_progres_commands_lr_feeds\u003dtrue\u0026enable_progress_commands_el_dai\u003dtrue\u0026enable_progress_commands_lr_shorts\u003dtrue\u0026enable_publishing_region_param_in_sus\u003dtrue\u0026enable_pv_screen_modern_text\u003dtrue\u0026enable_redirect_linking_for_desktop_web_client\u003dtrue\u0026enable_rpr_token_on_ltl_lookup\u003dtrue\u0026enable_sabr_snackbar_message\u003dtrue\u0026enable_screen_manager_layer_separation\u003dtrue\u0026enable_sdf_companion_h5\u003dtrue\u0026enable_sdf_dai_h5_midroll\u003dtrue\u0026enable_sdf_h5_endemic_mid_post_roll\u003dtrue\u0026enable_sdf_on_h5_unplugged_vod_midroll\u003dtrue\u0026enable_sdf_shorts_player_bytes_h5\u003dtrue\u0026enable_server_driven_abr\u003dtrue\u0026enable_server_driven_abr_for_backgroundable\u003dtrue\u0026enable_server_driven_abr_url_generation\u003dtrue\u0026enable_server_driven_readahead\u003dtrue\u0026enable_server_stitched_dai\u003dtrue\u0026enable_shorts_player\u003dtrue\u0026enable_skip_ad_guidance_prompt\u003dtrue\u0026enable_skip_to_next_messaging\u003dtrue\u0026enable_skippable_ads_for_unplugged_ad_pod\u003dtrue\u0026enable_smart_skip_player_controls_shown_on_web\u003dtrue\u0026enable_smart_skip_player_controls_shown_on_web_increased_triggering_sensitivity\u003dtrue\u0026enable_smart_skip_speedmaster_on_web\u003dtrue\u0026enable_smearing_expansion_dai\u003dtrue\u0026enable_split_screen_ad_baseline_experience_endemic_live_h5\u003dtrue\u0026enable_split_screen_ad_on_endemic_live_h5\u003dtrue\u0026enable_tectonic_ad_ux_for_halftime\u003dtrue\u0026enable_to_call_playready_backend_directly\u003dtrue\u0026enable_topsoil_wta_for_halftime_live_infra\u003dtrue\u0026enable_unified_action_endcap_on_web\u003dtrue\u0026enable_video_display_compact_button_group_for_desktop_search\u003dtrue\u0026enable_voice_boost_feature\u003dtrue\u0026enable_vp9_appletv5_on_server\u003dtrue\u0026enable_watch_server_rejected_formats_logging\u003dtrue\u0026enable_web_delhi_icons\u003dtrue\u0026enable_web_home_top_landscape_image_layout_level_click\u003dtrue\u0026enable_web_media_session_metadata_fix\u003dtrue\u0026enable_web_premium_varispeed\u003dtrue\u0026enable_web_premium_varispeed_upsell\u003dtrue\u0026enable_web_shorts_audio_track\u003dtrue\u0026enable_web_tiered_gel\u003dtrue\u0026enable_wiz_queue_effect_and_on_init_initial_runs\u003dtrue\u0026enable_wn_infocards\u003dtrue\u0026enable_yt_ata_iframe_authuser\u003dtrue\u0026enable_ytv_csdai_vp9\u003dtrue\u0026expand_mediatek_denylist_to_all_live_vp9_in_backend_experiment\u003d[]\u0026export_networkless_options\u003dtrue\u0026export_player_version_to_ytconfig\u003dtrue\u0026fetch_att_independently\u003dtrue\u0026fill_live_request_config_in_ustreamer_config\u003dtrue\u0026fill_single_video_with_notify_to_lasr\u003dtrue\u0026filter_vb_without_non_vb_equivalents\u003dtrue\u0026fix_ad_miniplayer_controls_rendering\u003dtrue\u0026fix_ads_tracking_for_swf_config_deprecation_mweb\u003dtrue\u0026fix_h5_toggle_button_a11y\u003dtrue\u0026fix_survey_color_contrast_on_destop\u003dtrue\u0026fresca_polling_delay_override\u003d0\u0026gab_return_sabr_ssdai_config\u003dtrue\u0026gel_min_batch_size\u003d3\u0026gel_queue_timeout_max_ms\u003d300000\u0026gvi_channel_client_screen\u003dtrue\u0026h5_companion_enable_adcpn_macro_substitution_for_click_pings\u003dtrue\u0026h5_enable_ad_mbs\u003dtrue\u0026h5_inplayer_enable_adcpn_macro_substitution_for_click_pings\u003dtrue\u0026h5_reset_cache_and_filter_before_update_masthead\u003dtrue\u0026hfr_dropped_framerate_fallback_threshold\u003d0\u0026high_ccv_client_side_caching_h5\u003dtrue\u0026hls_use_new_codecs_string_api\u003dtrue\u0026html5_account_for_underrun_advance_in_sabr\u003dtrue\u0026html5_ad_timeout_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_adaptation_step_count\u003d0\u0026html5_ads_preroll_lock_timeout_delay_ms\u003d15000\u0026html5_allow_multiview_tile_preload\u003dtrue\u0026html5_allow_preloading_with_idle_only_network_for_sabr\u003dtrue\u0026html5_allow_video_keyframe_without_audio\u003dtrue\u0026html5_apply_constraints_in_client_for_sabr\u003dtrue\u0026html5_apply_min_failures\u003dtrue\u0026html5_apply_start_time_within_ads_for_ssdai_transitions\u003dtrue\u0026html5_atr_disable_force_fallback\u003dtrue\u0026html5_att_playback_timeout_ms\u003d30000\u0026html5_attach_num_random_bytes_to_bandaid\u003d0\u0026html5_attach_po_token_to_bandaid\u003dtrue\u0026html5_autonav_cap_idle_secs\u003d0\u0026html5_autonav_quality_cap\u003d720\u0026html5_autoplay_default_quality_cap\u003d0\u0026html5_auxiliary_estimate_weight\u003d0.0\u0026html5_av1_ordinal_cap\u003d0\u0026html5_bandaid_attach_content_po_token\u003dtrue\u0026html5_block_pip_safari_delay\u003d0\u0026html5_bypass_contention_secs\u003d0.0\u0026html5_byterate_soft_cap\u003d0\u0026html5_check_for_idle_network_interval_ms\u003d1000\u0026html5_chipset_soft_cap\u003d8192\u0026html5_consume_all_buffered_bytes_one_poll\u003dtrue\u0026html5_continuous_goodput_probe_interval_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_cuepoint_list_clear_on_seek\u003dtrue\u0026html5_d6de4_cloud_project_number\u003d868618676952\u0026html5_d6de4_defer_timeout_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_debug_data_log_probability\u003d0.0\u0026html5_decode_to_texture_cap\u003dtrue\u0026html5_default_ad_gain\u003d0.5\u0026html5_default_av1_threshold\u003d0\u0026html5_default_quality_cap\u003d0\u0026html5_defer_fetch_att_ms\u003d1000\u0026html5_delayed_retry_count\u003d1\u0026html5_delayed_retry_delay_ms\u003d5000\u0026html5_deprecate_adservice\u003dtrue\u0026html5_deprecate_manifestful_fallback\u003dtrue\u0026html5_deprecate_video_tag_pool\u003dtrue\u0026html5_desktop_vr180_allow_panning\u003dtrue\u0026html5_df_downgrade_thresh\u003d0.6\u0026html5_disable_bandwidth_cofactors_for_sabr_live\u003dtrue\u0026html5_disable_client_autonav_cap_for_onesie\u003dtrue\u0026html5_disable_loop_range_for_shorts_ads\u003dtrue\u0026html5_disable_move_pssh_to_moov\u003dtrue\u0026html5_disable_non_contiguous\u003dtrue\u0026html5_disable_peak_shave_for_onesie\u003dtrue\u0026html5_disable_ustreamer_constraint_for_sabr\u003dtrue\u0026html5_disable_web_safari_dai\u003dtrue\u0026html5_dispatch_tracklist_loaded_event\u003dtrue\u0026html5_displayed_frame_rate_downgrade_threshold\u003d45\u0026html5_drm_byterate_soft_cap\u003d0\u0026html5_drm_check_all_key_error_states\u003dtrue\u0026html5_drm_cpi_license_key\u003dtrue\u0026html5_drm_live_byterate_soft_cap\u003d0\u0026html5_early_media_for_sharper_shorts\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_ac3\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_audio_track_stickiness\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_audio_track_stickiness_phase_two\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_bandaid_error_screen\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_caption_changes_for_mosaic\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_composite_embargo\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_d6de4\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_d6de4_cold_start_and_error\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_d6de4_idle_priority_job\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_drc\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_drc_toggle_api\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_eac3\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_embedded_player_visibility_signals\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_encrypted_av1\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_media_serving_enforcement\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_media_serving_enforcement_when_has_preroll_ad\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_oduc\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_po_token_live_caption\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_progress_bar_slide_seek_logging\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_sabr_context_from_ump\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_sabr_drm_vod_streaming_xhr\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_sabr_format_selection\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_sabr_from_watch_server\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_sabr_host_fallback\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_sabr_ssdai_streaming_xhr\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_sabr_vod_streaming_xhr\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_server_driven_request_cancellation\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_sps_rebuffer_logs\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_sps_retry_backoff_metadata_requests\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_ssdai_transition_with_only_enter_cuerange\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_triggering_cuepoint_for_slot\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_tvos_dash\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_tvos_encrypted_vp9\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_voice_boost\u003dtrue\u0026html5_encourage_array_coalescing\u003dtrue\u0026html5_export_sodar_snapshot\u003dtrue\u0026html5_fill_default_mosaic_audio_track_id\u003dtrue\u0026html5_fix_drm_license_constraint_for_tv_and_onesie\u003dtrue\u0026html5_fix_multi_audio_offline_playback\u003dtrue\u0026html5_fixed_media_duration_for_request\u003d0\u0026html5_flush_index_on_updated_timestamp_offset\u003dtrue\u0026html5_force_sabr_from_watch_server_for_dfss\u003dtrue\u0026html5_forward_click_tracking_params_on_reload\u003dtrue\u0026html5_gapless_ad_autoplay_on_video_to_ad_only\u003dtrue\u0026html5_gapless_ended_transition_buffer_ms\u003d200\u0026html5_gapless_handoff_close_end_long_rebuffer_cfl\u003dtrue\u0026html5_gapless_handoff_close_end_long_rebuffer_delay_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_gapless_loop_seek_offset_in_milli\u003d0\u0026html5_gapless_slow_seek_cfl\u003dtrue\u0026html5_gapless_slow_seek_delay_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_gapless_slow_start_delay_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_generate_content_po_token\u003dtrue\u0026html5_generate_session_po_token\u003dtrue\u0026html5_gl_fps_threshold\u003d0\u0026html5_hard_cap_max_vertical_resolution_for_shorts\u003d0\u0026html5_hdcp_probing_stream_url\u003d\u0026html5_head_miss_secs\u003d0.0\u0026html5_hfr_quality_cap\u003d0\u0026html5_high_res_logging_percent\u003d0.01\u0026html5_high_res_seek_logging\u003dtrue\u0026html5_honor_caption_availabilities_in_audio_track\u003dtrue\u0026html5_hopeless_secs\u003d0\u0026html5_huli_ssdai_use_playback_state\u003dtrue\u0026html5_idle_rate_limit_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_ignore_partial_segment_from_live_readahead\u003dtrue\u0026html5_ignore_sabrseek_during_adskip\u003dtrue\u0026html5_innertube_heartbeats_for_fairplay\u003dtrue\u0026html5_innertube_heartbeats_for_playready\u003dtrue\u0026html5_innertube_heartbeats_for_widevine\u003dtrue\u0026html5_jumbo_mobile_subsegment_readahead_target\u003d3.0\u0026html5_jumbo_ull_nonstreaming_mffa_ms\u003d4000\u0026html5_jumbo_ull_subsegment_readahead_target\u003d1.3\u0026html5_kabuki_drm_live_51_default_off\u003dtrue\u0026html5_license_constraint_delay\u003d5000\u0026html5_live_abr_head_miss_fraction\u003d0.0\u0026html5_live_abr_repredict_fraction\u003d0.0\u0026html5_live_chunk_readahead_proxima_override\u003d0\u0026html5_live_head_playable\u003dtrue\u0026html5_live_low_latency_bandwidth_window\u003d0.0\u0026html5_live_normal_latency_bandwidth_window\u003d0.0\u0026html5_live_quality_cap\u003d0\u0026html5_live_ultra_low_latency_bandwidth_window\u003d0.0\u0026html5_liveness_drift_chunk_override\u003d0\u0026html5_liveness_drift_proxima_override\u003d0\u0026html5_log_audio_abr\u003dtrue\u0026html5_log_experiment_id_from_player_response_to_ctmp\u003d\u0026html5_log_first_ssdai_requests_killswitch\u003dtrue\u0026html5_log_rebuffer_events\u003d5\u0026html5_log_trigger_events_with_debug_data\u003dtrue\u0026html5_log_vss_extra_lr_cparams_freq\u003d\u0026html5_long_rebuffer_jiggle_cmt_delay_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_long_rebuffer_threshold_ms\u003d30000\u0026html5_manifestless_unplugged\u003dtrue\u0026html5_manifestless_vp9_otf\u003dtrue\u0026html5_max_buffer_health_for_downgrade_prop\u003d0.0\u0026html5_max_buffer_health_for_downgrade_secs\u003d0.0\u0026html5_max_byterate\u003d0\u0026html5_max_discontinuity_rewrite_count\u003d0\u0026html5_max_drift_per_track_secs\u003d0.0\u0026html5_max_headm_for_streaming_xhr\u003d0\u0026html5_max_live_dvr_window_plus_margin_secs\u003d46800.0\u0026html5_max_quality_sel_upgrade\u003d0\u0026html5_max_redirect_response_length\u003d8192\u0026html5_max_selectable_quality_ordinal\u003d0\u0026html5_max_vertical_resolution\u003d0\u0026html5_maximum_readahead_seconds\u003d0.0\u0026html5_media_fullscreen\u003dtrue\u0026html5_media_time_weight\u003dtrue\u0026html5_media_time_weight_prop\u003d0.0\u0026html5_min_failures_to_delay_retry\u003d3\u0026html5_min_media_duration_for_append_prop\u003d0.0\u0026html5_min_media_duration_for_cabr_slice\u003d0.01\u0026html5_min_playback_advance_for_steady_state_secs\u003d0\u0026html5_min_quality_ordinal\u003d0\u0026html5_min_readbehind_cap_secs\u003d60\u0026html5_min_readbehind_secs\u003d0\u0026html5_min_seconds_between_format_selections\u003d0.0\u0026html5_min_selectable_quality_ordinal\u003d0\u0026html5_min_startup_buffered_media_duration_for_live_secs\u003d0.0\u0026html5_min_startup_buffered_media_duration_secs\u003d1.2\u0026html5_min_startup_duration_live_secs\u003d0.25\u0026html5_min_underrun_buffered_pre_steady_state_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_min_upgrade_health_secs\u003d0.0\u0026html5_minimum_readahead_seconds\u003d0.0\u0026html5_mock_content_binding_for_session_token\u003d\u0026html5_move_disable_airplay\u003dtrue\u0026html5_no_placeholder_rollbacks\u003dtrue\u0026html5_non_onesie_attach_po_token\u003dtrue\u0026html5_offline_download_timeout_retry_limit\u003d4\u0026html5_offline_failure_retry_limit\u003d2\u0026html5_offline_playback_position_sync\u003dtrue\u0026html5_offline_prevent_redownload_downloaded_video\u003dtrue\u0026html5_onesie_audio_only_playback\u003dtrue\u0026html5_onesie_check_timeout\u003dtrue\u0026html5_onesie_defer_content_loader_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_onesie_live_ttl_secs\u003d8\u0026html5_onesie_prewarm_interval_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_onesie_prewarm_max_lact_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_onesie_redirector_timeout_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_onesie_send_streamer_context\u003dtrue\u0026html5_onesie_use_signed_onesie_ustreamer_config\u003dtrue\u0026html5_override_micro_discontinuities_threshold_ms\u003d-1\u0026html5_paced_poll_min_health_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_paced_poll_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_pause_on_nonforeground_platform_errors\u003dtrue\u0026html5_peak_shave\u003dtrue\u0026html5_perf_cap_override_sticky\u003dtrue\u0026html5_performance_cap_floor\u003d360\u0026html5_perserve_av1_perf_cap\u003dtrue\u0026html5_picture_in_picture_logging_onresize_ratio\u003d0.0\u0026html5_platform_max_buffer_health_oversend_duration_secs\u003d0.0\u0026html5_platform_minimum_readahead_seconds\u003d0.0\u0026html5_platform_whitelisted_for_frame_accurate_seeks\u003dtrue\u0026html5_player_att_initial_delay_ms\u003d1000\u0026html5_player_att_retry_delay_ms\u003d1500\u0026html5_player_autonav_logging\u003dtrue\u0026html5_player_dynamic_bottom_gradient\u003dtrue\u0026html5_player_es6\u003dtrue\u0026html5_player_min_build_cl\u003d-1\u0026html5_player_preload_ad_fix\u003dtrue\u0026html5_post_interrupt_readahead\u003d20\u0026html5_prefer_language_over_codec\u003dtrue\u0026html5_prefer_server_bwe3\u003dtrue\u0026html5_preload_before_initial_seek_with_sabr\u003dtrue\u0026html5_preload_wait_time_secs\u003d0.0\u0026html5_prevent_mobile_background_play_on_event_shared\u003dtrue\u0026html5_probe_primary_delay_base_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_process_all_encrypted_events\u003dtrue\u0026html5_qoe_proto_mock_length\u003d0\u0026html5_query_sw_secure_crypto_for_android\u003dtrue\u0026html5_random_playback_cap\u003d0\u0026html5_recognize_predict_start_cue_point\u003dtrue\u0026html5_record_is_offline_on_playback_attempt_start\u003dtrue\u0026html5_record_ump_timing\u003dtrue\u0026html5_reload_by_kabuki_app\u003dtrue\u0026html5_remove_command_triggered_companions\u003dtrue\u0026html5_remove_not_servable_check_killswitch\u003dtrue\u0026html5_remove_ssdai_append_pause\u003dtrue\u0026html5_report_fatal_drm_restricted_error_killswitch\u003dtrue\u0026html5_report_slow_ads_as_error\u003dtrue\u0026html5_repredict_interval_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_request_only_hdr_or_sdr_keys\u003dtrue\u0026html5_request_size_max_kb\u003d0\u0026html5_request_size_min_kb\u003d0\u0026html5_reseek_after_time_jump_cfl\u003dtrue\u0026html5_reseek_after_time_jump_delay_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_resource_bad_status_delay_scaling\u003d1.5\u0026html5_restrict_streaming_xhr_on_sqless_requests\u003dtrue\u0026html5_retry_downloads_for_expiration\u003dtrue\u0026html5_retry_on_drm_key_error\u003dtrue\u0026html5_retry_on_drm_unavailable\u003dtrue\u0026html5_retry_quota_exceeded_via_seek\u003dtrue\u0026html5_return_playback_if_already_preloaded\u003dtrue\u0026html5_sabr_enable_server_xtag_selection\u003dtrue\u0026html5_sabr_fetch_on_idle_network_preloaded_players\u003dtrue\u0026html5_sabr_force_max_network_interruption_duration_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_sabr_ignore_skipad_before_completion\u003dtrue\u0026html5_sabr_live_drm_streaming_xhr\u003dtrue\u0026html5_sabr_live_low_latency_streaming_xhr\u003dtrue\u0026html5_sabr_live_normal_latency_streaming_xhr\u003dtrue\u0026html5_sabr_live_timing\u003dtrue\u0026html5_sabr_live_ultra_low_latency_streaming_xhr\u003dtrue\u0026html5_sabr_log_server_xtag_selection_onesie_mismatch\u003dtrue\u0026html5_sabr_min_media_bytes_factor_to_append_for_stream\u003d0.0\u0026html5_sabr_non_streaming_xhr_soft_cap\u003d0\u0026html5_sabr_non_streaming_xhr_vod_request_cancellation_timeout_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_sabr_remove_all_quality_constraints_for_drm_traffic\u003dtrue\u0026html5_sabr_report_partial_segment_estimated_duration\u003dtrue\u0026html5_sabr_report_request_cancellation_info\u003dtrue\u0026html5_sabr_request_limit_per_period\u003d20\u0026html5_sabr_seek_no_shift_tolerance\u003dtrue\u0026html5_sabr_skip_client_audio_init_selection\u003dtrue\u0026html5_sabr_unused_bloat_size_bytes\u003d0\u0026html5_samsung_kant_limit_max_bitrate\u003d0\u0026html5_seek_jiggle_cmt_delay_ms\u003d8000\u0026html5_seek_new_elem_delay_ms\u003d12000\u0026html5_seek_new_elem_shorts_delay_ms\u003d2000\u0026html5_seek_new_media_element_shorts_reuse_cfl\u003dtrue\u0026html5_seek_new_media_element_shorts_reuse_delay_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_seek_new_media_source_shorts_reuse_cfl\u003dtrue\u0026html5_seek_new_media_source_shorts_reuse_delay_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_seek_set_cmt_delay_ms\u003d2000\u0026html5_seek_timeout_delay_ms\u003d20000\u0026html5_send_cuepoint_id_in_ad_break_request\u003dtrue\u0026html5_send_serialized_one_time_qoe_context_data\u003dtrue\u0026html5_serve_start_seconds_seek_for_post_live_sabr\u003dtrue\u0026html5_server_stitched_dai_decorated_url_retry_limit\u003d5\u0026html5_server_stitched_dai_group\u003dtrue\u0026html5_session_po_token_interval_time_ms\u003d900000\u0026html5_set_video_id_as_expected_content_binding\u003dtrue\u0026html5_shorts_gapless_ad_slow_start_cfl\u003dtrue\u0026html5_shorts_gapless_ad_slow_start_delay_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_shorts_gapless_next_buffer_in_seconds\u003d0\u0026html5_shorts_gapless_no_gllat\u003dtrue\u0026html5_shorts_gapless_slow_start_delay_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_show_drc_toggle\u003dtrue\u0026html5_simplified_backup_timeout_sabr_live\u003dtrue\u0026html5_skip_empty_po_token\u003dtrue\u0026html5_skip_slow_ad_delay_ms\u003d15000\u0026html5_slow_start_no_media_source_delay_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_slow_start_timeout_delay_ms\u003d20000\u0026html5_ssdai_clear_backoff_on_cuepoint_list_resolved\u003dtrue\u0026html5_ssdai_enable_media_end_cue_range\u003dtrue\u0026html5_ssdai_enable_new_seek_logic\u003dtrue\u0026html5_ssdai_failure_retry_limit\u003d0\u0026html5_ssdai_log_missing_ad_config_reason\u003dtrue\u0026html5_stall_factor\u003d0.0\u0026html5_sticky_duration_mos\u003d0\u0026html5_store_xhr_headers_readable\u003dtrue\u0026html5_streaming_resilience\u003dtrue\u0026html5_streaming_xhr_time_based_consolidation_ms\u003d-1\u0026html5_subsegment_readahead_load_speed_check_interval\u003d0.5\u0026html5_subsegment_readahead_min_buffer_health_secs\u003d0.25\u0026html5_subsegment_readahead_min_buffer_health_secs_on_timeout\u003d0.1\u0026html5_subsegment_readahead_min_load_speed\u003d1.5\u0026html5_subsegment_readahead_seek_latency_fudge\u003d0.5\u0026html5_subsegment_readahead_target_buffer_health_secs\u003d0.5\u0026html5_subsegment_readahead_timeout_secs\u003d2.0\u0026html5_track_overshoot\u003dtrue\u0026html5_transfer_processing_logs_interval\u003d1000\u0026html5_trigger_loader_when_idle_network\u003dtrue\u0026html5_ugc_live_audio_51\u003dtrue\u0026html5_ugc_vod_audio_51\u003dtrue\u0026html5_unreported_seek_reseek_delay_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_update_time_on_seeked\u003dtrue\u0026html5_use_date_now_for_local_storage\u003dtrue\u0026html5_use_init_selected_audio\u003dtrue\u0026html5_use_jsonformatter_to_parse_player_response\u003dtrue\u0026html5_use_non_active_broadcast_for_post_live\u003dtrue\u0026html5_use_post_for_media\u003dtrue\u0026html5_use_shared_owl_instance\u003dtrue\u0026html5_use_ump\u003dtrue\u0026html5_use_ump_request_slicer\u003dtrue\u0026html5_use_ump_timing\u003dtrue\u0026html5_use_video_quality_cap_for_ustreamer_constraint\u003dtrue\u0026html5_use_video_transition_endpoint_heartbeat\u003dtrue\u0026html5_video_tbd_min_kb\u003d0\u0026html5_viewport_undersend_maximum\u003d0.0\u0026html5_volume_slider_tooltip\u003dtrue\u0026html5_web_po_experiment_ids\u003d[]\u0026html5_web_po_request_key\u003d\u0026html5_web_po_token_disable_caching\u003dtrue\u0026html5_webpo_idle_priority_job\u003dtrue\u0026html5_webpo_kaios_defer_timeout_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_woffle_resume\u003dtrue\u0026html5_workaround_delay_trigger\u003dtrue\u0026idb_immediate_commit\u003dtrue\u0026ignore_overlapping_cue_points_on_endemic_live_html5\u003dtrue\u0026il_attach_cache_limit\u003dtrue\u0026il_payload_scraping\u003d\u0026il_use_view_model_logging_context\u003dtrue\u0026initial_gel_batch_timeout\u003d2000\u0026injected_license_handler_error_code\u003d0\u0026injected_license_handler_license_status\u003d0\u0026ios_and_android_fresca_polling_delay_override\u003d0\u0026itdrm_always_generate_media_keys\u003dtrue\u0026itdrm_always_use_widevine_sdk\u003dtrue\u0026itdrm_disable_external_key_rotation_system_ids\u003d[]\u0026itdrm_enable_revocation_reporting\u003dtrue\u0026itdrm_injected_license_service_error_code\u003d0\u0026itdrm_set_sabr_license_constraint\u003dtrue\u0026itdrm_use_fairplay_sdk\u003dtrue\u0026itdrm_use_widevine_sdk_for_premium_content\u003dtrue\u0026itdrm_use_widevine_sdk_only_for_sampled_dod\u003dtrue\u0026itdrm_widevine_hardened_vmp_mode\u003dlog\u0026json_condensed_response\u003dtrue\u0026kevlar_command_handler_command_banlist\u003d[]\u0026kevlar_delhi_modern_web_endscreen_ideal_tile_width_percentage\u003d0.27\u0026kevlar_delhi_modern_web_endscreen_max_rows\u003d2\u0026kevlar_delhi_modern_web_endscreen_max_width\u003d500\u0026kevlar_delhi_modern_web_endscreen_min_width\u003d200\u0026kevlar_gel_error_routing\u003dtrue\u0026kevlar_miniplayer_expand_top\u003dtrue\u0026kevlar_miniplayer_play_pause_on_scrim\u003dtrue\u0026kevlar_playback_associated_queue\u003dtrue\u0026kevlar_use_wil_icons\u003dtrue\u0026kevlar_vimio_use_shared_monitor\u003dtrue\u0026kevlar_woffle\u003dtrue\u0026launch_license_service_all_ott_videos_automatic_fail_open\u003dtrue\u0026limit_ytcsi_debug_array_size\u003dtrue\u0026live_chat_enable_rta_manager\u003dtrue\u0026live_chunk_readahead\u003d3\u0026log_click_with_layer_from_element_in_command_handler\u003dtrue\u0026log_gel_compression_latency\u003dtrue\u0026log_heartbeat_with_lifecycles\u003dtrue\u0026log_ssdai_decoration_failure_if_missing_ad_break_status\u003dtrue\u0026log_window_onerror_fraction\u003d0.1\u0026manifestless_post_live\u003dtrue\u0026manifestless_post_live_ufph\u003dtrue\u0026max_body_size_to_compress\u003d500000\u0026max_cdfe_quality_ordinal\u003d0\u0026max_prefetch_window_sec_for_livestream_optimization\u003d10\u0026max_resolution_for_white_noise\u003d360\u0026mdx_enable_privacy_disclosure_ui\u003dtrue\u0026mdx_load_cast_api_bootstrap_script\u003dtrue\u0026migrate_remaining_web_ad_badges_to_innertube\u003dtrue\u0026min_prefetch_offset_sec_for_livestream_optimization\u003d20\u0026mta_drc_mutual_exclusion_removal\u003dtrue\u0026music_enable_shared_audio_tier_logic\u003dtrue\u0026mweb_account_linking_noapp\u003dtrue\u0026mweb_enable_click_to_play_pause\u003dtrue\u0026mweb_enable_fine_scrubbing_for_recs\u003dtrue\u0026mweb_enable_more_chunks\u003dtrue\u0026mweb_native_control_in_faux_fullscreen_shared\u003dtrue\u0026mweb_player_control_on_hover\u003dtrue\u0026mweb_progress_bar_seek_on_mouse_click\u003dtrue\u0026mweb_shorts_comments_panel_id_change\u003dtrue\u0026network_polling_interval\u003d30000\u0026networkless_logging\u003dtrue\u0026new_codecs_string_api_uses_legacy_style\u003dtrue\u0026no_drm_on_demand_with_cc_license\u003dtrue\u0026no_filler_video_for_ssa_playbacks\u003dtrue\u0026offline_error_handling\u003dtrue\u0026onesie_add_gfe_frontline_to_player_request\u003dtrue\u0026onesie_enable_override_headm\u003dtrue\u0026override_drm_required_playback_policy_channels\u003d[]\u0026pageid_as_header_web\u003dtrue\u0026par_at_ep\u003dtrue\u0026pdg_enable_creator_goals_animations\u003dtrue\u0026player_ads_set_adformat_on_client\u003dtrue\u0026player_bootstrap_method\u003dtrue\u0026player_controls_volume_controls_use_player_props\u003dtrue\u0026player_destroy_old_version\u003dtrue\u0026player_doubletap_to_seek\u003dtrue\u0026player_enable_playback_playlist_change\u003dtrue\u0026player_new_info_card_format\u003dtrue\u0026player_underlay_min_player_width\u003d768.0\u0026player_underlay_video_width_fraction\u003d0.6\u0026player_web_canary\u003dtrue\u0026player_web_canary_stage\u003d3\u0026player_web_is_canary\u003dtrue\u0026playready_first_play_expiration\u003d-1\u0026podcasts_videostats_default_flush_interval_seconds\u003d0\u0026polymer_bad_build_labels\u003dtrue\u0026polymer_verifiy_app_state\u003dtrue\u0026populate_format_set_info_in_cdfe_formats\u003dtrue\u0026populate_head_minus_in_watch_server\u003dtrue\u0026preskip_button_style_ads_backend\u003dcountdown_next_to_thumbnail\u0026proxima_auto_threshold_max_network_interruption_duration_ms\u003d0\u0026proxima_auto_threshold_min_bandwidth_estimate_bytes_per_sec\u003d0\u0026qoe_nwl_downloads\u003dtrue\u0026qoe_send_and_write\u003dtrue\u0026quality_cap_for_inline_non_app_ads\u003d0\u0026quality_cap_for_inline_playback\u003d0\u0026quality_cap_for_inline_playback_ads\u003d0\u0026read_ahead_model_name\u003d\u0026record_app_crashed_web\u003dtrue\u0026refactor_mta_default_track_selection\u003dtrue\u0026reject_hidden_live_formats\u003dtrue\u0026reject_live_vp9_mq_clear_with_no_abr_ladder\u003dtrue\u0026remove_chevron_from_ad_disclosure_banner_h5\u003dtrue\u0026remove_masthead_channel_banner_on_refresh\u003dtrue\u0026remove_slot_id_exited_trigger_for_dai_in_player_slot_expire\u003dtrue\u0026replace_playability_retriever_in_watch\u003dtrue\u0026return_drm_product_unknown_for_clear_playbacks\u003dtrue\u0026sabr_enable_host_fallback\u003dtrue\u0026self_podding_header_string_template\u003dself_podding_interstitial_message\u0026self_podding_midroll_choice_string_template\u003dself_podding_midroll_choice\u0026send_config_hash_timer\u003d0\u0026serve_adaptive_fmts_for_live_streams\u003dtrue\u0026set_interstitial_advertisers_question_text\u003dtrue\u0026set_mock_id_as_expected_content_binding\u003d\u0026shell_load_gcf\u003dtrue\u0026shorts_mode_to_player_api\u003dtrue\u0026should_attribute_to_watch_with_source\u003d[]\u0026should_clear_video_data_on_player_cued_unstarted\u003dtrue\u0026simply_embedded_enable_botguard\u003dtrue\u0026skip_ls_gel_retry\u003dtrue\u0026slow_compressions_before_abandon_count\u003d4\u0026small_avatars_for_comments\u003dtrue\u0026smart_skip_web_player_bar_min_hover_length_milliseconds\u003d1000\u0026smarter_ve_dedupping\u003dtrue\u0026speedmaster_cancellation_movement_dp\u003d10\u0026speedmaster_playback_rate\u003d2.0\u0026speedmaster_touch_activation_ms\u003d500\u0026sps_enable_antiscraping_rules\u003dtrue\u0026start_async_playability_lazy_dependencies\u003dtrue\u0026start_client_gcf\u003dtrue\u0026stop_handling_click_for_non_rendering_overlay_layout\u003dtrue\u0026streaming_data_emergency_itag_blacklist\u003d[]\u0026substitute_ad_cpn_macro_in_ssdai\u003dtrue\u0026suppress_error_204_logging\u003dtrue\u0026transport_use_scheduler\u003dtrue\u0026trim_adaptive_formats_signature_cipher_for_sabr_content\u003dtrue\u0026trim_adaptive_formats_url_for_media_barrier\u003dtrue\u0026tvhtml5_unplugged_preload_cache_size\u003d5\u0026use_cue_range_marker_position\u003dtrue\u0026use_event_time_ms_header\u003dtrue\u0026use_fifo_for_networkless\u003dtrue\u0026use_generated_media_keys_in_fairplay_requests\u003dtrue\u0026use_inlined_player_rpc\u003dtrue\u0026use_new_codecs_string_api\u003dtrue\u0026use_request_time_ms_header\u003dtrue\u0026use_rta_for_player\u003dtrue\u0026use_rta_for_player_hb\u003dtrue\u0026use_rta_only_for_player\u003dtrue\u0026use_session_based_sampling\u003dtrue\u0026use_simplified_remove_webm_rules\u003dtrue\u0026use_thumbnail_overlay_time_status_renderer_for_live_badge\u003dtrue\u0026use_video_playback_premium_signal\u003dtrue\u0026variable_buffer_timeout_ms\u003d0\u0026vp9_drm_live\u003dtrue\u0026vss_final_ping_send_and_write\u003dtrue\u0026vss_pings_using_networkless\u003dtrue\u0026vss_playback_use_send_and_write\u003dtrue\u0026web_add_footer_template_to_audio_track\u003dtrue\u0026web_api_url\u003dtrue\u0026web_attention_logging_scroll_throttle\u003d500.0\u0026web_big_boards\u003dtrue\u0026web_big_boards_enable_in_inline\u003dtrue\u0026web_big_boards_enable_in_miniplayer\u003dtrue\u0026web_button_view_model_non_nullish_data\u003dtrue\u0026web_button_vm_refactor_disabled\u003dtrue\u0026web_cinematic_watch_settings\u003dtrue\u0026web_client_version_override\u003d\u0026web_collect_offline_state\u003dtrue\u0026web_csi_action_sampling_enabled\u003dtrue\u0026web_csi_debug_sample_enabled\u003dtrue\u0026web_dedupe_ve_grafting\u003dtrue\u0026web_disable_chip_view_model_mutation\u003dtrue\u0026web_enable_ab_rsp_cl\u003dtrue\u0026web_enable_course_icon_update\u003dtrue\u0026web_enable_entity_upsert_on_update\u003dtrue\u0026web_enable_error_204\u003dtrue\u0026web_enable_keyboard_shortcut_for_timely_actions\u003dtrue\u0026web_enable_shopping_timely_shelf_client\u003dtrue\u0026web_enable_speedmaster\u003dtrue\u0026web_enable_timely_actions\u003dtrue\u0026web_enable_varispeed_panel\u003dtrue\u0026web_fix_fine_scrubbing_false_play\u003dtrue\u0026web_foreground_heartbeat_interval_ms\u003d28000\u0026web_forward_command_on_pbj\u003dtrue\u0026web_fullscreen_shorts\u003dtrue\u0026web_gcf_hashes_innertube\u003dtrue\u0026web_gel_debounce_ms\u003d60000\u0026web_gel_timeout_cap\u003dtrue\u0026web_heat_map_v2\u003dtrue\u0026web_hide_next_button\u003dtrue\u0026web_hide_watch_info_empty\u003dtrue\u0026web_hide_your_data_on_automotive\u003dtrue\u0026web_infocards_teaser_show_logging_fix\u003dtrue\u0026web_key_moments_markers\u003dtrue\u0026web_l3_storyboard\u003dtrue\u0026web_load_prediction_threshold\u003d0.3\u0026web_log_memory_total_kbytes\u003dtrue\u0026web_logging_max_batch\u003d150\u0026web_max_tracing_events\u003d50\u0026web_modern_buttons\u003dtrue\u0026web_navigation_prediction_threshold\u003d0.1\u0026web_new_autonav_countdown\u003dtrue\u0026web_op_signal_type_banlist\u003d[]\u0026web_playback_associated_log_ctt\u003dtrue\u0026web_playback_associated_ve\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_api_logging_fraction\u003d0.01\u0026web_player_autonav_use_server_provided_state\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_big_mode_screen_width_cutoff\u003d4001\u0026web_player_default_peeking_px\u003d0\u0026web_player_delhi_dtts\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_enable_featured_product_banner_exclusives_on_desktop\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_enable_featured_product_banner_promotion_text_on_desktop\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_enable_fullscreen_grid_components\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_enable_premium_hbr_in_h5_api\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_enable_premium_hbr_playback_cap\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_frosted_glass_blur_radius\u003d16\u0026web_player_frosted_glass_blur_radius_float\u003d16.0\u0026web_player_grid_natural_scroll\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_innertube_playlist_update\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_invisible_fullscreen_button\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_ipp_canary_type_for_logging\u003dexperiment\u0026web_player_log_click_before_generating_ve_conversion_params\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_miniplayer_in_context_menu\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_mouse_idle_wait_time_ms\u003d3000\u0026web_player_move_autonav_toggle\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_music_visualizer_treatment\u003dfake\u0026web_player_nitrate_promo_tooltip\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_offline_playlist_auto_refresh\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_overlay_positioned_layout\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_pip_logging_fix\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_playable_sequences_refactor\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_pt_tt\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_quick_hide_timeout_ms\u003d250\u0026web_player_rtr_ctrls\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_seek_chapters_by_shortcut\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_seek_overlay_additional_arrow_threshold\u003d200\u0026web_player_seek_overlay_duration_bump_scale\u003d0.9\u0026web_player_seek_overlay_linger_duration\u003d1000\u0026web_player_sentinel_is_uniplayer\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_show_music_in_this_video_graphic\u003dvideo_thumbnail\u0026web_player_spacebar_control_bugfix\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_ss_dai_ad_fetching_timeout_ms\u003d15000\u0026web_player_ss_media_time_offset\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_touch_idle_wait_time_ms\u003d4000\u0026web_player_transfer_timeout_threshold_ms\u003d10800000\u0026web_player_updated_entrypoint\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_use_cinematic_label_2\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_use_new_api_for_quality_pullback\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_use_screen_width_for_big_mode\u003dtrue\u0026web_prefetch_preload_video\u003dtrue\u0026web_progress_bar_draggable\u003dtrue\u0026web_remix_allow_up_to_3x_playback_rate\u003dtrue\u0026web_remove_broken_subscribe_endscreen\u003dtrue\u0026web_reset_lact_on_media_actions\u003dtrue\u0026web_session_replay_send_after_timeout\u003d0\u0026web_settings_menu_icons\u003dtrue\u0026web_settings_menu_surface_custom_playback\u003dtrue\u0026web_settings_use_input_slider\u003dtrue\u0026web_shorts_audio_track_picker\u003dtrue\u0026web_sleep_timer\u003dtrue\u0026web_speedmaster_spacebar_control\u003dtrue\u0026web_tracing_enabled_spans\u003d[event, command]\u0026web_tracing_session_replay\u003d0\u0026web_watch_enable_fs_squeezeback_panels\u003dtrue\u0026webpo_exit_on_net_err\u003dtrue\u0026wil_icon_max_concurrent_fetches\u003d9999\u0026wil_icon_render_when_idle\u003dtrue\u0026wiz_diff_overwritable\u003dtrue\u0026wiz_wrapper_callback_props_fix\u003dtrue\u0026woffle_enable_download_status\u003dtrue\u0026woffle_orchestration\u003dtrue\u0026write_reload_player_response_token_to_ustreamer_config_for_vod\u003dtrue\u0026ws_av1_max_height_floor\u003d0\u0026ws_av1_max_width_floor\u003d0\u0026ws_use_centralized_hqa_filter\u003dtrue\u0026wug_networking_gzip_request\u003dtrue\u0026ytcsi_debug_max_size\u003d100\u0026ytidb_remake_db_retries\u003d3\u0026ytidb_reopen_db_retries\u003d3\u0026ytidb_transaction_ended_event_rate_limit\u003d0.02","disableFullscreen":true,"cspNonce":"1FEbiaPymPRwluOaunvWMg","canaryState":"canary","enableCsiLogging":true,"csiPageType":"watch","disableMdxCast":true,"datasyncId":"V0afcd696||","disablePaidContentOverlay":true,"canaryStage":"MEDIUM","trustedJsUrl":{"privateDoNotAccessOrElseTrustedResourceUrlWrappedValue":"/s/player/bcd88ad3/player_es6.vflset/en_US/base.js"},"trustedCssUrl":{"privateDoNotAccessOrElseTrustedResourceUrlWrappedValue":"/s/player/bcd88ad3/www-player.css"},"serializedClientExperimentFlags":"45713225\u003d0\u002645718175\u003d0.0\u002645718176\u003d0.0\u002645725538\u003d0.0\u002645725539\u003d0.0\u002645725540\u003d0.0\u002645725541\u003d0.0\u002645725542\u003d0.0\u002645725543\u003d0.0\u002645728334\u003d0.0\u002645728572\u003dtrue\u002645729215\u003dtrue\u002645732704\u003dtrue\u002645732791\u003dtrue\u002645735428\u003d4000.0\u002645737488\u003d0.0\u002645737489\u003d0.0\u002645739023\u003d0.0\u002645741339\u003d0.0\u002645741773\u003d0.0\u002645743228\u003d0.0\u002645746966\u003d0.0\u002645746967\u003d0.0\u002645747053\u003d0.0\u002645750947\u003d10240\u002645756201\u003dtrue\u002645756872\u003d0.0\u002645757426\u003d0.0\u002645757427\u003d0.0\u002645757750\u003d0.0\u002645757957\u003d0.0\u002645758467\u003d0.0\u002645760018\u003dtrue\u002645761760\u003d200\u002645762838\u003d0\u002645764217\u003d0.0\u002645764252\u003d0.0\u002645764523\u003d0.0\u002645764524\u003d0.0\u002645764593\u003d0.0\u002645765077\u003dtrue\u002645765568\u003d0.0\u002645765602\u003d0.0\u002645767763\u003d0.0\u002645767943\u003d0.0\u002645768340\u003d0.0\u002645768430\u003d0.0\u002645769119\u003dtrue\u002645769214\u003d0.0\u002645770001\u003d0.0\u002645770002\u003d0.0\u002645770135\u003dtrue\u002645771890\u003d0.0\u002645773603\u003d0.0\u002645773604\u003d0.0\u002645775791\u003d0.0\u002645775792\u003d0.0\u002645778663\u003d0.0\u002645778671\u003d0.0"},"WEB_PLAYER_CONTEXT_CONFIG_ID_HANDLES_CLAIMING":{"rootElementId":"ytd-handles-claiming-video-item-renderer","jsUrl":"/s/player/bcd88ad3/player_es6.vflset/en_US/base.js","cssUrl":"/s/player/bcd88ad3/www-player.css","contextId":"WEB_PLAYER_CONTEXT_CONFIG_ID_HANDLES_CLAIMING","eventLabel":"handlesclaiming","contentRegion":"NP","hl":"en_US","hostLanguage":"en","playerStyle":"desktop-polymer","innertubeApiKey":"AIzaSyAO_FJ2SlqU8Q4STEHLGCilw_Y9_11qcW8","innertubeApiVersion":"v1","innertubeContextClientVersion":"2.20260424.01.00","disableRelatedVideos":true,"device":{"brand":"apple","model":"","browser":"Chrome","browserVersion":"124.0.0.0","os":"Macintosh","osVersion":"10_15_7","platform":"DESKTOP","interfaceName":"WEB","interfaceVersion":"2.20260424.01.00"},"serializedExperimentIds":"24004644,24499534,39325854,51010235,51063643,51072748,51095478,51098299,51204329,51222973,51300176,51300241,51314158,51340662,51349914,51353393,51366423,51389629,51459470,51467676,51470301,51472205,51490331,51505436,51530495,51534669,51547388,51565116,51578633,51583821,51605258,51609829,51619706,51620867,51622845,51635955,51638932,51646450,51648336,51672162,51681662,51683502,51684560,51698285,51705976,51708061,51713176,51715023,51717747,51719112,51720353,51729218,51740148,51742377,51763897,51774882,51784587,51798928,51801292,51802233,51803128,51803199,51803587,51804539,51807293,51811903,51819635,51820067,51829421,51839674,51839732,51841270,51844842,51847710,51849664,51851862,51855288,51856590,51866874,51866997,51869208,51876388,51881461,51885343,51887880,51889002,51890561,51892086,51893373,51899026,51908397","serializedExperimentFlags":"H5_async_logging_delay_ms\u003d30000.0\u0026a11y_h5_associate_survey_question\u003dtrue\u0026ab_det_apb_b\u003dtrue\u0026ab_det_apm\u003dtrue\u0026ab_det_el_h\u003dtrue\u0026action_companion_center_align_description\u003dtrue\u0026ad_pod_disable_companion_persist_ads_quality\u003dtrue\u0026add_stmp_logs_for_voice_boost\u003dtrue\u0026allow_autohide_on_paused_videos\u003dtrue\u0026allow_drm_override\u003dtrue\u0026allow_live_autoplay\u003dtrue\u0026allow_poltergust_autoplay\u003dtrue\u0026allow_skip_networkless\u003dtrue\u0026allow_vb_audio_formats\u003dtrue\u0026allow_vb_audio_formats_with_mta\u003dtrue\u0026allow_vp9_1080p_mq_enc\u003dtrue\u0026always_cache_redirect_endpoint\u003dtrue\u0026annotation_module_vast_cards_load_logging_fraction\u003d0.0\u0026assign_drm_family_by_format\u003dtrue\u0026att_web_record_metrics\u003dtrue\u0026attach_experiment_propagation_context_to_config\u003dtrue\u0026attention_logging_scroll_throttle\u003d500.0\u0026attmusi\u003dtrue\u0026autoplay_time\u003d8000\u0026autoplay_time_for_fullscreen\u003d3000\u0026autoplay_time_for_music_content\u003d3000\u0026bg_st_hr\u003dtrue\u0026bg_vm_reinit_threshold\u003d7200000\u0026block_tvhtml5_simply_embedded\u003dtrue\u0026blocked_packages_for_sps\u003d[]\u0026botguard_async_snapshot_timeout_ms\u003d3000\u0026captions_url_add_ei\u003dtrue\u0026check_navigator_accuracy_timeout_ms\u003d0\u0026client_respect_autoplay_switch_button_renderer\u003dtrue\u0026client_ui_enable_multi_track_audio_on_web_embedded_player\u003dtrue\u0026compress_gel\u003dtrue\u0026compression_disable_point\u003d10\u0026cow_optimize_idom_compat\u003dtrue\u0026csi_on_gel\u003dtrue\u0026custom_active_view_tos_timeout_ms\u003d3600000\u0026dash_manifest_version\u003d5\u0026debug_bandaid_hostname\u003d\u0026debug_bandaid_port\u003d0\u0026debug_sherlog_username\u003d\u0026delhi_fast_follow_autonav_toggle\u003dtrue\u0026delhi_modern_player_default_thumbnail_percentage\u003d0.0\u0026delhi_modern_player_faster_autohide_delay_ms\u003d2000\u0026delhi_modern_player_pause_thumbnail_percentage\u003d0.6\u0026delhi_modern_web_player\u003dtrue\u0026delhi_modern_web_player_blending_mode\u003d\u0026delhi_modern_web_player_disable_frosted_glass\u003dtrue\u0026delhi_modern_web_player_horizontal_volume_controls\u003dtrue\u0026delhi_modern_web_player_icons\u003dtrue\u0026delhi_modern_web_player_lhs_volume_controls\u003dtrue\u0026delhi_modern_web_player_responsive_compact_controls_threshold\u003d4000\u0026delhi_web_player_use_external_playlist_panel\u003dtrue\u0026deprecate_22\u003dtrue\u0026deprecate_delay_ping\u003dtrue\u0026deprecate_pair_servlet_enabled\u003dtrue\u0026desktop_sparkles_light_cta_button\u003dtrue\u0026disable_av1_setting\u003dtrue\u0026disable_channel_id_check_for_suspended_channels\u003dtrue\u0026disable_child_node_auto_formatted_strings\u003dtrue\u0026disable_features_for_supex\u003dtrue\u0026disable_legacy_desktop_remote_queue\u003dtrue\u0026disable_lifa_for_supex_users\u003dtrue\u0026disable_log_to_visitor_layer\u003dtrue\u0026disable_mdx_connection_in_mdx_module_for_music_web\u003dtrue\u0026disable_pacf_logging_for_memory_limited_tv\u003dtrue\u0026disable_reel_item_watch_format_filtering\u003dtrue\u0026disable_ssdai_on_errors\u003dtrue\u0026disable_threegpp_progressive_formats\u003dtrue\u0026disable_touch_events_on_skip_button\u003dtrue\u0026duration_before_pause_ad_break_ms_for_system_pause\u003d0\u0026edge_encryption_fill_primary_key_version\u003dtrue\u0026embeds_desktoff_enable_ads_top_bar\u003dtrue\u0026embeds_desktop_enable_volume_slider\u003dtrue\u0026embeds_enable_embed_config_for_muted_autoplay\u003dtrue\u0026embeds_enable_innertube_store\u003dtrue\u0026embeds_enable_move_set_center_crop_to_public\u003dtrue\u0026embeds_enable_per_video_embed_config\u003dtrue\u0026embeds_web_lite_mode\u003d1\u0026enable_a11y_focus_fix_for_mac_panel_on_desktop\u003dtrue\u0026enable_access_code_service_rpc\u003dtrue\u0026enable_aci_on_lr_feeds\u003dtrue\u0026enable_active_view_display_ad_renderer_web_home\u003dtrue\u0026enable_active_view_lr_shorts_video\u003dtrue\u0026enable_active_view_web_shorts_video\u003dtrue\u0026enable_ad_cpn_macro_substitution_for_click_pings\u003dtrue\u0026enable_ad_disclosure_banner_a11y_fix\u003dtrue\u0026enable_antiscraping_web_player_expired\u003dtrue\u0026enable_app_promo_endcap_eml_on_tablet\u003dtrue\u0026enable_automotive_form_factor_check\u003dtrue\u0026enable_av1_for_svod\u003dtrue\u0026enable_batched_cross_device_pings_in_gel_fanout\u003dtrue\u0026enable_capability_format_filter_in_watch_server\u003dtrue\u0026enable_cast_for_web_unplugged\u003dtrue\u0026enable_cast_on_music_web\u003dtrue\u0026enable_centered_caption_for_tvfilm_video\u003dtrue\u0026enable_cipher_for_manifest_urls\u003dtrue\u0026enable_cleanup_masthead_autoplay_hack_fix\u003dtrue\u0026enable_client_page_id_header_for_first_party_pings\u003dtrue\u0026enable_client_sli_logging\u003dtrue\u0026enable_client_ve_spec\u003dtrue\u0026enable_cta_banner_on_unplugged_lr\u003dtrue\u0026enable_custom_playhead_parsing\u003dtrue\u0026enable_dai_sdf_h5_preroll\u003dtrue\u0026enable_datasync_id_header_in_web_vss_pings\u003dtrue\u0026enable_default_mono_cta_migration_web_client\u003dtrue\u0026enable_dsa_ad_badge_for_action_endcap_on_android\u003dtrue\u0026enable_dsa_ad_badge_for_action_endcap_on_ios\u003dtrue\u0026enable_entity_store_from_dependency_injection\u003dtrue\u0026enable_error_corrections_infocard\u003dtrue\u0026enable_error_corrections_infocard_web_client\u003dtrue\u0026enable_error_corrections_infocard_web_client_check\u003dtrue\u0026enable_error_corrections_infocards_icon_web\u003dtrue\u0026enable_gel_log_commands\u003dtrue\u0026enable_get_reminder_button_on_web\u003dtrue\u0026enable_handles_account_menu_switcher\u003dtrue\u0026enable_inline_muted_playback_on_web_search\u003dtrue\u0026enable_inline_muted_playback_on_web_search_for_vdc\u003dtrue\u0026enable_inline_muted_playback_on_web_search_for_vdcb\u003dtrue\u0026enable_kabuki_comments_on_shorts\u003ddisabled\u0026enable_key_press_seek_logging\u003dtrue\u0026enable_ltc_param_fetch_from_innertube\u003dtrue\u0026enable_mixed_direction_formatted_strings\u003dtrue\u0026enable_modern_skip_button_on_web\u003dtrue\u0026enable_mweb_keyboard_shortcuts\u003dtrue\u0026enable_new_paid_product_placement\u003dtrue\u0026enable_open_in_new_tab_icon_for_short_dr_for_desktop_search\u003dtrue\u0026enable_out_of_stock_text_all_surfaces\u003dtrue\u0026enable_paid_content_overlay_bugfix\u003dtrue\u0026enable_pause_ads_on_ytv_html5\u003dtrue\u0026enable_po_decoration_of_forced_tracks\u003dtrue\u0026enable_policy_based_hqa_filter_in_watch_server\u003dtrue\u0026enable_progres_commands_lr_feeds\u003dtrue\u0026enable_progress_commands_el_dai\u003dtrue\u0026enable_progress_commands_lr_shorts\u003dtrue\u0026enable_publishing_region_param_in_sus\u003dtrue\u0026enable_pv_screen_modern_text\u003dtrue\u0026enable_redirect_linking_for_desktop_web_client\u003dtrue\u0026enable_rpr_token_on_ltl_lookup\u003dtrue\u0026enable_sabr_snackbar_message\u003dtrue\u0026enable_screen_manager_layer_separation\u003dtrue\u0026enable_sdf_companion_h5\u003dtrue\u0026enable_sdf_dai_h5_midroll\u003dtrue\u0026enable_sdf_h5_endemic_mid_post_roll\u003dtrue\u0026enable_sdf_on_h5_unplugged_vod_midroll\u003dtrue\u0026enable_sdf_shorts_player_bytes_h5\u003dtrue\u0026enable_server_driven_abr\u003dtrue\u0026enable_server_driven_abr_for_backgroundable\u003dtrue\u0026enable_server_driven_abr_url_generation\u003dtrue\u0026enable_server_driven_readahead\u003dtrue\u0026enable_server_stitched_dai\u003dtrue\u0026enable_shorts_player\u003dtrue\u0026enable_skip_ad_guidance_prompt\u003dtrue\u0026enable_skip_to_next_messaging\u003dtrue\u0026enable_skippable_ads_for_unplugged_ad_pod\u003dtrue\u0026enable_smart_skip_player_controls_shown_on_web\u003dtrue\u0026enable_smart_skip_player_controls_shown_on_web_increased_triggering_sensitivity\u003dtrue\u0026enable_smart_skip_speedmaster_on_web\u003dtrue\u0026enable_smearing_expansion_dai\u003dtrue\u0026enable_split_screen_ad_baseline_experience_endemic_live_h5\u003dtrue\u0026enable_split_screen_ad_on_endemic_live_h5\u003dtrue\u0026enable_tectonic_ad_ux_for_halftime\u003dtrue\u0026enable_to_call_playready_backend_directly\u003dtrue\u0026enable_topsoil_wta_for_halftime_live_infra\u003dtrue\u0026enable_unified_action_endcap_on_web\u003dtrue\u0026enable_video_display_compact_button_group_for_desktop_search\u003dtrue\u0026enable_voice_boost_feature\u003dtrue\u0026enable_vp9_appletv5_on_server\u003dtrue\u0026enable_watch_server_rejected_formats_logging\u003dtrue\u0026enable_web_delhi_icons\u003dtrue\u0026enable_web_home_top_landscape_image_layout_level_click\u003dtrue\u0026enable_web_media_session_metadata_fix\u003dtrue\u0026enable_web_premium_varispeed\u003dtrue\u0026enable_web_premium_varispeed_upsell\u003dtrue\u0026enable_web_shorts_audio_track\u003dtrue\u0026enable_web_tiered_gel\u003dtrue\u0026enable_wiz_queue_effect_and_on_init_initial_runs\u003dtrue\u0026enable_wn_infocards\u003dtrue\u0026enable_yt_ata_iframe_authuser\u003dtrue\u0026enable_ytv_csdai_vp9\u003dtrue\u0026expand_mediatek_denylist_to_all_live_vp9_in_backend_experiment\u003d[]\u0026export_networkless_options\u003dtrue\u0026export_player_version_to_ytconfig\u003dtrue\u0026fetch_att_independently\u003dtrue\u0026fill_live_request_config_in_ustreamer_config\u003dtrue\u0026fill_single_video_with_notify_to_lasr\u003dtrue\u0026filter_vb_without_non_vb_equivalents\u003dtrue\u0026fix_ad_miniplayer_controls_rendering\u003dtrue\u0026fix_ads_tracking_for_swf_config_deprecation_mweb\u003dtrue\u0026fix_h5_toggle_button_a11y\u003dtrue\u0026fix_survey_color_contrast_on_destop\u003dtrue\u0026fresca_polling_delay_override\u003d0\u0026gab_return_sabr_ssdai_config\u003dtrue\u0026gel_min_batch_size\u003d3\u0026gel_queue_timeout_max_ms\u003d300000\u0026gvi_channel_client_screen\u003dtrue\u0026h5_companion_enable_adcpn_macro_substitution_for_click_pings\u003dtrue\u0026h5_enable_ad_mbs\u003dtrue\u0026h5_inplayer_enable_adcpn_macro_substitution_for_click_pings\u003dtrue\u0026h5_reset_cache_and_filter_before_update_masthead\u003dtrue\u0026hfr_dropped_framerate_fallback_threshold\u003d0\u0026high_ccv_client_side_caching_h5\u003dtrue\u0026hls_use_new_codecs_string_api\u003dtrue\u0026html5_account_for_underrun_advance_in_sabr\u003dtrue\u0026html5_ad_timeout_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_adaptation_step_count\u003d0\u0026html5_ads_preroll_lock_timeout_delay_ms\u003d15000\u0026html5_allow_multiview_tile_preload\u003dtrue\u0026html5_allow_preloading_with_idle_only_network_for_sabr\u003dtrue\u0026html5_allow_video_keyframe_without_audio\u003dtrue\u0026html5_apply_constraints_in_client_for_sabr\u003dtrue\u0026html5_apply_min_failures\u003dtrue\u0026html5_apply_start_time_within_ads_for_ssdai_transitions\u003dtrue\u0026html5_atr_disable_force_fallback\u003dtrue\u0026html5_att_playback_timeout_ms\u003d30000\u0026html5_attach_num_random_bytes_to_bandaid\u003d0\u0026html5_attach_po_token_to_bandaid\u003dtrue\u0026html5_autonav_cap_idle_secs\u003d0\u0026html5_autonav_quality_cap\u003d720\u0026html5_autoplay_default_quality_cap\u003d0\u0026html5_auxiliary_estimate_weight\u003d0.0\u0026html5_av1_ordinal_cap\u003d0\u0026html5_bandaid_attach_content_po_token\u003dtrue\u0026html5_block_pip_safari_delay\u003d0\u0026html5_bypass_contention_secs\u003d0.0\u0026html5_byterate_soft_cap\u003d0\u0026html5_check_for_idle_network_interval_ms\u003d1000\u0026html5_chipset_soft_cap\u003d8192\u0026html5_consume_all_buffered_bytes_one_poll\u003dtrue\u0026html5_continuous_goodput_probe_interval_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_cuepoint_list_clear_on_seek\u003dtrue\u0026html5_d6de4_cloud_project_number\u003d868618676952\u0026html5_d6de4_defer_timeout_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_debug_data_log_probability\u003d0.0\u0026html5_decode_to_texture_cap\u003dtrue\u0026html5_default_ad_gain\u003d0.5\u0026html5_default_av1_threshold\u003d0\u0026html5_default_quality_cap\u003d0\u0026html5_defer_fetch_att_ms\u003d1000\u0026html5_delayed_retry_count\u003d1\u0026html5_delayed_retry_delay_ms\u003d5000\u0026html5_deprecate_adservice\u003dtrue\u0026html5_deprecate_manifestful_fallback\u003dtrue\u0026html5_deprecate_video_tag_pool\u003dtrue\u0026html5_desktop_vr180_allow_panning\u003dtrue\u0026html5_df_downgrade_thresh\u003d0.6\u0026html5_disable_bandwidth_cofactors_for_sabr_live\u003dtrue\u0026html5_disable_client_autonav_cap_for_onesie\u003dtrue\u0026html5_disable_loop_range_for_shorts_ads\u003dtrue\u0026html5_disable_move_pssh_to_moov\u003dtrue\u0026html5_disable_non_contiguous\u003dtrue\u0026html5_disable_peak_shave_for_onesie\u003dtrue\u0026html5_disable_ustreamer_constraint_for_sabr\u003dtrue\u0026html5_disable_web_safari_dai\u003dtrue\u0026html5_dispatch_tracklist_loaded_event\u003dtrue\u0026html5_displayed_frame_rate_downgrade_threshold\u003d45\u0026html5_drm_byterate_soft_cap\u003d0\u0026html5_drm_check_all_key_error_states\u003dtrue\u0026html5_drm_cpi_license_key\u003dtrue\u0026html5_drm_live_byterate_soft_cap\u003d0\u0026html5_early_media_for_sharper_shorts\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_ac3\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_audio_track_stickiness\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_audio_track_stickiness_phase_two\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_bandaid_error_screen\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_caption_changes_for_mosaic\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_composite_embargo\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_d6de4\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_d6de4_cold_start_and_error\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_d6de4_idle_priority_job\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_drc\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_drc_toggle_api\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_eac3\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_embedded_player_visibility_signals\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_encrypted_av1\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_media_serving_enforcement\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_media_serving_enforcement_when_has_preroll_ad\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_oduc\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_po_token_live_caption\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_progress_bar_slide_seek_logging\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_sabr_context_from_ump\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_sabr_drm_vod_streaming_xhr\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_sabr_format_selection\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_sabr_from_watch_server\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_sabr_host_fallback\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_sabr_ssdai_streaming_xhr\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_sabr_vod_streaming_xhr\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_server_driven_request_cancellation\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_sps_rebuffer_logs\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_sps_retry_backoff_metadata_requests\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_ssdai_transition_with_only_enter_cuerange\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_triggering_cuepoint_for_slot\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_tvos_dash\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_tvos_encrypted_vp9\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_voice_boost\u003dtrue\u0026html5_encourage_array_coalescing\u003dtrue\u0026html5_export_sodar_snapshot\u003dtrue\u0026html5_fill_default_mosaic_audio_track_id\u003dtrue\u0026html5_fix_drm_license_constraint_for_tv_and_onesie\u003dtrue\u0026html5_fix_multi_audio_offline_playback\u003dtrue\u0026html5_fixed_media_duration_for_request\u003d0\u0026html5_flush_index_on_updated_timestamp_offset\u003dtrue\u0026html5_force_sabr_from_watch_server_for_dfss\u003dtrue\u0026html5_forward_click_tracking_params_on_reload\u003dtrue\u0026html5_gapless_ad_autoplay_on_video_to_ad_only\u003dtrue\u0026html5_gapless_ended_transition_buffer_ms\u003d200\u0026html5_gapless_handoff_close_end_long_rebuffer_cfl\u003dtrue\u0026html5_gapless_handoff_close_end_long_rebuffer_delay_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_gapless_loop_seek_offset_in_milli\u003d0\u0026html5_gapless_slow_seek_cfl\u003dtrue\u0026html5_gapless_slow_seek_delay_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_gapless_slow_start_delay_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_generate_content_po_token\u003dtrue\u0026html5_generate_session_po_token\u003dtrue\u0026html5_gl_fps_threshold\u003d0\u0026html5_hard_cap_max_vertical_resolution_for_shorts\u003d0\u0026html5_hdcp_probing_stream_url\u003d\u0026html5_head_miss_secs\u003d0.0\u0026html5_hfr_quality_cap\u003d0\u0026html5_high_res_logging_percent\u003d0.01\u0026html5_high_res_seek_logging\u003dtrue\u0026html5_honor_caption_availabilities_in_audio_track\u003dtrue\u0026html5_hopeless_secs\u003d0\u0026html5_huli_ssdai_use_playback_state\u003dtrue\u0026html5_idle_rate_limit_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_ignore_partial_segment_from_live_readahead\u003dtrue\u0026html5_ignore_sabrseek_during_adskip\u003dtrue\u0026html5_innertube_heartbeats_for_fairplay\u003dtrue\u0026html5_innertube_heartbeats_for_playready\u003dtrue\u0026html5_innertube_heartbeats_for_widevine\u003dtrue\u0026html5_jumbo_mobile_subsegment_readahead_target\u003d3.0\u0026html5_jumbo_ull_nonstreaming_mffa_ms\u003d4000\u0026html5_jumbo_ull_subsegment_readahead_target\u003d1.3\u0026html5_kabuki_drm_live_51_default_off\u003dtrue\u0026html5_license_constraint_delay\u003d5000\u0026html5_live_abr_head_miss_fraction\u003d0.0\u0026html5_live_abr_repredict_fraction\u003d0.0\u0026html5_live_chunk_readahead_proxima_override\u003d0\u0026html5_live_head_playable\u003dtrue\u0026html5_live_low_latency_bandwidth_window\u003d0.0\u0026html5_live_normal_latency_bandwidth_window\u003d0.0\u0026html5_live_quality_cap\u003d0\u0026html5_live_ultra_low_latency_bandwidth_window\u003d0.0\u0026html5_liveness_drift_chunk_override\u003d0\u0026html5_liveness_drift_proxima_override\u003d0\u0026html5_log_audio_abr\u003dtrue\u0026html5_log_experiment_id_from_player_response_to_ctmp\u003d\u0026html5_log_first_ssdai_requests_killswitch\u003dtrue\u0026html5_log_rebuffer_events\u003d5\u0026html5_log_trigger_events_with_debug_data\u003dtrue\u0026html5_log_vss_extra_lr_cparams_freq\u003d\u0026html5_long_rebuffer_jiggle_cmt_delay_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_long_rebuffer_threshold_ms\u003d30000\u0026html5_manifestless_unplugged\u003dtrue\u0026html5_manifestless_vp9_otf\u003dtrue\u0026html5_max_buffer_health_for_downgrade_prop\u003d0.0\u0026html5_max_buffer_health_for_downgrade_secs\u003d0.0\u0026html5_max_byterate\u003d0\u0026html5_max_discontinuity_rewrite_count\u003d0\u0026html5_max_drift_per_track_secs\u003d0.0\u0026html5_max_headm_for_streaming_xhr\u003d0\u0026html5_max_live_dvr_window_plus_margin_secs\u003d46800.0\u0026html5_max_quality_sel_upgrade\u003d0\u0026html5_max_redirect_response_length\u003d8192\u0026html5_max_selectable_quality_ordinal\u003d0\u0026html5_max_vertical_resolution\u003d0\u0026html5_maximum_readahead_seconds\u003d0.0\u0026html5_media_fullscreen\u003dtrue\u0026html5_media_time_weight\u003dtrue\u0026html5_media_time_weight_prop\u003d0.0\u0026html5_min_failures_to_delay_retry\u003d3\u0026html5_min_media_duration_for_append_prop\u003d0.0\u0026html5_min_media_duration_for_cabr_slice\u003d0.01\u0026html5_min_playback_advance_for_steady_state_secs\u003d0\u0026html5_min_quality_ordinal\u003d0\u0026html5_min_readbehind_cap_secs\u003d60\u0026html5_min_readbehind_secs\u003d0\u0026html5_min_seconds_between_format_selections\u003d0.0\u0026html5_min_selectable_quality_ordinal\u003d0\u0026html5_min_startup_buffered_media_duration_for_live_secs\u003d0.0\u0026html5_min_startup_buffered_media_duration_secs\u003d1.2\u0026html5_min_startup_duration_live_secs\u003d0.25\u0026html5_min_underrun_buffered_pre_steady_state_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_min_upgrade_health_secs\u003d0.0\u0026html5_minimum_readahead_seconds\u003d0.0\u0026html5_mock_content_binding_for_session_token\u003d\u0026html5_move_disable_airplay\u003dtrue\u0026html5_no_placeholder_rollbacks\u003dtrue\u0026html5_non_onesie_attach_po_token\u003dtrue\u0026html5_offline_download_timeout_retry_limit\u003d4\u0026html5_offline_failure_retry_limit\u003d2\u0026html5_offline_playback_position_sync\u003dtrue\u0026html5_offline_prevent_redownload_downloaded_video\u003dtrue\u0026html5_onesie_audio_only_playback\u003dtrue\u0026html5_onesie_check_timeout\u003dtrue\u0026html5_onesie_defer_content_loader_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_onesie_live_ttl_secs\u003d8\u0026html5_onesie_prewarm_interval_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_onesie_prewarm_max_lact_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_onesie_redirector_timeout_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_onesie_send_streamer_context\u003dtrue\u0026html5_onesie_use_signed_onesie_ustreamer_config\u003dtrue\u0026html5_override_micro_discontinuities_threshold_ms\u003d-1\u0026html5_paced_poll_min_health_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_paced_poll_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_pause_on_nonforeground_platform_errors\u003dtrue\u0026html5_peak_shave\u003dtrue\u0026html5_perf_cap_override_sticky\u003dtrue\u0026html5_performance_cap_floor\u003d360\u0026html5_perserve_av1_perf_cap\u003dtrue\u0026html5_picture_in_picture_logging_onresize_ratio\u003d0.0\u0026html5_platform_max_buffer_health_oversend_duration_secs\u003d0.0\u0026html5_platform_minimum_readahead_seconds\u003d0.0\u0026html5_platform_whitelisted_for_frame_accurate_seeks\u003dtrue\u0026html5_player_att_initial_delay_ms\u003d1000\u0026html5_player_att_retry_delay_ms\u003d1500\u0026html5_player_autonav_logging\u003dtrue\u0026html5_player_dynamic_bottom_gradient\u003dtrue\u0026html5_player_es6\u003dtrue\u0026html5_player_min_build_cl\u003d-1\u0026html5_player_preload_ad_fix\u003dtrue\u0026html5_post_interrupt_readahead\u003d20\u0026html5_prefer_language_over_codec\u003dtrue\u0026html5_prefer_server_bwe3\u003dtrue\u0026html5_preload_before_initial_seek_with_sabr\u003dtrue\u0026html5_preload_wait_time_secs\u003d0.0\u0026html5_prevent_mobile_background_play_on_event_shared\u003dtrue\u0026html5_probe_primary_delay_base_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_process_all_encrypted_events\u003dtrue\u0026html5_qoe_proto_mock_length\u003d0\u0026html5_query_sw_secure_crypto_for_android\u003dtrue\u0026html5_random_playback_cap\u003d0\u0026html5_recognize_predict_start_cue_point\u003dtrue\u0026html5_record_is_offline_on_playback_attempt_start\u003dtrue\u0026html5_record_ump_timing\u003dtrue\u0026html5_reload_by_kabuki_app\u003dtrue\u0026html5_remove_command_triggered_companions\u003dtrue\u0026html5_remove_not_servable_check_killswitch\u003dtrue\u0026html5_remove_ssdai_append_pause\u003dtrue\u0026html5_report_fatal_drm_restricted_error_killswitch\u003dtrue\u0026html5_report_slow_ads_as_error\u003dtrue\u0026html5_repredict_interval_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_request_only_hdr_or_sdr_keys\u003dtrue\u0026html5_request_size_max_kb\u003d0\u0026html5_request_size_min_kb\u003d0\u0026html5_reseek_after_time_jump_cfl\u003dtrue\u0026html5_reseek_after_time_jump_delay_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_resource_bad_status_delay_scaling\u003d1.5\u0026html5_restrict_streaming_xhr_on_sqless_requests\u003dtrue\u0026html5_retry_downloads_for_expiration\u003dtrue\u0026html5_retry_on_drm_key_error\u003dtrue\u0026html5_retry_on_drm_unavailable\u003dtrue\u0026html5_retry_quota_exceeded_via_seek\u003dtrue\u0026html5_return_playback_if_already_preloaded\u003dtrue\u0026html5_sabr_enable_server_xtag_selection\u003dtrue\u0026html5_sabr_fetch_on_idle_network_preloaded_players\u003dtrue\u0026html5_sabr_force_max_network_interruption_duration_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_sabr_ignore_skipad_before_completion\u003dtrue\u0026html5_sabr_live_drm_streaming_xhr\u003dtrue\u0026html5_sabr_live_low_latency_streaming_xhr\u003dtrue\u0026html5_sabr_live_normal_latency_streaming_xhr\u003dtrue\u0026html5_sabr_live_timing\u003dtrue\u0026html5_sabr_live_ultra_low_latency_streaming_xhr\u003dtrue\u0026html5_sabr_log_server_xtag_selection_onesie_mismatch\u003dtrue\u0026html5_sabr_min_media_bytes_factor_to_append_for_stream\u003d0.0\u0026html5_sabr_non_streaming_xhr_soft_cap\u003d0\u0026html5_sabr_non_streaming_xhr_vod_request_cancellation_timeout_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_sabr_remove_all_quality_constraints_for_drm_traffic\u003dtrue\u0026html5_sabr_report_partial_segment_estimated_duration\u003dtrue\u0026html5_sabr_report_request_cancellation_info\u003dtrue\u0026html5_sabr_request_limit_per_period\u003d20\u0026html5_sabr_seek_no_shift_tolerance\u003dtrue\u0026html5_sabr_skip_client_audio_init_selection\u003dtrue\u0026html5_sabr_unused_bloat_size_bytes\u003d0\u0026html5_samsung_kant_limit_max_bitrate\u003d0\u0026html5_seek_jiggle_cmt_delay_ms\u003d8000\u0026html5_seek_new_elem_delay_ms\u003d12000\u0026html5_seek_new_elem_shorts_delay_ms\u003d2000\u0026html5_seek_new_media_element_shorts_reuse_cfl\u003dtrue\u0026html5_seek_new_media_element_shorts_reuse_delay_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_seek_new_media_source_shorts_reuse_cfl\u003dtrue\u0026html5_seek_new_media_source_shorts_reuse_delay_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_seek_set_cmt_delay_ms\u003d2000\u0026html5_seek_timeout_delay_ms\u003d20000\u0026html5_send_cuepoint_id_in_ad_break_request\u003dtrue\u0026html5_send_serialized_one_time_qoe_context_data\u003dtrue\u0026html5_serve_start_seconds_seek_for_post_live_sabr\u003dtrue\u0026html5_server_stitched_dai_decorated_url_retry_limit\u003d5\u0026html5_server_stitched_dai_group\u003dtrue\u0026html5_session_po_token_interval_time_ms\u003d900000\u0026html5_set_video_id_as_expected_content_binding\u003dtrue\u0026html5_shorts_gapless_ad_slow_start_cfl\u003dtrue\u0026html5_shorts_gapless_ad_slow_start_delay_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_shorts_gapless_next_buffer_in_seconds\u003d0\u0026html5_shorts_gapless_no_gllat\u003dtrue\u0026html5_shorts_gapless_slow_start_delay_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_show_drc_toggle\u003dtrue\u0026html5_simplified_backup_timeout_sabr_live\u003dtrue\u0026html5_skip_empty_po_token\u003dtrue\u0026html5_skip_slow_ad_delay_ms\u003d15000\u0026html5_slow_start_no_media_source_delay_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_slow_start_timeout_delay_ms\u003d20000\u0026html5_ssdai_clear_backoff_on_cuepoint_list_resolved\u003dtrue\u0026html5_ssdai_enable_media_end_cue_range\u003dtrue\u0026html5_ssdai_enable_new_seek_logic\u003dtrue\u0026html5_ssdai_failure_retry_limit\u003d0\u0026html5_ssdai_log_missing_ad_config_reason\u003dtrue\u0026html5_stall_factor\u003d0.0\u0026html5_sticky_duration_mos\u003d0\u0026html5_store_xhr_headers_readable\u003dtrue\u0026html5_streaming_resilience\u003dtrue\u0026html5_streaming_xhr_time_based_consolidation_ms\u003d-1\u0026html5_subsegment_readahead_load_speed_check_interval\u003d0.5\u0026html5_subsegment_readahead_min_buffer_health_secs\u003d0.25\u0026html5_subsegment_readahead_min_buffer_health_secs_on_timeout\u003d0.1\u0026html5_subsegment_readahead_min_load_speed\u003d1.5\u0026html5_subsegment_readahead_seek_latency_fudge\u003d0.5\u0026html5_subsegment_readahead_target_buffer_health_secs\u003d0.5\u0026html5_subsegment_readahead_timeout_secs\u003d2.0\u0026html5_track_overshoot\u003dtrue\u0026html5_transfer_processing_logs_interval\u003d1000\u0026html5_trigger_loader_when_idle_network\u003dtrue\u0026html5_ugc_live_audio_51\u003dtrue\u0026html5_ugc_vod_audio_51\u003dtrue\u0026html5_unreported_seek_reseek_delay_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_update_time_on_seeked\u003dtrue\u0026html5_use_date_now_for_local_storage\u003dtrue\u0026html5_use_init_selected_audio\u003dtrue\u0026html5_use_jsonformatter_to_parse_player_response\u003dtrue\u0026html5_use_non_active_broadcast_for_post_live\u003dtrue\u0026html5_use_post_for_media\u003dtrue\u0026html5_use_shared_owl_instance\u003dtrue\u0026html5_use_ump\u003dtrue\u0026html5_use_ump_request_slicer\u003dtrue\u0026html5_use_ump_timing\u003dtrue\u0026html5_use_video_quality_cap_for_ustreamer_constraint\u003dtrue\u0026html5_use_video_transition_endpoint_heartbeat\u003dtrue\u0026html5_video_tbd_min_kb\u003d0\u0026html5_viewport_undersend_maximum\u003d0.0\u0026html5_volume_slider_tooltip\u003dtrue\u0026html5_web_po_experiment_ids\u003d[]\u0026html5_web_po_request_key\u003d\u0026html5_web_po_token_disable_caching\u003dtrue\u0026html5_webpo_idle_priority_job\u003dtrue\u0026html5_webpo_kaios_defer_timeout_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_woffle_resume\u003dtrue\u0026html5_workaround_delay_trigger\u003dtrue\u0026idb_immediate_commit\u003dtrue\u0026ignore_overlapping_cue_points_on_endemic_live_html5\u003dtrue\u0026il_attach_cache_limit\u003dtrue\u0026il_payload_scraping\u003d\u0026il_use_view_model_logging_context\u003dtrue\u0026initial_gel_batch_timeout\u003d2000\u0026injected_license_handler_error_code\u003d0\u0026injected_license_handler_license_status\u003d0\u0026ios_and_android_fresca_polling_delay_override\u003d0\u0026itdrm_always_generate_media_keys\u003dtrue\u0026itdrm_always_use_widevine_sdk\u003dtrue\u0026itdrm_disable_external_key_rotation_system_ids\u003d[]\u0026itdrm_enable_revocation_reporting\u003dtrue\u0026itdrm_injected_license_service_error_code\u003d0\u0026itdrm_set_sabr_license_constraint\u003dtrue\u0026itdrm_use_fairplay_sdk\u003dtrue\u0026itdrm_use_widevine_sdk_for_premium_content\u003dtrue\u0026itdrm_use_widevine_sdk_only_for_sampled_dod\u003dtrue\u0026itdrm_widevine_hardened_vmp_mode\u003dlog\u0026json_condensed_response\u003dtrue\u0026kevlar_command_handler_command_banlist\u003d[]\u0026kevlar_delhi_modern_web_endscreen_ideal_tile_width_percentage\u003d0.27\u0026kevlar_delhi_modern_web_endscreen_max_rows\u003d2\u0026kevlar_delhi_modern_web_endscreen_max_width\u003d500\u0026kevlar_delhi_modern_web_endscreen_min_width\u003d200\u0026kevlar_gel_error_routing\u003dtrue\u0026kevlar_miniplayer_expand_top\u003dtrue\u0026kevlar_miniplayer_play_pause_on_scrim\u003dtrue\u0026kevlar_playback_associated_queue\u003dtrue\u0026kevlar_use_wil_icons\u003dtrue\u0026kevlar_vimio_use_shared_monitor\u003dtrue\u0026kevlar_woffle\u003dtrue\u0026launch_license_service_all_ott_videos_automatic_fail_open\u003dtrue\u0026limit_ytcsi_debug_array_size\u003dtrue\u0026live_chat_enable_rta_manager\u003dtrue\u0026live_chunk_readahead\u003d3\u0026log_click_with_layer_from_element_in_command_handler\u003dtrue\u0026log_gel_compression_latency\u003dtrue\u0026log_heartbeat_with_lifecycles\u003dtrue\u0026log_ssdai_decoration_failure_if_missing_ad_break_status\u003dtrue\u0026log_window_onerror_fraction\u003d0.1\u0026manifestless_post_live\u003dtrue\u0026manifestless_post_live_ufph\u003dtrue\u0026max_body_size_to_compress\u003d500000\u0026max_cdfe_quality_ordinal\u003d0\u0026max_prefetch_window_sec_for_livestream_optimization\u003d10\u0026max_resolution_for_white_noise\u003d360\u0026mdx_enable_privacy_disclosure_ui\u003dtrue\u0026mdx_load_cast_api_bootstrap_script\u003dtrue\u0026migrate_remaining_web_ad_badges_to_innertube\u003dtrue\u0026min_prefetch_offset_sec_for_livestream_optimization\u003d20\u0026mta_drc_mutual_exclusion_removal\u003dtrue\u0026music_enable_shared_audio_tier_logic\u003dtrue\u0026mweb_account_linking_noapp\u003dtrue\u0026mweb_enable_click_to_play_pause\u003dtrue\u0026mweb_enable_fine_scrubbing_for_recs\u003dtrue\u0026mweb_enable_more_chunks\u003dtrue\u0026mweb_native_control_in_faux_fullscreen_shared\u003dtrue\u0026mweb_player_control_on_hover\u003dtrue\u0026mweb_progress_bar_seek_on_mouse_click\u003dtrue\u0026mweb_shorts_comments_panel_id_change\u003dtrue\u0026network_polling_interval\u003d30000\u0026networkless_logging\u003dtrue\u0026new_codecs_string_api_uses_legacy_style\u003dtrue\u0026no_drm_on_demand_with_cc_license\u003dtrue\u0026no_filler_video_for_ssa_playbacks\u003dtrue\u0026offline_error_handling\u003dtrue\u0026onesie_add_gfe_frontline_to_player_request\u003dtrue\u0026onesie_enable_override_headm\u003dtrue\u0026override_drm_required_playback_policy_channels\u003d[]\u0026pageid_as_header_web\u003dtrue\u0026par_at_ep\u003dtrue\u0026pdg_enable_creator_goals_animations\u003dtrue\u0026player_ads_set_adformat_on_client\u003dtrue\u0026player_bootstrap_method\u003dtrue\u0026player_controls_volume_controls_use_player_props\u003dtrue\u0026player_destroy_old_version\u003dtrue\u0026player_doubletap_to_seek\u003dtrue\u0026player_enable_playback_playlist_change\u003dtrue\u0026player_new_info_card_format\u003dtrue\u0026player_underlay_min_player_width\u003d768.0\u0026player_underlay_video_width_fraction\u003d0.6\u0026player_web_canary\u003dtrue\u0026player_web_canary_stage\u003d3\u0026player_web_is_canary\u003dtrue\u0026playready_first_play_expiration\u003d-1\u0026podcasts_videostats_default_flush_interval_seconds\u003d0\u0026polymer_bad_build_labels\u003dtrue\u0026polymer_verifiy_app_state\u003dtrue\u0026populate_format_set_info_in_cdfe_formats\u003dtrue\u0026populate_head_minus_in_watch_server\u003dtrue\u0026preskip_button_style_ads_backend\u003dcountdown_next_to_thumbnail\u0026proxima_auto_threshold_max_network_interruption_duration_ms\u003d0\u0026proxima_auto_threshold_min_bandwidth_estimate_bytes_per_sec\u003d0\u0026qoe_nwl_downloads\u003dtrue\u0026qoe_send_and_write\u003dtrue\u0026quality_cap_for_inline_non_app_ads\u003d0\u0026quality_cap_for_inline_playback\u003d0\u0026quality_cap_for_inline_playback_ads\u003d0\u0026read_ahead_model_name\u003d\u0026record_app_crashed_web\u003dtrue\u0026refactor_mta_default_track_selection\u003dtrue\u0026reject_hidden_live_formats\u003dtrue\u0026reject_live_vp9_mq_clear_with_no_abr_ladder\u003dtrue\u0026remove_chevron_from_ad_disclosure_banner_h5\u003dtrue\u0026remove_masthead_channel_banner_on_refresh\u003dtrue\u0026remove_slot_id_exited_trigger_for_dai_in_player_slot_expire\u003dtrue\u0026replace_playability_retriever_in_watch\u003dtrue\u0026return_drm_product_unknown_for_clear_playbacks\u003dtrue\u0026sabr_enable_host_fallback\u003dtrue\u0026self_podding_header_string_template\u003dself_podding_interstitial_message\u0026self_podding_midroll_choice_string_template\u003dself_podding_midroll_choice\u0026send_config_hash_timer\u003d0\u0026serve_adaptive_fmts_for_live_streams\u003dtrue\u0026set_interstitial_advertisers_question_text\u003dtrue\u0026set_mock_id_as_expected_content_binding\u003d\u0026shell_load_gcf\u003dtrue\u0026shorts_mode_to_player_api\u003dtrue\u0026should_attribute_to_watch_with_source\u003d[]\u0026should_clear_video_data_on_player_cued_unstarted\u003dtrue\u0026simply_embedded_enable_botguard\u003dtrue\u0026skip_ls_gel_retry\u003dtrue\u0026slow_compressions_before_abandon_count\u003d4\u0026small_avatars_for_comments\u003dtrue\u0026smart_skip_web_player_bar_min_hover_length_milliseconds\u003d1000\u0026smarter_ve_dedupping\u003dtrue\u0026speedmaster_cancellation_movement_dp\u003d10\u0026speedmaster_playback_rate\u003d2.0\u0026speedmaster_touch_activation_ms\u003d500\u0026sps_enable_antiscraping_rules\u003dtrue\u0026start_async_playability_lazy_dependencies\u003dtrue\u0026start_client_gcf\u003dtrue\u0026stop_handling_click_for_non_rendering_overlay_layout\u003dtrue\u0026streaming_data_emergency_itag_blacklist\u003d[]\u0026substitute_ad_cpn_macro_in_ssdai\u003dtrue\u0026suppress_error_204_logging\u003dtrue\u0026transport_use_scheduler\u003dtrue\u0026trim_adaptive_formats_signature_cipher_for_sabr_content\u003dtrue\u0026trim_adaptive_formats_url_for_media_barrier\u003dtrue\u0026tvhtml5_unplugged_preload_cache_size\u003d5\u0026use_cue_range_marker_position\u003dtrue\u0026use_event_time_ms_header\u003dtrue\u0026use_fifo_for_networkless\u003dtrue\u0026use_generated_media_keys_in_fairplay_requests\u003dtrue\u0026use_inlined_player_rpc\u003dtrue\u0026use_new_codecs_string_api\u003dtrue\u0026use_request_time_ms_header\u003dtrue\u0026use_rta_for_player\u003dtrue\u0026use_rta_for_player_hb\u003dtrue\u0026use_rta_only_for_player\u003dtrue\u0026use_session_based_sampling\u003dtrue\u0026use_simplified_remove_webm_rules\u003dtrue\u0026use_thumbnail_overlay_time_status_renderer_for_live_badge\u003dtrue\u0026use_video_playback_premium_signal\u003dtrue\u0026variable_buffer_timeout_ms\u003d0\u0026vp9_drm_live\u003dtrue\u0026vss_final_ping_send_and_write\u003dtrue\u0026vss_pings_using_networkless\u003dtrue\u0026vss_playback_use_send_and_write\u003dtrue\u0026web_add_footer_template_to_audio_track\u003dtrue\u0026web_api_url\u003dtrue\u0026web_attention_logging_scroll_throttle\u003d500.0\u0026web_big_boards\u003dtrue\u0026web_big_boards_enable_in_inline\u003dtrue\u0026web_big_boards_enable_in_miniplayer\u003dtrue\u0026web_button_view_model_non_nullish_data\u003dtrue\u0026web_button_vm_refactor_disabled\u003dtrue\u0026web_cinematic_watch_settings\u003dtrue\u0026web_client_version_override\u003d\u0026web_collect_offline_state\u003dtrue\u0026web_csi_action_sampling_enabled\u003dtrue\u0026web_csi_debug_sample_enabled\u003dtrue\u0026web_dedupe_ve_grafting\u003dtrue\u0026web_disable_chip_view_model_mutation\u003dtrue\u0026web_enable_ab_rsp_cl\u003dtrue\u0026web_enable_course_icon_update\u003dtrue\u0026web_enable_entity_upsert_on_update\u003dtrue\u0026web_enable_error_204\u003dtrue\u0026web_enable_keyboard_shortcut_for_timely_actions\u003dtrue\u0026web_enable_shopping_timely_shelf_client\u003dtrue\u0026web_enable_speedmaster\u003dtrue\u0026web_enable_timely_actions\u003dtrue\u0026web_enable_varispeed_panel\u003dtrue\u0026web_fix_fine_scrubbing_false_play\u003dtrue\u0026web_foreground_heartbeat_interval_ms\u003d28000\u0026web_forward_command_on_pbj\u003dtrue\u0026web_fullscreen_shorts\u003dtrue\u0026web_gcf_hashes_innertube\u003dtrue\u0026web_gel_debounce_ms\u003d60000\u0026web_gel_timeout_cap\u003dtrue\u0026web_heat_map_v2\u003dtrue\u0026web_hide_next_button\u003dtrue\u0026web_hide_watch_info_empty\u003dtrue\u0026web_hide_your_data_on_automotive\u003dtrue\u0026web_infocards_teaser_show_logging_fix\u003dtrue\u0026web_key_moments_markers\u003dtrue\u0026web_l3_storyboard\u003dtrue\u0026web_load_prediction_threshold\u003d0.3\u0026web_log_memory_total_kbytes\u003dtrue\u0026web_logging_max_batch\u003d150\u0026web_max_tracing_events\u003d50\u0026web_modern_buttons\u003dtrue\u0026web_navigation_prediction_threshold\u003d0.1\u0026web_new_autonav_countdown\u003dtrue\u0026web_op_signal_type_banlist\u003d[]\u0026web_playback_associated_log_ctt\u003dtrue\u0026web_playback_associated_ve\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_api_logging_fraction\u003d0.01\u0026web_player_autonav_use_server_provided_state\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_big_mode_screen_width_cutoff\u003d4001\u0026web_player_default_peeking_px\u003d0\u0026web_player_delhi_dtts\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_enable_featured_product_banner_exclusives_on_desktop\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_enable_featured_product_banner_promotion_text_on_desktop\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_enable_fullscreen_grid_components\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_enable_premium_hbr_in_h5_api\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_enable_premium_hbr_playback_cap\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_frosted_glass_blur_radius\u003d16\u0026web_player_frosted_glass_blur_radius_float\u003d16.0\u0026web_player_grid_natural_scroll\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_innertube_playlist_update\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_invisible_fullscreen_button\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_ipp_canary_type_for_logging\u003dexperiment\u0026web_player_log_click_before_generating_ve_conversion_params\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_miniplayer_in_context_menu\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_mouse_idle_wait_time_ms\u003d3000\u0026web_player_move_autonav_toggle\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_music_visualizer_treatment\u003dfake\u0026web_player_nitrate_promo_tooltip\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_offline_playlist_auto_refresh\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_overlay_positioned_layout\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_pip_logging_fix\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_playable_sequences_refactor\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_pt_tt\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_quick_hide_timeout_ms\u003d250\u0026web_player_rtr_ctrls\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_seek_chapters_by_shortcut\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_seek_overlay_additional_arrow_threshold\u003d200\u0026web_player_seek_overlay_duration_bump_scale\u003d0.9\u0026web_player_seek_overlay_linger_duration\u003d1000\u0026web_player_sentinel_is_uniplayer\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_show_music_in_this_video_graphic\u003dvideo_thumbnail\u0026web_player_spacebar_control_bugfix\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_ss_dai_ad_fetching_timeout_ms\u003d15000\u0026web_player_ss_media_time_offset\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_touch_idle_wait_time_ms\u003d4000\u0026web_player_transfer_timeout_threshold_ms\u003d10800000\u0026web_player_updated_entrypoint\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_use_cinematic_label_2\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_use_new_api_for_quality_pullback\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_use_screen_width_for_big_mode\u003dtrue\u0026web_prefetch_preload_video\u003dtrue\u0026web_progress_bar_draggable\u003dtrue\u0026web_remix_allow_up_to_3x_playback_rate\u003dtrue\u0026web_remove_broken_subscribe_endscreen\u003dtrue\u0026web_reset_lact_on_media_actions\u003dtrue\u0026web_session_replay_send_after_timeout\u003d0\u0026web_settings_menu_icons\u003dtrue\u0026web_settings_menu_surface_custom_playback\u003dtrue\u0026web_settings_use_input_slider\u003dtrue\u0026web_shorts_audio_track_picker\u003dtrue\u0026web_sleep_timer\u003dtrue\u0026web_speedmaster_spacebar_control\u003dtrue\u0026web_tracing_enabled_spans\u003d[event, command]\u0026web_tracing_session_replay\u003d0\u0026web_watch_enable_fs_squeezeback_panels\u003dtrue\u0026webpo_exit_on_net_err\u003dtrue\u0026wil_icon_max_concurrent_fetches\u003d9999\u0026wil_icon_render_when_idle\u003dtrue\u0026wiz_diff_overwritable\u003dtrue\u0026wiz_wrapper_callback_props_fix\u003dtrue\u0026woffle_enable_download_status\u003dtrue\u0026woffle_orchestration\u003dtrue\u0026write_reload_player_response_token_to_ustreamer_config_for_vod\u003dtrue\u0026ws_av1_max_height_floor\u003d0\u0026ws_av1_max_width_floor\u003d0\u0026ws_use_centralized_hqa_filter\u003dtrue\u0026wug_networking_gzip_request\u003dtrue\u0026ytcsi_debug_max_size\u003d100\u0026ytidb_remake_db_retries\u003d3\u0026ytidb_reopen_db_retries\u003d3\u0026ytidb_transaction_ended_event_rate_limit\u003d0.02","cspNonce":"1FEbiaPymPRwluOaunvWMg","canaryState":"canary","datasyncId":"V0afcd696||","canaryStage":"MEDIUM","trustedJsUrl":{"privateDoNotAccessOrElseTrustedResourceUrlWrappedValue":"/s/player/bcd88ad3/player_es6.vflset/en_US/base.js"},"trustedCssUrl":{"privateDoNotAccessOrElseTrustedResourceUrlWrappedValue":"/s/player/bcd88ad3/www-player.css"},"serializedClientExperimentFlags":"45713225\u003d0\u002645718175\u003d0.0\u002645718176\u003d0.0\u002645725538\u003d0.0\u002645725539\u003d0.0\u002645725540\u003d0.0\u002645725541\u003d0.0\u002645725542\u003d0.0\u002645725543\u003d0.0\u002645728334\u003d0.0\u002645728572\u003dtrue\u002645729215\u003dtrue\u002645732704\u003dtrue\u002645732791\u003dtrue\u002645735428\u003d4000.0\u002645737488\u003d0.0\u002645737489\u003d0.0\u002645739023\u003d0.0\u002645741339\u003d0.0\u002645741773\u003d0.0\u002645743228\u003d0.0\u002645746966\u003d0.0\u002645746967\u003d0.0\u002645747053\u003d0.0\u002645750947\u003d10240\u002645756201\u003dtrue\u002645756872\u003d0.0\u002645757426\u003d0.0\u002645757427\u003d0.0\u002645757750\u003d0.0\u002645757957\u003d0.0\u002645758467\u003d0.0\u002645760018\u003dtrue\u002645761760\u003d200\u002645762838\u003d0\u002645764217\u003d0.0\u002645764252\u003d0.0\u002645764523\u003d0.0\u002645764524\u003d0.0\u002645764593\u003d0.0\u002645765077\u003dtrue\u002645765568\u003d0.0\u002645765602\u003d0.0\u002645767763\u003d0.0\u002645767943\u003d0.0\u002645768340\u003d0.0\u002645768430\u003d0.0\u002645769119\u003dtrue\u002645769214\u003d0.0\u002645770001\u003d0.0\u002645770002\u003d0.0\u002645770135\u003dtrue\u002645771890\u003d0.0\u002645773603\u003d0.0\u002645773604\u003d0.0\u002645775791\u003d0.0\u002645775792\u003d0.0\u002645778663\u003d0.0\u002645778671\u003d0.0"},"WEB_PLAYER_CONTEXT_CONFIG_ID_KEVLAR_SFV_AUDIO_ITEM":{"rootElementId":"sfv-audio-item-player","jsUrl":"/s/player/bcd88ad3/player_es6.vflset/en_US/base.js","cssUrl":"/s/player/bcd88ad3/www-player.css","contextId":"WEB_PLAYER_CONTEXT_CONFIG_ID_KEVLAR_SFV_AUDIO_ITEM","eventLabel":"shortsaudiopivot","contentRegion":"NP","hl":"en_US","hostLanguage":"en","playerStyle":"desktop-polymer","innertubeApiKey":"AIzaSyAO_FJ2SlqU8Q4STEHLGCilw_Y9_11qcW8","innertubeApiVersion":"v1","innertubeContextClientVersion":"2.20260424.01.00","device":{"brand":"apple","model":"","browser":"Chrome","browserVersion":"124.0.0.0","os":"Macintosh","osVersion":"10_15_7","platform":"DESKTOP","interfaceName":"WEB","interfaceVersion":"2.20260424.01.00"},"serializedExperimentIds":"24004644,24499534,39325854,51010235,51063643,51072748,51095478,51098299,51204329,51222973,51300176,51300241,51314158,51340662,51349914,51353393,51366423,51389629,51459470,51467676,51470301,51472205,51490331,51505436,51530495,51534669,51547388,51565116,51578633,51583821,51605258,51609829,51619706,51620867,51622845,51635955,51638932,51646450,51648336,51672162,51681662,51683502,51684560,51698285,51705976,51708061,51713176,51715023,51717747,51719112,51720353,51729218,51740148,51742377,51763897,51774882,51784587,51798928,51801292,51802233,51803128,51803199,51803587,51804539,51807293,51811903,51819635,51820067,51829421,51839674,51839732,51841270,51844842,51847710,51849664,51851862,51855288,51856590,51866874,51866997,51869208,51876388,51881461,51885343,51887880,51889002,51890561,51892086,51893373,51899026,51908397","serializedExperimentFlags":"H5_async_logging_delay_ms\u003d30000.0\u0026a11y_h5_associate_survey_question\u003dtrue\u0026ab_det_apb_b\u003dtrue\u0026ab_det_apm\u003dtrue\u0026ab_det_el_h\u003dtrue\u0026action_companion_center_align_description\u003dtrue\u0026ad_pod_disable_companion_persist_ads_quality\u003dtrue\u0026add_stmp_logs_for_voice_boost\u003dtrue\u0026allow_autohide_on_paused_videos\u003dtrue\u0026allow_drm_override\u003dtrue\u0026allow_live_autoplay\u003dtrue\u0026allow_poltergust_autoplay\u003dtrue\u0026allow_skip_networkless\u003dtrue\u0026allow_vb_audio_formats\u003dtrue\u0026allow_vb_audio_formats_with_mta\u003dtrue\u0026allow_vp9_1080p_mq_enc\u003dtrue\u0026always_cache_redirect_endpoint\u003dtrue\u0026annotation_module_vast_cards_load_logging_fraction\u003d0.0\u0026assign_drm_family_by_format\u003dtrue\u0026att_web_record_metrics\u003dtrue\u0026attach_experiment_propagation_context_to_config\u003dtrue\u0026attention_logging_scroll_throttle\u003d500.0\u0026attmusi\u003dtrue\u0026autoplay_time\u003d8000\u0026autoplay_time_for_fullscreen\u003d3000\u0026autoplay_time_for_music_content\u003d3000\u0026bg_st_hr\u003dtrue\u0026bg_vm_reinit_threshold\u003d7200000\u0026block_tvhtml5_simply_embedded\u003dtrue\u0026blocked_packages_for_sps\u003d[]\u0026botguard_async_snapshot_timeout_ms\u003d3000\u0026captions_url_add_ei\u003dtrue\u0026check_navigator_accuracy_timeout_ms\u003d0\u0026client_respect_autoplay_switch_button_renderer\u003dtrue\u0026client_ui_enable_multi_track_audio_on_web_embedded_player\u003dtrue\u0026compress_gel\u003dtrue\u0026compression_disable_point\u003d10\u0026cow_optimize_idom_compat\u003dtrue\u0026csi_on_gel\u003dtrue\u0026custom_active_view_tos_timeout_ms\u003d3600000\u0026dash_manifest_version\u003d5\u0026debug_bandaid_hostname\u003d\u0026debug_bandaid_port\u003d0\u0026debug_sherlog_username\u003d\u0026delhi_fast_follow_autonav_toggle\u003dtrue\u0026delhi_modern_player_default_thumbnail_percentage\u003d0.0\u0026delhi_modern_player_faster_autohide_delay_ms\u003d2000\u0026delhi_modern_player_pause_thumbnail_percentage\u003d0.6\u0026delhi_modern_web_player\u003dtrue\u0026delhi_modern_web_player_blending_mode\u003d\u0026delhi_modern_web_player_disable_frosted_glass\u003dtrue\u0026delhi_modern_web_player_horizontal_volume_controls\u003dtrue\u0026delhi_modern_web_player_icons\u003dtrue\u0026delhi_modern_web_player_lhs_volume_controls\u003dtrue\u0026delhi_modern_web_player_responsive_compact_controls_threshold\u003d4000\u0026delhi_web_player_use_external_playlist_panel\u003dtrue\u0026deprecate_22\u003dtrue\u0026deprecate_delay_ping\u003dtrue\u0026deprecate_pair_servlet_enabled\u003dtrue\u0026desktop_sparkles_light_cta_button\u003dtrue\u0026disable_av1_setting\u003dtrue\u0026disable_channel_id_check_for_suspended_channels\u003dtrue\u0026disable_child_node_auto_formatted_strings\u003dtrue\u0026disable_features_for_supex\u003dtrue\u0026disable_legacy_desktop_remote_queue\u003dtrue\u0026disable_lifa_for_supex_users\u003dtrue\u0026disable_log_to_visitor_layer\u003dtrue\u0026disable_mdx_connection_in_mdx_module_for_music_web\u003dtrue\u0026disable_pacf_logging_for_memory_limited_tv\u003dtrue\u0026disable_reel_item_watch_format_filtering\u003dtrue\u0026disable_ssdai_on_errors\u003dtrue\u0026disable_threegpp_progressive_formats\u003dtrue\u0026disable_touch_events_on_skip_button\u003dtrue\u0026duration_before_pause_ad_break_ms_for_system_pause\u003d0\u0026edge_encryption_fill_primary_key_version\u003dtrue\u0026embeds_desktoff_enable_ads_top_bar\u003dtrue\u0026embeds_desktop_enable_volume_slider\u003dtrue\u0026embeds_enable_embed_config_for_muted_autoplay\u003dtrue\u0026embeds_enable_innertube_store\u003dtrue\u0026embeds_enable_move_set_center_crop_to_public\u003dtrue\u0026embeds_enable_per_video_embed_config\u003dtrue\u0026embeds_web_lite_mode\u003d1\u0026enable_a11y_focus_fix_for_mac_panel_on_desktop\u003dtrue\u0026enable_access_code_service_rpc\u003dtrue\u0026enable_aci_on_lr_feeds\u003dtrue\u0026enable_active_view_display_ad_renderer_web_home\u003dtrue\u0026enable_active_view_lr_shorts_video\u003dtrue\u0026enable_active_view_web_shorts_video\u003dtrue\u0026enable_ad_cpn_macro_substitution_for_click_pings\u003dtrue\u0026enable_ad_disclosure_banner_a11y_fix\u003dtrue\u0026enable_antiscraping_web_player_expired\u003dtrue\u0026enable_app_promo_endcap_eml_on_tablet\u003dtrue\u0026enable_automotive_form_factor_check\u003dtrue\u0026enable_av1_for_svod\u003dtrue\u0026enable_batched_cross_device_pings_in_gel_fanout\u003dtrue\u0026enable_capability_format_filter_in_watch_server\u003dtrue\u0026enable_cast_for_web_unplugged\u003dtrue\u0026enable_cast_on_music_web\u003dtrue\u0026enable_centered_caption_for_tvfilm_video\u003dtrue\u0026enable_cipher_for_manifest_urls\u003dtrue\u0026enable_cleanup_masthead_autoplay_hack_fix\u003dtrue\u0026enable_client_page_id_header_for_first_party_pings\u003dtrue\u0026enable_client_sli_logging\u003dtrue\u0026enable_client_ve_spec\u003dtrue\u0026enable_cta_banner_on_unplugged_lr\u003dtrue\u0026enable_custom_playhead_parsing\u003dtrue\u0026enable_dai_sdf_h5_preroll\u003dtrue\u0026enable_datasync_id_header_in_web_vss_pings\u003dtrue\u0026enable_default_mono_cta_migration_web_client\u003dtrue\u0026enable_dsa_ad_badge_for_action_endcap_on_android\u003dtrue\u0026enable_dsa_ad_badge_for_action_endcap_on_ios\u003dtrue\u0026enable_entity_store_from_dependency_injection\u003dtrue\u0026enable_error_corrections_infocard\u003dtrue\u0026enable_error_corrections_infocard_web_client\u003dtrue\u0026enable_error_corrections_infocard_web_client_check\u003dtrue\u0026enable_error_corrections_infocards_icon_web\u003dtrue\u0026enable_gel_log_commands\u003dtrue\u0026enable_get_reminder_button_on_web\u003dtrue\u0026enable_handles_account_menu_switcher\u003dtrue\u0026enable_inline_muted_playback_on_web_search\u003dtrue\u0026enable_inline_muted_playback_on_web_search_for_vdc\u003dtrue\u0026enable_inline_muted_playback_on_web_search_for_vdcb\u003dtrue\u0026enable_kabuki_comments_on_shorts\u003ddisabled\u0026enable_key_press_seek_logging\u003dtrue\u0026enable_ltc_param_fetch_from_innertube\u003dtrue\u0026enable_mixed_direction_formatted_strings\u003dtrue\u0026enable_modern_skip_button_on_web\u003dtrue\u0026enable_mweb_keyboard_shortcuts\u003dtrue\u0026enable_new_paid_product_placement\u003dtrue\u0026enable_open_in_new_tab_icon_for_short_dr_for_desktop_search\u003dtrue\u0026enable_out_of_stock_text_all_surfaces\u003dtrue\u0026enable_paid_content_overlay_bugfix\u003dtrue\u0026enable_pause_ads_on_ytv_html5\u003dtrue\u0026enable_po_decoration_of_forced_tracks\u003dtrue\u0026enable_policy_based_hqa_filter_in_watch_server\u003dtrue\u0026enable_progres_commands_lr_feeds\u003dtrue\u0026enable_progress_commands_el_dai\u003dtrue\u0026enable_progress_commands_lr_shorts\u003dtrue\u0026enable_publishing_region_param_in_sus\u003dtrue\u0026enable_pv_screen_modern_text\u003dtrue\u0026enable_redirect_linking_for_desktop_web_client\u003dtrue\u0026enable_rpr_token_on_ltl_lookup\u003dtrue\u0026enable_sabr_snackbar_message\u003dtrue\u0026enable_screen_manager_layer_separation\u003dtrue\u0026enable_sdf_companion_h5\u003dtrue\u0026enable_sdf_dai_h5_midroll\u003dtrue\u0026enable_sdf_h5_endemic_mid_post_roll\u003dtrue\u0026enable_sdf_on_h5_unplugged_vod_midroll\u003dtrue\u0026enable_sdf_shorts_player_bytes_h5\u003dtrue\u0026enable_server_driven_abr\u003dtrue\u0026enable_server_driven_abr_for_backgroundable\u003dtrue\u0026enable_server_driven_abr_url_generation\u003dtrue\u0026enable_server_driven_readahead\u003dtrue\u0026enable_server_stitched_dai\u003dtrue\u0026enable_shorts_player\u003dtrue\u0026enable_skip_ad_guidance_prompt\u003dtrue\u0026enable_skip_to_next_messaging\u003dtrue\u0026enable_skippable_ads_for_unplugged_ad_pod\u003dtrue\u0026enable_smart_skip_player_controls_shown_on_web\u003dtrue\u0026enable_smart_skip_player_controls_shown_on_web_increased_triggering_sensitivity\u003dtrue\u0026enable_smart_skip_speedmaster_on_web\u003dtrue\u0026enable_smearing_expansion_dai\u003dtrue\u0026enable_split_screen_ad_baseline_experience_endemic_live_h5\u003dtrue\u0026enable_split_screen_ad_on_endemic_live_h5\u003dtrue\u0026enable_tectonic_ad_ux_for_halftime\u003dtrue\u0026enable_to_call_playready_backend_directly\u003dtrue\u0026enable_topsoil_wta_for_halftime_live_infra\u003dtrue\u0026enable_unified_action_endcap_on_web\u003dtrue\u0026enable_video_display_compact_button_group_for_desktop_search\u003dtrue\u0026enable_voice_boost_feature\u003dtrue\u0026enable_vp9_appletv5_on_server\u003dtrue\u0026enable_watch_server_rejected_formats_logging\u003dtrue\u0026enable_web_delhi_icons\u003dtrue\u0026enable_web_home_top_landscape_image_layout_level_click\u003dtrue\u0026enable_web_media_session_metadata_fix\u003dtrue\u0026enable_web_premium_varispeed\u003dtrue\u0026enable_web_premium_varispeed_upsell\u003dtrue\u0026enable_web_shorts_audio_track\u003dtrue\u0026enable_web_tiered_gel\u003dtrue\u0026enable_wiz_queue_effect_and_on_init_initial_runs\u003dtrue\u0026enable_wn_infocards\u003dtrue\u0026enable_yt_ata_iframe_authuser\u003dtrue\u0026enable_ytv_csdai_vp9\u003dtrue\u0026expand_mediatek_denylist_to_all_live_vp9_in_backend_experiment\u003d[]\u0026export_networkless_options\u003dtrue\u0026export_player_version_to_ytconfig\u003dtrue\u0026fetch_att_independently\u003dtrue\u0026fill_live_request_config_in_ustreamer_config\u003dtrue\u0026fill_single_video_with_notify_to_lasr\u003dtrue\u0026filter_vb_without_non_vb_equivalents\u003dtrue\u0026fix_ad_miniplayer_controls_rendering\u003dtrue\u0026fix_ads_tracking_for_swf_config_deprecation_mweb\u003dtrue\u0026fix_h5_toggle_button_a11y\u003dtrue\u0026fix_survey_color_contrast_on_destop\u003dtrue\u0026fresca_polling_delay_override\u003d0\u0026gab_return_sabr_ssdai_config\u003dtrue\u0026gel_min_batch_size\u003d3\u0026gel_queue_timeout_max_ms\u003d300000\u0026gvi_channel_client_screen\u003dtrue\u0026h5_companion_enable_adcpn_macro_substitution_for_click_pings\u003dtrue\u0026h5_enable_ad_mbs\u003dtrue\u0026h5_inplayer_enable_adcpn_macro_substitution_for_click_pings\u003dtrue\u0026h5_reset_cache_and_filter_before_update_masthead\u003dtrue\u0026hfr_dropped_framerate_fallback_threshold\u003d0\u0026high_ccv_client_side_caching_h5\u003dtrue\u0026hls_use_new_codecs_string_api\u003dtrue\u0026html5_account_for_underrun_advance_in_sabr\u003dtrue\u0026html5_ad_timeout_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_adaptation_step_count\u003d0\u0026html5_ads_preroll_lock_timeout_delay_ms\u003d15000\u0026html5_allow_multiview_tile_preload\u003dtrue\u0026html5_allow_preloading_with_idle_only_network_for_sabr\u003dtrue\u0026html5_allow_video_keyframe_without_audio\u003dtrue\u0026html5_apply_constraints_in_client_for_sabr\u003dtrue\u0026html5_apply_min_failures\u003dtrue\u0026html5_apply_start_time_within_ads_for_ssdai_transitions\u003dtrue\u0026html5_atr_disable_force_fallback\u003dtrue\u0026html5_att_playback_timeout_ms\u003d30000\u0026html5_attach_num_random_bytes_to_bandaid\u003d0\u0026html5_attach_po_token_to_bandaid\u003dtrue\u0026html5_autonav_cap_idle_secs\u003d0\u0026html5_autonav_quality_cap\u003d720\u0026html5_autoplay_default_quality_cap\u003d0\u0026html5_auxiliary_estimate_weight\u003d0.0\u0026html5_av1_ordinal_cap\u003d0\u0026html5_bandaid_attach_content_po_token\u003dtrue\u0026html5_block_pip_safari_delay\u003d0\u0026html5_bypass_contention_secs\u003d0.0\u0026html5_byterate_soft_cap\u003d0\u0026html5_check_for_idle_network_interval_ms\u003d1000\u0026html5_chipset_soft_cap\u003d8192\u0026html5_consume_all_buffered_bytes_one_poll\u003dtrue\u0026html5_continuous_goodput_probe_interval_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_cuepoint_list_clear_on_seek\u003dtrue\u0026html5_d6de4_cloud_project_number\u003d868618676952\u0026html5_d6de4_defer_timeout_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_debug_data_log_probability\u003d0.0\u0026html5_decode_to_texture_cap\u003dtrue\u0026html5_default_ad_gain\u003d0.5\u0026html5_default_av1_threshold\u003d0\u0026html5_default_quality_cap\u003d0\u0026html5_defer_fetch_att_ms\u003d1000\u0026html5_delayed_retry_count\u003d1\u0026html5_delayed_retry_delay_ms\u003d5000\u0026html5_deprecate_adservice\u003dtrue\u0026html5_deprecate_manifestful_fallback\u003dtrue\u0026html5_deprecate_video_tag_pool\u003dtrue\u0026html5_desktop_vr180_allow_panning\u003dtrue\u0026html5_df_downgrade_thresh\u003d0.6\u0026html5_disable_bandwidth_cofactors_for_sabr_live\u003dtrue\u0026html5_disable_client_autonav_cap_for_onesie\u003dtrue\u0026html5_disable_loop_range_for_shorts_ads\u003dtrue\u0026html5_disable_move_pssh_to_moov\u003dtrue\u0026html5_disable_non_contiguous\u003dtrue\u0026html5_disable_peak_shave_for_onesie\u003dtrue\u0026html5_disable_ustreamer_constraint_for_sabr\u003dtrue\u0026html5_disable_web_safari_dai\u003dtrue\u0026html5_dispatch_tracklist_loaded_event\u003dtrue\u0026html5_displayed_frame_rate_downgrade_threshold\u003d45\u0026html5_drm_byterate_soft_cap\u003d0\u0026html5_drm_check_all_key_error_states\u003dtrue\u0026html5_drm_cpi_license_key\u003dtrue\u0026html5_drm_live_byterate_soft_cap\u003d0\u0026html5_early_media_for_sharper_shorts\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_ac3\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_audio_track_stickiness\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_audio_track_stickiness_phase_two\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_bandaid_error_screen\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_caption_changes_for_mosaic\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_composite_embargo\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_d6de4\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_d6de4_cold_start_and_error\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_d6de4_idle_priority_job\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_drc\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_drc_toggle_api\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_eac3\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_embedded_player_visibility_signals\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_encrypted_av1\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_media_serving_enforcement\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_media_serving_enforcement_when_has_preroll_ad\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_oduc\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_po_token_live_caption\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_progress_bar_slide_seek_logging\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_sabr_context_from_ump\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_sabr_drm_vod_streaming_xhr\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_sabr_format_selection\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_sabr_from_watch_server\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_sabr_host_fallback\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_sabr_ssdai_streaming_xhr\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_sabr_vod_streaming_xhr\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_server_driven_request_cancellation\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_sps_rebuffer_logs\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_sps_retry_backoff_metadata_requests\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_ssdai_transition_with_only_enter_cuerange\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_triggering_cuepoint_for_slot\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_tvos_dash\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_tvos_encrypted_vp9\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_voice_boost\u003dtrue\u0026html5_encourage_array_coalescing\u003dtrue\u0026html5_export_sodar_snapshot\u003dtrue\u0026html5_fill_default_mosaic_audio_track_id\u003dtrue\u0026html5_fix_drm_license_constraint_for_tv_and_onesie\u003dtrue\u0026html5_fix_multi_audio_offline_playback\u003dtrue\u0026html5_fixed_media_duration_for_request\u003d0\u0026html5_flush_index_on_updated_timestamp_offset\u003dtrue\u0026html5_force_sabr_from_watch_server_for_dfss\u003dtrue\u0026html5_forward_click_tracking_params_on_reload\u003dtrue\u0026html5_gapless_ad_autoplay_on_video_to_ad_only\u003dtrue\u0026html5_gapless_ended_transition_buffer_ms\u003d200\u0026html5_gapless_handoff_close_end_long_rebuffer_cfl\u003dtrue\u0026html5_gapless_handoff_close_end_long_rebuffer_delay_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_gapless_loop_seek_offset_in_milli\u003d0\u0026html5_gapless_slow_seek_cfl\u003dtrue\u0026html5_gapless_slow_seek_delay_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_gapless_slow_start_delay_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_generate_content_po_token\u003dtrue\u0026html5_generate_session_po_token\u003dtrue\u0026html5_gl_fps_threshold\u003d0\u0026html5_hard_cap_max_vertical_resolution_for_shorts\u003d0\u0026html5_hdcp_probing_stream_url\u003d\u0026html5_head_miss_secs\u003d0.0\u0026html5_hfr_quality_cap\u003d0\u0026html5_high_res_logging_percent\u003d0.01\u0026html5_high_res_seek_logging\u003dtrue\u0026html5_honor_caption_availabilities_in_audio_track\u003dtrue\u0026html5_hopeless_secs\u003d0\u0026html5_huli_ssdai_use_playback_state\u003dtrue\u0026html5_idle_rate_limit_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_ignore_partial_segment_from_live_readahead\u003dtrue\u0026html5_ignore_sabrseek_during_adskip\u003dtrue\u0026html5_innertube_heartbeats_for_fairplay\u003dtrue\u0026html5_innertube_heartbeats_for_playready\u003dtrue\u0026html5_innertube_heartbeats_for_widevine\u003dtrue\u0026html5_jumbo_mobile_subsegment_readahead_target\u003d3.0\u0026html5_jumbo_ull_nonstreaming_mffa_ms\u003d4000\u0026html5_jumbo_ull_subsegment_readahead_target\u003d1.3\u0026html5_kabuki_drm_live_51_default_off\u003dtrue\u0026html5_license_constraint_delay\u003d5000\u0026html5_live_abr_head_miss_fraction\u003d0.0\u0026html5_live_abr_repredict_fraction\u003d0.0\u0026html5_live_chunk_readahead_proxima_override\u003d0\u0026html5_live_head_playable\u003dtrue\u0026html5_live_low_latency_bandwidth_window\u003d0.0\u0026html5_live_normal_latency_bandwidth_window\u003d0.0\u0026html5_live_quality_cap\u003d0\u0026html5_live_ultra_low_latency_bandwidth_window\u003d0.0\u0026html5_liveness_drift_chunk_override\u003d0\u0026html5_liveness_drift_proxima_override\u003d0\u0026html5_log_audio_abr\u003dtrue\u0026html5_log_experiment_id_from_player_response_to_ctmp\u003d\u0026html5_log_first_ssdai_requests_killswitch\u003dtrue\u0026html5_log_rebuffer_events\u003d5\u0026html5_log_trigger_events_with_debug_data\u003dtrue\u0026html5_log_vss_extra_lr_cparams_freq\u003d\u0026html5_long_rebuffer_jiggle_cmt_delay_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_long_rebuffer_threshold_ms\u003d30000\u0026html5_manifestless_unplugged\u003dtrue\u0026html5_manifestless_vp9_otf\u003dtrue\u0026html5_max_buffer_health_for_downgrade_prop\u003d0.0\u0026html5_max_buffer_health_for_downgrade_secs\u003d0.0\u0026html5_max_byterate\u003d0\u0026html5_max_discontinuity_rewrite_count\u003d0\u0026html5_max_drift_per_track_secs\u003d0.0\u0026html5_max_headm_for_streaming_xhr\u003d0\u0026html5_max_live_dvr_window_plus_margin_secs\u003d46800.0\u0026html5_max_quality_sel_upgrade\u003d0\u0026html5_max_redirect_response_length\u003d8192\u0026html5_max_selectable_quality_ordinal\u003d0\u0026html5_max_vertical_resolution\u003d0\u0026html5_maximum_readahead_seconds\u003d0.0\u0026html5_media_fullscreen\u003dtrue\u0026html5_media_time_weight\u003dtrue\u0026html5_media_time_weight_prop\u003d0.0\u0026html5_min_failures_to_delay_retry\u003d3\u0026html5_min_media_duration_for_append_prop\u003d0.0\u0026html5_min_media_duration_for_cabr_slice\u003d0.01\u0026html5_min_playback_advance_for_steady_state_secs\u003d0\u0026html5_min_quality_ordinal\u003d0\u0026html5_min_readbehind_cap_secs\u003d60\u0026html5_min_readbehind_secs\u003d0\u0026html5_min_seconds_between_format_selections\u003d0.0\u0026html5_min_selectable_quality_ordinal\u003d0\u0026html5_min_startup_buffered_media_duration_for_live_secs\u003d0.0\u0026html5_min_startup_buffered_media_duration_secs\u003d1.2\u0026html5_min_startup_duration_live_secs\u003d0.25\u0026html5_min_underrun_buffered_pre_steady_state_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_min_upgrade_health_secs\u003d0.0\u0026html5_minimum_readahead_seconds\u003d0.0\u0026html5_mock_content_binding_for_session_token\u003d\u0026html5_move_disable_airplay\u003dtrue\u0026html5_no_placeholder_rollbacks\u003dtrue\u0026html5_non_onesie_attach_po_token\u003dtrue\u0026html5_offline_download_timeout_retry_limit\u003d4\u0026html5_offline_failure_retry_limit\u003d2\u0026html5_offline_playback_position_sync\u003dtrue\u0026html5_offline_prevent_redownload_downloaded_video\u003dtrue\u0026html5_onesie_audio_only_playback\u003dtrue\u0026html5_onesie_check_timeout\u003dtrue\u0026html5_onesie_defer_content_loader_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_onesie_live_ttl_secs\u003d8\u0026html5_onesie_prewarm_interval_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_onesie_prewarm_max_lact_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_onesie_redirector_timeout_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_onesie_send_streamer_context\u003dtrue\u0026html5_onesie_use_signed_onesie_ustreamer_config\u003dtrue\u0026html5_override_micro_discontinuities_threshold_ms\u003d-1\u0026html5_paced_poll_min_health_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_paced_poll_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_pause_on_nonforeground_platform_errors\u003dtrue\u0026html5_peak_shave\u003dtrue\u0026html5_perf_cap_override_sticky\u003dtrue\u0026html5_performance_cap_floor\u003d360\u0026html5_perserve_av1_perf_cap\u003dtrue\u0026html5_picture_in_picture_logging_onresize_ratio\u003d0.0\u0026html5_platform_max_buffer_health_oversend_duration_secs\u003d0.0\u0026html5_platform_minimum_readahead_seconds\u003d0.0\u0026html5_platform_whitelisted_for_frame_accurate_seeks\u003dtrue\u0026html5_player_att_initial_delay_ms\u003d1000\u0026html5_player_att_retry_delay_ms\u003d1500\u0026html5_player_autonav_logging\u003dtrue\u0026html5_player_dynamic_bottom_gradient\u003dtrue\u0026html5_player_es6\u003dtrue\u0026html5_player_min_build_cl\u003d-1\u0026html5_player_preload_ad_fix\u003dtrue\u0026html5_post_interrupt_readahead\u003d20\u0026html5_prefer_language_over_codec\u003dtrue\u0026html5_prefer_server_bwe3\u003dtrue\u0026html5_preload_before_initial_seek_with_sabr\u003dtrue\u0026html5_preload_wait_time_secs\u003d0.0\u0026html5_prevent_mobile_background_play_on_event_shared\u003dtrue\u0026html5_probe_primary_delay_base_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_process_all_encrypted_events\u003dtrue\u0026html5_qoe_proto_mock_length\u003d0\u0026html5_query_sw_secure_crypto_for_android\u003dtrue\u0026html5_random_playback_cap\u003d0\u0026html5_recognize_predict_start_cue_point\u003dtrue\u0026html5_record_is_offline_on_playback_attempt_start\u003dtrue\u0026html5_record_ump_timing\u003dtrue\u0026html5_reload_by_kabuki_app\u003dtrue\u0026html5_remove_command_triggered_companions\u003dtrue\u0026html5_remove_not_servable_check_killswitch\u003dtrue\u0026html5_remove_ssdai_append_pause\u003dtrue\u0026html5_report_fatal_drm_restricted_error_killswitch\u003dtrue\u0026html5_report_slow_ads_as_error\u003dtrue\u0026html5_repredict_interval_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_request_only_hdr_or_sdr_keys\u003dtrue\u0026html5_request_size_max_kb\u003d0\u0026html5_request_size_min_kb\u003d0\u0026html5_reseek_after_time_jump_cfl\u003dtrue\u0026html5_reseek_after_time_jump_delay_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_resource_bad_status_delay_scaling\u003d1.5\u0026html5_restrict_streaming_xhr_on_sqless_requests\u003dtrue\u0026html5_retry_downloads_for_expiration\u003dtrue\u0026html5_retry_on_drm_key_error\u003dtrue\u0026html5_retry_on_drm_unavailable\u003dtrue\u0026html5_retry_quota_exceeded_via_seek\u003dtrue\u0026html5_return_playback_if_already_preloaded\u003dtrue\u0026html5_sabr_enable_server_xtag_selection\u003dtrue\u0026html5_sabr_fetch_on_idle_network_preloaded_players\u003dtrue\u0026html5_sabr_force_max_network_interruption_duration_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_sabr_ignore_skipad_before_completion\u003dtrue\u0026html5_sabr_live_drm_streaming_xhr\u003dtrue\u0026html5_sabr_live_low_latency_streaming_xhr\u003dtrue\u0026html5_sabr_live_normal_latency_streaming_xhr\u003dtrue\u0026html5_sabr_live_timing\u003dtrue\u0026html5_sabr_live_ultra_low_latency_streaming_xhr\u003dtrue\u0026html5_sabr_log_server_xtag_selection_onesie_mismatch\u003dtrue\u0026html5_sabr_min_media_bytes_factor_to_append_for_stream\u003d0.0\u0026html5_sabr_non_streaming_xhr_soft_cap\u003d0\u0026html5_sabr_non_streaming_xhr_vod_request_cancellation_timeout_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_sabr_remove_all_quality_constraints_for_drm_traffic\u003dtrue\u0026html5_sabr_report_partial_segment_estimated_duration\u003dtrue\u0026html5_sabr_report_request_cancellation_info\u003dtrue\u0026html5_sabr_request_limit_per_period\u003d20\u0026html5_sabr_seek_no_shift_tolerance\u003dtrue\u0026html5_sabr_skip_client_audio_init_selection\u003dtrue\u0026html5_sabr_unused_bloat_size_bytes\u003d0\u0026html5_samsung_kant_limit_max_bitrate\u003d0\u0026html5_seek_jiggle_cmt_delay_ms\u003d8000\u0026html5_seek_new_elem_delay_ms\u003d12000\u0026html5_seek_new_elem_shorts_delay_ms\u003d2000\u0026html5_seek_new_media_element_shorts_reuse_cfl\u003dtrue\u0026html5_seek_new_media_element_shorts_reuse_delay_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_seek_new_media_source_shorts_reuse_cfl\u003dtrue\u0026html5_seek_new_media_source_shorts_reuse_delay_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_seek_set_cmt_delay_ms\u003d2000\u0026html5_seek_timeout_delay_ms\u003d20000\u0026html5_send_cuepoint_id_in_ad_break_request\u003dtrue\u0026html5_send_serialized_one_time_qoe_context_data\u003dtrue\u0026html5_serve_start_seconds_seek_for_post_live_sabr\u003dtrue\u0026html5_server_stitched_dai_decorated_url_retry_limit\u003d5\u0026html5_server_stitched_dai_group\u003dtrue\u0026html5_session_po_token_interval_time_ms\u003d900000\u0026html5_set_video_id_as_expected_content_binding\u003dtrue\u0026html5_shorts_gapless_ad_slow_start_cfl\u003dtrue\u0026html5_shorts_gapless_ad_slow_start_delay_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_shorts_gapless_next_buffer_in_seconds\u003d0\u0026html5_shorts_gapless_no_gllat\u003dtrue\u0026html5_shorts_gapless_slow_start_delay_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_show_drc_toggle\u003dtrue\u0026html5_simplified_backup_timeout_sabr_live\u003dtrue\u0026html5_skip_empty_po_token\u003dtrue\u0026html5_skip_slow_ad_delay_ms\u003d15000\u0026html5_slow_start_no_media_source_delay_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_slow_start_timeout_delay_ms\u003d20000\u0026html5_ssdai_clear_backoff_on_cuepoint_list_resolved\u003dtrue\u0026html5_ssdai_enable_media_end_cue_range\u003dtrue\u0026html5_ssdai_enable_new_seek_logic\u003dtrue\u0026html5_ssdai_failure_retry_limit\u003d0\u0026html5_ssdai_log_missing_ad_config_reason\u003dtrue\u0026html5_stall_factor\u003d0.0\u0026html5_sticky_duration_mos\u003d0\u0026html5_store_xhr_headers_readable\u003dtrue\u0026html5_streaming_resilience\u003dtrue\u0026html5_streaming_xhr_time_based_consolidation_ms\u003d-1\u0026html5_subsegment_readahead_load_speed_check_interval\u003d0.5\u0026html5_subsegment_readahead_min_buffer_health_secs\u003d0.25\u0026html5_subsegment_readahead_min_buffer_health_secs_on_timeout\u003d0.1\u0026html5_subsegment_readahead_min_load_speed\u003d1.5\u0026html5_subsegment_readahead_seek_latency_fudge\u003d0.5\u0026html5_subsegment_readahead_target_buffer_health_secs\u003d0.5\u0026html5_subsegment_readahead_timeout_secs\u003d2.0\u0026html5_track_overshoot\u003dtrue\u0026html5_transfer_processing_logs_interval\u003d1000\u0026html5_trigger_loader_when_idle_network\u003dtrue\u0026html5_ugc_live_audio_51\u003dtrue\u0026html5_ugc_vod_audio_51\u003dtrue\u0026html5_unreported_seek_reseek_delay_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_update_time_on_seeked\u003dtrue\u0026html5_use_date_now_for_local_storage\u003dtrue\u0026html5_use_init_selected_audio\u003dtrue\u0026html5_use_jsonformatter_to_parse_player_response\u003dtrue\u0026html5_use_non_active_broadcast_for_post_live\u003dtrue\u0026html5_use_post_for_media\u003dtrue\u0026html5_use_shared_owl_instance\u003dtrue\u0026html5_use_ump\u003dtrue\u0026html5_use_ump_request_slicer\u003dtrue\u0026html5_use_ump_timing\u003dtrue\u0026html5_use_video_quality_cap_for_ustreamer_constraint\u003dtrue\u0026html5_use_video_transition_endpoint_heartbeat\u003dtrue\u0026html5_video_tbd_min_kb\u003d0\u0026html5_viewport_undersend_maximum\u003d0.0\u0026html5_volume_slider_tooltip\u003dtrue\u0026html5_web_po_experiment_ids\u003d[]\u0026html5_web_po_request_key\u003d\u0026html5_web_po_token_disable_caching\u003dtrue\u0026html5_webpo_idle_priority_job\u003dtrue\u0026html5_webpo_kaios_defer_timeout_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_woffle_resume\u003dtrue\u0026html5_workaround_delay_trigger\u003dtrue\u0026idb_immediate_commit\u003dtrue\u0026ignore_overlapping_cue_points_on_endemic_live_html5\u003dtrue\u0026il_attach_cache_limit\u003dtrue\u0026il_payload_scraping\u003d\u0026il_use_view_model_logging_context\u003dtrue\u0026initial_gel_batch_timeout\u003d2000\u0026injected_license_handler_error_code\u003d0\u0026injected_license_handler_license_status\u003d0\u0026ios_and_android_fresca_polling_delay_override\u003d0\u0026itdrm_always_generate_media_keys\u003dtrue\u0026itdrm_always_use_widevine_sdk\u003dtrue\u0026itdrm_disable_external_key_rotation_system_ids\u003d[]\u0026itdrm_enable_revocation_reporting\u003dtrue\u0026itdrm_injected_license_service_error_code\u003d0\u0026itdrm_set_sabr_license_constraint\u003dtrue\u0026itdrm_use_fairplay_sdk\u003dtrue\u0026itdrm_use_widevine_sdk_for_premium_content\u003dtrue\u0026itdrm_use_widevine_sdk_only_for_sampled_dod\u003dtrue\u0026itdrm_widevine_hardened_vmp_mode\u003dlog\u0026json_condensed_response\u003dtrue\u0026kevlar_command_handler_command_banlist\u003d[]\u0026kevlar_delhi_modern_web_endscreen_ideal_tile_width_percentage\u003d0.27\u0026kevlar_delhi_modern_web_endscreen_max_rows\u003d2\u0026kevlar_delhi_modern_web_endscreen_max_width\u003d500\u0026kevlar_delhi_modern_web_endscreen_min_width\u003d200\u0026kevlar_gel_error_routing\u003dtrue\u0026kevlar_miniplayer_expand_top\u003dtrue\u0026kevlar_miniplayer_play_pause_on_scrim\u003dtrue\u0026kevlar_playback_associated_queue\u003dtrue\u0026kevlar_use_wil_icons\u003dtrue\u0026kevlar_vimio_use_shared_monitor\u003dtrue\u0026kevlar_woffle\u003dtrue\u0026launch_license_service_all_ott_videos_automatic_fail_open\u003dtrue\u0026limit_ytcsi_debug_array_size\u003dtrue\u0026live_chat_enable_rta_manager\u003dtrue\u0026live_chunk_readahead\u003d3\u0026log_click_with_layer_from_element_in_command_handler\u003dtrue\u0026log_gel_compression_latency\u003dtrue\u0026log_heartbeat_with_lifecycles\u003dtrue\u0026log_ssdai_decoration_failure_if_missing_ad_break_status\u003dtrue\u0026log_window_onerror_fraction\u003d0.1\u0026manifestless_post_live\u003dtrue\u0026manifestless_post_live_ufph\u003dtrue\u0026max_body_size_to_compress\u003d500000\u0026max_cdfe_quality_ordinal\u003d0\u0026max_prefetch_window_sec_for_livestream_optimization\u003d10\u0026max_resolution_for_white_noise\u003d360\u0026mdx_enable_privacy_disclosure_ui\u003dtrue\u0026mdx_load_cast_api_bootstrap_script\u003dtrue\u0026migrate_remaining_web_ad_badges_to_innertube\u003dtrue\u0026min_prefetch_offset_sec_for_livestream_optimization\u003d20\u0026mta_drc_mutual_exclusion_removal\u003dtrue\u0026music_enable_shared_audio_tier_logic\u003dtrue\u0026mweb_account_linking_noapp\u003dtrue\u0026mweb_enable_click_to_play_pause\u003dtrue\u0026mweb_enable_fine_scrubbing_for_recs\u003dtrue\u0026mweb_enable_more_chunks\u003dtrue\u0026mweb_native_control_in_faux_fullscreen_shared\u003dtrue\u0026mweb_player_control_on_hover\u003dtrue\u0026mweb_progress_bar_seek_on_mouse_click\u003dtrue\u0026mweb_shorts_comments_panel_id_change\u003dtrue\u0026network_polling_interval\u003d30000\u0026networkless_logging\u003dtrue\u0026new_codecs_string_api_uses_legacy_style\u003dtrue\u0026no_drm_on_demand_with_cc_license\u003dtrue\u0026no_filler_video_for_ssa_playbacks\u003dtrue\u0026offline_error_handling\u003dtrue\u0026onesie_add_gfe_frontline_to_player_request\u003dtrue\u0026onesie_enable_override_headm\u003dtrue\u0026override_drm_required_playback_policy_channels\u003d[]\u0026pageid_as_header_web\u003dtrue\u0026par_at_ep\u003dtrue\u0026pdg_enable_creator_goals_animations\u003dtrue\u0026player_ads_set_adformat_on_client\u003dtrue\u0026player_bootstrap_method\u003dtrue\u0026player_controls_volume_controls_use_player_props\u003dtrue\u0026player_destroy_old_version\u003dtrue\u0026player_doubletap_to_seek\u003dtrue\u0026player_enable_playback_playlist_change\u003dtrue\u0026player_new_info_card_format\u003dtrue\u0026player_underlay_min_player_width\u003d768.0\u0026player_underlay_video_width_fraction\u003d0.6\u0026player_web_canary\u003dtrue\u0026player_web_canary_stage\u003d3\u0026player_web_is_canary\u003dtrue\u0026playready_first_play_expiration\u003d-1\u0026podcasts_videostats_default_flush_interval_seconds\u003d0\u0026polymer_bad_build_labels\u003dtrue\u0026polymer_verifiy_app_state\u003dtrue\u0026populate_format_set_info_in_cdfe_formats\u003dtrue\u0026populate_head_minus_in_watch_server\u003dtrue\u0026preskip_button_style_ads_backend\u003dcountdown_next_to_thumbnail\u0026proxima_auto_threshold_max_network_interruption_duration_ms\u003d0\u0026proxima_auto_threshold_min_bandwidth_estimate_bytes_per_sec\u003d0\u0026qoe_nwl_downloads\u003dtrue\u0026qoe_send_and_write\u003dtrue\u0026quality_cap_for_inline_non_app_ads\u003d0\u0026quality_cap_for_inline_playback\u003d0\u0026quality_cap_for_inline_playback_ads\u003d0\u0026read_ahead_model_name\u003d\u0026record_app_crashed_web\u003dtrue\u0026refactor_mta_default_track_selection\u003dtrue\u0026reject_hidden_live_formats\u003dtrue\u0026reject_live_vp9_mq_clear_with_no_abr_ladder\u003dtrue\u0026remove_chevron_from_ad_disclosure_banner_h5\u003dtrue\u0026remove_masthead_channel_banner_on_refresh\u003dtrue\u0026remove_slot_id_exited_trigger_for_dai_in_player_slot_expire\u003dtrue\u0026replace_playability_retriever_in_watch\u003dtrue\u0026return_drm_product_unknown_for_clear_playbacks\u003dtrue\u0026sabr_enable_host_fallback\u003dtrue\u0026self_podding_header_string_template\u003dself_podding_interstitial_message\u0026self_podding_midroll_choice_string_template\u003dself_podding_midroll_choice\u0026send_config_hash_timer\u003d0\u0026serve_adaptive_fmts_for_live_streams\u003dtrue\u0026set_interstitial_advertisers_question_text\u003dtrue\u0026set_mock_id_as_expected_content_binding\u003d\u0026shell_load_gcf\u003dtrue\u0026shorts_mode_to_player_api\u003dtrue\u0026should_attribute_to_watch_with_source\u003d[]\u0026should_clear_video_data_on_player_cued_unstarted\u003dtrue\u0026simply_embedded_enable_botguard\u003dtrue\u0026skip_ls_gel_retry\u003dtrue\u0026slow_compressions_before_abandon_count\u003d4\u0026small_avatars_for_comments\u003dtrue\u0026smart_skip_web_player_bar_min_hover_length_milliseconds\u003d1000\u0026smarter_ve_dedupping\u003dtrue\u0026speedmaster_cancellation_movement_dp\u003d10\u0026speedmaster_playback_rate\u003d2.0\u0026speedmaster_touch_activation_ms\u003d500\u0026sps_enable_antiscraping_rules\u003dtrue\u0026start_async_playability_lazy_dependencies\u003dtrue\u0026start_client_gcf\u003dtrue\u0026stop_handling_click_for_non_rendering_overlay_layout\u003dtrue\u0026streaming_data_emergency_itag_blacklist\u003d[]\u0026substitute_ad_cpn_macro_in_ssdai\u003dtrue\u0026suppress_error_204_logging\u003dtrue\u0026transport_use_scheduler\u003dtrue\u0026trim_adaptive_formats_signature_cipher_for_sabr_content\u003dtrue\u0026trim_adaptive_formats_url_for_media_barrier\u003dtrue\u0026tvhtml5_unplugged_preload_cache_size\u003d5\u0026use_cue_range_marker_position\u003dtrue\u0026use_event_time_ms_header\u003dtrue\u0026use_fifo_for_networkless\u003dtrue\u0026use_generated_media_keys_in_fairplay_requests\u003dtrue\u0026use_inlined_player_rpc\u003dtrue\u0026use_new_codecs_string_api\u003dtrue\u0026use_request_time_ms_header\u003dtrue\u0026use_rta_for_player\u003dtrue\u0026use_rta_for_player_hb\u003dtrue\u0026use_rta_only_for_player\u003dtrue\u0026use_session_based_sampling\u003dtrue\u0026use_simplified_remove_webm_rules\u003dtrue\u0026use_thumbnail_overlay_time_status_renderer_for_live_badge\u003dtrue\u0026use_video_playback_premium_signal\u003dtrue\u0026variable_buffer_timeout_ms\u003d0\u0026vp9_drm_live\u003dtrue\u0026vss_final_ping_send_and_write\u003dtrue\u0026vss_pings_using_networkless\u003dtrue\u0026vss_playback_use_send_and_write\u003dtrue\u0026web_add_footer_template_to_audio_track\u003dtrue\u0026web_api_url\u003dtrue\u0026web_attention_logging_scroll_throttle\u003d500.0\u0026web_big_boards\u003dtrue\u0026web_big_boards_enable_in_inline\u003dtrue\u0026web_big_boards_enable_in_miniplayer\u003dtrue\u0026web_button_view_model_non_nullish_data\u003dtrue\u0026web_button_vm_refactor_disabled\u003dtrue\u0026web_cinematic_watch_settings\u003dtrue\u0026web_client_version_override\u003d\u0026web_collect_offline_state\u003dtrue\u0026web_csi_action_sampling_enabled\u003dtrue\u0026web_csi_debug_sample_enabled\u003dtrue\u0026web_dedupe_ve_grafting\u003dtrue\u0026web_disable_chip_view_model_mutation\u003dtrue\u0026web_enable_ab_rsp_cl\u003dtrue\u0026web_enable_course_icon_update\u003dtrue\u0026web_enable_entity_upsert_on_update\u003dtrue\u0026web_enable_error_204\u003dtrue\u0026web_enable_keyboard_shortcut_for_timely_actions\u003dtrue\u0026web_enable_shopping_timely_shelf_client\u003dtrue\u0026web_enable_speedmaster\u003dtrue\u0026web_enable_timely_actions\u003dtrue\u0026web_enable_varispeed_panel\u003dtrue\u0026web_fix_fine_scrubbing_false_play\u003dtrue\u0026web_foreground_heartbeat_interval_ms\u003d28000\u0026web_forward_command_on_pbj\u003dtrue\u0026web_fullscreen_shorts\u003dtrue\u0026web_gcf_hashes_innertube\u003dtrue\u0026web_gel_debounce_ms\u003d60000\u0026web_gel_timeout_cap\u003dtrue\u0026web_heat_map_v2\u003dtrue\u0026web_hide_next_button\u003dtrue\u0026web_hide_watch_info_empty\u003dtrue\u0026web_hide_your_data_on_automotive\u003dtrue\u0026web_infocards_teaser_show_logging_fix\u003dtrue\u0026web_key_moments_markers\u003dtrue\u0026web_l3_storyboard\u003dtrue\u0026web_load_prediction_threshold\u003d0.3\u0026web_log_memory_total_kbytes\u003dtrue\u0026web_logging_max_batch\u003d150\u0026web_max_tracing_events\u003d50\u0026web_modern_buttons\u003dtrue\u0026web_navigation_prediction_threshold\u003d0.1\u0026web_new_autonav_countdown\u003dtrue\u0026web_op_signal_type_banlist\u003d[]\u0026web_playback_associated_log_ctt\u003dtrue\u0026web_playback_associated_ve\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_api_logging_fraction\u003d0.01\u0026web_player_autonav_use_server_provided_state\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_big_mode_screen_width_cutoff\u003d4001\u0026web_player_default_peeking_px\u003d0\u0026web_player_delhi_dtts\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_enable_featured_product_banner_exclusives_on_desktop\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_enable_featured_product_banner_promotion_text_on_desktop\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_enable_fullscreen_grid_components\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_enable_premium_hbr_in_h5_api\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_enable_premium_hbr_playback_cap\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_frosted_glass_blur_radius\u003d16\u0026web_player_frosted_glass_blur_radius_float\u003d16.0\u0026web_player_grid_natural_scroll\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_innertube_playlist_update\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_invisible_fullscreen_button\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_ipp_canary_type_for_logging\u003dexperiment\u0026web_player_log_click_before_generating_ve_conversion_params\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_miniplayer_in_context_menu\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_mouse_idle_wait_time_ms\u003d3000\u0026web_player_move_autonav_toggle\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_music_visualizer_treatment\u003dfake\u0026web_player_nitrate_promo_tooltip\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_offline_playlist_auto_refresh\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_overlay_positioned_layout\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_pip_logging_fix\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_playable_sequences_refactor\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_pt_tt\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_quick_hide_timeout_ms\u003d250\u0026web_player_rtr_ctrls\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_seek_chapters_by_shortcut\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_seek_overlay_additional_arrow_threshold\u003d200\u0026web_player_seek_overlay_duration_bump_scale\u003d0.9\u0026web_player_seek_overlay_linger_duration\u003d1000\u0026web_player_sentinel_is_uniplayer\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_show_music_in_this_video_graphic\u003dvideo_thumbnail\u0026web_player_spacebar_control_bugfix\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_ss_dai_ad_fetching_timeout_ms\u003d15000\u0026web_player_ss_media_time_offset\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_touch_idle_wait_time_ms\u003d4000\u0026web_player_transfer_timeout_threshold_ms\u003d10800000\u0026web_player_updated_entrypoint\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_use_cinematic_label_2\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_use_new_api_for_quality_pullback\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_use_screen_width_for_big_mode\u003dtrue\u0026web_prefetch_preload_video\u003dtrue\u0026web_progress_bar_draggable\u003dtrue\u0026web_remix_allow_up_to_3x_playback_rate\u003dtrue\u0026web_remove_broken_subscribe_endscreen\u003dtrue\u0026web_reset_lact_on_media_actions\u003dtrue\u0026web_session_replay_send_after_timeout\u003d0\u0026web_settings_menu_icons\u003dtrue\u0026web_settings_menu_surface_custom_playback\u003dtrue\u0026web_settings_use_input_slider\u003dtrue\u0026web_shorts_audio_track_picker\u003dtrue\u0026web_sleep_timer\u003dtrue\u0026web_speedmaster_spacebar_control\u003dtrue\u0026web_tracing_enabled_spans\u003d[event, command]\u0026web_tracing_session_replay\u003d0\u0026web_watch_enable_fs_squeezeback_panels\u003dtrue\u0026webpo_exit_on_net_err\u003dtrue\u0026wil_icon_max_concurrent_fetches\u003d9999\u0026wil_icon_render_when_idle\u003dtrue\u0026wiz_diff_overwritable\u003dtrue\u0026wiz_wrapper_callback_props_fix\u003dtrue\u0026woffle_enable_download_status\u003dtrue\u0026woffle_orchestration\u003dtrue\u0026write_reload_player_response_token_to_ustreamer_config_for_vod\u003dtrue\u0026ws_av1_max_height_floor\u003d0\u0026ws_av1_max_width_floor\u003d0\u0026ws_use_centralized_hqa_filter\u003dtrue\u0026wug_networking_gzip_request\u003dtrue\u0026ytcsi_debug_max_size\u003d100\u0026ytidb_remake_db_retries\u003d3\u0026ytidb_reopen_db_retries\u003d3\u0026ytidb_transaction_ended_event_rate_limit\u003d0.02","cspNonce":"1FEbiaPymPRwluOaunvWMg","canaryState":"canary","enableCsiLogging":true,"deviceIsAudioOnly":true,"datasyncId":"V0afcd696||","canaryStage":"MEDIUM","trustedJsUrl":{"privateDoNotAccessOrElseTrustedResourceUrlWrappedValue":"/s/player/bcd88ad3/player_es6.vflset/en_US/base.js"},"trustedCssUrl":{"privateDoNotAccessOrElseTrustedResourceUrlWrappedValue":"/s/player/bcd88ad3/www-player.css"},"serializedClientExperimentFlags":"45713225\u003d0\u002645718175\u003d0.0\u002645718176\u003d0.0\u002645725538\u003d0.0\u002645725539\u003d0.0\u002645725540\u003d0.0\u002645725541\u003d0.0\u002645725542\u003d0.0\u002645725543\u003d0.0\u002645728334\u003d0.0\u002645728572\u003dtrue\u002645729215\u003dtrue\u002645732704\u003dtrue\u002645732791\u003dtrue\u002645735428\u003d4000.0\u002645737488\u003d0.0\u002645737489\u003d0.0\u002645739023\u003d0.0\u002645741339\u003d0.0\u002645741773\u003d0.0\u002645743228\u003d0.0\u002645746966\u003d0.0\u002645746967\u003d0.0\u002645747053\u003d0.0\u002645750947\u003d10240\u002645756201\u003dtrue\u002645756872\u003d0.0\u002645757426\u003d0.0\u002645757427\u003d0.0\u002645757750\u003d0.0\u002645757957\u003d0.0\u002645758467\u003d0.0\u002645760018\u003dtrue\u002645761760\u003d200\u002645762838\u003d0\u002645764217\u003d0.0\u002645764252\u003d0.0\u002645764523\u003d0.0\u002645764524\u003d0.0\u002645764593\u003d0.0\u002645765077\u003dtrue\u002645765568\u003d0.0\u002645765602\u003d0.0\u002645767763\u003d0.0\u002645767943\u003d0.0\u002645768340\u003d0.0\u002645768430\u003d0.0\u002645769119\u003dtrue\u002645769214\u003d0.0\u002645770001\u003d0.0\u002645770002\u003d0.0\u002645770135\u003dtrue\u002645771890\u003d0.0\u002645773603\u003d0.0\u002645773604\u003d0.0\u002645775791\u003d0.0\u002645775792\u003d0.0\u002645778663\u003d0.0\u002645778671\u003d0.0"},"WEB_PLAYER_CONTEXT_CONFIG_ID_KEVLAR_BACKGROUND_AUDIO_PLAYER":{"rootElementId":"background-audio-player","jsUrl":"/s/player/bcd88ad3/player_es6.vflset/en_US/base.js","cssUrl":"/s/player/bcd88ad3/www-player.css","contextId":"WEB_PLAYER_CONTEXT_CONFIG_ID_KEVLAR_BACKGROUND_AUDIO_PLAYER","eventLabel":"background_audio_playback","contentRegion":"NP","hl":"en_US","hostLanguage":"en","playerStyle":"desktop-polymer","innertubeApiKey":"AIzaSyAO_FJ2SlqU8Q4STEHLGCilw_Y9_11qcW8","innertubeApiVersion":"v1","innertubeContextClientVersion":"2.20260424.01.00","device":{"brand":"apple","model":"","browser":"Chrome","browserVersion":"124.0.0.0","os":"Macintosh","osVersion":"10_15_7","platform":"DESKTOP","interfaceName":"WEB","interfaceVersion":"2.20260424.01.00"},"serializedExperimentIds":"24004644,24499534,39325854,51010235,51063643,51072748,51095478,51098299,51204329,51222973,51300176,51300241,51314158,51340662,51349914,51353393,51366423,51389629,51459470,51467676,51470301,51472205,51490331,51505436,51530495,51534669,51547388,51565116,51578633,51583821,51605258,51609829,51619706,51620867,51622845,51635955,51638932,51646450,51648336,51672162,51681662,51683502,51684560,51698285,51705976,51708061,51713176,51715023,51717747,51719112,51720353,51729218,51740148,51742377,51763897,51774882,51784587,51798928,51801292,51802233,51803128,51803199,51803587,51804539,51807293,51811903,51819635,51820067,51829421,51839674,51839732,51841270,51844842,51847710,51849664,51851862,51855288,51856590,51866874,51866997,51869208,51876388,51881461,51885343,51887880,51889002,51890561,51892086,51893373,51899026,51908397","serializedExperimentFlags":"H5_async_logging_delay_ms\u003d30000.0\u0026a11y_h5_associate_survey_question\u003dtrue\u0026ab_det_apb_b\u003dtrue\u0026ab_det_apm\u003dtrue\u0026ab_det_el_h\u003dtrue\u0026action_companion_center_align_description\u003dtrue\u0026ad_pod_disable_companion_persist_ads_quality\u003dtrue\u0026add_stmp_logs_for_voice_boost\u003dtrue\u0026allow_autohide_on_paused_videos\u003dtrue\u0026allow_drm_override\u003dtrue\u0026allow_live_autoplay\u003dtrue\u0026allow_poltergust_autoplay\u003dtrue\u0026allow_skip_networkless\u003dtrue\u0026allow_vb_audio_formats\u003dtrue\u0026allow_vb_audio_formats_with_mta\u003dtrue\u0026allow_vp9_1080p_mq_enc\u003dtrue\u0026always_cache_redirect_endpoint\u003dtrue\u0026annotation_module_vast_cards_load_logging_fraction\u003d0.0\u0026assign_drm_family_by_format\u003dtrue\u0026att_web_record_metrics\u003dtrue\u0026attach_experiment_propagation_context_to_config\u003dtrue\u0026attention_logging_scroll_throttle\u003d500.0\u0026attmusi\u003dtrue\u0026autoplay_time\u003d8000\u0026autoplay_time_for_fullscreen\u003d3000\u0026autoplay_time_for_music_content\u003d3000\u0026bg_st_hr\u003dtrue\u0026bg_vm_reinit_threshold\u003d7200000\u0026block_tvhtml5_simply_embedded\u003dtrue\u0026blocked_packages_for_sps\u003d[]\u0026botguard_async_snapshot_timeout_ms\u003d3000\u0026captions_url_add_ei\u003dtrue\u0026check_navigator_accuracy_timeout_ms\u003d0\u0026client_respect_autoplay_switch_button_renderer\u003dtrue\u0026client_ui_enable_multi_track_audio_on_web_embedded_player\u003dtrue\u0026compress_gel\u003dtrue\u0026compression_disable_point\u003d10\u0026cow_optimize_idom_compat\u003dtrue\u0026csi_on_gel\u003dtrue\u0026custom_active_view_tos_timeout_ms\u003d3600000\u0026dash_manifest_version\u003d5\u0026debug_bandaid_hostname\u003d\u0026debug_bandaid_port\u003d0\u0026debug_sherlog_username\u003d\u0026delhi_fast_follow_autonav_toggle\u003dtrue\u0026delhi_modern_player_default_thumbnail_percentage\u003d0.0\u0026delhi_modern_player_faster_autohide_delay_ms\u003d2000\u0026delhi_modern_player_pause_thumbnail_percentage\u003d0.6\u0026delhi_modern_web_player\u003dtrue\u0026delhi_modern_web_player_blending_mode\u003d\u0026delhi_modern_web_player_disable_frosted_glass\u003dtrue\u0026delhi_modern_web_player_horizontal_volume_controls\u003dtrue\u0026delhi_modern_web_player_icons\u003dtrue\u0026delhi_modern_web_player_lhs_volume_controls\u003dtrue\u0026delhi_modern_web_player_responsive_compact_controls_threshold\u003d4000\u0026delhi_web_player_use_external_playlist_panel\u003dtrue\u0026deprecate_22\u003dtrue\u0026deprecate_delay_ping\u003dtrue\u0026deprecate_pair_servlet_enabled\u003dtrue\u0026desktop_sparkles_light_cta_button\u003dtrue\u0026disable_av1_setting\u003dtrue\u0026disable_channel_id_check_for_suspended_channels\u003dtrue\u0026disable_child_node_auto_formatted_strings\u003dtrue\u0026disable_features_for_supex\u003dtrue\u0026disable_legacy_desktop_remote_queue\u003dtrue\u0026disable_lifa_for_supex_users\u003dtrue\u0026disable_log_to_visitor_layer\u003dtrue\u0026disable_mdx_connection_in_mdx_module_for_music_web\u003dtrue\u0026disable_pacf_logging_for_memory_limited_tv\u003dtrue\u0026disable_reel_item_watch_format_filtering\u003dtrue\u0026disable_ssdai_on_errors\u003dtrue\u0026disable_threegpp_progressive_formats\u003dtrue\u0026disable_touch_events_on_skip_button\u003dtrue\u0026duration_before_pause_ad_break_ms_for_system_pause\u003d0\u0026edge_encryption_fill_primary_key_version\u003dtrue\u0026embeds_desktoff_enable_ads_top_bar\u003dtrue\u0026embeds_desktop_enable_volume_slider\u003dtrue\u0026embeds_enable_embed_config_for_muted_autoplay\u003dtrue\u0026embeds_enable_innertube_store\u003dtrue\u0026embeds_enable_move_set_center_crop_to_public\u003dtrue\u0026embeds_enable_per_video_embed_config\u003dtrue\u0026embeds_web_lite_mode\u003d1\u0026enable_a11y_focus_fix_for_mac_panel_on_desktop\u003dtrue\u0026enable_access_code_service_rpc\u003dtrue\u0026enable_aci_on_lr_feeds\u003dtrue\u0026enable_active_view_display_ad_renderer_web_home\u003dtrue\u0026enable_active_view_lr_shorts_video\u003dtrue\u0026enable_active_view_web_shorts_video\u003dtrue\u0026enable_ad_cpn_macro_substitution_for_click_pings\u003dtrue\u0026enable_ad_disclosure_banner_a11y_fix\u003dtrue\u0026enable_antiscraping_web_player_expired\u003dtrue\u0026enable_app_promo_endcap_eml_on_tablet\u003dtrue\u0026enable_automotive_form_factor_check\u003dtrue\u0026enable_av1_for_svod\u003dtrue\u0026enable_batched_cross_device_pings_in_gel_fanout\u003dtrue\u0026enable_capability_format_filter_in_watch_server\u003dtrue\u0026enable_cast_for_web_unplugged\u003dtrue\u0026enable_cast_on_music_web\u003dtrue\u0026enable_centered_caption_for_tvfilm_video\u003dtrue\u0026enable_cipher_for_manifest_urls\u003dtrue\u0026enable_cleanup_masthead_autoplay_hack_fix\u003dtrue\u0026enable_client_page_id_header_for_first_party_pings\u003dtrue\u0026enable_client_sli_logging\u003dtrue\u0026enable_client_ve_spec\u003dtrue\u0026enable_cta_banner_on_unplugged_lr\u003dtrue\u0026enable_custom_playhead_parsing\u003dtrue\u0026enable_dai_sdf_h5_preroll\u003dtrue\u0026enable_datasync_id_header_in_web_vss_pings\u003dtrue\u0026enable_default_mono_cta_migration_web_client\u003dtrue\u0026enable_dsa_ad_badge_for_action_endcap_on_android\u003dtrue\u0026enable_dsa_ad_badge_for_action_endcap_on_ios\u003dtrue\u0026enable_entity_store_from_dependency_injection\u003dtrue\u0026enable_error_corrections_infocard\u003dtrue\u0026enable_error_corrections_infocard_web_client\u003dtrue\u0026enable_error_corrections_infocard_web_client_check\u003dtrue\u0026enable_error_corrections_infocards_icon_web\u003dtrue\u0026enable_gel_log_commands\u003dtrue\u0026enable_get_reminder_button_on_web\u003dtrue\u0026enable_handles_account_menu_switcher\u003dtrue\u0026enable_inline_muted_playback_on_web_search\u003dtrue\u0026enable_inline_muted_playback_on_web_search_for_vdc\u003dtrue\u0026enable_inline_muted_playback_on_web_search_for_vdcb\u003dtrue\u0026enable_kabuki_comments_on_shorts\u003ddisabled\u0026enable_key_press_seek_logging\u003dtrue\u0026enable_ltc_param_fetch_from_innertube\u003dtrue\u0026enable_mixed_direction_formatted_strings\u003dtrue\u0026enable_modern_skip_button_on_web\u003dtrue\u0026enable_mweb_keyboard_shortcuts\u003dtrue\u0026enable_new_paid_product_placement\u003dtrue\u0026enable_open_in_new_tab_icon_for_short_dr_for_desktop_search\u003dtrue\u0026enable_out_of_stock_text_all_surfaces\u003dtrue\u0026enable_paid_content_overlay_bugfix\u003dtrue\u0026enable_pause_ads_on_ytv_html5\u003dtrue\u0026enable_po_decoration_of_forced_tracks\u003dtrue\u0026enable_policy_based_hqa_filter_in_watch_server\u003dtrue\u0026enable_progres_commands_lr_feeds\u003dtrue\u0026enable_progress_commands_el_dai\u003dtrue\u0026enable_progress_commands_lr_shorts\u003dtrue\u0026enable_publishing_region_param_in_sus\u003dtrue\u0026enable_pv_screen_modern_text\u003dtrue\u0026enable_redirect_linking_for_desktop_web_client\u003dtrue\u0026enable_rpr_token_on_ltl_lookup\u003dtrue\u0026enable_sabr_snackbar_message\u003dtrue\u0026enable_screen_manager_layer_separation\u003dtrue\u0026enable_sdf_companion_h5\u003dtrue\u0026enable_sdf_dai_h5_midroll\u003dtrue\u0026enable_sdf_h5_endemic_mid_post_roll\u003dtrue\u0026enable_sdf_on_h5_unplugged_vod_midroll\u003dtrue\u0026enable_sdf_shorts_player_bytes_h5\u003dtrue\u0026enable_server_driven_abr\u003dtrue\u0026enable_server_driven_abr_for_backgroundable\u003dtrue\u0026enable_server_driven_abr_url_generation\u003dtrue\u0026enable_server_driven_readahead\u003dtrue\u0026enable_server_stitched_dai\u003dtrue\u0026enable_shorts_player\u003dtrue\u0026enable_skip_ad_guidance_prompt\u003dtrue\u0026enable_skip_to_next_messaging\u003dtrue\u0026enable_skippable_ads_for_unplugged_ad_pod\u003dtrue\u0026enable_smart_skip_player_controls_shown_on_web\u003dtrue\u0026enable_smart_skip_player_controls_shown_on_web_increased_triggering_sensitivity\u003dtrue\u0026enable_smart_skip_speedmaster_on_web\u003dtrue\u0026enable_smearing_expansion_dai\u003dtrue\u0026enable_split_screen_ad_baseline_experience_endemic_live_h5\u003dtrue\u0026enable_split_screen_ad_on_endemic_live_h5\u003dtrue\u0026enable_tectonic_ad_ux_for_halftime\u003dtrue\u0026enable_to_call_playready_backend_directly\u003dtrue\u0026enable_topsoil_wta_for_halftime_live_infra\u003dtrue\u0026enable_unified_action_endcap_on_web\u003dtrue\u0026enable_video_display_compact_button_group_for_desktop_search\u003dtrue\u0026enable_voice_boost_feature\u003dtrue\u0026enable_vp9_appletv5_on_server\u003dtrue\u0026enable_watch_server_rejected_formats_logging\u003dtrue\u0026enable_web_delhi_icons\u003dtrue\u0026enable_web_home_top_landscape_image_layout_level_click\u003dtrue\u0026enable_web_media_session_metadata_fix\u003dtrue\u0026enable_web_premium_varispeed\u003dtrue\u0026enable_web_premium_varispeed_upsell\u003dtrue\u0026enable_web_shorts_audio_track\u003dtrue\u0026enable_web_tiered_gel\u003dtrue\u0026enable_wiz_queue_effect_and_on_init_initial_runs\u003dtrue\u0026enable_wn_infocards\u003dtrue\u0026enable_yt_ata_iframe_authuser\u003dtrue\u0026enable_ytv_csdai_vp9\u003dtrue\u0026expand_mediatek_denylist_to_all_live_vp9_in_backend_experiment\u003d[]\u0026export_networkless_options\u003dtrue\u0026export_player_version_to_ytconfig\u003dtrue\u0026fetch_att_independently\u003dtrue\u0026fill_live_request_config_in_ustreamer_config\u003dtrue\u0026fill_single_video_with_notify_to_lasr\u003dtrue\u0026filter_vb_without_non_vb_equivalents\u003dtrue\u0026fix_ad_miniplayer_controls_rendering\u003dtrue\u0026fix_ads_tracking_for_swf_config_deprecation_mweb\u003dtrue\u0026fix_h5_toggle_button_a11y\u003dtrue\u0026fix_survey_color_contrast_on_destop\u003dtrue\u0026fresca_polling_delay_override\u003d0\u0026gab_return_sabr_ssdai_config\u003dtrue\u0026gel_min_batch_size\u003d3\u0026gel_queue_timeout_max_ms\u003d300000\u0026gvi_channel_client_screen\u003dtrue\u0026h5_companion_enable_adcpn_macro_substitution_for_click_pings\u003dtrue\u0026h5_enable_ad_mbs\u003dtrue\u0026h5_inplayer_enable_adcpn_macro_substitution_for_click_pings\u003dtrue\u0026h5_reset_cache_and_filter_before_update_masthead\u003dtrue\u0026hfr_dropped_framerate_fallback_threshold\u003d0\u0026high_ccv_client_side_caching_h5\u003dtrue\u0026hls_use_new_codecs_string_api\u003dtrue\u0026html5_account_for_underrun_advance_in_sabr\u003dtrue\u0026html5_ad_timeout_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_adaptation_step_count\u003d0\u0026html5_ads_preroll_lock_timeout_delay_ms\u003d15000\u0026html5_allow_multiview_tile_preload\u003dtrue\u0026html5_allow_preloading_with_idle_only_network_for_sabr\u003dtrue\u0026html5_allow_video_keyframe_without_audio\u003dtrue\u0026html5_apply_constraints_in_client_for_sabr\u003dtrue\u0026html5_apply_min_failures\u003dtrue\u0026html5_apply_start_time_within_ads_for_ssdai_transitions\u003dtrue\u0026html5_atr_disable_force_fallback\u003dtrue\u0026html5_att_playback_timeout_ms\u003d30000\u0026html5_attach_num_random_bytes_to_bandaid\u003d0\u0026html5_attach_po_token_to_bandaid\u003dtrue\u0026html5_autonav_cap_idle_secs\u003d0\u0026html5_autonav_quality_cap\u003d720\u0026html5_autoplay_default_quality_cap\u003d0\u0026html5_auxiliary_estimate_weight\u003d0.0\u0026html5_av1_ordinal_cap\u003d0\u0026html5_bandaid_attach_content_po_token\u003dtrue\u0026html5_block_pip_safari_delay\u003d0\u0026html5_bypass_contention_secs\u003d0.0\u0026html5_byterate_soft_cap\u003d0\u0026html5_check_for_idle_network_interval_ms\u003d1000\u0026html5_chipset_soft_cap\u003d8192\u0026html5_consume_all_buffered_bytes_one_poll\u003dtrue\u0026html5_continuous_goodput_probe_interval_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_cuepoint_list_clear_on_seek\u003dtrue\u0026html5_d6de4_cloud_project_number\u003d868618676952\u0026html5_d6de4_defer_timeout_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_debug_data_log_probability\u003d0.0\u0026html5_decode_to_texture_cap\u003dtrue\u0026html5_default_ad_gain\u003d0.5\u0026html5_default_av1_threshold\u003d0\u0026html5_default_quality_cap\u003d0\u0026html5_defer_fetch_att_ms\u003d1000\u0026html5_delayed_retry_count\u003d1\u0026html5_delayed_retry_delay_ms\u003d5000\u0026html5_deprecate_adservice\u003dtrue\u0026html5_deprecate_manifestful_fallback\u003dtrue\u0026html5_deprecate_video_tag_pool\u003dtrue\u0026html5_desktop_vr180_allow_panning\u003dtrue\u0026html5_df_downgrade_thresh\u003d0.6\u0026html5_disable_bandwidth_cofactors_for_sabr_live\u003dtrue\u0026html5_disable_client_autonav_cap_for_onesie\u003dtrue\u0026html5_disable_loop_range_for_shorts_ads\u003dtrue\u0026html5_disable_move_pssh_to_moov\u003dtrue\u0026html5_disable_non_contiguous\u003dtrue\u0026html5_disable_peak_shave_for_onesie\u003dtrue\u0026html5_disable_ustreamer_constraint_for_sabr\u003dtrue\u0026html5_disable_web_safari_dai\u003dtrue\u0026html5_dispatch_tracklist_loaded_event\u003dtrue\u0026html5_displayed_frame_rate_downgrade_threshold\u003d45\u0026html5_drm_byterate_soft_cap\u003d0\u0026html5_drm_check_all_key_error_states\u003dtrue\u0026html5_drm_cpi_license_key\u003dtrue\u0026html5_drm_live_byterate_soft_cap\u003d0\u0026html5_early_media_for_sharper_shorts\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_ac3\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_audio_track_stickiness\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_audio_track_stickiness_phase_two\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_bandaid_error_screen\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_caption_changes_for_mosaic\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_composite_embargo\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_d6de4\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_d6de4_cold_start_and_error\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_d6de4_idle_priority_job\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_drc\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_drc_toggle_api\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_eac3\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_embedded_player_visibility_signals\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_encrypted_av1\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_media_serving_enforcement\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_media_serving_enforcement_when_has_preroll_ad\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_oduc\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_po_token_live_caption\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_progress_bar_slide_seek_logging\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_sabr_context_from_ump\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_sabr_drm_vod_streaming_xhr\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_sabr_format_selection\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_sabr_from_watch_server\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_sabr_host_fallback\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_sabr_ssdai_streaming_xhr\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_sabr_vod_streaming_xhr\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_server_driven_request_cancellation\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_sps_rebuffer_logs\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_sps_retry_backoff_metadata_requests\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_ssdai_transition_with_only_enter_cuerange\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_triggering_cuepoint_for_slot\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_tvos_dash\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_tvos_encrypted_vp9\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_voice_boost\u003dtrue\u0026html5_encourage_array_coalescing\u003dtrue\u0026html5_export_sodar_snapshot\u003dtrue\u0026html5_fill_default_mosaic_audio_track_id\u003dtrue\u0026html5_fix_drm_license_constraint_for_tv_and_onesie\u003dtrue\u0026html5_fix_multi_audio_offline_playback\u003dtrue\u0026html5_fixed_media_duration_for_request\u003d0\u0026html5_flush_index_on_updated_timestamp_offset\u003dtrue\u0026html5_force_sabr_from_watch_server_for_dfss\u003dtrue\u0026html5_forward_click_tracking_params_on_reload\u003dtrue\u0026html5_gapless_ad_autoplay_on_video_to_ad_only\u003dtrue\u0026html5_gapless_ended_transition_buffer_ms\u003d200\u0026html5_gapless_handoff_close_end_long_rebuffer_cfl\u003dtrue\u0026html5_gapless_handoff_close_end_long_rebuffer_delay_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_gapless_loop_seek_offset_in_milli\u003d0\u0026html5_gapless_slow_seek_cfl\u003dtrue\u0026html5_gapless_slow_seek_delay_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_gapless_slow_start_delay_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_generate_content_po_token\u003dtrue\u0026html5_generate_session_po_token\u003dtrue\u0026html5_gl_fps_threshold\u003d0\u0026html5_hard_cap_max_vertical_resolution_for_shorts\u003d0\u0026html5_hdcp_probing_stream_url\u003d\u0026html5_head_miss_secs\u003d0.0\u0026html5_hfr_quality_cap\u003d0\u0026html5_high_res_logging_percent\u003d0.01\u0026html5_high_res_seek_logging\u003dtrue\u0026html5_honor_caption_availabilities_in_audio_track\u003dtrue\u0026html5_hopeless_secs\u003d0\u0026html5_huli_ssdai_use_playback_state\u003dtrue\u0026html5_idle_rate_limit_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_ignore_partial_segment_from_live_readahead\u003dtrue\u0026html5_ignore_sabrseek_during_adskip\u003dtrue\u0026html5_innertube_heartbeats_for_fairplay\u003dtrue\u0026html5_innertube_heartbeats_for_playready\u003dtrue\u0026html5_innertube_heartbeats_for_widevine\u003dtrue\u0026html5_jumbo_mobile_subsegment_readahead_target\u003d3.0\u0026html5_jumbo_ull_nonstreaming_mffa_ms\u003d4000\u0026html5_jumbo_ull_subsegment_readahead_target\u003d1.3\u0026html5_kabuki_drm_live_51_default_off\u003dtrue\u0026html5_license_constraint_delay\u003d5000\u0026html5_live_abr_head_miss_fraction\u003d0.0\u0026html5_live_abr_repredict_fraction\u003d0.0\u0026html5_live_chunk_readahead_proxima_override\u003d0\u0026html5_live_head_playable\u003dtrue\u0026html5_live_low_latency_bandwidth_window\u003d0.0\u0026html5_live_normal_latency_bandwidth_window\u003d0.0\u0026html5_live_quality_cap\u003d0\u0026html5_live_ultra_low_latency_bandwidth_window\u003d0.0\u0026html5_liveness_drift_chunk_override\u003d0\u0026html5_liveness_drift_proxima_override\u003d0\u0026html5_log_audio_abr\u003dtrue\u0026html5_log_experiment_id_from_player_response_to_ctmp\u003d\u0026html5_log_first_ssdai_requests_killswitch\u003dtrue\u0026html5_log_rebuffer_events\u003d5\u0026html5_log_trigger_events_with_debug_data\u003dtrue\u0026html5_log_vss_extra_lr_cparams_freq\u003d\u0026html5_long_rebuffer_jiggle_cmt_delay_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_long_rebuffer_threshold_ms\u003d30000\u0026html5_manifestless_unplugged\u003dtrue\u0026html5_manifestless_vp9_otf\u003dtrue\u0026html5_max_buffer_health_for_downgrade_prop\u003d0.0\u0026html5_max_buffer_health_for_downgrade_secs\u003d0.0\u0026html5_max_byterate\u003d0\u0026html5_max_discontinuity_rewrite_count\u003d0\u0026html5_max_drift_per_track_secs\u003d0.0\u0026html5_max_headm_for_streaming_xhr\u003d0\u0026html5_max_live_dvr_window_plus_margin_secs\u003d46800.0\u0026html5_max_quality_sel_upgrade\u003d0\u0026html5_max_redirect_response_length\u003d8192\u0026html5_max_selectable_quality_ordinal\u003d0\u0026html5_max_vertical_resolution\u003d0\u0026html5_maximum_readahead_seconds\u003d0.0\u0026html5_media_fullscreen\u003dtrue\u0026html5_media_time_weight\u003dtrue\u0026html5_media_time_weight_prop\u003d0.0\u0026html5_min_failures_to_delay_retry\u003d3\u0026html5_min_media_duration_for_append_prop\u003d0.0\u0026html5_min_media_duration_for_cabr_slice\u003d0.01\u0026html5_min_playback_advance_for_steady_state_secs\u003d0\u0026html5_min_quality_ordinal\u003d0\u0026html5_min_readbehind_cap_secs\u003d60\u0026html5_min_readbehind_secs\u003d0\u0026html5_min_seconds_between_format_selections\u003d0.0\u0026html5_min_selectable_quality_ordinal\u003d0\u0026html5_min_startup_buffered_media_duration_for_live_secs\u003d0.0\u0026html5_min_startup_buffered_media_duration_secs\u003d1.2\u0026html5_min_startup_duration_live_secs\u003d0.25\u0026html5_min_underrun_buffered_pre_steady_state_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_min_upgrade_health_secs\u003d0.0\u0026html5_minimum_readahead_seconds\u003d0.0\u0026html5_mock_content_binding_for_session_token\u003d\u0026html5_move_disable_airplay\u003dtrue\u0026html5_no_placeholder_rollbacks\u003dtrue\u0026html5_non_onesie_attach_po_token\u003dtrue\u0026html5_offline_download_timeout_retry_limit\u003d4\u0026html5_offline_failure_retry_limit\u003d2\u0026html5_offline_playback_position_sync\u003dtrue\u0026html5_offline_prevent_redownload_downloaded_video\u003dtrue\u0026html5_onesie_audio_only_playback\u003dtrue\u0026html5_onesie_check_timeout\u003dtrue\u0026html5_onesie_defer_content_loader_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_onesie_live_ttl_secs\u003d8\u0026html5_onesie_prewarm_interval_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_onesie_prewarm_max_lact_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_onesie_redirector_timeout_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_onesie_send_streamer_context\u003dtrue\u0026html5_onesie_use_signed_onesie_ustreamer_config\u003dtrue\u0026html5_override_micro_discontinuities_threshold_ms\u003d-1\u0026html5_paced_poll_min_health_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_paced_poll_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_pause_on_nonforeground_platform_errors\u003dtrue\u0026html5_peak_shave\u003dtrue\u0026html5_perf_cap_override_sticky\u003dtrue\u0026html5_performance_cap_floor\u003d360\u0026html5_perserve_av1_perf_cap\u003dtrue\u0026html5_picture_in_picture_logging_onresize_ratio\u003d0.0\u0026html5_platform_max_buffer_health_oversend_duration_secs\u003d0.0\u0026html5_platform_minimum_readahead_seconds\u003d0.0\u0026html5_platform_whitelisted_for_frame_accurate_seeks\u003dtrue\u0026html5_player_att_initial_delay_ms\u003d1000\u0026html5_player_att_retry_delay_ms\u003d1500\u0026html5_player_autonav_logging\u003dtrue\u0026html5_player_dynamic_bottom_gradient\u003dtrue\u0026html5_player_es6\u003dtrue\u0026html5_player_min_build_cl\u003d-1\u0026html5_player_preload_ad_fix\u003dtrue\u0026html5_post_interrupt_readahead\u003d20\u0026html5_prefer_language_over_codec\u003dtrue\u0026html5_prefer_server_bwe3\u003dtrue\u0026html5_preload_before_initial_seek_with_sabr\u003dtrue\u0026html5_preload_wait_time_secs\u003d0.0\u0026html5_prevent_mobile_background_play_on_event_shared\u003dtrue\u0026html5_probe_primary_delay_base_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_process_all_encrypted_events\u003dtrue\u0026html5_qoe_proto_mock_length\u003d0\u0026html5_query_sw_secure_crypto_for_android\u003dtrue\u0026html5_random_playback_cap\u003d0\u0026html5_recognize_predict_start_cue_point\u003dtrue\u0026html5_record_is_offline_on_playback_attempt_start\u003dtrue\u0026html5_record_ump_timing\u003dtrue\u0026html5_reload_by_kabuki_app\u003dtrue\u0026html5_remove_command_triggered_companions\u003dtrue\u0026html5_remove_not_servable_check_killswitch\u003dtrue\u0026html5_remove_ssdai_append_pause\u003dtrue\u0026html5_report_fatal_drm_restricted_error_killswitch\u003dtrue\u0026html5_report_slow_ads_as_error\u003dtrue\u0026html5_repredict_interval_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_request_only_hdr_or_sdr_keys\u003dtrue\u0026html5_request_size_max_kb\u003d0\u0026html5_request_size_min_kb\u003d0\u0026html5_reseek_after_time_jump_cfl\u003dtrue\u0026html5_reseek_after_time_jump_delay_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_resource_bad_status_delay_scaling\u003d1.5\u0026html5_restrict_streaming_xhr_on_sqless_requests\u003dtrue\u0026html5_retry_downloads_for_expiration\u003dtrue\u0026html5_retry_on_drm_key_error\u003dtrue\u0026html5_retry_on_drm_unavailable\u003dtrue\u0026html5_retry_quota_exceeded_via_seek\u003dtrue\u0026html5_return_playback_if_already_preloaded\u003dtrue\u0026html5_sabr_enable_server_xtag_selection\u003dtrue\u0026html5_sabr_fetch_on_idle_network_preloaded_players\u003dtrue\u0026html5_sabr_force_max_network_interruption_duration_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_sabr_ignore_skipad_before_completion\u003dtrue\u0026html5_sabr_live_drm_streaming_xhr\u003dtrue\u0026html5_sabr_live_low_latency_streaming_xhr\u003dtrue\u0026html5_sabr_live_normal_latency_streaming_xhr\u003dtrue\u0026html5_sabr_live_timing\u003dtrue\u0026html5_sabr_live_ultra_low_latency_streaming_xhr\u003dtrue\u0026html5_sabr_log_server_xtag_selection_onesie_mismatch\u003dtrue\u0026html5_sabr_min_media_bytes_factor_to_append_for_stream\u003d0.0\u0026html5_sabr_non_streaming_xhr_soft_cap\u003d0\u0026html5_sabr_non_streaming_xhr_vod_request_cancellation_timeout_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_sabr_remove_all_quality_constraints_for_drm_traffic\u003dtrue\u0026html5_sabr_report_partial_segment_estimated_duration\u003dtrue\u0026html5_sabr_report_request_cancellation_info\u003dtrue\u0026html5_sabr_request_limit_per_period\u003d20\u0026html5_sabr_seek_no_shift_tolerance\u003dtrue\u0026html5_sabr_skip_client_audio_init_selection\u003dtrue\u0026html5_sabr_unused_bloat_size_bytes\u003d0\u0026html5_samsung_kant_limit_max_bitrate\u003d0\u0026html5_seek_jiggle_cmt_delay_ms\u003d8000\u0026html5_seek_new_elem_delay_ms\u003d12000\u0026html5_seek_new_elem_shorts_delay_ms\u003d2000\u0026html5_seek_new_media_element_shorts_reuse_cfl\u003dtrue\u0026html5_seek_new_media_element_shorts_reuse_delay_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_seek_new_media_source_shorts_reuse_cfl\u003dtrue\u0026html5_seek_new_media_source_shorts_reuse_delay_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_seek_set_cmt_delay_ms\u003d2000\u0026html5_seek_timeout_delay_ms\u003d20000\u0026html5_send_cuepoint_id_in_ad_break_request\u003dtrue\u0026html5_send_serialized_one_time_qoe_context_data\u003dtrue\u0026html5_serve_start_seconds_seek_for_post_live_sabr\u003dtrue\u0026html5_server_stitched_dai_decorated_url_retry_limit\u003d5\u0026html5_server_stitched_dai_group\u003dtrue\u0026html5_session_po_token_interval_time_ms\u003d900000\u0026html5_set_video_id_as_expected_content_binding\u003dtrue\u0026html5_shorts_gapless_ad_slow_start_cfl\u003dtrue\u0026html5_shorts_gapless_ad_slow_start_delay_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_shorts_gapless_next_buffer_in_seconds\u003d0\u0026html5_shorts_gapless_no_gllat\u003dtrue\u0026html5_shorts_gapless_slow_start_delay_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_show_drc_toggle\u003dtrue\u0026html5_simplified_backup_timeout_sabr_live\u003dtrue\u0026html5_skip_empty_po_token\u003dtrue\u0026html5_skip_slow_ad_delay_ms\u003d15000\u0026html5_slow_start_no_media_source_delay_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_slow_start_timeout_delay_ms\u003d20000\u0026html5_ssdai_clear_backoff_on_cuepoint_list_resolved\u003dtrue\u0026html5_ssdai_enable_media_end_cue_range\u003dtrue\u0026html5_ssdai_enable_new_seek_logic\u003dtrue\u0026html5_ssdai_failure_retry_limit\u003d0\u0026html5_ssdai_log_missing_ad_config_reason\u003dtrue\u0026html5_stall_factor\u003d0.0\u0026html5_sticky_duration_mos\u003d0\u0026html5_store_xhr_headers_readable\u003dtrue\u0026html5_streaming_resilience\u003dtrue\u0026html5_streaming_xhr_time_based_consolidation_ms\u003d-1\u0026html5_subsegment_readahead_load_speed_check_interval\u003d0.5\u0026html5_subsegment_readahead_min_buffer_health_secs\u003d0.25\u0026html5_subsegment_readahead_min_buffer_health_secs_on_timeout\u003d0.1\u0026html5_subsegment_readahead_min_load_speed\u003d1.5\u0026html5_subsegment_readahead_seek_latency_fudge\u003d0.5\u0026html5_subsegment_readahead_target_buffer_health_secs\u003d0.5\u0026html5_subsegment_readahead_timeout_secs\u003d2.0\u0026html5_track_overshoot\u003dtrue\u0026html5_transfer_processing_logs_interval\u003d1000\u0026html5_trigger_loader_when_idle_network\u003dtrue\u0026html5_ugc_live_audio_51\u003dtrue\u0026html5_ugc_vod_audio_51\u003dtrue\u0026html5_unreported_seek_reseek_delay_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_update_time_on_seeked\u003dtrue\u0026html5_use_date_now_for_local_storage\u003dtrue\u0026html5_use_init_selected_audio\u003dtrue\u0026html5_use_jsonformatter_to_parse_player_response\u003dtrue\u0026html5_use_non_active_broadcast_for_post_live\u003dtrue\u0026html5_use_post_for_media\u003dtrue\u0026html5_use_shared_owl_instance\u003dtrue\u0026html5_use_ump\u003dtrue\u0026html5_use_ump_request_slicer\u003dtrue\u0026html5_use_ump_timing\u003dtrue\u0026html5_use_video_quality_cap_for_ustreamer_constraint\u003dtrue\u0026html5_use_video_transition_endpoint_heartbeat\u003dtrue\u0026html5_video_tbd_min_kb\u003d0\u0026html5_viewport_undersend_maximum\u003d0.0\u0026html5_volume_slider_tooltip\u003dtrue\u0026html5_web_po_experiment_ids\u003d[]\u0026html5_web_po_request_key\u003d\u0026html5_web_po_token_disable_caching\u003dtrue\u0026html5_webpo_idle_priority_job\u003dtrue\u0026html5_webpo_kaios_defer_timeout_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_woffle_resume\u003dtrue\u0026html5_workaround_delay_trigger\u003dtrue\u0026idb_immediate_commit\u003dtrue\u0026ignore_overlapping_cue_points_on_endemic_live_html5\u003dtrue\u0026il_attach_cache_limit\u003dtrue\u0026il_payload_scraping\u003d\u0026il_use_view_model_logging_context\u003dtrue\u0026initial_gel_batch_timeout\u003d2000\u0026injected_license_handler_error_code\u003d0\u0026injected_license_handler_license_status\u003d0\u0026ios_and_android_fresca_polling_delay_override\u003d0\u0026itdrm_always_generate_media_keys\u003dtrue\u0026itdrm_always_use_widevine_sdk\u003dtrue\u0026itdrm_disable_external_key_rotation_system_ids\u003d[]\u0026itdrm_enable_revocation_reporting\u003dtrue\u0026itdrm_injected_license_service_error_code\u003d0\u0026itdrm_set_sabr_license_constraint\u003dtrue\u0026itdrm_use_fairplay_sdk\u003dtrue\u0026itdrm_use_widevine_sdk_for_premium_content\u003dtrue\u0026itdrm_use_widevine_sdk_only_for_sampled_dod\u003dtrue\u0026itdrm_widevine_hardened_vmp_mode\u003dlog\u0026json_condensed_response\u003dtrue\u0026kevlar_command_handler_command_banlist\u003d[]\u0026kevlar_delhi_modern_web_endscreen_ideal_tile_width_percentage\u003d0.27\u0026kevlar_delhi_modern_web_endscreen_max_rows\u003d2\u0026kevlar_delhi_modern_web_endscreen_max_width\u003d500\u0026kevlar_delhi_modern_web_endscreen_min_width\u003d200\u0026kevlar_gel_error_routing\u003dtrue\u0026kevlar_miniplayer_expand_top\u003dtrue\u0026kevlar_miniplayer_play_pause_on_scrim\u003dtrue\u0026kevlar_playback_associated_queue\u003dtrue\u0026kevlar_use_wil_icons\u003dtrue\u0026kevlar_vimio_use_shared_monitor\u003dtrue\u0026kevlar_woffle\u003dtrue\u0026launch_license_service_all_ott_videos_automatic_fail_open\u003dtrue\u0026limit_ytcsi_debug_array_size\u003dtrue\u0026live_chat_enable_rta_manager\u003dtrue\u0026live_chunk_readahead\u003d3\u0026log_click_with_layer_from_element_in_command_handler\u003dtrue\u0026log_gel_compression_latency\u003dtrue\u0026log_heartbeat_with_lifecycles\u003dtrue\u0026log_ssdai_decoration_failure_if_missing_ad_break_status\u003dtrue\u0026log_window_onerror_fraction\u003d0.1\u0026manifestless_post_live\u003dtrue\u0026manifestless_post_live_ufph\u003dtrue\u0026max_body_size_to_compress\u003d500000\u0026max_cdfe_quality_ordinal\u003d0\u0026max_prefetch_window_sec_for_livestream_optimization\u003d10\u0026max_resolution_for_white_noise\u003d360\u0026mdx_enable_privacy_disclosure_ui\u003dtrue\u0026mdx_load_cast_api_bootstrap_script\u003dtrue\u0026migrate_remaining_web_ad_badges_to_innertube\u003dtrue\u0026min_prefetch_offset_sec_for_livestream_optimization\u003d20\u0026mta_drc_mutual_exclusion_removal\u003dtrue\u0026music_enable_shared_audio_tier_logic\u003dtrue\u0026mweb_account_linking_noapp\u003dtrue\u0026mweb_enable_click_to_play_pause\u003dtrue\u0026mweb_enable_fine_scrubbing_for_recs\u003dtrue\u0026mweb_enable_more_chunks\u003dtrue\u0026mweb_native_control_in_faux_fullscreen_shared\u003dtrue\u0026mweb_player_control_on_hover\u003dtrue\u0026mweb_progress_bar_seek_on_mouse_click\u003dtrue\u0026mweb_shorts_comments_panel_id_change\u003dtrue\u0026network_polling_interval\u003d30000\u0026networkless_logging\u003dtrue\u0026new_codecs_string_api_uses_legacy_style\u003dtrue\u0026no_drm_on_demand_with_cc_license\u003dtrue\u0026no_filler_video_for_ssa_playbacks\u003dtrue\u0026offline_error_handling\u003dtrue\u0026onesie_add_gfe_frontline_to_player_request\u003dtrue\u0026onesie_enable_override_headm\u003dtrue\u0026override_drm_required_playback_policy_channels\u003d[]\u0026pageid_as_header_web\u003dtrue\u0026par_at_ep\u003dtrue\u0026pdg_enable_creator_goals_animations\u003dtrue\u0026player_ads_set_adformat_on_client\u003dtrue\u0026player_bootstrap_method\u003dtrue\u0026player_controls_volume_controls_use_player_props\u003dtrue\u0026player_destroy_old_version\u003dtrue\u0026player_doubletap_to_seek\u003dtrue\u0026player_enable_playback_playlist_change\u003dtrue\u0026player_new_info_card_format\u003dtrue\u0026player_underlay_min_player_width\u003d768.0\u0026player_underlay_video_width_fraction\u003d0.6\u0026player_web_canary\u003dtrue\u0026player_web_canary_stage\u003d3\u0026player_web_is_canary\u003dtrue\u0026playready_first_play_expiration\u003d-1\u0026podcasts_videostats_default_flush_interval_seconds\u003d0\u0026polymer_bad_build_labels\u003dtrue\u0026polymer_verifiy_app_state\u003dtrue\u0026populate_format_set_info_in_cdfe_formats\u003dtrue\u0026populate_head_minus_in_watch_server\u003dtrue\u0026preskip_button_style_ads_backend\u003dcountdown_next_to_thumbnail\u0026proxima_auto_threshold_max_network_interruption_duration_ms\u003d0\u0026proxima_auto_threshold_min_bandwidth_estimate_bytes_per_sec\u003d0\u0026qoe_nwl_downloads\u003dtrue\u0026qoe_send_and_write\u003dtrue\u0026quality_cap_for_inline_non_app_ads\u003d0\u0026quality_cap_for_inline_playback\u003d0\u0026quality_cap_for_inline_playback_ads\u003d0\u0026read_ahead_model_name\u003d\u0026record_app_crashed_web\u003dtrue\u0026refactor_mta_default_track_selection\u003dtrue\u0026reject_hidden_live_formats\u003dtrue\u0026reject_live_vp9_mq_clear_with_no_abr_ladder\u003dtrue\u0026remove_chevron_from_ad_disclosure_banner_h5\u003dtrue\u0026remove_masthead_channel_banner_on_refresh\u003dtrue\u0026remove_slot_id_exited_trigger_for_dai_in_player_slot_expire\u003dtrue\u0026replace_playability_retriever_in_watch\u003dtrue\u0026return_drm_product_unknown_for_clear_playbacks\u003dtrue\u0026sabr_enable_host_fallback\u003dtrue\u0026self_podding_header_string_template\u003dself_podding_interstitial_message\u0026self_podding_midroll_choice_string_template\u003dself_podding_midroll_choice\u0026send_config_hash_timer\u003d0\u0026serve_adaptive_fmts_for_live_streams\u003dtrue\u0026set_interstitial_advertisers_question_text\u003dtrue\u0026set_mock_id_as_expected_content_binding\u003d\u0026shell_load_gcf\u003dtrue\u0026shorts_mode_to_player_api\u003dtrue\u0026should_attribute_to_watch_with_source\u003d[]\u0026should_clear_video_data_on_player_cued_unstarted\u003dtrue\u0026simply_embedded_enable_botguard\u003dtrue\u0026skip_ls_gel_retry\u003dtrue\u0026slow_compressions_before_abandon_count\u003d4\u0026small_avatars_for_comments\u003dtrue\u0026smart_skip_web_player_bar_min_hover_length_milliseconds\u003d1000\u0026smarter_ve_dedupping\u003dtrue\u0026speedmaster_cancellation_movement_dp\u003d10\u0026speedmaster_playback_rate\u003d2.0\u0026speedmaster_touch_activation_ms\u003d500\u0026sps_enable_antiscraping_rules\u003dtrue\u0026start_async_playability_lazy_dependencies\u003dtrue\u0026start_client_gcf\u003dtrue\u0026stop_handling_click_for_non_rendering_overlay_layout\u003dtrue\u0026streaming_data_emergency_itag_blacklist\u003d[]\u0026substitute_ad_cpn_macro_in_ssdai\u003dtrue\u0026suppress_error_204_logging\u003dtrue\u0026transport_use_scheduler\u003dtrue\u0026trim_adaptive_formats_signature_cipher_for_sabr_content\u003dtrue\u0026trim_adaptive_formats_url_for_media_barrier\u003dtrue\u0026tvhtml5_unplugged_preload_cache_size\u003d5\u0026use_cue_range_marker_position\u003dtrue\u0026use_event_time_ms_header\u003dtrue\u0026use_fifo_for_networkless\u003dtrue\u0026use_generated_media_keys_in_fairplay_requests\u003dtrue\u0026use_inlined_player_rpc\u003dtrue\u0026use_new_codecs_string_api\u003dtrue\u0026use_request_time_ms_header\u003dtrue\u0026use_rta_for_player\u003dtrue\u0026use_rta_for_player_hb\u003dtrue\u0026use_rta_only_for_player\u003dtrue\u0026use_session_based_sampling\u003dtrue\u0026use_simplified_remove_webm_rules\u003dtrue\u0026use_thumbnail_overlay_time_status_renderer_for_live_badge\u003dtrue\u0026use_video_playback_premium_signal\u003dtrue\u0026variable_buffer_timeout_ms\u003d0\u0026vp9_drm_live\u003dtrue\u0026vss_final_ping_send_and_write\u003dtrue\u0026vss_pings_using_networkless\u003dtrue\u0026vss_playback_use_send_and_write\u003dtrue\u0026web_add_footer_template_to_audio_track\u003dtrue\u0026web_api_url\u003dtrue\u0026web_attention_logging_scroll_throttle\u003d500.0\u0026web_big_boards\u003dtrue\u0026web_big_boards_enable_in_inline\u003dtrue\u0026web_big_boards_enable_in_miniplayer\u003dtrue\u0026web_button_view_model_non_nullish_data\u003dtrue\u0026web_button_vm_refactor_disabled\u003dtrue\u0026web_cinematic_watch_settings\u003dtrue\u0026web_client_version_override\u003d\u0026web_collect_offline_state\u003dtrue\u0026web_csi_action_sampling_enabled\u003dtrue\u0026web_csi_debug_sample_enabled\u003dtrue\u0026web_dedupe_ve_grafting\u003dtrue\u0026web_disable_chip_view_model_mutation\u003dtrue\u0026web_enable_ab_rsp_cl\u003dtrue\u0026web_enable_course_icon_update\u003dtrue\u0026web_enable_entity_upsert_on_update\u003dtrue\u0026web_enable_error_204\u003dtrue\u0026web_enable_keyboard_shortcut_for_timely_actions\u003dtrue\u0026web_enable_shopping_timely_shelf_client\u003dtrue\u0026web_enable_speedmaster\u003dtrue\u0026web_enable_timely_actions\u003dtrue\u0026web_enable_varispeed_panel\u003dtrue\u0026web_fix_fine_scrubbing_false_play\u003dtrue\u0026web_foreground_heartbeat_interval_ms\u003d28000\u0026web_forward_command_on_pbj\u003dtrue\u0026web_fullscreen_shorts\u003dtrue\u0026web_gcf_hashes_innertube\u003dtrue\u0026web_gel_debounce_ms\u003d60000\u0026web_gel_timeout_cap\u003dtrue\u0026web_heat_map_v2\u003dtrue\u0026web_hide_next_button\u003dtrue\u0026web_hide_watch_info_empty\u003dtrue\u0026web_hide_your_data_on_automotive\u003dtrue\u0026web_infocards_teaser_show_logging_fix\u003dtrue\u0026web_key_moments_markers\u003dtrue\u0026web_l3_storyboard\u003dtrue\u0026web_load_prediction_threshold\u003d0.3\u0026web_log_memory_total_kbytes\u003dtrue\u0026web_logging_max_batch\u003d150\u0026web_max_tracing_events\u003d50\u0026web_modern_buttons\u003dtrue\u0026web_navigation_prediction_threshold\u003d0.1\u0026web_new_autonav_countdown\u003dtrue\u0026web_op_signal_type_banlist\u003d[]\u0026web_playback_associated_log_ctt\u003dtrue\u0026web_playback_associated_ve\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_api_logging_fraction\u003d0.01\u0026web_player_autonav_use_server_provided_state\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_big_mode_screen_width_cutoff\u003d4001\u0026web_player_default_peeking_px\u003d0\u0026web_player_delhi_dtts\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_enable_featured_product_banner_exclusives_on_desktop\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_enable_featured_product_banner_promotion_text_on_desktop\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_enable_fullscreen_grid_components\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_enable_premium_hbr_in_h5_api\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_enable_premium_hbr_playback_cap\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_frosted_glass_blur_radius\u003d16\u0026web_player_frosted_glass_blur_radius_float\u003d16.0\u0026web_player_grid_natural_scroll\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_innertube_playlist_update\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_invisible_fullscreen_button\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_ipp_canary_type_for_logging\u003dexperiment\u0026web_player_log_click_before_generating_ve_conversion_params\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_miniplayer_in_context_menu\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_mouse_idle_wait_time_ms\u003d3000\u0026web_player_move_autonav_toggle\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_music_visualizer_treatment\u003dfake\u0026web_player_nitrate_promo_tooltip\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_offline_playlist_auto_refresh\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_overlay_positioned_layout\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_pip_logging_fix\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_playable_sequences_refactor\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_pt_tt\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_quick_hide_timeout_ms\u003d250\u0026web_player_rtr_ctrls\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_seek_chapters_by_shortcut\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_seek_overlay_additional_arrow_threshold\u003d200\u0026web_player_seek_overlay_duration_bump_scale\u003d0.9\u0026web_player_seek_overlay_linger_duration\u003d1000\u0026web_player_sentinel_is_uniplayer\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_show_music_in_this_video_graphic\u003dvideo_thumbnail\u0026web_player_spacebar_control_bugfix\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_ss_dai_ad_fetching_timeout_ms\u003d15000\u0026web_player_ss_media_time_offset\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_touch_idle_wait_time_ms\u003d4000\u0026web_player_transfer_timeout_threshold_ms\u003d10800000\u0026web_player_updated_entrypoint\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_use_cinematic_label_2\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_use_new_api_for_quality_pullback\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_use_screen_width_for_big_mode\u003dtrue\u0026web_prefetch_preload_video\u003dtrue\u0026web_progress_bar_draggable\u003dtrue\u0026web_remix_allow_up_to_3x_playback_rate\u003dtrue\u0026web_remove_broken_subscribe_endscreen\u003dtrue\u0026web_reset_lact_on_media_actions\u003dtrue\u0026web_session_replay_send_after_timeout\u003d0\u0026web_settings_menu_icons\u003dtrue\u0026web_settings_menu_surface_custom_playback\u003dtrue\u0026web_settings_use_input_slider\u003dtrue\u0026web_shorts_audio_track_picker\u003dtrue\u0026web_sleep_timer\u003dtrue\u0026web_speedmaster_spacebar_control\u003dtrue\u0026web_tracing_enabled_spans\u003d[event, command]\u0026web_tracing_session_replay\u003d0\u0026web_watch_enable_fs_squeezeback_panels\u003dtrue\u0026webpo_exit_on_net_err\u003dtrue\u0026wil_icon_max_concurrent_fetches\u003d9999\u0026wil_icon_render_when_idle\u003dtrue\u0026wiz_diff_overwritable\u003dtrue\u0026wiz_wrapper_callback_props_fix\u003dtrue\u0026woffle_enable_download_status\u003dtrue\u0026woffle_orchestration\u003dtrue\u0026write_reload_player_response_token_to_ustreamer_config_for_vod\u003dtrue\u0026ws_av1_max_height_floor\u003d0\u0026ws_av1_max_width_floor\u003d0\u0026ws_use_centralized_hqa_filter\u003dtrue\u0026wug_networking_gzip_request\u003dtrue\u0026ytcsi_debug_max_size\u003d100\u0026ytidb_remake_db_retries\u003d3\u0026ytidb_reopen_db_retries\u003d3\u0026ytidb_transaction_ended_event_rate_limit\u003d0.02","cspNonce":"1FEbiaPymPRwluOaunvWMg","canaryState":"canary","enableCsiLogging":true,"deviceIsAudioOnly":true,"datasyncId":"V0afcd696||","canaryStage":"MEDIUM","trustedJsUrl":{"privateDoNotAccessOrElseTrustedResourceUrlWrappedValue":"/s/player/bcd88ad3/player_es6.vflset/en_US/base.js"},"trustedCssUrl":{"privateDoNotAccessOrElseTrustedResourceUrlWrappedValue":"/s/player/bcd88ad3/www-player.css"},"serializedClientExperimentFlags":"45713225\u003d0\u002645718175\u003d0.0\u002645718176\u003d0.0\u002645725538\u003d0.0\u002645725539\u003d0.0\u002645725540\u003d0.0\u002645725541\u003d0.0\u002645725542\u003d0.0\u002645725543\u003d0.0\u002645728334\u003d0.0\u002645728572\u003dtrue\u002645729215\u003dtrue\u002645732704\u003dtrue\u002645732791\u003dtrue\u002645735428\u003d4000.0\u002645737488\u003d0.0\u002645737489\u003d0.0\u002645739023\u003d0.0\u002645741339\u003d0.0\u002645741773\u003d0.0\u002645743228\u003d0.0\u002645746966\u003d0.0\u002645746967\u003d0.0\u002645747053\u003d0.0\u002645750947\u003d10240\u002645756201\u003dtrue\u002645756872\u003d0.0\u002645757426\u003d0.0\u002645757427\u003d0.0\u002645757750\u003d0.0\u002645757957\u003d0.0\u002645758467\u003d0.0\u002645760018\u003dtrue\u002645761760\u003d200\u002645762838\u003d0\u002645764217\u003d0.0\u002645764252\u003d0.0\u002645764523\u003d0.0\u002645764524\u003d0.0\u002645764593\u003d0.0\u002645765077\u003dtrue\u002645765568\u003d0.0\u002645765602\u003d0.0\u002645767763\u003d0.0\u002645767943\u003d0.0\u002645768340\u003d0.0\u002645768430\u003d0.0\u002645769119\u003dtrue\u002645769214\u003d0.0\u002645770001\u003d0.0\u002645770002\u003d0.0\u002645770135\u003dtrue\u002645771890\u003d0.0\u002645773603\u003d0.0\u002645773604\u003d0.0\u002645775791\u003d0.0\u002645775792\u003d0.0\u002645778663\u003d0.0\u002645778671\u003d0.0"},"WEB_PLAYER_CONTEXT_CONFIG_ID_KEVLAR_MASTHEAD_AD":{"rootElementId":"masthead-player","jsUrl":"/s/player/bcd88ad3/player_es6.vflset/en_US/base.js","cssUrl":"/s/player/bcd88ad3/www-player.css","contextId":"WEB_PLAYER_CONTEXT_CONFIG_ID_KEVLAR_MASTHEAD_AD","contentRegion":"NP","hl":"en_US","hostLanguage":"en","playerStyle":"desktop-polymer","innertubeApiKey":"AIzaSyAO_FJ2SlqU8Q4STEHLGCilw_Y9_11qcW8","innertubeApiVersion":"v1","innertubeContextClientVersion":"2.20260424.01.00","controlsType":0,"disableKeyboardControls":true,"disableRelatedVideos":true,"annotationsLoadPolicy":3,"device":{"brand":"apple","model":"","browser":"Chrome","browserVersion":"124.0.0.0","os":"Macintosh","osVersion":"10_15_7","platform":"DESKTOP","interfaceName":"WEB","interfaceVersion":"2.20260424.01.00"},"serializedExperimentIds":"24004644,24499534,39325854,51010235,51063643,51072748,51095478,51098299,51204329,51222973,51300176,51300241,51314158,51340662,51349914,51353393,51366423,51389629,51459470,51467676,51470301,51472205,51490331,51505436,51530495,51534669,51547388,51565116,51578633,51583821,51605258,51609829,51619706,51620867,51622845,51635955,51638932,51646450,51648336,51672162,51681662,51683502,51684560,51698285,51705976,51708061,51713176,51715023,51717747,51719112,51720353,51729218,51740148,51742377,51763897,51774882,51784587,51798928,51801292,51802233,51803128,51803199,51803587,51804539,51807293,51811903,51819635,51820067,51829421,51839674,51839732,51841270,51844842,51847710,51849664,51851862,51855288,51856590,51866874,51866997,51869208,51876388,51881461,51885343,51887880,51889002,51890561,51892086,51893373,51899026,51908397","serializedExperimentFlags":"H5_async_logging_delay_ms\u003d30000.0\u0026a11y_h5_associate_survey_question\u003dtrue\u0026ab_det_apb_b\u003dtrue\u0026ab_det_apm\u003dtrue\u0026ab_det_el_h\u003dtrue\u0026action_companion_center_align_description\u003dtrue\u0026ad_pod_disable_companion_persist_ads_quality\u003dtrue\u0026add_stmp_logs_for_voice_boost\u003dtrue\u0026allow_autohide_on_paused_videos\u003dtrue\u0026allow_drm_override\u003dtrue\u0026allow_live_autoplay\u003dtrue\u0026allow_poltergust_autoplay\u003dtrue\u0026allow_skip_networkless\u003dtrue\u0026allow_vb_audio_formats\u003dtrue\u0026allow_vb_audio_formats_with_mta\u003dtrue\u0026allow_vp9_1080p_mq_enc\u003dtrue\u0026always_cache_redirect_endpoint\u003dtrue\u0026annotation_module_vast_cards_load_logging_fraction\u003d0.0\u0026assign_drm_family_by_format\u003dtrue\u0026att_web_record_metrics\u003dtrue\u0026attach_experiment_propagation_context_to_config\u003dtrue\u0026attention_logging_scroll_throttle\u003d500.0\u0026attmusi\u003dtrue\u0026autoplay_time\u003d8000\u0026autoplay_time_for_fullscreen\u003d3000\u0026autoplay_time_for_music_content\u003d3000\u0026bg_st_hr\u003dtrue\u0026bg_vm_reinit_threshold\u003d7200000\u0026block_tvhtml5_simply_embedded\u003dtrue\u0026blocked_packages_for_sps\u003d[]\u0026botguard_async_snapshot_timeout_ms\u003d3000\u0026captions_url_add_ei\u003dtrue\u0026check_navigator_accuracy_timeout_ms\u003d0\u0026client_respect_autoplay_switch_button_renderer\u003dtrue\u0026client_ui_enable_multi_track_audio_on_web_embedded_player\u003dtrue\u0026compress_gel\u003dtrue\u0026compression_disable_point\u003d10\u0026cow_optimize_idom_compat\u003dtrue\u0026csi_on_gel\u003dtrue\u0026custom_active_view_tos_timeout_ms\u003d3600000\u0026dash_manifest_version\u003d5\u0026debug_bandaid_hostname\u003d\u0026debug_bandaid_port\u003d0\u0026debug_sherlog_username\u003d\u0026delhi_fast_follow_autonav_toggle\u003dtrue\u0026delhi_modern_player_default_thumbnail_percentage\u003d0.0\u0026delhi_modern_player_faster_autohide_delay_ms\u003d2000\u0026delhi_modern_player_pause_thumbnail_percentage\u003d0.6\u0026delhi_modern_web_player\u003dtrue\u0026delhi_modern_web_player_blending_mode\u003d\u0026delhi_modern_web_player_disable_frosted_glass\u003dtrue\u0026delhi_modern_web_player_horizontal_volume_controls\u003dtrue\u0026delhi_modern_web_player_icons\u003dtrue\u0026delhi_modern_web_player_lhs_volume_controls\u003dtrue\u0026delhi_modern_web_player_responsive_compact_controls_threshold\u003d4000\u0026delhi_web_player_use_external_playlist_panel\u003dtrue\u0026deprecate_22\u003dtrue\u0026deprecate_delay_ping\u003dtrue\u0026deprecate_pair_servlet_enabled\u003dtrue\u0026desktop_sparkles_light_cta_button\u003dtrue\u0026disable_av1_setting\u003dtrue\u0026disable_channel_id_check_for_suspended_channels\u003dtrue\u0026disable_child_node_auto_formatted_strings\u003dtrue\u0026disable_features_for_supex\u003dtrue\u0026disable_legacy_desktop_remote_queue\u003dtrue\u0026disable_lifa_for_supex_users\u003dtrue\u0026disable_log_to_visitor_layer\u003dtrue\u0026disable_mdx_connection_in_mdx_module_for_music_web\u003dtrue\u0026disable_pacf_logging_for_memory_limited_tv\u003dtrue\u0026disable_reel_item_watch_format_filtering\u003dtrue\u0026disable_ssdai_on_errors\u003dtrue\u0026disable_threegpp_progressive_formats\u003dtrue\u0026disable_touch_events_on_skip_button\u003dtrue\u0026duration_before_pause_ad_break_ms_for_system_pause\u003d0\u0026edge_encryption_fill_primary_key_version\u003dtrue\u0026embeds_desktoff_enable_ads_top_bar\u003dtrue\u0026embeds_desktop_enable_volume_slider\u003dtrue\u0026embeds_enable_embed_config_for_muted_autoplay\u003dtrue\u0026embeds_enable_innertube_store\u003dtrue\u0026embeds_enable_move_set_center_crop_to_public\u003dtrue\u0026embeds_enable_per_video_embed_config\u003dtrue\u0026embeds_web_lite_mode\u003d1\u0026enable_a11y_focus_fix_for_mac_panel_on_desktop\u003dtrue\u0026enable_access_code_service_rpc\u003dtrue\u0026enable_aci_on_lr_feeds\u003dtrue\u0026enable_active_view_display_ad_renderer_web_home\u003dtrue\u0026enable_active_view_lr_shorts_video\u003dtrue\u0026enable_active_view_web_shorts_video\u003dtrue\u0026enable_ad_cpn_macro_substitution_for_click_pings\u003dtrue\u0026enable_ad_disclosure_banner_a11y_fix\u003dtrue\u0026enable_antiscraping_web_player_expired\u003dtrue\u0026enable_app_promo_endcap_eml_on_tablet\u003dtrue\u0026enable_automotive_form_factor_check\u003dtrue\u0026enable_av1_for_svod\u003dtrue\u0026enable_batched_cross_device_pings_in_gel_fanout\u003dtrue\u0026enable_capability_format_filter_in_watch_server\u003dtrue\u0026enable_cast_for_web_unplugged\u003dtrue\u0026enable_cast_on_music_web\u003dtrue\u0026enable_centered_caption_for_tvfilm_video\u003dtrue\u0026enable_cipher_for_manifest_urls\u003dtrue\u0026enable_cleanup_masthead_autoplay_hack_fix\u003dtrue\u0026enable_client_page_id_header_for_first_party_pings\u003dtrue\u0026enable_client_sli_logging\u003dtrue\u0026enable_client_ve_spec\u003dtrue\u0026enable_cta_banner_on_unplugged_lr\u003dtrue\u0026enable_custom_playhead_parsing\u003dtrue\u0026enable_dai_sdf_h5_preroll\u003dtrue\u0026enable_datasync_id_header_in_web_vss_pings\u003dtrue\u0026enable_default_mono_cta_migration_web_client\u003dtrue\u0026enable_dsa_ad_badge_for_action_endcap_on_android\u003dtrue\u0026enable_dsa_ad_badge_for_action_endcap_on_ios\u003dtrue\u0026enable_entity_store_from_dependency_injection\u003dtrue\u0026enable_error_corrections_infocard\u003dtrue\u0026enable_error_corrections_infocard_web_client\u003dtrue\u0026enable_error_corrections_infocard_web_client_check\u003dtrue\u0026enable_error_corrections_infocards_icon_web\u003dtrue\u0026enable_gel_log_commands\u003dtrue\u0026enable_get_reminder_button_on_web\u003dtrue\u0026enable_handles_account_menu_switcher\u003dtrue\u0026enable_inline_muted_playback_on_web_search\u003dtrue\u0026enable_inline_muted_playback_on_web_search_for_vdc\u003dtrue\u0026enable_inline_muted_playback_on_web_search_for_vdcb\u003dtrue\u0026enable_kabuki_comments_on_shorts\u003ddisabled\u0026enable_key_press_seek_logging\u003dtrue\u0026enable_ltc_param_fetch_from_innertube\u003dtrue\u0026enable_mixed_direction_formatted_strings\u003dtrue\u0026enable_modern_skip_button_on_web\u003dtrue\u0026enable_mweb_keyboard_shortcuts\u003dtrue\u0026enable_new_paid_product_placement\u003dtrue\u0026enable_open_in_new_tab_icon_for_short_dr_for_desktop_search\u003dtrue\u0026enable_out_of_stock_text_all_surfaces\u003dtrue\u0026enable_paid_content_overlay_bugfix\u003dtrue\u0026enable_pause_ads_on_ytv_html5\u003dtrue\u0026enable_po_decoration_of_forced_tracks\u003dtrue\u0026enable_policy_based_hqa_filter_in_watch_server\u003dtrue\u0026enable_progres_commands_lr_feeds\u003dtrue\u0026enable_progress_commands_el_dai\u003dtrue\u0026enable_progress_commands_lr_shorts\u003dtrue\u0026enable_publishing_region_param_in_sus\u003dtrue\u0026enable_pv_screen_modern_text\u003dtrue\u0026enable_redirect_linking_for_desktop_web_client\u003dtrue\u0026enable_rpr_token_on_ltl_lookup\u003dtrue\u0026enable_sabr_snackbar_message\u003dtrue\u0026enable_screen_manager_layer_separation\u003dtrue\u0026enable_sdf_companion_h5\u003dtrue\u0026enable_sdf_dai_h5_midroll\u003dtrue\u0026enable_sdf_h5_endemic_mid_post_roll\u003dtrue\u0026enable_sdf_on_h5_unplugged_vod_midroll\u003dtrue\u0026enable_sdf_shorts_player_bytes_h5\u003dtrue\u0026enable_server_driven_abr\u003dtrue\u0026enable_server_driven_abr_for_backgroundable\u003dtrue\u0026enable_server_driven_abr_url_generation\u003dtrue\u0026enable_server_driven_readahead\u003dtrue\u0026enable_server_stitched_dai\u003dtrue\u0026enable_shorts_player\u003dtrue\u0026enable_skip_ad_guidance_prompt\u003dtrue\u0026enable_skip_to_next_messaging\u003dtrue\u0026enable_skippable_ads_for_unplugged_ad_pod\u003dtrue\u0026enable_smart_skip_player_controls_shown_on_web\u003dtrue\u0026enable_smart_skip_player_controls_shown_on_web_increased_triggering_sensitivity\u003dtrue\u0026enable_smart_skip_speedmaster_on_web\u003dtrue\u0026enable_smearing_expansion_dai\u003dtrue\u0026enable_split_screen_ad_baseline_experience_endemic_live_h5\u003dtrue\u0026enable_split_screen_ad_on_endemic_live_h5\u003dtrue\u0026enable_tectonic_ad_ux_for_halftime\u003dtrue\u0026enable_to_call_playready_backend_directly\u003dtrue\u0026enable_topsoil_wta_for_halftime_live_infra\u003dtrue\u0026enable_unified_action_endcap_on_web\u003dtrue\u0026enable_video_display_compact_button_group_for_desktop_search\u003dtrue\u0026enable_voice_boost_feature\u003dtrue\u0026enable_vp9_appletv5_on_server\u003dtrue\u0026enable_watch_server_rejected_formats_logging\u003dtrue\u0026enable_web_delhi_icons\u003dtrue\u0026enable_web_home_top_landscape_image_layout_level_click\u003dtrue\u0026enable_web_media_session_metadata_fix\u003dtrue\u0026enable_web_premium_varispeed\u003dtrue\u0026enable_web_premium_varispeed_upsell\u003dtrue\u0026enable_web_shorts_audio_track\u003dtrue\u0026enable_web_tiered_gel\u003dtrue\u0026enable_wiz_queue_effect_and_on_init_initial_runs\u003dtrue\u0026enable_wn_infocards\u003dtrue\u0026enable_yt_ata_iframe_authuser\u003dtrue\u0026enable_ytv_csdai_vp9\u003dtrue\u0026expand_mediatek_denylist_to_all_live_vp9_in_backend_experiment\u003d[]\u0026export_networkless_options\u003dtrue\u0026export_player_version_to_ytconfig\u003dtrue\u0026fetch_att_independently\u003dtrue\u0026fill_live_request_config_in_ustreamer_config\u003dtrue\u0026fill_single_video_with_notify_to_lasr\u003dtrue\u0026filter_vb_without_non_vb_equivalents\u003dtrue\u0026fix_ad_miniplayer_controls_rendering\u003dtrue\u0026fix_ads_tracking_for_swf_config_deprecation_mweb\u003dtrue\u0026fix_h5_toggle_button_a11y\u003dtrue\u0026fix_survey_color_contrast_on_destop\u003dtrue\u0026fresca_polling_delay_override\u003d0\u0026gab_return_sabr_ssdai_config\u003dtrue\u0026gel_min_batch_size\u003d3\u0026gel_queue_timeout_max_ms\u003d300000\u0026gvi_channel_client_screen\u003dtrue\u0026h5_companion_enable_adcpn_macro_substitution_for_click_pings\u003dtrue\u0026h5_enable_ad_mbs\u003dtrue\u0026h5_inplayer_enable_adcpn_macro_substitution_for_click_pings\u003dtrue\u0026h5_reset_cache_and_filter_before_update_masthead\u003dtrue\u0026hfr_dropped_framerate_fallback_threshold\u003d0\u0026high_ccv_client_side_caching_h5\u003dtrue\u0026hls_use_new_codecs_string_api\u003dtrue\u0026html5_account_for_underrun_advance_in_sabr\u003dtrue\u0026html5_ad_timeout_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_adaptation_step_count\u003d0\u0026html5_ads_preroll_lock_timeout_delay_ms\u003d15000\u0026html5_allow_multiview_tile_preload\u003dtrue\u0026html5_allow_preloading_with_idle_only_network_for_sabr\u003dtrue\u0026html5_allow_video_keyframe_without_audio\u003dtrue\u0026html5_apply_constraints_in_client_for_sabr\u003dtrue\u0026html5_apply_min_failures\u003dtrue\u0026html5_apply_start_time_within_ads_for_ssdai_transitions\u003dtrue\u0026html5_atr_disable_force_fallback\u003dtrue\u0026html5_att_playback_timeout_ms\u003d30000\u0026html5_attach_num_random_bytes_to_bandaid\u003d0\u0026html5_attach_po_token_to_bandaid\u003dtrue\u0026html5_autonav_cap_idle_secs\u003d0\u0026html5_autonav_quality_cap\u003d720\u0026html5_autoplay_default_quality_cap\u003d0\u0026html5_auxiliary_estimate_weight\u003d0.0\u0026html5_av1_ordinal_cap\u003d0\u0026html5_bandaid_attach_content_po_token\u003dtrue\u0026html5_block_pip_safari_delay\u003d0\u0026html5_bypass_contention_secs\u003d0.0\u0026html5_byterate_soft_cap\u003d0\u0026html5_check_for_idle_network_interval_ms\u003d1000\u0026html5_chipset_soft_cap\u003d8192\u0026html5_consume_all_buffered_bytes_one_poll\u003dtrue\u0026html5_continuous_goodput_probe_interval_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_cuepoint_list_clear_on_seek\u003dtrue\u0026html5_d6de4_cloud_project_number\u003d868618676952\u0026html5_d6de4_defer_timeout_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_debug_data_log_probability\u003d0.0\u0026html5_decode_to_texture_cap\u003dtrue\u0026html5_default_ad_gain\u003d0.5\u0026html5_default_av1_threshold\u003d0\u0026html5_default_quality_cap\u003d0\u0026html5_defer_fetch_att_ms\u003d1000\u0026html5_delayed_retry_count\u003d1\u0026html5_delayed_retry_delay_ms\u003d5000\u0026html5_deprecate_adservice\u003dtrue\u0026html5_deprecate_manifestful_fallback\u003dtrue\u0026html5_deprecate_video_tag_pool\u003dtrue\u0026html5_desktop_vr180_allow_panning\u003dtrue\u0026html5_df_downgrade_thresh\u003d0.6\u0026html5_disable_bandwidth_cofactors_for_sabr_live\u003dtrue\u0026html5_disable_client_autonav_cap_for_onesie\u003dtrue\u0026html5_disable_loop_range_for_shorts_ads\u003dtrue\u0026html5_disable_move_pssh_to_moov\u003dtrue\u0026html5_disable_non_contiguous\u003dtrue\u0026html5_disable_peak_shave_for_onesie\u003dtrue\u0026html5_disable_ustreamer_constraint_for_sabr\u003dtrue\u0026html5_disable_web_safari_dai\u003dtrue\u0026html5_dispatch_tracklist_loaded_event\u003dtrue\u0026html5_displayed_frame_rate_downgrade_threshold\u003d45\u0026html5_drm_byterate_soft_cap\u003d0\u0026html5_drm_check_all_key_error_states\u003dtrue\u0026html5_drm_cpi_license_key\u003dtrue\u0026html5_drm_live_byterate_soft_cap\u003d0\u0026html5_early_media_for_sharper_shorts\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_ac3\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_audio_track_stickiness\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_audio_track_stickiness_phase_two\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_bandaid_error_screen\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_caption_changes_for_mosaic\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_composite_embargo\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_d6de4\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_d6de4_cold_start_and_error\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_d6de4_idle_priority_job\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_drc\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_drc_toggle_api\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_eac3\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_embedded_player_visibility_signals\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_encrypted_av1\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_media_serving_enforcement\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_media_serving_enforcement_when_has_preroll_ad\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_oduc\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_po_token_live_caption\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_progress_bar_slide_seek_logging\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_sabr_context_from_ump\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_sabr_drm_vod_streaming_xhr\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_sabr_format_selection\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_sabr_from_watch_server\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_sabr_host_fallback\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_sabr_ssdai_streaming_xhr\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_sabr_vod_streaming_xhr\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_server_driven_request_cancellation\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_sps_rebuffer_logs\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_sps_retry_backoff_metadata_requests\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_ssdai_transition_with_only_enter_cuerange\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_triggering_cuepoint_for_slot\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_tvos_dash\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_tvos_encrypted_vp9\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_voice_boost\u003dtrue\u0026html5_encourage_array_coalescing\u003dtrue\u0026html5_export_sodar_snapshot\u003dtrue\u0026html5_fill_default_mosaic_audio_track_id\u003dtrue\u0026html5_fix_drm_license_constraint_for_tv_and_onesie\u003dtrue\u0026html5_fix_multi_audio_offline_playback\u003dtrue\u0026html5_fixed_media_duration_for_request\u003d0\u0026html5_flush_index_on_updated_timestamp_offset\u003dtrue\u0026html5_force_sabr_from_watch_server_for_dfss\u003dtrue\u0026html5_forward_click_tracking_params_on_reload\u003dtrue\u0026html5_gapless_ad_autoplay_on_video_to_ad_only\u003dtrue\u0026html5_gapless_ended_transition_buffer_ms\u003d200\u0026html5_gapless_handoff_close_end_long_rebuffer_cfl\u003dtrue\u0026html5_gapless_handoff_close_end_long_rebuffer_delay_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_gapless_loop_seek_offset_in_milli\u003d0\u0026html5_gapless_slow_seek_cfl\u003dtrue\u0026html5_gapless_slow_seek_delay_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_gapless_slow_start_delay_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_generate_content_po_token\u003dtrue\u0026html5_generate_session_po_token\u003dtrue\u0026html5_gl_fps_threshold\u003d0\u0026html5_hard_cap_max_vertical_resolution_for_shorts\u003d0\u0026html5_hdcp_probing_stream_url\u003d\u0026html5_head_miss_secs\u003d0.0\u0026html5_hfr_quality_cap\u003d0\u0026html5_high_res_logging_percent\u003d0.01\u0026html5_high_res_seek_logging\u003dtrue\u0026html5_honor_caption_availabilities_in_audio_track\u003dtrue\u0026html5_hopeless_secs\u003d0\u0026html5_huli_ssdai_use_playback_state\u003dtrue\u0026html5_idle_rate_limit_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_ignore_partial_segment_from_live_readahead\u003dtrue\u0026html5_ignore_sabrseek_during_adskip\u003dtrue\u0026html5_innertube_heartbeats_for_fairplay\u003dtrue\u0026html5_innertube_heartbeats_for_playready\u003dtrue\u0026html5_innertube_heartbeats_for_widevine\u003dtrue\u0026html5_jumbo_mobile_subsegment_readahead_target\u003d3.0\u0026html5_jumbo_ull_nonstreaming_mffa_ms\u003d4000\u0026html5_jumbo_ull_subsegment_readahead_target\u003d1.3\u0026html5_kabuki_drm_live_51_default_off\u003dtrue\u0026html5_license_constraint_delay\u003d5000\u0026html5_live_abr_head_miss_fraction\u003d0.0\u0026html5_live_abr_repredict_fraction\u003d0.0\u0026html5_live_chunk_readahead_proxima_override\u003d0\u0026html5_live_head_playable\u003dtrue\u0026html5_live_low_latency_bandwidth_window\u003d0.0\u0026html5_live_normal_latency_bandwidth_window\u003d0.0\u0026html5_live_quality_cap\u003d0\u0026html5_live_ultra_low_latency_bandwidth_window\u003d0.0\u0026html5_liveness_drift_chunk_override\u003d0\u0026html5_liveness_drift_proxima_override\u003d0\u0026html5_log_audio_abr\u003dtrue\u0026html5_log_experiment_id_from_player_response_to_ctmp\u003d\u0026html5_log_first_ssdai_requests_killswitch\u003dtrue\u0026html5_log_rebuffer_events\u003d5\u0026html5_log_trigger_events_with_debug_data\u003dtrue\u0026html5_log_vss_extra_lr_cparams_freq\u003d\u0026html5_long_rebuffer_jiggle_cmt_delay_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_long_rebuffer_threshold_ms\u003d30000\u0026html5_manifestless_unplugged\u003dtrue\u0026html5_manifestless_vp9_otf\u003dtrue\u0026html5_max_buffer_health_for_downgrade_prop\u003d0.0\u0026html5_max_buffer_health_for_downgrade_secs\u003d0.0\u0026html5_max_byterate\u003d0\u0026html5_max_discontinuity_rewrite_count\u003d0\u0026html5_max_drift_per_track_secs\u003d0.0\u0026html5_max_headm_for_streaming_xhr\u003d0\u0026html5_max_live_dvr_window_plus_margin_secs\u003d46800.0\u0026html5_max_quality_sel_upgrade\u003d0\u0026html5_max_redirect_response_length\u003d8192\u0026html5_max_selectable_quality_ordinal\u003d0\u0026html5_max_vertical_resolution\u003d0\u0026html5_maximum_readahead_seconds\u003d0.0\u0026html5_media_fullscreen\u003dtrue\u0026html5_media_time_weight\u003dtrue\u0026html5_media_time_weight_prop\u003d0.0\u0026html5_min_failures_to_delay_retry\u003d3\u0026html5_min_media_duration_for_append_prop\u003d0.0\u0026html5_min_media_duration_for_cabr_slice\u003d0.01\u0026html5_min_playback_advance_for_steady_state_secs\u003d0\u0026html5_min_quality_ordinal\u003d0\u0026html5_min_readbehind_cap_secs\u003d60\u0026html5_min_readbehind_secs\u003d0\u0026html5_min_seconds_between_format_selections\u003d0.0\u0026html5_min_selectable_quality_ordinal\u003d0\u0026html5_min_startup_buffered_media_duration_for_live_secs\u003d0.0\u0026html5_min_startup_buffered_media_duration_secs\u003d1.2\u0026html5_min_startup_duration_live_secs\u003d0.25\u0026html5_min_underrun_buffered_pre_steady_state_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_min_upgrade_health_secs\u003d0.0\u0026html5_minimum_readahead_seconds\u003d0.0\u0026html5_mock_content_binding_for_session_token\u003d\u0026html5_move_disable_airplay\u003dtrue\u0026html5_no_placeholder_rollbacks\u003dtrue\u0026html5_non_onesie_attach_po_token\u003dtrue\u0026html5_offline_download_timeout_retry_limit\u003d4\u0026html5_offline_failure_retry_limit\u003d2\u0026html5_offline_playback_position_sync\u003dtrue\u0026html5_offline_prevent_redownload_downloaded_video\u003dtrue\u0026html5_onesie_audio_only_playback\u003dtrue\u0026html5_onesie_check_timeout\u003dtrue\u0026html5_onesie_defer_content_loader_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_onesie_live_ttl_secs\u003d8\u0026html5_onesie_prewarm_interval_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_onesie_prewarm_max_lact_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_onesie_redirector_timeout_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_onesie_send_streamer_context\u003dtrue\u0026html5_onesie_use_signed_onesie_ustreamer_config\u003dtrue\u0026html5_override_micro_discontinuities_threshold_ms\u003d-1\u0026html5_paced_poll_min_health_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_paced_poll_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_pause_on_nonforeground_platform_errors\u003dtrue\u0026html5_peak_shave\u003dtrue\u0026html5_perf_cap_override_sticky\u003dtrue\u0026html5_performance_cap_floor\u003d360\u0026html5_perserve_av1_perf_cap\u003dtrue\u0026html5_picture_in_picture_logging_onresize_ratio\u003d0.0\u0026html5_platform_max_buffer_health_oversend_duration_secs\u003d0.0\u0026html5_platform_minimum_readahead_seconds\u003d0.0\u0026html5_platform_whitelisted_for_frame_accurate_seeks\u003dtrue\u0026html5_player_att_initial_delay_ms\u003d1000\u0026html5_player_att_retry_delay_ms\u003d1500\u0026html5_player_autonav_logging\u003dtrue\u0026html5_player_dynamic_bottom_gradient\u003dtrue\u0026html5_player_es6\u003dtrue\u0026html5_player_min_build_cl\u003d-1\u0026html5_player_preload_ad_fix\u003dtrue\u0026html5_post_interrupt_readahead\u003d20\u0026html5_prefer_language_over_codec\u003dtrue\u0026html5_prefer_server_bwe3\u003dtrue\u0026html5_preload_before_initial_seek_with_sabr\u003dtrue\u0026html5_preload_wait_time_secs\u003d0.0\u0026html5_prevent_mobile_background_play_on_event_shared\u003dtrue\u0026html5_probe_primary_delay_base_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_process_all_encrypted_events\u003dtrue\u0026html5_qoe_proto_mock_length\u003d0\u0026html5_query_sw_secure_crypto_for_android\u003dtrue\u0026html5_random_playback_cap\u003d0\u0026html5_recognize_predict_start_cue_point\u003dtrue\u0026html5_record_is_offline_on_playback_attempt_start\u003dtrue\u0026html5_record_ump_timing\u003dtrue\u0026html5_reload_by_kabuki_app\u003dtrue\u0026html5_remove_command_triggered_companions\u003dtrue\u0026html5_remove_not_servable_check_killswitch\u003dtrue\u0026html5_remove_ssdai_append_pause\u003dtrue\u0026html5_report_fatal_drm_restricted_error_killswitch\u003dtrue\u0026html5_report_slow_ads_as_error\u003dtrue\u0026html5_repredict_interval_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_request_only_hdr_or_sdr_keys\u003dtrue\u0026html5_request_size_max_kb\u003d0\u0026html5_request_size_min_kb\u003d0\u0026html5_reseek_after_time_jump_cfl\u003dtrue\u0026html5_reseek_after_time_jump_delay_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_resource_bad_status_delay_scaling\u003d1.5\u0026html5_restrict_streaming_xhr_on_sqless_requests\u003dtrue\u0026html5_retry_downloads_for_expiration\u003dtrue\u0026html5_retry_on_drm_key_error\u003dtrue\u0026html5_retry_on_drm_unavailable\u003dtrue\u0026html5_retry_quota_exceeded_via_seek\u003dtrue\u0026html5_return_playback_if_already_preloaded\u003dtrue\u0026html5_sabr_enable_server_xtag_selection\u003dtrue\u0026html5_sabr_fetch_on_idle_network_preloaded_players\u003dtrue\u0026html5_sabr_force_max_network_interruption_duration_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_sabr_ignore_skipad_before_completion\u003dtrue\u0026html5_sabr_live_drm_streaming_xhr\u003dtrue\u0026html5_sabr_live_low_latency_streaming_xhr\u003dtrue\u0026html5_sabr_live_normal_latency_streaming_xhr\u003dtrue\u0026html5_sabr_live_timing\u003dtrue\u0026html5_sabr_live_ultra_low_latency_streaming_xhr\u003dtrue\u0026html5_sabr_log_server_xtag_selection_onesie_mismatch\u003dtrue\u0026html5_sabr_min_media_bytes_factor_to_append_for_stream\u003d0.0\u0026html5_sabr_non_streaming_xhr_soft_cap\u003d0\u0026html5_sabr_non_streaming_xhr_vod_request_cancellation_timeout_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_sabr_remove_all_quality_constraints_for_drm_traffic\u003dtrue\u0026html5_sabr_report_partial_segment_estimated_duration\u003dtrue\u0026html5_sabr_report_request_cancellation_info\u003dtrue\u0026html5_sabr_request_limit_per_period\u003d20\u0026html5_sabr_seek_no_shift_tolerance\u003dtrue\u0026html5_sabr_skip_client_audio_init_selection\u003dtrue\u0026html5_sabr_unused_bloat_size_bytes\u003d0\u0026html5_samsung_kant_limit_max_bitrate\u003d0\u0026html5_seek_jiggle_cmt_delay_ms\u003d8000\u0026html5_seek_new_elem_delay_ms\u003d12000\u0026html5_seek_new_elem_shorts_delay_ms\u003d2000\u0026html5_seek_new_media_element_shorts_reuse_cfl\u003dtrue\u0026html5_seek_new_media_element_shorts_reuse_delay_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_seek_new_media_source_shorts_reuse_cfl\u003dtrue\u0026html5_seek_new_media_source_shorts_reuse_delay_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_seek_set_cmt_delay_ms\u003d2000\u0026html5_seek_timeout_delay_ms\u003d20000\u0026html5_send_cuepoint_id_in_ad_break_request\u003dtrue\u0026html5_send_serialized_one_time_qoe_context_data\u003dtrue\u0026html5_serve_start_seconds_seek_for_post_live_sabr\u003dtrue\u0026html5_server_stitched_dai_decorated_url_retry_limit\u003d5\u0026html5_server_stitched_dai_group\u003dtrue\u0026html5_session_po_token_interval_time_ms\u003d900000\u0026html5_set_video_id_as_expected_content_binding\u003dtrue\u0026html5_shorts_gapless_ad_slow_start_cfl\u003dtrue\u0026html5_shorts_gapless_ad_slow_start_delay_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_shorts_gapless_next_buffer_in_seconds\u003d0\u0026html5_shorts_gapless_no_gllat\u003dtrue\u0026html5_shorts_gapless_slow_start_delay_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_show_drc_toggle\u003dtrue\u0026html5_simplified_backup_timeout_sabr_live\u003dtrue\u0026html5_skip_empty_po_token\u003dtrue\u0026html5_skip_slow_ad_delay_ms\u003d15000\u0026html5_slow_start_no_media_source_delay_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_slow_start_timeout_delay_ms\u003d20000\u0026html5_ssdai_clear_backoff_on_cuepoint_list_resolved\u003dtrue\u0026html5_ssdai_enable_media_end_cue_range\u003dtrue\u0026html5_ssdai_enable_new_seek_logic\u003dtrue\u0026html5_ssdai_failure_retry_limit\u003d0\u0026html5_ssdai_log_missing_ad_config_reason\u003dtrue\u0026html5_stall_factor\u003d0.0\u0026html5_sticky_duration_mos\u003d0\u0026html5_store_xhr_headers_readable\u003dtrue\u0026html5_streaming_resilience\u003dtrue\u0026html5_streaming_xhr_time_based_consolidation_ms\u003d-1\u0026html5_subsegment_readahead_load_speed_check_interval\u003d0.5\u0026html5_subsegment_readahead_min_buffer_health_secs\u003d0.25\u0026html5_subsegment_readahead_min_buffer_health_secs_on_timeout\u003d0.1\u0026html5_subsegment_readahead_min_load_speed\u003d1.5\u0026html5_subsegment_readahead_seek_latency_fudge\u003d0.5\u0026html5_subsegment_readahead_target_buffer_health_secs\u003d0.5\u0026html5_subsegment_readahead_timeout_secs\u003d2.0\u0026html5_track_overshoot\u003dtrue\u0026html5_transfer_processing_logs_interval\u003d1000\u0026html5_trigger_loader_when_idle_network\u003dtrue\u0026html5_ugc_live_audio_51\u003dtrue\u0026html5_ugc_vod_audio_51\u003dtrue\u0026html5_unreported_seek_reseek_delay_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_update_time_on_seeked\u003dtrue\u0026html5_use_date_now_for_local_storage\u003dtrue\u0026html5_use_init_selected_audio\u003dtrue\u0026html5_use_jsonformatter_to_parse_player_response\u003dtrue\u0026html5_use_non_active_broadcast_for_post_live\u003dtrue\u0026html5_use_post_for_media\u003dtrue\u0026html5_use_shared_owl_instance\u003dtrue\u0026html5_use_ump\u003dtrue\u0026html5_use_ump_request_slicer\u003dtrue\u0026html5_use_ump_timing\u003dtrue\u0026html5_use_video_quality_cap_for_ustreamer_constraint\u003dtrue\u0026html5_use_video_transition_endpoint_heartbeat\u003dtrue\u0026html5_video_tbd_min_kb\u003d0\u0026html5_viewport_undersend_maximum\u003d0.0\u0026html5_volume_slider_tooltip\u003dtrue\u0026html5_web_po_experiment_ids\u003d[]\u0026html5_web_po_request_key\u003d\u0026html5_web_po_token_disable_caching\u003dtrue\u0026html5_webpo_idle_priority_job\u003dtrue\u0026html5_webpo_kaios_defer_timeout_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_woffle_resume\u003dtrue\u0026html5_workaround_delay_trigger\u003dtrue\u0026idb_immediate_commit\u003dtrue\u0026ignore_overlapping_cue_points_on_endemic_live_html5\u003dtrue\u0026il_attach_cache_limit\u003dtrue\u0026il_payload_scraping\u003d\u0026il_use_view_model_logging_context\u003dtrue\u0026initial_gel_batch_timeout\u003d2000\u0026injected_license_handler_error_code\u003d0\u0026injected_license_handler_license_status\u003d0\u0026ios_and_android_fresca_polling_delay_override\u003d0\u0026itdrm_always_generate_media_keys\u003dtrue\u0026itdrm_always_use_widevine_sdk\u003dtrue\u0026itdrm_disable_external_key_rotation_system_ids\u003d[]\u0026itdrm_enable_revocation_reporting\u003dtrue\u0026itdrm_injected_license_service_error_code\u003d0\u0026itdrm_set_sabr_license_constraint\u003dtrue\u0026itdrm_use_fairplay_sdk\u003dtrue\u0026itdrm_use_widevine_sdk_for_premium_content\u003dtrue\u0026itdrm_use_widevine_sdk_only_for_sampled_dod\u003dtrue\u0026itdrm_widevine_hardened_vmp_mode\u003dlog\u0026json_condensed_response\u003dtrue\u0026kevlar_command_handler_command_banlist\u003d[]\u0026kevlar_delhi_modern_web_endscreen_ideal_tile_width_percentage\u003d0.27\u0026kevlar_delhi_modern_web_endscreen_max_rows\u003d2\u0026kevlar_delhi_modern_web_endscreen_max_width\u003d500\u0026kevlar_delhi_modern_web_endscreen_min_width\u003d200\u0026kevlar_gel_error_routing\u003dtrue\u0026kevlar_miniplayer_expand_top\u003dtrue\u0026kevlar_miniplayer_play_pause_on_scrim\u003dtrue\u0026kevlar_playback_associated_queue\u003dtrue\u0026kevlar_use_wil_icons\u003dtrue\u0026kevlar_vimio_use_shared_monitor\u003dtrue\u0026kevlar_woffle\u003dtrue\u0026launch_license_service_all_ott_videos_automatic_fail_open\u003dtrue\u0026limit_ytcsi_debug_array_size\u003dtrue\u0026live_chat_enable_rta_manager\u003dtrue\u0026live_chunk_readahead\u003d3\u0026log_click_with_layer_from_element_in_command_handler\u003dtrue\u0026log_gel_compression_latency\u003dtrue\u0026log_heartbeat_with_lifecycles\u003dtrue\u0026log_ssdai_decoration_failure_if_missing_ad_break_status\u003dtrue\u0026log_window_onerror_fraction\u003d0.1\u0026manifestless_post_live\u003dtrue\u0026manifestless_post_live_ufph\u003dtrue\u0026max_body_size_to_compress\u003d500000\u0026max_cdfe_quality_ordinal\u003d0\u0026max_prefetch_window_sec_for_livestream_optimization\u003d10\u0026max_resolution_for_white_noise\u003d360\u0026mdx_enable_privacy_disclosure_ui\u003dtrue\u0026mdx_load_cast_api_bootstrap_script\u003dtrue\u0026migrate_remaining_web_ad_badges_to_innertube\u003dtrue\u0026min_prefetch_offset_sec_for_livestream_optimization\u003d20\u0026mta_drc_mutual_exclusion_removal\u003dtrue\u0026music_enable_shared_audio_tier_logic\u003dtrue\u0026mweb_account_linking_noapp\u003dtrue\u0026mweb_enable_click_to_play_pause\u003dtrue\u0026mweb_enable_fine_scrubbing_for_recs\u003dtrue\u0026mweb_enable_more_chunks\u003dtrue\u0026mweb_native_control_in_faux_fullscreen_shared\u003dtrue\u0026mweb_player_control_on_hover\u003dtrue\u0026mweb_progress_bar_seek_on_mouse_click\u003dtrue\u0026mweb_shorts_comments_panel_id_change\u003dtrue\u0026network_polling_interval\u003d30000\u0026networkless_logging\u003dtrue\u0026new_codecs_string_api_uses_legacy_style\u003dtrue\u0026no_drm_on_demand_with_cc_license\u003dtrue\u0026no_filler_video_for_ssa_playbacks\u003dtrue\u0026offline_error_handling\u003dtrue\u0026onesie_add_gfe_frontline_to_player_request\u003dtrue\u0026onesie_enable_override_headm\u003dtrue\u0026override_drm_required_playback_policy_channels\u003d[]\u0026pageid_as_header_web\u003dtrue\u0026par_at_ep\u003dtrue\u0026pdg_enable_creator_goals_animations\u003dtrue\u0026player_ads_set_adformat_on_client\u003dtrue\u0026player_bootstrap_method\u003dtrue\u0026player_controls_volume_controls_use_player_props\u003dtrue\u0026player_destroy_old_version\u003dtrue\u0026player_doubletap_to_seek\u003dtrue\u0026player_enable_playback_playlist_change\u003dtrue\u0026player_new_info_card_format\u003dtrue\u0026player_underlay_min_player_width\u003d768.0\u0026player_underlay_video_width_fraction\u003d0.6\u0026player_web_canary\u003dtrue\u0026player_web_canary_stage\u003d3\u0026player_web_is_canary\u003dtrue\u0026playready_first_play_expiration\u003d-1\u0026podcasts_videostats_default_flush_interval_seconds\u003d0\u0026polymer_bad_build_labels\u003dtrue\u0026polymer_verifiy_app_state\u003dtrue\u0026populate_format_set_info_in_cdfe_formats\u003dtrue\u0026populate_head_minus_in_watch_server\u003dtrue\u0026preskip_button_style_ads_backend\u003dcountdown_next_to_thumbnail\u0026proxima_auto_threshold_max_network_interruption_duration_ms\u003d0\u0026proxima_auto_threshold_min_bandwidth_estimate_bytes_per_sec\u003d0\u0026qoe_nwl_downloads\u003dtrue\u0026qoe_send_and_write\u003dtrue\u0026quality_cap_for_inline_non_app_ads\u003d0\u0026quality_cap_for_inline_playback\u003d0\u0026quality_cap_for_inline_playback_ads\u003d0\u0026read_ahead_model_name\u003d\u0026record_app_crashed_web\u003dtrue\u0026refactor_mta_default_track_selection\u003dtrue\u0026reject_hidden_live_formats\u003dtrue\u0026reject_live_vp9_mq_clear_with_no_abr_ladder\u003dtrue\u0026remove_chevron_from_ad_disclosure_banner_h5\u003dtrue\u0026remove_masthead_channel_banner_on_refresh\u003dtrue\u0026remove_slot_id_exited_trigger_for_dai_in_player_slot_expire\u003dtrue\u0026replace_playability_retriever_in_watch\u003dtrue\u0026return_drm_product_unknown_for_clear_playbacks\u003dtrue\u0026sabr_enable_host_fallback\u003dtrue\u0026self_podding_header_string_template\u003dself_podding_interstitial_message\u0026self_podding_midroll_choice_string_template\u003dself_podding_midroll_choice\u0026send_config_hash_timer\u003d0\u0026serve_adaptive_fmts_for_live_streams\u003dtrue\u0026set_interstitial_advertisers_question_text\u003dtrue\u0026set_mock_id_as_expected_content_binding\u003d\u0026shell_load_gcf\u003dtrue\u0026shorts_mode_to_player_api\u003dtrue\u0026should_attribute_to_watch_with_source\u003d[]\u0026should_clear_video_data_on_player_cued_unstarted\u003dtrue\u0026simply_embedded_enable_botguard\u003dtrue\u0026skip_ls_gel_retry\u003dtrue\u0026slow_compressions_before_abandon_count\u003d4\u0026small_avatars_for_comments\u003dtrue\u0026smart_skip_web_player_bar_min_hover_length_milliseconds\u003d1000\u0026smarter_ve_dedupping\u003dtrue\u0026speedmaster_cancellation_movement_dp\u003d10\u0026speedmaster_playback_rate\u003d2.0\u0026speedmaster_touch_activation_ms\u003d500\u0026sps_enable_antiscraping_rules\u003dtrue\u0026start_async_playability_lazy_dependencies\u003dtrue\u0026start_client_gcf\u003dtrue\u0026stop_handling_click_for_non_rendering_overlay_layout\u003dtrue\u0026streaming_data_emergency_itag_blacklist\u003d[]\u0026substitute_ad_cpn_macro_in_ssdai\u003dtrue\u0026suppress_error_204_logging\u003dtrue\u0026transport_use_scheduler\u003dtrue\u0026trim_adaptive_formats_signature_cipher_for_sabr_content\u003dtrue\u0026trim_adaptive_formats_url_for_media_barrier\u003dtrue\u0026tvhtml5_unplugged_preload_cache_size\u003d5\u0026use_cue_range_marker_position\u003dtrue\u0026use_event_time_ms_header\u003dtrue\u0026use_fifo_for_networkless\u003dtrue\u0026use_generated_media_keys_in_fairplay_requests\u003dtrue\u0026use_inlined_player_rpc\u003dtrue\u0026use_new_codecs_string_api\u003dtrue\u0026use_request_time_ms_header\u003dtrue\u0026use_rta_for_player\u003dtrue\u0026use_rta_for_player_hb\u003dtrue\u0026use_rta_only_for_player\u003dtrue\u0026use_session_based_sampling\u003dtrue\u0026use_simplified_remove_webm_rules\u003dtrue\u0026use_thumbnail_overlay_time_status_renderer_for_live_badge\u003dtrue\u0026use_video_playback_premium_signal\u003dtrue\u0026variable_buffer_timeout_ms\u003d0\u0026vp9_drm_live\u003dtrue\u0026vss_final_ping_send_and_write\u003dtrue\u0026vss_pings_using_networkless\u003dtrue\u0026vss_playback_use_send_and_write\u003dtrue\u0026web_add_footer_template_to_audio_track\u003dtrue\u0026web_api_url\u003dtrue\u0026web_attention_logging_scroll_throttle\u003d500.0\u0026web_big_boards\u003dtrue\u0026web_big_boards_enable_in_inline\u003dtrue\u0026web_big_boards_enable_in_miniplayer\u003dtrue\u0026web_button_view_model_non_nullish_data\u003dtrue\u0026web_button_vm_refactor_disabled\u003dtrue\u0026web_cinematic_watch_settings\u003dtrue\u0026web_client_version_override\u003d\u0026web_collect_offline_state\u003dtrue\u0026web_csi_action_sampling_enabled\u003dtrue\u0026web_csi_debug_sample_enabled\u003dtrue\u0026web_dedupe_ve_grafting\u003dtrue\u0026web_disable_chip_view_model_mutation\u003dtrue\u0026web_enable_ab_rsp_cl\u003dtrue\u0026web_enable_course_icon_update\u003dtrue\u0026web_enable_entity_upsert_on_update\u003dtrue\u0026web_enable_error_204\u003dtrue\u0026web_enable_keyboard_shortcut_for_timely_actions\u003dtrue\u0026web_enable_shopping_timely_shelf_client\u003dtrue\u0026web_enable_speedmaster\u003dtrue\u0026web_enable_timely_actions\u003dtrue\u0026web_enable_varispeed_panel\u003dtrue\u0026web_fix_fine_scrubbing_false_play\u003dtrue\u0026web_foreground_heartbeat_interval_ms\u003d28000\u0026web_forward_command_on_pbj\u003dtrue\u0026web_fullscreen_shorts\u003dtrue\u0026web_gcf_hashes_innertube\u003dtrue\u0026web_gel_debounce_ms\u003d60000\u0026web_gel_timeout_cap\u003dtrue\u0026web_heat_map_v2\u003dtrue\u0026web_hide_next_button\u003dtrue\u0026web_hide_watch_info_empty\u003dtrue\u0026web_hide_your_data_on_automotive\u003dtrue\u0026web_infocards_teaser_show_logging_fix\u003dtrue\u0026web_key_moments_markers\u003dtrue\u0026web_l3_storyboard\u003dtrue\u0026web_load_prediction_threshold\u003d0.3\u0026web_log_memory_total_kbytes\u003dtrue\u0026web_logging_max_batch\u003d150\u0026web_max_tracing_events\u003d50\u0026web_modern_buttons\u003dtrue\u0026web_navigation_prediction_threshold\u003d0.1\u0026web_new_autonav_countdown\u003dtrue\u0026web_op_signal_type_banlist\u003d[]\u0026web_playback_associated_log_ctt\u003dtrue\u0026web_playback_associated_ve\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_api_logging_fraction\u003d0.01\u0026web_player_autonav_use_server_provided_state\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_big_mode_screen_width_cutoff\u003d4001\u0026web_player_default_peeking_px\u003d0\u0026web_player_delhi_dtts\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_enable_featured_product_banner_exclusives_on_desktop\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_enable_featured_product_banner_promotion_text_on_desktop\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_enable_fullscreen_grid_components\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_enable_premium_hbr_in_h5_api\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_enable_premium_hbr_playback_cap\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_frosted_glass_blur_radius\u003d16\u0026web_player_frosted_glass_blur_radius_float\u003d16.0\u0026web_player_grid_natural_scroll\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_innertube_playlist_update\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_invisible_fullscreen_button\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_ipp_canary_type_for_logging\u003dexperiment\u0026web_player_log_click_before_generating_ve_conversion_params\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_miniplayer_in_context_menu\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_mouse_idle_wait_time_ms\u003d3000\u0026web_player_move_autonav_toggle\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_music_visualizer_treatment\u003dfake\u0026web_player_nitrate_promo_tooltip\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_offline_playlist_auto_refresh\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_overlay_positioned_layout\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_pip_logging_fix\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_playable_sequences_refactor\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_pt_tt\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_quick_hide_timeout_ms\u003d250\u0026web_player_rtr_ctrls\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_seek_chapters_by_shortcut\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_seek_overlay_additional_arrow_threshold\u003d200\u0026web_player_seek_overlay_duration_bump_scale\u003d0.9\u0026web_player_seek_overlay_linger_duration\u003d1000\u0026web_player_sentinel_is_uniplayer\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_show_music_in_this_video_graphic\u003dvideo_thumbnail\u0026web_player_spacebar_control_bugfix\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_ss_dai_ad_fetching_timeout_ms\u003d15000\u0026web_player_ss_media_time_offset\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_touch_idle_wait_time_ms\u003d4000\u0026web_player_transfer_timeout_threshold_ms\u003d10800000\u0026web_player_updated_entrypoint\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_use_cinematic_label_2\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_use_new_api_for_quality_pullback\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_use_screen_width_for_big_mode\u003dtrue\u0026web_prefetch_preload_video\u003dtrue\u0026web_progress_bar_draggable\u003dtrue\u0026web_remix_allow_up_to_3x_playback_rate\u003dtrue\u0026web_remove_broken_subscribe_endscreen\u003dtrue\u0026web_reset_lact_on_media_actions\u003dtrue\u0026web_session_replay_send_after_timeout\u003d0\u0026web_settings_menu_icons\u003dtrue\u0026web_settings_menu_surface_custom_playback\u003dtrue\u0026web_settings_use_input_slider\u003dtrue\u0026web_shorts_audio_track_picker\u003dtrue\u0026web_sleep_timer\u003dtrue\u0026web_speedmaster_spacebar_control\u003dtrue\u0026web_tracing_enabled_spans\u003d[event, command]\u0026web_tracing_session_replay\u003d0\u0026web_watch_enable_fs_squeezeback_panels\u003dtrue\u0026webpo_exit_on_net_err\u003dtrue\u0026wil_icon_max_concurrent_fetches\u003d9999\u0026wil_icon_render_when_idle\u003dtrue\u0026wiz_diff_overwritable\u003dtrue\u0026wiz_wrapper_callback_props_fix\u003dtrue\u0026woffle_enable_download_status\u003dtrue\u0026woffle_orchestration\u003dtrue\u0026write_reload_player_response_token_to_ustreamer_config_for_vod\u003dtrue\u0026ws_av1_max_height_floor\u003d0\u0026ws_av1_max_width_floor\u003d0\u0026ws_use_centralized_hqa_filter\u003dtrue\u0026wug_networking_gzip_request\u003dtrue\u0026ytcsi_debug_max_size\u003d100\u0026ytidb_remake_db_retries\u003d3\u0026ytidb_reopen_db_retries\u003d3\u0026ytidb_transaction_ended_event_rate_limit\u003d0.02","disableSharing":true,"disableWatchLater":true,"startMuted":true,"enableMutedAutoplay":true,"disableFullscreen":true,"cspNonce":"1FEbiaPymPRwluOaunvWMg","canaryState":"canary","datasyncId":"V0afcd696||","disableSeek":true,"canaryStage":"MEDIUM","trustedJsUrl":{"privateDoNotAccessOrElseTrustedResourceUrlWrappedValue":"/s/player/bcd88ad3/player_es6.vflset/en_US/base.js"},"trustedCssUrl":{"privateDoNotAccessOrElseTrustedResourceUrlWrappedValue":"/s/player/bcd88ad3/www-player.css"},"disableStaleness":true,"serializedClientExperimentFlags":"45713225\u003d0\u002645718175\u003d0.0\u002645718176\u003d0.0\u002645725538\u003d0.0\u002645725539\u003d0.0\u002645725540\u003d0.0\u002645725541\u003d0.0\u002645725542\u003d0.0\u002645725543\u003d0.0\u002645728334\u003d0.0\u002645728572\u003dtrue\u002645729215\u003dtrue\u002645732704\u003dtrue\u002645732791\u003dtrue\u002645735428\u003d4000.0\u002645737488\u003d0.0\u002645737489\u003d0.0\u002645739023\u003d0.0\u002645741339\u003d0.0\u002645741773\u003d0.0\u002645743228\u003d0.0\u002645746966\u003d0.0\u002645746967\u003d0.0\u002645747053\u003d0.0\u002645750947\u003d10240\u002645756201\u003dtrue\u002645756872\u003d0.0\u002645757426\u003d0.0\u002645757427\u003d0.0\u002645757750\u003d0.0\u002645757957\u003d0.0\u002645758467\u003d0.0\u002645760018\u003dtrue\u002645761760\u003d200\u002645762838\u003d0\u002645764217\u003d0.0\u002645764252\u003d0.0\u002645764523\u003d0.0\u002645764524\u003d0.0\u002645764593\u003d0.0\u002645765077\u003dtrue\u002645765568\u003d0.0\u002645765602\u003d0.0\u002645767763\u003d0.0\u002645767943\u003d0.0\u002645768340\u003d0.0\u002645768430\u003d0.0\u002645769119\u003dtrue\u002645769214\u003d0.0\u002645770001\u003d0.0\u002645770002\u003d0.0\u002645770135\u003dtrue\u002645771890\u003d0.0\u002645773603\u003d0.0\u002645773604\u003d0.0\u002645775791\u003d0.0\u002645775792\u003d0.0\u002645778663\u003d0.0\u002645778671\u003d0.0"},"WEB_PLAYER_CONTEXT_CONFIG_ID_LEARNING_JOURNEY_WATCH":{"transparentBackground":true,"rootElementId":"plj_player","jsUrl":"/s/player/bcd88ad3/player_es6.vflset/en_US/base.js","cssUrl":"/s/player/bcd88ad3/www-player.css","contextId":"WEB_PLAYER_CONTEXT_CONFIG_ID_LEARNING_JOURNEY_WATCH","eventLabel":"detailpage","contentRegion":"NP","hl":"en_US","hostLanguage":"en","playerStyle":"desktop-polymer","innertubeApiKey":"AIzaSyAO_FJ2SlqU8Q4STEHLGCilw_Y9_11qcW8","innertubeApiVersion":"v1","innertubeContextClientVersion":"2.20260424.01.00","device":{"brand":"apple","model":"","browser":"Chrome","browserVersion":"124.0.0.0","os":"Macintosh","osVersion":"10_15_7","platform":"DESKTOP","interfaceName":"WEB","interfaceVersion":"2.20260424.01.00"},"serializedExperimentIds":"24004644,24499534,39325854,51010235,51063643,51072748,51095478,51098299,51204329,51222973,51300176,51300241,51314158,51340662,51349914,51353393,51366423,51389629,51459470,51467676,51470301,51472205,51490331,51505436,51530495,51534669,51547388,51565116,51578633,51583821,51605258,51609829,51619706,51620867,51622845,51635955,51638932,51646450,51648336,51672162,51681662,51683502,51684560,51698285,51705976,51708061,51713176,51715023,51717747,51719112,51720353,51729218,51740148,51742377,51763897,51774882,51784587,51798928,51801292,51802233,51803128,51803199,51803587,51804539,51807293,51811903,51819635,51820067,51829421,51839674,51839732,51841270,51844842,51847710,51849664,51851862,51855288,51856590,51866874,51866997,51869208,51876388,51881461,51885343,51887880,51889002,51890561,51892086,51893373,51899026,51908397","serializedExperimentFlags":"H5_async_logging_delay_ms\u003d30000.0\u0026a11y_h5_associate_survey_question\u003dtrue\u0026ab_det_apb_b\u003dtrue\u0026ab_det_apm\u003dtrue\u0026ab_det_el_h\u003dtrue\u0026action_companion_center_align_description\u003dtrue\u0026ad_pod_disable_companion_persist_ads_quality\u003dtrue\u0026add_stmp_logs_for_voice_boost\u003dtrue\u0026allow_autohide_on_paused_videos\u003dtrue\u0026allow_drm_override\u003dtrue\u0026allow_live_autoplay\u003dtrue\u0026allow_poltergust_autoplay\u003dtrue\u0026allow_skip_networkless\u003dtrue\u0026allow_vb_audio_formats\u003dtrue\u0026allow_vb_audio_formats_with_mta\u003dtrue\u0026allow_vp9_1080p_mq_enc\u003dtrue\u0026always_cache_redirect_endpoint\u003dtrue\u0026annotation_module_vast_cards_load_logging_fraction\u003d0.0\u0026assign_drm_family_by_format\u003dtrue\u0026att_web_record_metrics\u003dtrue\u0026attach_experiment_propagation_context_to_config\u003dtrue\u0026attention_logging_scroll_throttle\u003d500.0\u0026attmusi\u003dtrue\u0026autoplay_time\u003d8000\u0026autoplay_time_for_fullscreen\u003d3000\u0026autoplay_time_for_music_content\u003d3000\u0026bg_st_hr\u003dtrue\u0026bg_vm_reinit_threshold\u003d7200000\u0026block_tvhtml5_simply_embedded\u003dtrue\u0026blocked_packages_for_sps\u003d[]\u0026botguard_async_snapshot_timeout_ms\u003d3000\u0026captions_url_add_ei\u003dtrue\u0026check_navigator_accuracy_timeout_ms\u003d0\u0026client_respect_autoplay_switch_button_renderer\u003dtrue\u0026client_ui_enable_multi_track_audio_on_web_embedded_player\u003dtrue\u0026compress_gel\u003dtrue\u0026compression_disable_point\u003d10\u0026cow_optimize_idom_compat\u003dtrue\u0026csi_on_gel\u003dtrue\u0026custom_active_view_tos_timeout_ms\u003d3600000\u0026dash_manifest_version\u003d5\u0026debug_bandaid_hostname\u003d\u0026debug_bandaid_port\u003d0\u0026debug_sherlog_username\u003d\u0026delhi_fast_follow_autonav_toggle\u003dtrue\u0026delhi_modern_player_default_thumbnail_percentage\u003d0.0\u0026delhi_modern_player_faster_autohide_delay_ms\u003d2000\u0026delhi_modern_player_pause_thumbnail_percentage\u003d0.6\u0026delhi_modern_web_player\u003dtrue\u0026delhi_modern_web_player_blending_mode\u003d\u0026delhi_modern_web_player_disable_frosted_glass\u003dtrue\u0026delhi_modern_web_player_horizontal_volume_controls\u003dtrue\u0026delhi_modern_web_player_icons\u003dtrue\u0026delhi_modern_web_player_lhs_volume_controls\u003dtrue\u0026delhi_modern_web_player_responsive_compact_controls_threshold\u003d4000\u0026delhi_web_player_use_external_playlist_panel\u003dtrue\u0026deprecate_22\u003dtrue\u0026deprecate_delay_ping\u003dtrue\u0026deprecate_pair_servlet_enabled\u003dtrue\u0026desktop_sparkles_light_cta_button\u003dtrue\u0026disable_av1_setting\u003dtrue\u0026disable_channel_id_check_for_suspended_channels\u003dtrue\u0026disable_child_node_auto_formatted_strings\u003dtrue\u0026disable_features_for_supex\u003dtrue\u0026disable_legacy_desktop_remote_queue\u003dtrue\u0026disable_lifa_for_supex_users\u003dtrue\u0026disable_log_to_visitor_layer\u003dtrue\u0026disable_mdx_connection_in_mdx_module_for_music_web\u003dtrue\u0026disable_pacf_logging_for_memory_limited_tv\u003dtrue\u0026disable_reel_item_watch_format_filtering\u003dtrue\u0026disable_ssdai_on_errors\u003dtrue\u0026disable_threegpp_progressive_formats\u003dtrue\u0026disable_touch_events_on_skip_button\u003dtrue\u0026duration_before_pause_ad_break_ms_for_system_pause\u003d0\u0026edge_encryption_fill_primary_key_version\u003dtrue\u0026embeds_desktoff_enable_ads_top_bar\u003dtrue\u0026embeds_desktop_enable_volume_slider\u003dtrue\u0026embeds_enable_embed_config_for_muted_autoplay\u003dtrue\u0026embeds_enable_innertube_store\u003dtrue\u0026embeds_enable_move_set_center_crop_to_public\u003dtrue\u0026embeds_enable_per_video_embed_config\u003dtrue\u0026embeds_web_lite_mode\u003d1\u0026enable_a11y_focus_fix_for_mac_panel_on_desktop\u003dtrue\u0026enable_access_code_service_rpc\u003dtrue\u0026enable_aci_on_lr_feeds\u003dtrue\u0026enable_active_view_display_ad_renderer_web_home\u003dtrue\u0026enable_active_view_lr_shorts_video\u003dtrue\u0026enable_active_view_web_shorts_video\u003dtrue\u0026enable_ad_cpn_macro_substitution_for_click_pings\u003dtrue\u0026enable_ad_disclosure_banner_a11y_fix\u003dtrue\u0026enable_antiscraping_web_player_expired\u003dtrue\u0026enable_app_promo_endcap_eml_on_tablet\u003dtrue\u0026enable_automotive_form_factor_check\u003dtrue\u0026enable_av1_for_svod\u003dtrue\u0026enable_batched_cross_device_pings_in_gel_fanout\u003dtrue\u0026enable_capability_format_filter_in_watch_server\u003dtrue\u0026enable_cast_for_web_unplugged\u003dtrue\u0026enable_cast_on_music_web\u003dtrue\u0026enable_centered_caption_for_tvfilm_video\u003dtrue\u0026enable_cipher_for_manifest_urls\u003dtrue\u0026enable_cleanup_masthead_autoplay_hack_fix\u003dtrue\u0026enable_client_page_id_header_for_first_party_pings\u003dtrue\u0026enable_client_sli_logging\u003dtrue\u0026enable_client_ve_spec\u003dtrue\u0026enable_cta_banner_on_unplugged_lr\u003dtrue\u0026enable_custom_playhead_parsing\u003dtrue\u0026enable_dai_sdf_h5_preroll\u003dtrue\u0026enable_datasync_id_header_in_web_vss_pings\u003dtrue\u0026enable_default_mono_cta_migration_web_client\u003dtrue\u0026enable_dsa_ad_badge_for_action_endcap_on_android\u003dtrue\u0026enable_dsa_ad_badge_for_action_endcap_on_ios\u003dtrue\u0026enable_entity_store_from_dependency_injection\u003dtrue\u0026enable_error_corrections_infocard\u003dtrue\u0026enable_error_corrections_infocard_web_client\u003dtrue\u0026enable_error_corrections_infocard_web_client_check\u003dtrue\u0026enable_error_corrections_infocards_icon_web\u003dtrue\u0026enable_gel_log_commands\u003dtrue\u0026enable_get_reminder_button_on_web\u003dtrue\u0026enable_handles_account_menu_switcher\u003dtrue\u0026enable_inline_muted_playback_on_web_search\u003dtrue\u0026enable_inline_muted_playback_on_web_search_for_vdc\u003dtrue\u0026enable_inline_muted_playback_on_web_search_for_vdcb\u003dtrue\u0026enable_kabuki_comments_on_shorts\u003ddisabled\u0026enable_key_press_seek_logging\u003dtrue\u0026enable_ltc_param_fetch_from_innertube\u003dtrue\u0026enable_mixed_direction_formatted_strings\u003dtrue\u0026enable_modern_skip_button_on_web\u003dtrue\u0026enable_mweb_keyboard_shortcuts\u003dtrue\u0026enable_new_paid_product_placement\u003dtrue\u0026enable_open_in_new_tab_icon_for_short_dr_for_desktop_search\u003dtrue\u0026enable_out_of_stock_text_all_surfaces\u003dtrue\u0026enable_paid_content_overlay_bugfix\u003dtrue\u0026enable_pause_ads_on_ytv_html5\u003dtrue\u0026enable_po_decoration_of_forced_tracks\u003dtrue\u0026enable_policy_based_hqa_filter_in_watch_server\u003dtrue\u0026enable_progres_commands_lr_feeds\u003dtrue\u0026enable_progress_commands_el_dai\u003dtrue\u0026enable_progress_commands_lr_shorts\u003dtrue\u0026enable_publishing_region_param_in_sus\u003dtrue\u0026enable_pv_screen_modern_text\u003dtrue\u0026enable_redirect_linking_for_desktop_web_client\u003dtrue\u0026enable_rpr_token_on_ltl_lookup\u003dtrue\u0026enable_sabr_snackbar_message\u003dtrue\u0026enable_screen_manager_layer_separation\u003dtrue\u0026enable_sdf_companion_h5\u003dtrue\u0026enable_sdf_dai_h5_midroll\u003dtrue\u0026enable_sdf_h5_endemic_mid_post_roll\u003dtrue\u0026enable_sdf_on_h5_unplugged_vod_midroll\u003dtrue\u0026enable_sdf_shorts_player_bytes_h5\u003dtrue\u0026enable_server_driven_abr\u003dtrue\u0026enable_server_driven_abr_for_backgroundable\u003dtrue\u0026enable_server_driven_abr_url_generation\u003dtrue\u0026enable_server_driven_readahead\u003dtrue\u0026enable_server_stitched_dai\u003dtrue\u0026enable_shorts_player\u003dtrue\u0026enable_skip_ad_guidance_prompt\u003dtrue\u0026enable_skip_to_next_messaging\u003dtrue\u0026enable_skippable_ads_for_unplugged_ad_pod\u003dtrue\u0026enable_smart_skip_player_controls_shown_on_web\u003dtrue\u0026enable_smart_skip_player_controls_shown_on_web_increased_triggering_sensitivity\u003dtrue\u0026enable_smart_skip_speedmaster_on_web\u003dtrue\u0026enable_smearing_expansion_dai\u003dtrue\u0026enable_split_screen_ad_baseline_experience_endemic_live_h5\u003dtrue\u0026enable_split_screen_ad_on_endemic_live_h5\u003dtrue\u0026enable_tectonic_ad_ux_for_halftime\u003dtrue\u0026enable_to_call_playready_backend_directly\u003dtrue\u0026enable_topsoil_wta_for_halftime_live_infra\u003dtrue\u0026enable_unified_action_endcap_on_web\u003dtrue\u0026enable_video_display_compact_button_group_for_desktop_search\u003dtrue\u0026enable_voice_boost_feature\u003dtrue\u0026enable_vp9_appletv5_on_server\u003dtrue\u0026enable_watch_server_rejected_formats_logging\u003dtrue\u0026enable_web_delhi_icons\u003dtrue\u0026enable_web_home_top_landscape_image_layout_level_click\u003dtrue\u0026enable_web_media_session_metadata_fix\u003dtrue\u0026enable_web_premium_varispeed\u003dtrue\u0026enable_web_premium_varispeed_upsell\u003dtrue\u0026enable_web_shorts_audio_track\u003dtrue\u0026enable_web_tiered_gel\u003dtrue\u0026enable_wiz_queue_effect_and_on_init_initial_runs\u003dtrue\u0026enable_wn_infocards\u003dtrue\u0026enable_yt_ata_iframe_authuser\u003dtrue\u0026enable_ytv_csdai_vp9\u003dtrue\u0026expand_mediatek_denylist_to_all_live_vp9_in_backend_experiment\u003d[]\u0026export_networkless_options\u003dtrue\u0026export_player_version_to_ytconfig\u003dtrue\u0026fetch_att_independently\u003dtrue\u0026fill_live_request_config_in_ustreamer_config\u003dtrue\u0026fill_single_video_with_notify_to_lasr\u003dtrue\u0026filter_vb_without_non_vb_equivalents\u003dtrue\u0026fix_ad_miniplayer_controls_rendering\u003dtrue\u0026fix_ads_tracking_for_swf_config_deprecation_mweb\u003dtrue\u0026fix_h5_toggle_button_a11y\u003dtrue\u0026fix_survey_color_contrast_on_destop\u003dtrue\u0026fresca_polling_delay_override\u003d0\u0026gab_return_sabr_ssdai_config\u003dtrue\u0026gel_min_batch_size\u003d3\u0026gel_queue_timeout_max_ms\u003d300000\u0026gvi_channel_client_screen\u003dtrue\u0026h5_companion_enable_adcpn_macro_substitution_for_click_pings\u003dtrue\u0026h5_enable_ad_mbs\u003dtrue\u0026h5_inplayer_enable_adcpn_macro_substitution_for_click_pings\u003dtrue\u0026h5_reset_cache_and_filter_before_update_masthead\u003dtrue\u0026hfr_dropped_framerate_fallback_threshold\u003d0\u0026high_ccv_client_side_caching_h5\u003dtrue\u0026hls_use_new_codecs_string_api\u003dtrue\u0026html5_account_for_underrun_advance_in_sabr\u003dtrue\u0026html5_ad_timeout_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_adaptation_step_count\u003d0\u0026html5_ads_preroll_lock_timeout_delay_ms\u003d15000\u0026html5_allow_multiview_tile_preload\u003dtrue\u0026html5_allow_preloading_with_idle_only_network_for_sabr\u003dtrue\u0026html5_allow_video_keyframe_without_audio\u003dtrue\u0026html5_apply_constraints_in_client_for_sabr\u003dtrue\u0026html5_apply_min_failures\u003dtrue\u0026html5_apply_start_time_within_ads_for_ssdai_transitions\u003dtrue\u0026html5_atr_disable_force_fallback\u003dtrue\u0026html5_att_playback_timeout_ms\u003d30000\u0026html5_attach_num_random_bytes_to_bandaid\u003d0\u0026html5_attach_po_token_to_bandaid\u003dtrue\u0026html5_autonav_cap_idle_secs\u003d0\u0026html5_autonav_quality_cap\u003d720\u0026html5_autoplay_default_quality_cap\u003d0\u0026html5_auxiliary_estimate_weight\u003d0.0\u0026html5_av1_ordinal_cap\u003d0\u0026html5_bandaid_attach_content_po_token\u003dtrue\u0026html5_block_pip_safari_delay\u003d0\u0026html5_bypass_contention_secs\u003d0.0\u0026html5_byterate_soft_cap\u003d0\u0026html5_check_for_idle_network_interval_ms\u003d1000\u0026html5_chipset_soft_cap\u003d8192\u0026html5_consume_all_buffered_bytes_one_poll\u003dtrue\u0026html5_continuous_goodput_probe_interval_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_cuepoint_list_clear_on_seek\u003dtrue\u0026html5_d6de4_cloud_project_number\u003d868618676952\u0026html5_d6de4_defer_timeout_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_debug_data_log_probability\u003d0.0\u0026html5_decode_to_texture_cap\u003dtrue\u0026html5_default_ad_gain\u003d0.5\u0026html5_default_av1_threshold\u003d0\u0026html5_default_quality_cap\u003d0\u0026html5_defer_fetch_att_ms\u003d1000\u0026html5_delayed_retry_count\u003d1\u0026html5_delayed_retry_delay_ms\u003d5000\u0026html5_deprecate_adservice\u003dtrue\u0026html5_deprecate_manifestful_fallback\u003dtrue\u0026html5_deprecate_video_tag_pool\u003dtrue\u0026html5_desktop_vr180_allow_panning\u003dtrue\u0026html5_df_downgrade_thresh\u003d0.6\u0026html5_disable_bandwidth_cofactors_for_sabr_live\u003dtrue\u0026html5_disable_client_autonav_cap_for_onesie\u003dtrue\u0026html5_disable_loop_range_for_shorts_ads\u003dtrue\u0026html5_disable_move_pssh_to_moov\u003dtrue\u0026html5_disable_non_contiguous\u003dtrue\u0026html5_disable_peak_shave_for_onesie\u003dtrue\u0026html5_disable_ustreamer_constraint_for_sabr\u003dtrue\u0026html5_disable_web_safari_dai\u003dtrue\u0026html5_dispatch_tracklist_loaded_event\u003dtrue\u0026html5_displayed_frame_rate_downgrade_threshold\u003d45\u0026html5_drm_byterate_soft_cap\u003d0\u0026html5_drm_check_all_key_error_states\u003dtrue\u0026html5_drm_cpi_license_key\u003dtrue\u0026html5_drm_live_byterate_soft_cap\u003d0\u0026html5_early_media_for_sharper_shorts\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_ac3\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_audio_track_stickiness\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_audio_track_stickiness_phase_two\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_bandaid_error_screen\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_caption_changes_for_mosaic\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_composite_embargo\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_d6de4\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_d6de4_cold_start_and_error\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_d6de4_idle_priority_job\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_drc\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_drc_toggle_api\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_eac3\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_embedded_player_visibility_signals\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_encrypted_av1\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_media_serving_enforcement\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_media_serving_enforcement_when_has_preroll_ad\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_oduc\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_po_token_live_caption\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_progress_bar_slide_seek_logging\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_sabr_context_from_ump\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_sabr_drm_vod_streaming_xhr\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_sabr_format_selection\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_sabr_from_watch_server\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_sabr_host_fallback\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_sabr_ssdai_streaming_xhr\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_sabr_vod_streaming_xhr\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_server_driven_request_cancellation\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_sps_rebuffer_logs\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_sps_retry_backoff_metadata_requests\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_ssdai_transition_with_only_enter_cuerange\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_triggering_cuepoint_for_slot\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_tvos_dash\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_tvos_encrypted_vp9\u003dtrue\u0026html5_enable_voice_boost\u003dtrue\u0026html5_encourage_array_coalescing\u003dtrue\u0026html5_export_sodar_snapshot\u003dtrue\u0026html5_fill_default_mosaic_audio_track_id\u003dtrue\u0026html5_fix_drm_license_constraint_for_tv_and_onesie\u003dtrue\u0026html5_fix_multi_audio_offline_playback\u003dtrue\u0026html5_fixed_media_duration_for_request\u003d0\u0026html5_flush_index_on_updated_timestamp_offset\u003dtrue\u0026html5_force_sabr_from_watch_server_for_dfss\u003dtrue\u0026html5_forward_click_tracking_params_on_reload\u003dtrue\u0026html5_gapless_ad_autoplay_on_video_to_ad_only\u003dtrue\u0026html5_gapless_ended_transition_buffer_ms\u003d200\u0026html5_gapless_handoff_close_end_long_rebuffer_cfl\u003dtrue\u0026html5_gapless_handoff_close_end_long_rebuffer_delay_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_gapless_loop_seek_offset_in_milli\u003d0\u0026html5_gapless_slow_seek_cfl\u003dtrue\u0026html5_gapless_slow_seek_delay_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_gapless_slow_start_delay_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_generate_content_po_token\u003dtrue\u0026html5_generate_session_po_token\u003dtrue\u0026html5_gl_fps_threshold\u003d0\u0026html5_hard_cap_max_vertical_resolution_for_shorts\u003d0\u0026html5_hdcp_probing_stream_url\u003d\u0026html5_head_miss_secs\u003d0.0\u0026html5_hfr_quality_cap\u003d0\u0026html5_high_res_logging_percent\u003d0.01\u0026html5_high_res_seek_logging\u003dtrue\u0026html5_honor_caption_availabilities_in_audio_track\u003dtrue\u0026html5_hopeless_secs\u003d0\u0026html5_huli_ssdai_use_playback_state\u003dtrue\u0026html5_idle_rate_limit_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_ignore_partial_segment_from_live_readahead\u003dtrue\u0026html5_ignore_sabrseek_during_adskip\u003dtrue\u0026html5_innertube_heartbeats_for_fairplay\u003dtrue\u0026html5_innertube_heartbeats_for_playready\u003dtrue\u0026html5_innertube_heartbeats_for_widevine\u003dtrue\u0026html5_jumbo_mobile_subsegment_readahead_target\u003d3.0\u0026html5_jumbo_ull_nonstreaming_mffa_ms\u003d4000\u0026html5_jumbo_ull_subsegment_readahead_target\u003d1.3\u0026html5_kabuki_drm_live_51_default_off\u003dtrue\u0026html5_license_constraint_delay\u003d5000\u0026html5_live_abr_head_miss_fraction\u003d0.0\u0026html5_live_abr_repredict_fraction\u003d0.0\u0026html5_live_chunk_readahead_proxima_override\u003d0\u0026html5_live_head_playable\u003dtrue\u0026html5_live_low_latency_bandwidth_window\u003d0.0\u0026html5_live_normal_latency_bandwidth_window\u003d0.0\u0026html5_live_quality_cap\u003d0\u0026html5_live_ultra_low_latency_bandwidth_window\u003d0.0\u0026html5_liveness_drift_chunk_override\u003d0\u0026html5_liveness_drift_proxima_override\u003d0\u0026html5_log_audio_abr\u003dtrue\u0026html5_log_experiment_id_from_player_response_to_ctmp\u003d\u0026html5_log_first_ssdai_requests_killswitch\u003dtrue\u0026html5_log_rebuffer_events\u003d5\u0026html5_log_trigger_events_with_debug_data\u003dtrue\u0026html5_log_vss_extra_lr_cparams_freq\u003d\u0026html5_long_rebuffer_jiggle_cmt_delay_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_long_rebuffer_threshold_ms\u003d30000\u0026html5_manifestless_unplugged\u003dtrue\u0026html5_manifestless_vp9_otf\u003dtrue\u0026html5_max_buffer_health_for_downgrade_prop\u003d0.0\u0026html5_max_buffer_health_for_downgrade_secs\u003d0.0\u0026html5_max_byterate\u003d0\u0026html5_max_discontinuity_rewrite_count\u003d0\u0026html5_max_drift_per_track_secs\u003d0.0\u0026html5_max_headm_for_streaming_xhr\u003d0\u0026html5_max_live_dvr_window_plus_margin_secs\u003d46800.0\u0026html5_max_quality_sel_upgrade\u003d0\u0026html5_max_redirect_response_length\u003d8192\u0026html5_max_selectable_quality_ordinal\u003d0\u0026html5_max_vertical_resolution\u003d0\u0026html5_maximum_readahead_seconds\u003d0.0\u0026html5_media_fullscreen\u003dtrue\u0026html5_media_time_weight\u003dtrue\u0026html5_media_time_weight_prop\u003d0.0\u0026html5_min_failures_to_delay_retry\u003d3\u0026html5_min_media_duration_for_append_prop\u003d0.0\u0026html5_min_media_duration_for_cabr_slice\u003d0.01\u0026html5_min_playback_advance_for_steady_state_secs\u003d0\u0026html5_min_quality_ordinal\u003d0\u0026html5_min_readbehind_cap_secs\u003d60\u0026html5_min_readbehind_secs\u003d0\u0026html5_min_seconds_between_format_selections\u003d0.0\u0026html5_min_selectable_quality_ordinal\u003d0\u0026html5_min_startup_buffered_media_duration_for_live_secs\u003d0.0\u0026html5_min_startup_buffered_media_duration_secs\u003d1.2\u0026html5_min_startup_duration_live_secs\u003d0.25\u0026html5_min_underrun_buffered_pre_steady_state_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_min_upgrade_health_secs\u003d0.0\u0026html5_minimum_readahead_seconds\u003d0.0\u0026html5_mock_content_binding_for_session_token\u003d\u0026html5_move_disable_airplay\u003dtrue\u0026html5_no_placeholder_rollbacks\u003dtrue\u0026html5_non_onesie_attach_po_token\u003dtrue\u0026html5_offline_download_timeout_retry_limit\u003d4\u0026html5_offline_failure_retry_limit\u003d2\u0026html5_offline_playback_position_sync\u003dtrue\u0026html5_offline_prevent_redownload_downloaded_video\u003dtrue\u0026html5_onesie_audio_only_playback\u003dtrue\u0026html5_onesie_check_timeout\u003dtrue\u0026html5_onesie_defer_content_loader_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_onesie_live_ttl_secs\u003d8\u0026html5_onesie_prewarm_interval_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_onesie_prewarm_max_lact_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_onesie_redirector_timeout_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_onesie_send_streamer_context\u003dtrue\u0026html5_onesie_use_signed_onesie_ustreamer_config\u003dtrue\u0026html5_override_micro_discontinuities_threshold_ms\u003d-1\u0026html5_paced_poll_min_health_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_paced_poll_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_pause_on_nonforeground_platform_errors\u003dtrue\u0026html5_peak_shave\u003dtrue\u0026html5_perf_cap_override_sticky\u003dtrue\u0026html5_performance_cap_floor\u003d360\u0026html5_perserve_av1_perf_cap\u003dtrue\u0026html5_picture_in_picture_logging_onresize_ratio\u003d0.0\u0026html5_platform_max_buffer_health_oversend_duration_secs\u003d0.0\u0026html5_platform_minimum_readahead_seconds\u003d0.0\u0026html5_platform_whitelisted_for_frame_accurate_seeks\u003dtrue\u0026html5_player_att_initial_delay_ms\u003d1000\u0026html5_player_att_retry_delay_ms\u003d1500\u0026html5_player_autonav_logging\u003dtrue\u0026html5_player_dynamic_bottom_gradient\u003dtrue\u0026html5_player_es6\u003dtrue\u0026html5_player_min_build_cl\u003d-1\u0026html5_player_preload_ad_fix\u003dtrue\u0026html5_post_interrupt_readahead\u003d20\u0026html5_prefer_language_over_codec\u003dtrue\u0026html5_prefer_server_bwe3\u003dtrue\u0026html5_preload_before_initial_seek_with_sabr\u003dtrue\u0026html5_preload_wait_time_secs\u003d0.0\u0026html5_prevent_mobile_background_play_on_event_shared\u003dtrue\u0026html5_probe_primary_delay_base_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_process_all_encrypted_events\u003dtrue\u0026html5_qoe_proto_mock_length\u003d0\u0026html5_query_sw_secure_crypto_for_android\u003dtrue\u0026html5_random_playback_cap\u003d0\u0026html5_recognize_predict_start_cue_point\u003dtrue\u0026html5_record_is_offline_on_playback_attempt_start\u003dtrue\u0026html5_record_ump_timing\u003dtrue\u0026html5_reload_by_kabuki_app\u003dtrue\u0026html5_remove_command_triggered_companions\u003dtrue\u0026html5_remove_not_servable_check_killswitch\u003dtrue\u0026html5_remove_ssdai_append_pause\u003dtrue\u0026html5_report_fatal_drm_restricted_error_killswitch\u003dtrue\u0026html5_report_slow_ads_as_error\u003dtrue\u0026html5_repredict_interval_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_request_only_hdr_or_sdr_keys\u003dtrue\u0026html5_request_size_max_kb\u003d0\u0026html5_request_size_min_kb\u003d0\u0026html5_reseek_after_time_jump_cfl\u003dtrue\u0026html5_reseek_after_time_jump_delay_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_resource_bad_status_delay_scaling\u003d1.5\u0026html5_restrict_streaming_xhr_on_sqless_requests\u003dtrue\u0026html5_retry_downloads_for_expiration\u003dtrue\u0026html5_retry_on_drm_key_error\u003dtrue\u0026html5_retry_on_drm_unavailable\u003dtrue\u0026html5_retry_quota_exceeded_via_seek\u003dtrue\u0026html5_return_playback_if_already_preloaded\u003dtrue\u0026html5_sabr_enable_server_xtag_selection\u003dtrue\u0026html5_sabr_fetch_on_idle_network_preloaded_players\u003dtrue\u0026html5_sabr_force_max_network_interruption_duration_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_sabr_ignore_skipad_before_completion\u003dtrue\u0026html5_sabr_live_drm_streaming_xhr\u003dtrue\u0026html5_sabr_live_low_latency_streaming_xhr\u003dtrue\u0026html5_sabr_live_normal_latency_streaming_xhr\u003dtrue\u0026html5_sabr_live_timing\u003dtrue\u0026html5_sabr_live_ultra_low_latency_streaming_xhr\u003dtrue\u0026html5_sabr_log_server_xtag_selection_onesie_mismatch\u003dtrue\u0026html5_sabr_min_media_bytes_factor_to_append_for_stream\u003d0.0\u0026html5_sabr_non_streaming_xhr_soft_cap\u003d0\u0026html5_sabr_non_streaming_xhr_vod_request_cancellation_timeout_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_sabr_remove_all_quality_constraints_for_drm_traffic\u003dtrue\u0026html5_sabr_report_partial_segment_estimated_duration\u003dtrue\u0026html5_sabr_report_request_cancellation_info\u003dtrue\u0026html5_sabr_request_limit_per_period\u003d20\u0026html5_sabr_seek_no_shift_tolerance\u003dtrue\u0026html5_sabr_skip_client_audio_init_selection\u003dtrue\u0026html5_sabr_unused_bloat_size_bytes\u003d0\u0026html5_samsung_kant_limit_max_bitrate\u003d0\u0026html5_seek_jiggle_cmt_delay_ms\u003d8000\u0026html5_seek_new_elem_delay_ms\u003d12000\u0026html5_seek_new_elem_shorts_delay_ms\u003d2000\u0026html5_seek_new_media_element_shorts_reuse_cfl\u003dtrue\u0026html5_seek_new_media_element_shorts_reuse_delay_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_seek_new_media_source_shorts_reuse_cfl\u003dtrue\u0026html5_seek_new_media_source_shorts_reuse_delay_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_seek_set_cmt_delay_ms\u003d2000\u0026html5_seek_timeout_delay_ms\u003d20000\u0026html5_send_cuepoint_id_in_ad_break_request\u003dtrue\u0026html5_send_serialized_one_time_qoe_context_data\u003dtrue\u0026html5_serve_start_seconds_seek_for_post_live_sabr\u003dtrue\u0026html5_server_stitched_dai_decorated_url_retry_limit\u003d5\u0026html5_server_stitched_dai_group\u003dtrue\u0026html5_session_po_token_interval_time_ms\u003d900000\u0026html5_set_video_id_as_expected_content_binding\u003dtrue\u0026html5_shorts_gapless_ad_slow_start_cfl\u003dtrue\u0026html5_shorts_gapless_ad_slow_start_delay_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_shorts_gapless_next_buffer_in_seconds\u003d0\u0026html5_shorts_gapless_no_gllat\u003dtrue\u0026html5_shorts_gapless_slow_start_delay_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_show_drc_toggle\u003dtrue\u0026html5_simplified_backup_timeout_sabr_live\u003dtrue\u0026html5_skip_empty_po_token\u003dtrue\u0026html5_skip_slow_ad_delay_ms\u003d15000\u0026html5_slow_start_no_media_source_delay_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_slow_start_timeout_delay_ms\u003d20000\u0026html5_ssdai_clear_backoff_on_cuepoint_list_resolved\u003dtrue\u0026html5_ssdai_enable_media_end_cue_range\u003dtrue\u0026html5_ssdai_enable_new_seek_logic\u003dtrue\u0026html5_ssdai_failure_retry_limit\u003d0\u0026html5_ssdai_log_missing_ad_config_reason\u003dtrue\u0026html5_stall_factor\u003d0.0\u0026html5_sticky_duration_mos\u003d0\u0026html5_store_xhr_headers_readable\u003dtrue\u0026html5_streaming_resilience\u003dtrue\u0026html5_streaming_xhr_time_based_consolidation_ms\u003d-1\u0026html5_subsegment_readahead_load_speed_check_interval\u003d0.5\u0026html5_subsegment_readahead_min_buffer_health_secs\u003d0.25\u0026html5_subsegment_readahead_min_buffer_health_secs_on_timeout\u003d0.1\u0026html5_subsegment_readahead_min_load_speed\u003d1.5\u0026html5_subsegment_readahead_seek_latency_fudge\u003d0.5\u0026html5_subsegment_readahead_target_buffer_health_secs\u003d0.5\u0026html5_subsegment_readahead_timeout_secs\u003d2.0\u0026html5_track_overshoot\u003dtrue\u0026html5_transfer_processing_logs_interval\u003d1000\u0026html5_trigger_loader_when_idle_network\u003dtrue\u0026html5_ugc_live_audio_51\u003dtrue\u0026html5_ugc_vod_audio_51\u003dtrue\u0026html5_unreported_seek_reseek_delay_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_update_time_on_seeked\u003dtrue\u0026html5_use_date_now_for_local_storage\u003dtrue\u0026html5_use_init_selected_audio\u003dtrue\u0026html5_use_jsonformatter_to_parse_player_response\u003dtrue\u0026html5_use_non_active_broadcast_for_post_live\u003dtrue\u0026html5_use_post_for_media\u003dtrue\u0026html5_use_shared_owl_instance\u003dtrue\u0026html5_use_ump\u003dtrue\u0026html5_use_ump_request_slicer\u003dtrue\u0026html5_use_ump_timing\u003dtrue\u0026html5_use_video_quality_cap_for_ustreamer_constraint\u003dtrue\u0026html5_use_video_transition_endpoint_heartbeat\u003dtrue\u0026html5_video_tbd_min_kb\u003d0\u0026html5_viewport_undersend_maximum\u003d0.0\u0026html5_volume_slider_tooltip\u003dtrue\u0026html5_web_po_experiment_ids\u003d[]\u0026html5_web_po_request_key\u003d\u0026html5_web_po_token_disable_caching\u003dtrue\u0026html5_webpo_idle_priority_job\u003dtrue\u0026html5_webpo_kaios_defer_timeout_ms\u003d0\u0026html5_woffle_resume\u003dtrue\u0026html5_workaround_delay_trigger\u003dtrue\u0026idb_immediate_commit\u003dtrue\u0026ignore_overlapping_cue_points_on_endemic_live_html5\u003dtrue\u0026il_attach_cache_limit\u003dtrue\u0026il_payload_scraping\u003d\u0026il_use_view_model_logging_context\u003dtrue\u0026initial_gel_batch_timeout\u003d2000\u0026injected_license_handler_error_code\u003d0\u0026injected_license_handler_license_status\u003d0\u0026ios_and_android_fresca_polling_delay_override\u003d0\u0026itdrm_always_generate_media_keys\u003dtrue\u0026itdrm_always_use_widevine_sdk\u003dtrue\u0026itdrm_disable_external_key_rotation_system_ids\u003d[]\u0026itdrm_enable_revocation_reporting\u003dtrue\u0026itdrm_injected_license_service_error_code\u003d0\u0026itdrm_set_sabr_license_constraint\u003dtrue\u0026itdrm_use_fairplay_sdk\u003dtrue\u0026itdrm_use_widevine_sdk_for_premium_content\u003dtrue\u0026itdrm_use_widevine_sdk_only_for_sampled_dod\u003dtrue\u0026itdrm_widevine_hardened_vmp_mode\u003dlog\u0026json_condensed_response\u003dtrue\u0026kevlar_command_handler_command_banlist\u003d[]\u0026kevlar_delhi_modern_web_endscreen_ideal_tile_width_percentage\u003d0.27\u0026kevlar_delhi_modern_web_endscreen_max_rows\u003d2\u0026kevlar_delhi_modern_web_endscreen_max_width\u003d500\u0026kevlar_delhi_modern_web_endscreen_min_width\u003d200\u0026kevlar_gel_error_routing\u003dtrue\u0026kevlar_miniplayer_expand_top\u003dtrue\u0026kevlar_miniplayer_play_pause_on_scrim\u003dtrue\u0026kevlar_playback_associated_queue\u003dtrue\u0026kevlar_use_wil_icons\u003dtrue\u0026kevlar_vimio_use_shared_monitor\u003dtrue\u0026kevlar_woffle\u003dtrue\u0026launch_license_service_all_ott_videos_automatic_fail_open\u003dtrue\u0026limit_ytcsi_debug_array_size\u003dtrue\u0026live_chat_enable_rta_manager\u003dtrue\u0026live_chunk_readahead\u003d3\u0026log_click_with_layer_from_element_in_command_handler\u003dtrue\u0026log_gel_compression_latency\u003dtrue\u0026log_heartbeat_with_lifecycles\u003dtrue\u0026log_ssdai_decoration_failure_if_missing_ad_break_status\u003dtrue\u0026log_window_onerror_fraction\u003d0.1\u0026manifestless_post_live\u003dtrue\u0026manifestless_post_live_ufph\u003dtrue\u0026max_body_size_to_compress\u003d500000\u0026max_cdfe_quality_ordinal\u003d0\u0026max_prefetch_window_sec_for_livestream_optimization\u003d10\u0026max_resolution_for_white_noise\u003d360\u0026mdx_enable_privacy_disclosure_ui\u003dtrue\u0026mdx_load_cast_api_bootstrap_script\u003dtrue\u0026migrate_remaining_web_ad_badges_to_innertube\u003dtrue\u0026min_prefetch_offset_sec_for_livestream_optimization\u003d20\u0026mta_drc_mutual_exclusion_removal\u003dtrue\u0026music_enable_shared_audio_tier_logic\u003dtrue\u0026mweb_account_linking_noapp\u003dtrue\u0026mweb_enable_click_to_play_pause\u003dtrue\u0026mweb_enable_fine_scrubbing_for_recs\u003dtrue\u0026mweb_enable_more_chunks\u003dtrue\u0026mweb_native_control_in_faux_fullscreen_shared\u003dtrue\u0026mweb_player_control_on_hover\u003dtrue\u0026mweb_progress_bar_seek_on_mouse_click\u003dtrue\u0026mweb_shorts_comments_panel_id_change\u003dtrue\u0026network_polling_interval\u003d30000\u0026networkless_logging\u003dtrue\u0026new_codecs_string_api_uses_legacy_style\u003dtrue\u0026no_drm_on_demand_with_cc_license\u003dtrue\u0026no_filler_video_for_ssa_playbacks\u003dtrue\u0026offline_error_handling\u003dtrue\u0026onesie_add_gfe_frontline_to_player_request\u003dtrue\u0026onesie_enable_override_headm\u003dtrue\u0026override_drm_required_playback_policy_channels\u003d[]\u0026pageid_as_header_web\u003dtrue\u0026par_at_ep\u003dtrue\u0026pdg_enable_creator_goals_animations\u003dtrue\u0026player_ads_set_adformat_on_client\u003dtrue\u0026player_bootstrap_method\u003dtrue\u0026player_controls_volume_controls_use_player_props\u003dtrue\u0026player_destroy_old_version\u003dtrue\u0026player_doubletap_to_seek\u003dtrue\u0026player_enable_playback_playlist_change\u003dtrue\u0026player_new_info_card_format\u003dtrue\u0026player_underlay_min_player_width\u003d768.0\u0026player_underlay_video_width_fraction\u003d0.6\u0026player_web_canary\u003dtrue\u0026player_web_canary_stage\u003d3\u0026player_web_is_canary\u003dtrue\u0026playready_first_play_expiration\u003d-1\u0026podcasts_videostats_default_flush_interval_seconds\u003d0\u0026polymer_bad_build_labels\u003dtrue\u0026polymer_verifiy_app_state\u003dtrue\u0026populate_format_set_info_in_cdfe_formats\u003dtrue\u0026populate_head_minus_in_watch_server\u003dtrue\u0026preskip_button_style_ads_backend\u003dcountdown_next_to_thumbnail\u0026proxima_auto_threshold_max_network_interruption_duration_ms\u003d0\u0026proxima_auto_threshold_min_bandwidth_estimate_bytes_per_sec\u003d0\u0026qoe_nwl_downloads\u003dtrue\u0026qoe_send_and_write\u003dtrue\u0026quality_cap_for_inline_non_app_ads\u003d0\u0026quality_cap_for_inline_playback\u003d0\u0026quality_cap_for_inline_playback_ads\u003d0\u0026read_ahead_model_name\u003d\u0026record_app_crashed_web\u003dtrue\u0026refactor_mta_default_track_selection\u003dtrue\u0026reject_hidden_live_formats\u003dtrue\u0026reject_live_vp9_mq_clear_with_no_abr_ladder\u003dtrue\u0026remove_chevron_from_ad_disclosure_banner_h5\u003dtrue\u0026remove_masthead_channel_banner_on_refresh\u003dtrue\u0026remove_slot_id_exited_trigger_for_dai_in_player_slot_expire\u003dtrue\u0026replace_playability_retriever_in_watch\u003dtrue\u0026return_drm_product_unknown_for_clear_playbacks\u003dtrue\u0026sabr_enable_host_fallback\u003dtrue\u0026self_podding_header_string_template\u003dself_podding_interstitial_message\u0026self_podding_midroll_choice_string_template\u003dself_podding_midroll_choice\u0026send_config_hash_timer\u003d0\u0026serve_adaptive_fmts_for_live_streams\u003dtrue\u0026set_interstitial_advertisers_question_text\u003dtrue\u0026set_mock_id_as_expected_content_binding\u003d\u0026shell_load_gcf\u003dtrue\u0026shorts_mode_to_player_api\u003dtrue\u0026should_attribute_to_watch_with_source\u003d[]\u0026should_clear_video_data_on_player_cued_unstarted\u003dtrue\u0026simply_embedded_enable_botguard\u003dtrue\u0026skip_ls_gel_retry\u003dtrue\u0026slow_compressions_before_abandon_count\u003d4\u0026small_avatars_for_comments\u003dtrue\u0026smart_skip_web_player_bar_min_hover_length_milliseconds\u003d1000\u0026smarter_ve_dedupping\u003dtrue\u0026speedmaster_cancellation_movement_dp\u003d10\u0026speedmaster_playback_rate\u003d2.0\u0026speedmaster_touch_activation_ms\u003d500\u0026sps_enable_antiscraping_rules\u003dtrue\u0026start_async_playability_lazy_dependencies\u003dtrue\u0026start_client_gcf\u003dtrue\u0026stop_handling_click_for_non_rendering_overlay_layout\u003dtrue\u0026streaming_data_emergency_itag_blacklist\u003d[]\u0026substitute_ad_cpn_macro_in_ssdai\u003dtrue\u0026suppress_error_204_logging\u003dtrue\u0026transport_use_scheduler\u003dtrue\u0026trim_adaptive_formats_signature_cipher_for_sabr_content\u003dtrue\u0026trim_adaptive_formats_url_for_media_barrier\u003dtrue\u0026tvhtml5_unplugged_preload_cache_size\u003d5\u0026use_cue_range_marker_position\u003dtrue\u0026use_event_time_ms_header\u003dtrue\u0026use_fifo_for_networkless\u003dtrue\u0026use_generated_media_keys_in_fairplay_requests\u003dtrue\u0026use_inlined_player_rpc\u003dtrue\u0026use_new_codecs_string_api\u003dtrue\u0026use_request_time_ms_header\u003dtrue\u0026use_rta_for_player\u003dtrue\u0026use_rta_for_player_hb\u003dtrue\u0026use_rta_only_for_player\u003dtrue\u0026use_session_based_sampling\u003dtrue\u0026use_simplified_remove_webm_rules\u003dtrue\u0026use_thumbnail_overlay_time_status_renderer_for_live_badge\u003dtrue\u0026use_video_playback_premium_signal\u003dtrue\u0026variable_buffer_timeout_ms\u003d0\u0026vp9_drm_live\u003dtrue\u0026vss_final_ping_send_and_write\u003dtrue\u0026vss_pings_using_networkless\u003dtrue\u0026vss_playback_use_send_and_write\u003dtrue\u0026web_add_footer_template_to_audio_track\u003dtrue\u0026web_api_url\u003dtrue\u0026web_attention_logging_scroll_throttle\u003d500.0\u0026web_big_boards\u003dtrue\u0026web_big_boards_enable_in_inline\u003dtrue\u0026web_big_boards_enable_in_miniplayer\u003dtrue\u0026web_button_view_model_non_nullish_data\u003dtrue\u0026web_button_vm_refactor_disabled\u003dtrue\u0026web_cinematic_watch_settings\u003dtrue\u0026web_client_version_override\u003d\u0026web_collect_offline_state\u003dtrue\u0026web_csi_action_sampling_enabled\u003dtrue\u0026web_csi_debug_sample_enabled\u003dtrue\u0026web_dedupe_ve_grafting\u003dtrue\u0026web_disable_chip_view_model_mutation\u003dtrue\u0026web_enable_ab_rsp_cl\u003dtrue\u0026web_enable_course_icon_update\u003dtrue\u0026web_enable_entity_upsert_on_update\u003dtrue\u0026web_enable_error_204\u003dtrue\u0026web_enable_keyboard_shortcut_for_timely_actions\u003dtrue\u0026web_enable_shopping_timely_shelf_client\u003dtrue\u0026web_enable_speedmaster\u003dtrue\u0026web_enable_timely_actions\u003dtrue\u0026web_enable_varispeed_panel\u003dtrue\u0026web_fix_fine_scrubbing_false_play\u003dtrue\u0026web_foreground_heartbeat_interval_ms\u003d28000\u0026web_forward_command_on_pbj\u003dtrue\u0026web_fullscreen_shorts\u003dtrue\u0026web_gcf_hashes_innertube\u003dtrue\u0026web_gel_debounce_ms\u003d60000\u0026web_gel_timeout_cap\u003dtrue\u0026web_heat_map_v2\u003dtrue\u0026web_hide_next_button\u003dtrue\u0026web_hide_watch_info_empty\u003dtrue\u0026web_hide_your_data_on_automotive\u003dtrue\u0026web_infocards_teaser_show_logging_fix\u003dtrue\u0026web_key_moments_markers\u003dtrue\u0026web_l3_storyboard\u003dtrue\u0026web_load_prediction_threshold\u003d0.3\u0026web_log_memory_total_kbytes\u003dtrue\u0026web_logging_max_batch\u003d150\u0026web_max_tracing_events\u003d50\u0026web_modern_buttons\u003dtrue\u0026web_navigation_prediction_threshold\u003d0.1\u0026web_new_autonav_countdown\u003dtrue\u0026web_op_signal_type_banlist\u003d[]\u0026web_playback_associated_log_ctt\u003dtrue\u0026web_playback_associated_ve\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_api_logging_fraction\u003d0.01\u0026web_player_autonav_use_server_provided_state\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_big_mode_screen_width_cutoff\u003d4001\u0026web_player_default_peeking_px\u003d0\u0026web_player_delhi_dtts\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_enable_featured_product_banner_exclusives_on_desktop\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_enable_featured_product_banner_promotion_text_on_desktop\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_enable_fullscreen_grid_components\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_enable_premium_hbr_in_h5_api\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_enable_premium_hbr_playback_cap\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_frosted_glass_blur_radius\u003d16\u0026web_player_frosted_glass_blur_radius_float\u003d16.0\u0026web_player_grid_natural_scroll\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_innertube_playlist_update\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_invisible_fullscreen_button\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_ipp_canary_type_for_logging\u003dexperiment\u0026web_player_log_click_before_generating_ve_conversion_params\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_miniplayer_in_context_menu\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_mouse_idle_wait_time_ms\u003d3000\u0026web_player_move_autonav_toggle\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_music_visualizer_treatment\u003dfake\u0026web_player_nitrate_promo_tooltip\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_offline_playlist_auto_refresh\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_overlay_positioned_layout\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_pip_logging_fix\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_playable_sequences_refactor\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_pt_tt\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_quick_hide_timeout_ms\u003d250\u0026web_player_rtr_ctrls\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_seek_chapters_by_shortcut\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_seek_overlay_additional_arrow_threshold\u003d200\u0026web_player_seek_overlay_duration_bump_scale\u003d0.9\u0026web_player_seek_overlay_linger_duration\u003d1000\u0026web_player_sentinel_is_uniplayer\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_show_music_in_this_video_graphic\u003dvideo_thumbnail\u0026web_player_spacebar_control_bugfix\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_ss_dai_ad_fetching_timeout_ms\u003d15000\u0026web_player_ss_media_time_offset\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_touch_idle_wait_time_ms\u003d4000\u0026web_player_transfer_timeout_threshold_ms\u003d10800000\u0026web_player_updated_entrypoint\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_use_cinematic_label_2\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_use_new_api_for_quality_pullback\u003dtrue\u0026web_player_use_screen_width_for_big_mode\u003dtrue\u0026web_prefetch_preload_video\u003dtrue\u0026web_progress_bar_draggable\u003dtrue\u0026web_remix_allow_up_to_3x_playback_rate\u003dtrue\u0026web_remove_broken_subscribe_endscreen\u003dtrue\u0026web_reset_lact_on_media_actions\u003dtrue\u0026web_session_replay_send_after_timeout\u003d0\u0026web_settings_menu_icons\u003dtrue\u0026web_settings_menu_surface_custom_playback\u003dtrue\u0026web_settings_use_input_slider\u003dtrue\u0026web_shorts_audio_track_picker\u003dtrue\u0026web_sleep_timer\u003dtrue\u0026web_speedmaster_spacebar_control\u003dtrue\u0026web_tracing_enabled_spans\u003d[event, command]\u0026web_tracing_session_replay\u003d0\u0026web_watch_enable_fs_squeezeback_panels\u003dtrue\u0026webpo_exit_on_net_err\u003dtrue\u0026wil_icon_max_concurrent_fetches\u003d9999\u0026wil_icon_render_when_idle\u003dtrue\u0026wiz_diff_overwritable\u003dtrue\u0026wiz_wrapper_callback_props_fix\u003dtrue\u0026woffle_enable_download_status\u003dtrue\u0026woffle_orchestration\u003dtrue\u0026write_reload_player_response_token_to_ustreamer_config_for_vod\u003dtrue\u0026ws_av1_max_height_floor\u003d0\u0026ws_av1_max_width_floor\u003d0\u0026ws_use_centralized_hqa_filter\u003dtrue\u0026wug_networking_gzip_request\u003dtrue\u0026ytcsi_debug_max_size\u003d100\u0026ytidb_remake_db_retries\u003d3\u0026ytidb_reopen_db_retries\u003d3\u0026ytidb_transaction_ended_event_rate_limit\u003d0.02","cspNonce":"1FEbiaPymPRwluOaunvWMg","canaryState":"canary","enableCsiLogging":true,"csiPageType":"watch","datasyncId":"V0afcd696||","cinematicSettingsAvailable":true,"canaryStage":"MEDIUM","trustedJsUrl":{"privateDoNotAccessOrElseTrustedResourceUrlWrappedValue":"/s/player/bcd88ad3/player_es6.vflset/en_US/base.js"},"trustedCssUrl":{"privateDoNotAccessOrElseTrustedResourceUrlWrappedValue":"/s/player/bcd88ad3/www-player.css"},"serializedClientExperimentFlags":"45713225\u003d0\u002645718175\u003d0.0\u002645718176\u003d0.0\u002645725538\u003d0.0\u002645725539\u003d0.0\u002645725540\u003d0.0\u002645725541\u003d0.0\u002645725542\u003d0.0\u002645725543\u003d0.0\u002645728334\u003d0.0\u002645728572\u003dtrue\u002645729215\u003dtrue\u002645732704\u003dtrue\u002645732791\u003dtrue\u002645735428\u003d4000.0\u002645737488\u003d0.0\u002645737489\u003d0.0\u002645739023\u003d0.0\u002645741339\u003d0.0\u002645741773\u003d0.0\u002645743228\u003d0.0\u002645746966\u003d0.0\u002645746967\u003d0.0\u002645747053\u003d0.0\u002645750947\u003d10240\u002645756201\u003dtrue\u002645756872\u003d0.0\u002645757426\u003d0.0\u002645757427\u003d0.0\u002645757750\u003d0.0\u002645757957\u003d0.0\u002645758467\u003d0.0\u002645760018\u003dtrue\u002645761760\u003d200\u002645762838\u003d0\u002645764217\u003d0.0\u002645764252\u003d0.0\u002645764523\u003d0.0\u002645764524\u003d0.0\u002645764593\u003d0.0\u002645765077\u003dtrue\u002645765568\u003d0.0\u002645765602\u003d0.0\u002645767763\u003d0.0\u002645767943\u003d0.0\u002645768340\u003d0.0\u002645768430\u003d0.0\u002645769119\u003dtrue\u002645769214\u003d0.0\u002645770001\u003d0.0\u002645770002\u003d0.0\u002645770135\u003dtrue\u002645771890\u003d0.0\u002645773603\u003d0.0\u002645773604\u003d0.0\u002645775791\u003d0.0\u002645775792\u003d0.0\u002645778663\u003d0.0\u002645778671\u003d0.0"}},"XSRF_FIELD_NAME":"session_token","XSRF_TOKEN":"QUFFLUhqbWVCcWszV0kzUVhJTXR0ci1FRm1MWnM4Rzl5QXxBQ3Jtc0trZ0RMS3dJV1VlZk95VjQ5c1RuS21pWDV6aV9aY1J2eG5pMFc1QlR2amxuNXZteGV1bXJpakFaYVB1RHpteldRaEdsQ3RNX3BrX05BZ2ZLMHdCOWYwM3QtXzdOLTdxYnBySkxja2MtaVFfZFQxLXk3TQ\u003d\u003d","YPC_MB_URL":"https://payments.youtube.com/payments/v4/js/integrator.js?ss\u003dmd","YTR_FAMILY_CREATION_URL":"https://families.google.com/webcreation?usegapi\u003d1","SERVER_VERSION":"prod","REUSE_COMPONENTS":true,"STAMPER_STABLE_LIST":true,"DATASYNC_ID":"V0afcd696||","SERIALIZED_CLIENT_CONFIG_DATA":"CPClvc8GEParsAUQvKTQHBC1pdEcEL22rgUQlP6wBRCMj9EcEPG00BwQndCwBRDXi9EcENzPgBMQibDOHBCfz4ATEODNsQUQ_NuAExCCj88cELD-0BwQtMHQHBCa-tAcEMzfrgUQlLbQHBCs9dAcEN68zhwQofjQHBCbwtAcEJaH0RwQ2vfOHBDN0bEFEPv20BwQ167QHBDLo9EcEIeszhwQ8cTQHBDL0bEFELOQzxwQvoqwBRD0itEcEPyyzhwQt4bPHBC44IATEMPegBMQ8MzPHBCsrNAcENK90BwQyPfPHBDGxs8cEMKJ0RwQmY2xBRCzkdEcEMz50BwQi_fPHBDDkdAcEOLUrgUQrtbPHBDBj9AcEIHNzhwQlIPQHBCJ6K4FEL2ZsAUQuOTOHBCmmrAFEI61gBMQiofRHBDl34ATKnBDQU1TVHhWTS1acS1ETWVVRXBVQ25BNzVGWEpEV040RGw2am1DX0N4RW9kTU1xQ3NCQVBOX3dYTHR3YjdKcEJLbnBFR2hSVEl1QVhqRnNCUjZST2VTNElvanNRQzZ2a0cxQlRMU3ZjMjctQUdIUWM9MAA%3D","LIVE_CHAT_BASE_TANGO_CONFIG":{"apiKey":"AIzaSyDZNkyC-AtROwMBpLfevIvqYk-Gfi8ZOeo","channelUri":"https://client-channel.google.com/client-channel/client","clientName":"yt-live-comments","requiresAuthToken":true,"senderUri":"https://clients4.google.com/invalidation/lcs/client","useNewTango":true},"FEXP_EXPERIMENTS":[24004644,24499534,39325854,51010235,51063643,51072748,51095478,51098299,51204329,51222973,51300176,51300241,51314158,51340662,51349914,51353393,51366423,51389629,51459470,51467676,51470301,51472205,51490331,51505436,51530495,51534669,51547388,51565116,51578633,51583821,51605258,51609829,51619706,51620867,51622845,51635955,51638932,51646450,51648336,51672162,51681662,51683502,51684560,51698285,51705976,51708061,51713176,51715023,51717747,51719112,51720353,51729218,51740148,51742377,51763897,51774882,51784587,51798928,51801292,51802233,51803128,51803199,51803587,51804539,51807293,51811903,51819635,51820067,51829421,51839674,51839732,51841270,51844842,51847710,51849664,51851862,51855288,51856590,51866874,51866997,51869208,51876388,51881461,51885343,51887880,51889002,51890561,51892086,51893373,51899026,51908397],"LIVE_CHAT_SEND_MESSAGE_ACTION":"live_chat/watch_page/send","ROOT_VE_TYPE":3832,"CLIENT_PROTOCOL":"h3","CLIENT_TRANSPORT":"quic","PLAYER_CLIENT_VERSION":"1.20260422.02.00-canary_experiment_1.20260421.04.00","TIME_CREATED_MS":1777292016794,"BUTTON_REWORK":true,"VALID_SESSION_TEMPDATA_DOMAINS":["youtu.be","youtube.com","www.youtube.com","web-green-qa.youtube.com","web-release-qa.youtube.com","web-integration-qa.youtube.com","m.youtube.com","mweb-green-qa.youtube.com","mweb-release-qa.youtube.com","mweb-integration-qa.youtube.com","studio.youtube.com","studio-green-qa.youtube.com","studio-integration-qa.youtube.com"],"WORKER_PERFORMANCE_URL":{"privateDoNotAccessOrElseTrustedResourceUrlWrappedValue":"/s/desktop/40cd5ddc/jsbin/worker-performance.vflset/worker-performance.js"},"RAW_COLD_CONFIG_GROUP":{"configData":"CPClvc8GEL22rgUQ4tSuBRDT4a8FEMn3rwUQiIewBRC-irAFEJ3QsAUQz9KwBRDj-LAFEK-nzhwQ_LLOHBCzkM8cEM6s0BwQsP7QHBDYgtEcEPuO0RwQhI_RHBDLj9EcEJKR0RwQs5HRHBDjl9EcEKGe0RwQv6PRHBDLo9EcEI-p0RwQ2KrRHBoyQUtJR0lrSlQ5b2Z6dzE1a1E4QmMzODA3NnVJa3dPQ0VKZ2JJQ3J5WnRQeVlRZ1FqU0EiMkFLSUdJa0pUOW9mencxNWtROEJjMzgwNzZ1SWt3T0NFSmdiSUNyeVp0UHlZUWdRalNBKrwBQ0FNU2hnRU5NcmpkdHdLa0dlOHB4emFaa3BvUS14YU5OdjRqbXhwcU5QWVlxQUxaRjdBTnJRM09BcG9GREp3bG13clZFSllPdWdHYUFzZ0NGVXFtM3JVZmtad0YxY1lFbEp3RXo4SUFqNmNHX2RRR01zLUFCZG1rQmdPcDZRVEdDZk1EaU9RRnkwb0VrcjRHLTNTVk1RYmhTS2RQbUJ1ekJ2NnpCSWU3QnVpZkJLdkVCZ1VGNGpfVFdnPT0%3D","mainAppColdConfig":{"iosSsoSafariFsiPromoEnabled":true,"iosTodayWidgetEnabled":false,"iosEnableDynamicFontSizing":false,"enableMobileAutoOffline":false,"androidEnablePip":false,"postsV2":false,"enableDetailedNetworkStatusReporting":false,"hourToReportNetworkStatus":0,"networkStatusReportingWindowSecs":0,"iosSearchviewRefactoryEnabled":false,"ngwFlexyEnabled":false,"iosWatchExpandTransitionWithoutSnapshot":false,"androidNgwUiEnabled":false,"androidThumbnailMonitorEnabled":false,"androidThumbnailMonitorCount":0,"androidThumbnailMonitorMinimumWidth":0,"enableGhostCards":false,"enableInlineMuted":false,"ngwFlexyMaxCropRatio":1.0,"androidRestoreBrowseContentsFromBackStack":false,"searchHintExp":"search_youtube"},"experimentFlags":{"45390898":{"doubleFlagValue":0.8},"45374306":{"booleanFlagValue":true},"45423919":{"booleanFlagValue":true},"45358145":{"booleanFlagValue":true},"45399459":{"booleanFlagValue":true},"45624446":{"booleanFlagValue":true},"45410777":{"stringFlagValue":"test2"},"45364993":{"booleanFlagValue":true},"45351910":{"booleanFlagValue":true},"45387332":{"booleanFlagValue":true},"45738856":{"intFlagValue":-4000},"45731194":{"booleanFlagValue":true},"45409727":{"booleanFlagValue":true},"45460730":{"booleanFlagValue":true},"45664500":{"booleanFlagValue":true},"45532296":{"booleanFlagValue":true},"45414700":{"booleanFlagValue":true},"45768078":{"booleanFlagValue":true},"45379475":{"booleanFlagValue":true},"45390708":{"booleanFlagValue":true},"45623076":{"booleanFlagValue":true},"45707137":{"booleanFlagValue":true},"45721490":{"booleanFlagValue":true},"45410776":{"intFlagValue":2},"45751204":{"booleanFlagValue":true},"45723105":{"booleanFlagValue":true},"45620519":{"booleanFlagValue":true},"45620945":{"booleanFlagValue":true},"45719163":{"booleanFlagValue":true},"45726335":{"bytesFlagValue":"CgswOmxvZ19ldmVudAoSMDpwbGF5ZXIvaGVhcnRiZWF0CgoxMDA6cGxheWVyCgkxMjA6d2F0Y2gKDTEyMDpnZXRfd2F0Y2g\u003d"},"45387236":{"booleanFlagValue":true},"45765124":{"booleanFlagValue":true},"45711156":{"booleanFlagValue":true},"45732740":{"booleanFlagValue":true},"45629813":{"booleanFlagValue":true},"45717071":{"booleanFlagValue":true},"45642069":{"booleanFlagValue":true},"45744652":{"booleanFlagValue":true},"45743379":{"booleanFlagValue":true},"45770589":{"booleanFlagValue":true},"45622882":{"booleanFlagValue":true},"45407731":{"booleanFlagValue":true},"45743865":{"booleanFlagValue":true},"45620946":{"stringFlagValue":"https://youtubei-att.googleapis.com/"},"45743870":{"booleanFlagValue":true},"45370188":{"intFlagValue":536870912},"45767526":{"booleanFlagValue":true},"45685672":{"booleanFlagValue":true},"45616866":{"booleanFlagValue":true},"45545471":{"booleanFlagValue":true},"45366266":{"intFlagValue":60000},"45388742":{"booleanFlagValue":true},"45400202":{"booleanFlagValue":true},"45386074":{"booleanFlagValue":true},"45733724":{"booleanFlagValue":true},"45381478":{"booleanFlagValue":true},"45375565":{"booleanFlagValue":true},"45410774":{"booleanFlagValue":true},"45358110":{"booleanFlagValue":true},"45368787":{"intFlagValue":200},"45351692":{"booleanFlagValue":true},"45424595":{"booleanFlagValue":true},"45716770":{"booleanFlagValue":true},"45385711":{"booleanFlagValue":true},"45692272":{"booleanFlagValue":true},"45370189":{"intFlagValue":20737418240},"45718893":{"intFlagValue":130},"45428086":{"booleanFlagValue":true},"45776185":{"booleanFlagValue":true},"45368386":{"booleanFlagValue":true},"45731227":{"booleanFlagValue":true},"45744375":{"booleanFlagValue":true},"45366267":{"intFlagValue":1},"45372814":{"booleanFlagValue":true},"45690537":{"booleanFlagValue":true},"45731490":{"booleanFlagValue":true},"45716451":{"booleanFlagValue":true},"45366268":{"doubleFlagValue":1.0},"45726957":{"booleanFlagValue":true},"45375564":{"booleanFlagValue":true},"45352180":{"booleanFlagValue":true},"45374860":{"booleanFlagValue":true},"45697267":{"booleanFlagValue":true},"45709856":{"intFlagValue":500},"45367987":{"booleanFlagValue":true},"45370961":{"booleanFlagValue":true},"45429079":{"booleanFlagValue":true},"45688529":{"booleanFlagValue":true},"45407330":{"booleanFlagValue":true}}},"RAW_HOT_CONFIG_GROUP":{"mainAppHotConfig":{"iosWatchExpandTransition":false,"iosEarlySetWatchTransition":false,"exposeConfigRefreshSetting":false,"iosEnableSearchButtonOnPlayerOverlay":false,"iosMinimumTooltipDurationMsecs":1000,"iosFreshHomeIntervalSecs":0,"iosFreshSubscriptionsIntervalSecs":0,"iosTodayWidgetRefreshIntervalSecs":28800,"iosFreshNotificationsInboxIntervalSecs":0,"signedOutNotificationsIosPrompt":true,"iosFreshFullRefresh":false},"loggingHotConfig":{"eventLoggingConfig":{"enabled":true,"payloadPolicies":[{"enabled":true,"payloadNumber":219,"tier":"DELAYED_EVENT_TIER_FAST"},{"enabled":true,"payloadNumber":446,"tier":"DELAYED_EVENT_TIER_FAST"},{"enabled":true,"payloadNumber":469,"tier":"DELAYED_EVENT_TIER_FAST"},{"enabled":true,"payloadNumber":6,"tier":"DELAYED_EVENT_TIER_DISPATCH_TO_EMPTY"},{"enabled":true,"payloadNumber":5,"tier":"DELAYED_EVENT_TIER_DISPATCH_TO_EMPTY"},{"enabled":true,"payloadNumber":7,"tier":"DELAYED_EVENT_TIER_DISPATCH_TO_EMPTY"},{"enabled":true,"payloadNumber":434,"tier":"DELAYED_EVENT_TIER_DISPATCH_TO_EMPTY"}],"maxAgeHours":720,"requestRetryEnabled":true,"retryConfig":{"fixedBatchRetryEnabled":false},"shouldForceSetAllPayloadsToImmediateTier":false},"csiConfig":{"loggingUrl":{"baseUrl":"https://www.youtube.com/csi_204"},"iosHomeActionThroughCsi204Enabled":false,"browseActionThroughCsi204Enabled":true,"browseActionThroughGelEnabled":false,"debugSampleWeight":10,"debugTicks":[{"tickName":"ada"},{"tickName":"ais_a"},{"tickName":"ais_r"},{"tickName":"arb_f"},{"tickName":"ari"},{"tickName":"fab_r"},{"tickName":"fcb_r"},{"tickName":"fvb"},{"tickName":"fvb_r"},{"tickName":"gv"},{"tickName":"mb_s"},{"tickName":"nreqs"},{"tickName":"nrese"},{"tickName":"oafs_r"},{"tickName":"ogpd"},{"tickName":"omd_c"},{"tickName":"omd_s"},{"tickName":"omp_c"},{"tickName":"omp_r"},{"tickName":"oprd_c"},{"tickName":"oprd_s"},{"tickName":"oprr"},{"tickName":"or_fs"},{"tickName":"or_p"},{"tickName":"or100k"},{"tickName":"orf"},{"tickName":"orfb"},{"tickName":"orh_r"},{"tickName":"ormk"},{"tickName":"orpr"},{"tickName":"osor"},{"tickName":"ovfs_r"},{"tickName":"pl_c"},{"tickName":"r_wrr"},{"tickName":"r_wrs"},{"tickName":"vda"},{"tickName":"vis_a"},{"tickName":"vis_r"},{"tickName":"vrb_f"},{"tickName":"vri"}]}},"adsHotConfig":{"webEnablePremiumAdsSeenLogging":true,"h5EnablePremiumAdsSeenEventFiltering":false},"experimentFlags":{"45616522":{"booleanFlagValue":true},"45622564":{"booleanFlagValue":true},"45360864":{"booleanFlagValue":true},"45356979":{"booleanFlagValue":true},"45362297":{"booleanFlagValue":true},"45377081":{"booleanFlagValue":true},"45355378":{"booleanFlagValue":true},"45367289":{"doubleFlagValue":2.0},"45410773":{"stringFlagValue":"test"},"45375445":{"booleanFlagValue":true},"45353338":{"booleanFlagValue":true},"45410769":{"booleanFlagValue":true},"45362386":{"booleanFlagValue":true},"45745455":{"booleanFlagValue":true},"45368949":{"booleanFlagValue":true},"45368011":{"booleanFlagValue":true},"45696211":{"intFlagValue":300000},"45365137":{"booleanFlagValue":true},"45382142":{"booleanFlagValue":true},"45745051":{"booleanFlagValue":true},"45670479":{"intFlagValue":300000},"45410771":{"intFlagValue":1},"45366943":{"booleanFlagValue":true},"45368132":{"booleanFlagValue":true}},"adsSeenHotConfig":{"logOnAdsSeen":false}},"SERIALIZED_HOT_HASH_DATA":"CPClvc8GEhM0NTE5MDg5NTU5NTU3NjUwMzYxGPClvc8GKJTk_BIopdD9EijIyv4SKLfq_hIokJuAEyjYsIATKI61gBMo3M-AEyjh1IATKJnXgBMop9mAEyj824ATKPfdgBMo_t2AEyid34ATKOXfgBMouOCAEzIyQUtJR0lrSlQ5b2Z6dzE1a1E4QmMzODA3NnVJa3dPQ0VKZ2JJQ3J5WnRQeVlRZ1FqU0E6MkFLSUdJa0pUOW9mencxNWtROEJjMzgwNzZ1SWt3T0NFSmdiSUNyeVp0UHlZUWdRalNBQkRDQU1TTGcwVW90ZjZGYTdCQnEyeUJxTUVvZ0FDamdhbUFSVVEzY19DREpXTkRxbVI1Z3ZjdXktd3lRUUd2aXlwcHdVPQ%3D%3D","SERIALIZED_COLD_HASH_DATA":"CPClvc8GEhQxODI2NDg4NDE0NDI1Njc1NzY4Nxjwpb3PBjIyQUtJR0lrSlQ5b2Z6dzE1a1E4QmMzODA3NnVJa3dPQ0VKZ2JJQ3J5WnRQeVlRZ1FqU0E6MkFLSUdJa0pUOW9mencxNWtROEJjMzgwNzZ1SWt3T0NFSmdiSUNyeVp0UHlZUWdRalNBQrwBQ0FNU2hnRU5NcmpkdHdLa0dlOHB4emFaa3BvUS14YU5OdjRqbXhwcU5QWVlxQUxaRjdBTnJRM09BcG9GREp3bG13clZFSllPdWdHYUFzZ0NGVXFtM3JVZmtad0YxY1lFbEp3RXo4SUFqNmNHX2RRR01zLUFCZG1rQmdPcDZRVEdDZk1EaU9RRnkwb0VrcjRHLTNTVk1RYmhTS2RQbUJ1ekJ2NnpCSWU3QnVpZkJLdkVCZ1VGNGpfVFdnPT0%3D","PERSIST_IDENTITY_IFRAME_URL":{"privateDoNotAccessOrElseTrustedResourceUrlWrappedValue":"https://studio.youtube.com/persist_identity"},"WORKER_SERIALIZATION_URL":{"privateDoNotAccessOrElseTrustedResourceUrlWrappedValue":"/s/desktop/40cd5ddc/jsbin/worker-serialization.vflset/worker-serialization.js"},"LOTTIE_URL":{"privateDoNotAccessOrElseTrustedResourceUrlWrappedValue":"https://www.youtube.com/s/desktop/40cd5ddc/jsbin/lottie-light.vflset/lottie-light.js"},"IS_DBSC":false,"VISIBILITY_TIME_BETWEEN_JOBS_MS":100,"START_IN_THEATER_MODE":false,"START_IN_FULL_WINDOW_MODE":false,"SERVICE_WORKER_PROMPT_NOTIFICATIONS":true,"SBOX_LABELS":{"SUGGESTION_DISMISS_LABEL":"Remove","SUGGESTION_DISMISSED_LABEL":"Suggestion removed"},"ONE_PICK_URL":"","NO_EMPTY_DATA_IMG":true,"MENTIONS_EDU_HELP_LINK":"https://support.google.com/youtube/?p\u003dcreator_community","IS_WATCH_PAGE_COLD":true,"DEFERRED_DETACH":true,"RECAPTCHA_V3_SITEKEY":"6LedoOcUAAAAAHA4CFG9zRpaCNjYj33SYjzQ9cTy","PLAYER_JS_URL":"/s/player/bcd88ad3/player_es6.vflset/en_US/base.js","PLAYER_CSS_URL":"/s/player/bcd88ad3/www-player.css","LINK_GAL_DOMAIN":"https://accountlinking-pa-clients6.youtube.com","LINK_OIS_DOMAIN":"oauthintegrations-clients6.youtube.com","IS_TABLET":false,"LINK_API_KEY":"AIzaSyDophAQuyyiBr8h0nypEwXUKozH-BEswD0","DISABLE_WARM_LOADS":false,"ZWIEBACK_PING_URLS":["https://www.google.com/pagead/lvz?evtid\u003dACd6KtxXo2_AQRggJrdoywGsAVqDMjlHm1ua3WYf0Irh0yJKJNVzoHR_va8O_YOua0VXBxlD_KgO5zGyV16_9aCCY0OE0-XZBg\u0026req_ts\u003d1777292017\u0026pg\u003dMainAppBootstrap%3AWatch\u0026az\u003d1\u0026sigh\u003dAB9vU40Excrkye862h-zjsuHniSv7KAFPw","https://www.google.com.np/pagead/lvz?evtid\u003dACd6KtxXo2_AQRggJrdoywGsAVqDMjlHm1ua3WYf0Irh0yJKJNVzoHR_va8O_YOua0VXBxlD_KgO5zGyV16_9aCCY0OE0-XZBg\u0026req_ts\u003d1777292017\u0026pg\u003dMainAppBootstrap%3AWatch\u0026az\u003d1\u0026sigh\u003dAB9vU40Excrkye862h-zjsuHniSv7KAFPw"],"VOZ_API_KEY":"AIzaSyBU2xE_JHvB6wag3tMfhxXpg2Q_W8xnM-I","STS":20565,"SBOX_SETTINGS":{"HAS_ON_SCREEN_KEYBOARD":false,"IS_FUSION":false,"IS_POLYMER":true,"REQUEST_DOMAIN":"np","REQUEST_LANGUAGE":"en","SEND_VISITOR_DATA":true,"SEARCHBOX_BEHAVIOR_EXPERIMENT":"zero-prefix","SEARCHBOX_ENABLE_REFINEMENT_SUGGEST":false,"SEARCHBOX_TAP_TARGET_EXPERIMENT":0,"SEARCHBOX_ZERO_TYPING_SUGGEST_USE_REGULAR_SUGGEST":"always","SUGG_EXP_ID":"ytqshszpd_e1,ytpo.bo.me\u003d1,ytposo.bo.me\u003d1,ytpo.bo.ei\u003d51826751,ytposo.bo.ei\u003d51826751,ytpo.bo.ro.mp\u003d750,ytposo.bo.ro.mp\u003d750,ytpo.bo.ro.mn\u003d750,ytposo.bo.ro.mn\u003d750,ytpo.bo.ro.mps\u003d750,ytposo.bo.ro.mps\u003d750,ytpo.bo.ro.mns\u003d750,ytposo.bo.ro.mns\u003d750,ytpo.bo.zo.ms\u003d0,ytposo.bo.zo.ms\u003d0,ymo.ei\u003d51889002","VISITOR_DATA":"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%3D%3D","SEARCHBOX_HOST_OVERRIDE":"suggestqueries-clients6.youtube.com","HIDE_REMOVE_LINK":false},"LINK_API_KEY_REDIRECT":"AIzaSyDVDUqts7CooOWu_Yyc_8s4f8Ywc-Oj9H4"}); window.ytcfg.obfuscatedData_ = [];var setMessage=function(msg){if(window.yt&&yt.setMsg)yt.setMsg(msg);else{window.ytcfg=window.ytcfg||{};ytcfg.msgs=msg}}; setMessage({"ABOUT_CATEGORY_TITLE":"About","ADDED_TO_QUEUE":"Added to queue","ADD_TO_DROPDOWN_LABEL":"Save to...","AD_BADGE_TEXT":"Ad","AD_TITLE":"Ad: $title.","AI_SEARCHBOX_PLACEHOLDER":"Search or ask a question","AI_SUGGEST_EXPLORE_HEADER":"Explore with AI Mode","AI_SUGGEST_TEXT":"AI Mode","AI_SUGGEST_TRY_AI_HEADER":"Try AI Mode","ASK_YOUTUBE_SUGGEST_EXPLORE_HEADER":"Explore with Ask YouTube","ASK_YOUTUBE_SUGGEST_TEXT":"Ask YouTube","ASK_YOUTUBE_SUGGEST_TRY_HEADER":"Ask YouTube","AUDIO_TRACK":"Audio Track","AUTO_TRANSLATE":"Auto-translate","BACK_ALT_LABEL":"Back","BACK_ONLINE":"Back online","CANCEL":"Cancel","CAPTION_OFF_TOAST":"Subtitles/CC turned off","CAPTION_ON_TOAST":"Subtitles/CC turned on","CHARACTER_LIMIT":"Use fewer than $number characters","CHECK_CONNECTION_OR_DOWNLOADS":"Please check your connection or watch your downloaded videos.","CHIP_BAR_ALT_LABEL":"More videos","CLEAR":"Clear","CLOSE":"Close","CLOSED_CAPTIONS_DISABLED":"No captions are available for this video","CLOSED_CAPTIONS_OFF":"Subtitles/CC turned off","CLOSED_CAPTIONS_ON":"Subtitles/CC turned on","COMMENTS":"Comments","COMMENTS_OFF":"Comments are turned off.","COMMENT_LABEL":"Comment","CONNECT_TO_THE_INTERNET":"Connect to the internet","CONTINUE_WATCHING":"Continue watching","COPY_LINK_SUCCESS_TOAST":"Link copied to clipboard","DELETE":"Delete","DELETED_PLAYLIST":"Playlist deleted from downloads.","DELETED_VIDEO":"Video deleted from downloads.","DELETE_ALL_DOWNLOADS_PROMPT":"Delete all downloads?","DELETE_FROM_DOWNLOADS":"Remove from downloads","DELETING_ALL":"Downloads are being deleted","DISLIKE_LABEL":"Dislike","DISMISS":"Dismiss","DMA_CONSENT_CONFIRMATION":"Your choice will take effect on March 6, 2024. You can change your choices anytime in your Google Account.","DMA_CONSENT_CONFIRMATION2":"Your choices have been saved. You can change your choices anytime in your Google Account.","DMA_CONSENT_GENERAL_ERROR":"Something went wrong while loading","DMA_CONSENT_RECORD_ERROR":"Something went wrong and your choices were not saved","DOWNLOAD":"Download","DOWNLOADED":"Downloaded","DOWNLOADING":"Downloading","DOWNLOADING_PERCENT":"Downloading... $percent%","DOWNLOADS":"Downloads","DOWNLOADS_AVAILABILITY":"Downloads remain available as long as your device has an active internet connection at least once every 30 days.","DOWNLOADS_SETTINGS":"Downloads Settings","DOWNLOAD_AGAIN":"Download again","DOWNLOAD_AGAIN_WHEN_ONLINE":"Download this video again when you are online","DOWNLOAD_EXPIRED":"Download expired","DOWNLOAD_PAUSED":"Download paused","DOWNLOAD_QUALITY":"Download Quality","DOWNLOAD_UNAVAILABLE":"Download unavailable. Try a different video.","DOWNLOAD_UNPLAYABLE":"Video unavailable offline","EDIT_AVATAR_LABEL":"Edit profile picture","EDU_GOT_IT":"Got It","END_OF_PLAYLIST":"End of playlist","ENTER_DATE_OR_EARLIER":"Enter $allowed_date or earlier","ENTER_DATE_OR_LATER":"Enter $allowed_date or later","EPHEMERAL_ACTION_ANNOUNCEMENT":"${label}. ${shortcut} to activate.","EPHEMERAL_ACTION_FOCUS_ANNOUNCEMENT":"${label}. ${shortcut} for more information.","EXIT":"Exit","FREEBIE_JOIN_MEMBERSHIP_EDU_TEXT":"This channel offers a membership which you can join for free with YouTube Premium","FULLSCREEN_ENTER_LABEL":"Enter Full Screen (f)","FULLSCREEN_EXIT_LABEL":"Exit Full Screen (f)","GET_PREMIUM":"Get Premium","GO_TO_DOWNLOADS":"Go to downloads","GUIDE_ALT_LABEL":"Guide","HORIZONTAL_LIST_NEXT_LABEL":"Next","HORIZONTAL_LIST_PREVIOUS_LABEL":"Previous","IMAGE_HORIZONTAL_POSITION_LABEL":"The center of the preview is $x_percent% from the left and $y_percent% from the right.","IMAGE_VERTICAL_POSITION_LABEL":"The center of the preview is $x_percent% from the top and $y_percent% from the bottom.","INVALID_DATE_ERROR":"Invalid Date","JOIN_MEMBERSHIP_EDU_TEXT":"Get access to exclusive perks when you purchase a membership to this channel.","JOIN_MEMBERSHIP_EDU_TITLE":"Membership","KEEP_OPEN":"Keep this window open to continue","LEARN_MORE":"Learn more","LIBRARY_GUIDE_ITEM_EDU_TEXT":"Find your history, playlists, purchases, and more","LIBRARY_GUIDE_ITEM_EDU_TITLE":"Check out your new Library","LIKE_LABEL":"Like","LOADING":"Loading...","LOCAL_TIME_LABEL":"Local Time","LOGO_ALT_LABEL":"YouTube Home","MAIN_APP_WEB_COMMENT_TEASER_TOOLTIP":"Click here to read comments while watching the video.","MANAGE_MEMBERSHIP_EDU_TEXT":"Access your benefits and manage your membership from here.","MENTIONS_EDU_TEXT":"Go to the Help Center to see how mentions work on YouTube.","MENTIONS_EDU_TITLE":"Learn more","METAPANEL_ABOUT_TITLE":"About","MINIPLAYER_CLOSE":"Close player","MINIPLAYER_COLLAPSE_LABEL":"Collapse","MINIPLAYER_EXPAND_LABEL":"Expand","MINI_GUIDE_ENTRY_SUBMENU_COLLAPSED_ARIAL_LABEL":"${label} submenu, collapsed","MINI_GUIDE_ENTRY_SUBMENU_EXPANDED_ARIAL_LABEL":"${label} submenu, expanded","MMG_CONFIRMATION":"Your choice has been saved. You can change this setting anytime in My Ad Center.","MMG_CONSENT_RECORD_ERROR":"Something went wrong and your choice was not saved","MORE_LIKE_THIS":"More like this","MUTE_VOLUME":"Mute","NAVIGATION_CONFIRMATION_DESCRIPTION":"Are you sure you want to exit the page?","NAVIGATION_CONFIRMATION_TITLE":"Exit page?","NEXT_MONTH_LABEL":"Next month","NEXT_VIDEO_LABEL":"Next video","NOT_AVAILABLE":"Not available","NOT_NOW":"Not now","NO_ANGLE_BRACKET_LABEL":"Playlist title cannot contain \u003c or \u003e","NO_DOWNLOADS":"No downloads","NO_INTERNET_CONNECTION":"No internet connection","OFFLINE_CHECK_CONNECTION":"You\u0027re offline. Check your connection.","OPEN_IN_MINIPLAYER":"Open in Miniplayer","OPEN_IN_PANEL":"Open in panel","PAUSE_DOWNLOADING":"Pause downloading","PLAYBACK_SPEED_X":"${speed_rate_placeholder}x","PLAYER_CAPTION":"Captions","PLAYER_CAPTION_OFF":"Off","PLAYER_FASTFORWARD_SECONDS":"Fast forward $seconds_placeholder seconds","PLAYER_LABEL_MUTE":"Mute (m)","PLAYER_LABEL_PAUSE":"Pause (k)","PLAYER_LABEL_PLAY":"Play (k)","PLAYER_LABEL_UNMUTE":"Unmute (m)","PLAYER_LIVE_LABEL":"Live","PLAYER_SECONDS":"$seconds_placeholder seconds","PLAYER_SPEED":"Speed","PLAYER_SPEED_DECREASE":"Decrease playback speed","PLAYER_SPEED_INCREASE":"Increase playback speed","PLAYER_SPEED_NORMAL":"Normal","PLAYER_SPEED_RECENT":"Recent","PLAYER_TIME_ELAPSED":"Time elapsed","PLAYLIST_NEXT_VIDEO_TITLE":"Next: $video_title","PLAY_ALL":"Play all","PREMIUM_BADGE_LABEL":"Premium","PREPARING_TO_DOWNLOAD":"Preparing to download...","PREVIOUS_MONTH_LABEL":"Previous month","PREVIOUS_VIDEO_LABEL":"Previous video","QUEUE":"Queue","QUEUE_CLEARED":"{count,plural, \u003d1{1 video in the queue removed}other{# videos in the queue removed}}","QUEUE_CLEARED_UNPLURALIZED":"Queue cleared","QUEUE_CLOSE_MINIPLAYER_CONFIRM_BODY_TEXT":"Are you sure you want to close the player?","QUEUE_CLOSE_MINIPLAYER_CONFIRM_TITLE":"Queue will be cleared","QUEUE_RECOVER_BUTTON":"Restore","QUEUE_RECOVER_MESSAGE":"Recover queue","REACH_BOTTOM_OF_IMAGE_TEXT":"You have reached the bottom of the image","REACH_LEFT_OF_IMAGE_TEXT":"You have reached the left of the image","REACH_RIGHT_OF_IMAGE_TEXT":"You have reached the right of the image","REACH_TOP_OF_IMAGE_TEXT":"You have reached the top of the image","REMEMBER_MY_SETTINGS":"Remember my settings","REMEMBER_MY_SETTINGS_N_DAYS":"Remember my settings for $days_till_expired days.","REMIX_LABEL":"Remix","REPOSITION_IMAGE_HORIZONTALLY_LABEL":"Use left and right arrow keys to reposition the preview","REPOSITION_IMAGE_VERTICALLY_LABEL":"Use up and down arrow keys to reposition the preview","REQUIRED_LABEL":"Required","RESUME_DOWNLOAD":"Resume download","RETRY":"Retry","SBOX_INAPPROPRIATE_ADDITIONAL":"Provide additional details (optional)","SBOX_INAPPROPRIATE_CANCEL":"Cancel","SBOX_INAPPROPRIATE_CATEGORY":"The selected predictions are:","SBOX_INAPPROPRIATE_DANGEROUS":"Dangerous and harmful activity","SBOX_INAPPROPRIATE_EXPLICIT":"Sexually explicit","SBOX_INAPPROPRIATE_HATEFUL":"Hateful","SBOX_INAPPROPRIATE_OTHER":"Other","SBOX_INAPPROPRIATE_PROMPT":"Report search predictions","SBOX_INAPPROPRIATE_REASON":"Reason (required)","SBOX_INAPPROPRIATE_REPORT":"Report","SBOX_INAPPROPRIATE_SUBMIT":"Submit","SBOX_INAPPROPRIATE_SUGGESTIONS":"Select predictions you would like to report:","SBOX_INAPPROPRIATE_TITLE":"Report search predictions","SBOX_INAPPROPRIATE_TOAST":"Thanks for your feedback!","SBOX_INAPPROPRIATE_VIOLENT":"Violent","SBOX_PLACEHOLDER":"Search","SBOX_VOICE_OVERLAY_PLACEHOLDER":"Listening...","SEARCH_APPEND_LABEL":"Append suggestion to search field","SEARCH_ENTITY_SUGGESTION_ALBUM":"Album by ${artist}","SEARCH_ENTITY_SUGGESTION_ALBUM_NO_ARTIST":"Album","SEARCH_ENTITY_SUGGESTION_MOVIE":"Movie","SEARCH_ENTITY_SUGGESTION_SONG":"Song by ${artist}","SEARCH_ENTITY_SUGGESTION_SONG_NO_ARTIST":"Song","SEARCH_ENTITY_SUGGESTION_TV_SHOW":"TV show","SEEK_SLIDER":"Seek slider","SETTINGS":"Settings","SET_PLAYBACK_SPEED_X":"${speed_rate_placeholder}x speed","SHARE_LABEL":"Share","SHARE_POST_EDU_TEXT":"Now you can share posts on YouTube","SHIFT_PLUS_ENTER":"Shift + Enter","SHOW_LESS":"Show less","SHOW_MORE":"Show more","SIGN_IN_LABEL":"Sign in","SLEEP_TIMER_ADD_TIME_LABEL":"Add time","SLEEP_TIMER_DISRUPTED":"Sleep timer has been turned off","SLEEP_TIMER_ENDED_TEXT":"We hope you\u0027re fast asleep, but you can always add more time","SLEEP_TIMER_ENDED_TITLE":"Time\u0027s up","SMART_DOWNLOADS":"Smart downloads","SMART_DOWNLOADS_UPDATING":"Updating Smart downloads...","SMART_DOWNLOADS_UPDATING_RATIO":"Updating Smart downloads... $downloaded/$total","STORAGE_FULL":"Storage full","SUBSCRIBE_LABEL":"Subscribe","SUBS_FILTER_EDU_CHANNEL_TEXT":"Now showing new videos from this channel.","SUBS_FILTER_EDU_TEXT":"See new videos from each channel","SUBS_GUIDE_ITEM_EDU_TEXT":"See new videos from all of your subscriptions","SUGGESTION_NEW_VIDEOS_TEXT":"New videos","SUGGESTION_THUMBNAIL_ATTRIBUTION_DIALOG_BUTTON_LABEL":"Visit source","SUGGESTION_THUMBNAIL_ATTRIBUTION_DIALOG_DESCRIPTION":"Visit image source website?","SUGGESTION_THUMBNAIL_ATTRIBUTION_DIALOG_TITLE":"Image source","SUGGESTION_THUMBNAIL_ATTRIBUTION_LABEL":"View image source","SUGGESTION_THUMBNAIL_LABEL":"Image for suggestion","SUGGEST_MORE_RECENT_SEARCHES":"More recent searches","TIMEZONE_FORMAT":"($utc_offset_text) $city_name","TIME_HOURS":{"case1":"1 hr","other":"# hr"},"TIME_HOURS_MINUTES":"$hours hr $minutes min","TIME_LEFT_HOURS":{"case1":"1 hr left","other":"# hr left"},"TIME_LEFT_HOURS_MINUTES":"$hours hr $minutes min left","TIME_LEFT_MINUTES":"$minutes min left","TIME_MINUTES":"$minutes min","TRANSFER_FAILED":"Download failed","TRY_AGAIN_LATER":"Something went wrong. Please try again later.","TURN_ON":"Turn on","UNABLE_TO_LOAD_SEARCH_OVERVIEW":"Sorry, but we are unable to load an overview for this search.","UNAVAILABLE_OFFLINE":"Unavailable offline","UNDO":"Undo","UNDO_ACTION":"Undo","UNMUTE_VOLUME":"Unmute","UPDATED_TIME":"Updated $relative_time","UPDATE_SMART_DOWNLOADS_NOW":"Update now","UPDATING":"Updating...","UTC_OFFSET_FORMAT":"GMT$utc_offset","VIDEOS_DOWNLOADING":{"case1":"Downloading 1 video...","other":"Downloading # videos..."},"VIDEOS_DOWNLOADING_RATIO":"Downloading... $downloaded/$total","VIDEOS_WILL_APPEAR_HERE":"Videos you download will appear here","VIDEO_ACTION_MENU":"Action menu","VIDEO_COUNT":{"case1":"1 video","other":"# videos"},"VIDEO_UNAVAILABLE":"Video unavailable","VIEW_ALL":"View all","VIEW_DOWNLOADS":"View","VIEW_FULL_PLAYLIST":"View full playlist","VIEW_REPLIES":"View replies","VOLUME":"Volume","VOTING_ANIMATION_CONTINUATION_TOAST_MESSAGE":"Video moved down","VOTING_ANIMATION_DOWN_TOAST_MESSAGE":{"case1":"Video moved down 1 spot","other":"Video moved down # spots"},"VOTING_ANIMATION_UP_TOAST_MESSAGE":{"case1":"Video moved up 1 spot","other":"Video moved up # spots"},"WAITING_FOR_INTERNET":"Waiting for internet connection...","WAITING_TO_DOWNLOAD":"Waiting to download...","YOUR_DOWNLOADS":"Your downloads","YOUTUBE_LOGO_ALT":"YouTube Logo","YOU_ARE_OFFLINE":"You are offline","__lang__":"en"});})();ytcfg.set("initialInnerWidth",window.innerWidth);ytcfg.set("initialInnerHeight",window.innerHeight); if (window.ytcsi) {window.ytcsi.tick('lpcf', null, '');}window.ytAtP = new Promise(res => window.ytAtN = res); window.addEventListener('DOMContentLoaded', () => {window.ytAtN(); delete window.ytAtN;});if (window.ytcsi) {window.ytcsi.tick('csl', null, '');}if (document.fonts && document.fonts.load) {document.fonts.load("400 10pt Roboto", ""); document.fonts.load("500 10pt Roboto", "");}body{padding:0;margin:0;overflow-y:scroll}body.autoscroll{overflow-y:auto}body.no-scroll{overflow:hidden}body.no-y-scroll{overflow-y:hidden}.hidden{display:none}textarea{--paper-input-container-input_-_white-space:pre-wrap}.grecaptcha-badge{visibility:hidden}ytd-masthead.shell{background-color:#fff!important;position:fixed;top:0;right:0;left:0;display:-ms-flex;display:-webkit-flex;display:-webkit-box;display:-moz-box;display:-ms-flexbox;display:flex;height:56px;-ms-flex-align:center;-webkit-align-items:center;-webkit-box-align:center;-moz-box-align:center;align-items:center}ytd-masthead.shell #menu-icon{margin-left:16px}ytd-app>ytd-masthead.chunked{position:fixed;top:0;width:100%}ytd-masthead.shell.dark,ytd-masthead.shell.theater{background-color:#0f0f0f!important}ytd-masthead.shell.full-window-mode{background-color:#0f0f0f!important;opacity:0;-webkit-transform:translateY(calc(-100% - 5px));transform:translateY(calc(-100% - 5px))}ytd-masthead.shell>:first-child{padding-left:16px}ytd-masthead.shell>:last-child{padding-right:16px}ytd-masthead #masthead-logo{display:-ms-flex;display:-webkit-flex;display:-webkit-box;display:-moz-box;display:-ms-flexbox;display:flex}ytd-masthead #masthead-logo #country-code{margin-right:2px}ytd-masthead.shell #yt-logo-red-svg,ytd-masthead.shell #yt-logo-red-updated-svg,ytd-masthead.shell #yt-logo-svg,ytd-masthead.shell #yt-logo-updated-svg{-webkit-align-self:center;-ms-flex-item-align:center;align-self:center;margin-left:8px;padding:0;color:#000}ytd-masthead.shell #a11y-skip-nav{display:none}ytd-masthead.shell svg{width:40px;height:40px;padding:8px;margin-right:8px;-moz-box-sizing:border-box;box-sizing:border-box;color:#606060;fill:currentColor}ytd-masthead .external-icon{width:24px;height:24px}ytd-masthead .yt-icons-ext{fill:currentColor;color:#606060}ytd-masthead.shell.dark .yt-icons-ext ytd-masthead.shell.theater .yt-icons-ext{fill:#fff}ytd-masthead svg#yt-logo-svg{width:80px}ytd-masthead svg#yt-logo-red-svg{width:106.4px}ytd-masthead svg#yt-logo-updated-svg{width:90px}ytd-masthead svg#yt-logo-red-updated-svg{width:97px}@media (max-width:656px){ytd-masthead.shell>:first-child{padding-left:8px}ytd-masthead.shell>:last-child{padding-right:8px}ytd-masthead.shell svg{margin-right:0}ytd-masthead #masthead-logo{-ms-flex:1 1 0.000000001px;-webkit-flex:1;-webkit-box-flex:1;-moz-box-flex:1;flex:1;-webkit-flex-basis:0.000000001px;-ms-flex-preferred-size:0.000000001px;flex-basis:0.000000001px}ytd-masthead.shell #yt-logo-red-svg,ytd-masthead.shell #yt-logo-svg{margin-left:4px}}@media (min-width:876px){ytd-masthead #masthead-logo{width:129px}}#masthead-skeleton-icons{display:-webkit-box;display:-webkit-flex;display:-moz-box;display:-ms-flexbox;display:flex;-webkit-box-flex:1;-webkit-flex:1;-moz-box-flex:1;-ms-flex:1;flex:1;-webkit-box-orient:horizontal;-webkit-box-direction:normal;-webkit-flex-direction:row;-moz-box-orient:horizontal;-moz-box-direction:normal;-ms-flex-direction:row;flex-direction:row;-webkit-box-pack:end;-webkit-justify-content:flex-end;-moz-box-pack:end;-ms-flex-pack:end;justify-content:flex-end}ytd-masthead.masthead-finish #masthead-skeleton-icons{display:none}.masthead-skeleton-icon{border-radius:50%;height:32px;width:32px;margin:0 8px;background-color:#e3e3e3}ytd-masthead.dark .masthead-skeleton-icon{background-color:#292929}ytd-masthead .yt-icons-ext{color:var(--yt-sys-color-baseline--text-primary)}ytd-masthead svg#yt-logo-red-svg #youtube-red-paths path,ytd-masthead svg#yt-logo-red-updated-svg #youtube-red-paths path,ytd-masthead svg#yt-logo-svg #youtube-paths path,ytd-masthead svg#yt-logo-updated-svg #youtube-paths path{fill:#282828}ytd-masthead.dark svg#yt-logo-red-svg #youtube-red-paths path,ytd-masthead.dark svg#yt-logo-red-updated-svg #youtube-red-paths path,ytd-masthead.dark svg#yt-logo-svg #youtube-paths path,ytd-masthead.dark svg#yt-logo-updated-svg #youtube-paths path,ytd-masthead.theater svg#yt-logo-red-svg #youtube-red-paths path,ytd-masthead.theater svg#yt-logo-svg #youtube-paths path{fill:#fff}#search-input.ytd-searchbox-spt input{-webkit-appearance:none;-webkit-font-smoothing:antialiased;background-color:transparent;border:none;box-shadow:none;color:inherit;font-family:Roboto,Noto,sans-serif;font-size:16px;font-weight:400;line-height:24px;margin-left:4px;max-width:100%;outline:none;text-align:inherit;width:100%;-ms-flex:1 1 0.000000001px;-webkit-flex:1;-webkit-box-flex:1;-moz-box-flex:1;flex:1;-webkit-flex-basis:0.000000001px;-ms-flex-preferred-size:0.000000001px;flex-basis:0.000000001px}#search-container.ytd-searchbox-spt{pointer-events:none;position:absolute;top:0;right:0;bottom:0;left:0}#search-input.ytd-searchbox-spt #search::-webkit-input-placeholder{color:#888}#search-input.ytd-searchbox-spt #search::-moz-input-placeholder{color:#888}#search-input.ytd-searchbox-spt #search:-ms-input-placeholder{color:#888}html{background-color:#fff!important;-webkit-text-size-adjust:none}html[dark]{background-color:#0f0f0f!important}#logo-red-icon-container.ytd-topbar-logo-renderer{width:86px}if (window.ytcsi) {window.ytcsi.tick('bc', null, '');}Get Social: Social Media Trends July 2022 | Adobe Express - YouTubevar ytInitialPlayerResponse = {"responseContext":{"serviceTrackingParams":[{"service":"GFEEDBACK","params":[{"key":"is_alc_surface","value":"false"},{"key":"ipcc","value":"0"},{"key":"is_viewed_live","value":"False"},{"key":"wh_paused","value":"0"},{"key":"logged_in","value":"0"},{"key":"visitor_data","value":"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%3D%3D"}]},{"service":"CSI","params":[{"key":"c","value":"WEB"},{"key":"cver","value":"2.20260424.01.00"},{"key":"yt_li","value":"0"},{"key":"GetPlayer_rid","value":"0x3128eb8d4ac8b5e9"}]},{"service":"GUIDED_HELP","params":[{"key":"logged_in","value":"0"}]},{"service":"ECATCHER","params":[{"key":"client.version","value":"2.20260424"},{"key":"client.name","value":"WEB"}]}],"maxAgeSeconds":0,"mainAppWebResponseContext":{"loggedOut":true,"trackingParam":"k5_fmPxhoXZRGsOUIsIEIXcgKudHbJtAmSHeGzN_JqjH_uVSh5awwpmLazRMkuMYNLBwOcCw59TLtslLKPQGSS"},"responseId":"IhMIld_L2oCOlAMVKIJWAR03kg46","webResponseContextExtensionData":{"webResponseContextPreloadData":{"preloadMessageNames":["miniplayerRenderer","offlineabilityRenderer","playerCaptionsTracklistRenderer","playerAnnotationsExpandedRenderer","subscribeButtonRenderer","confirmDialogRenderer","buttonRenderer","playerStoryboardSpecRenderer","playerMicroformatRenderer","cardCollectionRenderer","cardRenderer","simpleCardTeaserRenderer","infoCardIconRenderer","mealbarPromoRenderer"]},"hasDecorated":true}},"playabilityStatus":{"status":"OK","playableInEmbed":true,"offlineability":{"offlineabilityRenderer":{"offlineable":true,"formats":[{"name":{"runs":[{"text":"Full HD (1080p)"}]},"formatType":"HD_1080","availabilityType":"OFFLINEABILITY_AVAILABILITY_TYPE_PREMIUM_LOCKED","savedSettingShouldExpire":false},{"name":{"runs":[{"text":"High (720p)"}]},"formatType":"HD","availabilityType":"OFFLINEABILITY_AVAILABILITY_TYPE_PREMIUM_LOCKED","savedSettingShouldExpire":false},{"name":{"runs":[{"text":"Medium (360p)"}]},"formatType":"SD","availabilityType":"OFFLINEABILITY_AVAILABILITY_TYPE_FREE","savedSettingShouldExpire":true},{"name":{"runs":[{"text":"Low (144p)"}]},"formatType":"LD","availabilityType":"OFFLINEABILITY_AVAILABILITY_TYPE_FREE","savedSettingShouldExpire":true}],"clickTrackingParams":"CA8QxzciEwiV38vagI6UAxUoglYBHTeSDjoyC29mZmxpbmVsaXN0ygEE2RdQIQ=="}},"miniplayer":{"miniplayerRenderer":{"playbackMode":"PLAYBACK_MODE_ALLOW"}},"contextParams":"Q0FFU0FnZ0M="},"streamingData":{"expiresInSeconds":"21540","formats":[{"itag":18,"url":"https://rr2---sn-fapo3ox25a-cq2l.googlevideo.com/videoplayback?expire=1777313616\u0026ei=8FLvaZWnMaiE2roPt6S60AM\u0026ip=27.34.72.167\u0026id=o-AJrKecryh0NBA9YZhr5-Jf-QUHpR8T2fzDL08CDcy4D8\u0026itag=18\u0026source=youtube\u0026requiressl=yes\u0026xpc=EgVo2aDSNQ%3D%3D\u0026cps=151\u0026met=1777292016%2C\u0026mh=JU\u0026mm=31%2C29\u0026mn=sn-fapo3ox25a-cq2l%2Csn-fapo3ox25a-3uhk\u0026ms=au%2Crdu\u0026mv=m\u0026mvi=2\u0026pl=21\u0026rms=au%2Cau\u0026initcwndbps=1372500\u0026bui=AbKmrwqxXFv9nIjcS7LRQchTeJSjeQbm2Ey5RKYNF2r4bOvAMyArMcYY5ZSQYN6fXgH0aJik3Cwwd2xh\u0026spc=96Xrv3nEou5vZ7u6_jeawwC2rstnC6mFvDQiuZ2evCwcj754drL3vjef6MyPgUSwooxAbWbA\u0026vprv=1\u0026svpuc=1\u0026mime=video%2Fmp4\u0026ns=6HTvemUJUeV6H3JJpg-2GRIU\u0026rqh=1\u0026cnr=14\u0026ratebypass=yes\u0026dur=3400.144\u0026lmt=1697453864472386\u0026mt=1777291542\u0026fvip=4\u0026fexp=51565116%2C51565682%2C51869322\u0026c=WEB\u0026sefc=1\u0026txp=7308224\u0026n=xhHgRe-lojbSK-FTF\u0026sparams=expire%2Cei%2Cip%2Cid%2Citag%2Csource%2Crequiressl%2Cxpc%2Cbui%2Cspc%2Cvprv%2Csvpuc%2Cmime%2Cns%2Crqh%2Ccnr%2Cratebypass%2Cdur%2Clmt\u0026sig=AHEqNM4wRgIhAMtsbDYTXhNODNH84TUW3AUcLQU0JUTjGxfMKSyy4hfGAiEAv2HJZmqHf74bvAiXMAc_qB2BdPZFEj8EDNNkf4qtpi0%3D\u0026lsparams=cps%2Cmet%2Cmh%2Cmm%2Cmn%2Cms%2Cmv%2Cmvi%2Cpl%2Crms%2Cinitcwndbps\u0026lsig=APaTxxMwRgIhAKqQEC-NZvhqswJeyxphrUnlrGwQpnF8D3-0iz11TXcsAiEAkwIE3rCwg-yCDUuZcp0IVUXNs7W1FW9lhMt7GmXrges%3D","mimeType":"video/mp4; codecs=\"avc1.42001E, mp4a.40.2\"","bitrate":254239,"width":640,"height":360,"lastModified":"1697453864472386","quality":"medium","fps":30,"qualityLabel":"360p","projectionType":"RECTANGULAR","audioQuality":"AUDIO_QUALITY_LOW","approxDurationMs":"3400144","audioSampleRate":"44100","audioChannels":2,"qualityOrdinal":"QUALITY_ORDINAL_360P"}],"adaptiveFormats":[{"itag":137,"mimeType":"video/mp4; codecs=\"avc1.640028\"","bitrate":3363113,"width":1920,"height":1080,"initRange":{"start":"0","end":"740"},"indexRange":{"start":"741","end":"8824"},"lastModified":"1697453243462553","contentLength":"391263880","quality":"hd1080","fps":30,"qualityLabel":"1080p","projectionType":"RECTANGULAR","averageBitrate":920603,"approxDurationMs":"3400066","qualityOrdinal":"QUALITY_ORDINAL_1080P"},{"itag":136,"mimeType":"video/mp4; codecs=\"avc1.4d401f\"","bitrate":1800249,"width":1280,"height":720,"initRange":{"start":"0","end":"739"},"indexRange":{"start":"740","end":"8823"},"lastModified":"1697455743645586","contentLength":"196651446","quality":"hd720","fps":30,"qualityLabel":"720p","projectionType":"RECTANGULAR","averageBitrate":462700,"approxDurationMs":"3400066","qualityOrdinal":"QUALITY_ORDINAL_720P"},{"itag":134,"mimeType":"video/mp4; codecs=\"avc1.4d401e\"","bitrate":596539,"width":640,"height":360,"initRange":{"start":"0","end":"740"},"indexRange":{"start":"741","end":"8824"},"lastModified":"1697453603680579","contentLength":"53260898","quality":"medium","fps":30,"qualityLabel":"360p","projectionType":"RECTANGULAR","averageBitrate":125317,"highReplication":true,"approxDurationMs":"3400066","qualityOrdinal":"QUALITY_ORDINAL_360P"},{"itag":243,"mimeType":"video/webm; codecs=\"vp9\"","bitrate":314642,"width":640,"height":360,"initRange":{"start":"0","end":"219"},"indexRange":{"start":"220","end":"11969"},"lastModified":"1697452149903657","contentLength":"34859541","quality":"medium","fps":30,"qualityLabel":"360p","projectionType":"RECTANGULAR","averageBitrate":82020,"colorInfo":{"primaries":"COLOR_PRIMARIES_BT709","transferCharacteristics":"COLOR_TRANSFER_CHARACTERISTICS_BT709","matrixCoefficients":"COLOR_MATRIX_COEFFICIENTS_BT709"},"approxDurationMs":"3400067","qualityOrdinal":"QUALITY_ORDINAL_360P"},{"itag":160,"mimeType":"video/mp4; codecs=\"avc1.4d400c\"","bitrate":127283,"width":256,"height":144,"initRange":{"start":"0","end":"738"},"indexRange":{"start":"739","end":"8822"},"lastModified":"1697453779400560","contentLength":"46614025","quality":"tiny","fps":30,"qualityLabel":"144p","projectionType":"RECTANGULAR","averageBitrate":109677,"approxDurationMs":"3400066","qualityOrdinal":"QUALITY_ORDINAL_144P"},{"itag":140,"mimeType":"audio/mp4; codecs=\"mp4a.40.2\"","bitrate":133266,"initRange":{"start":"0","end":"631"},"indexRange":{"start":"632","end":"4755"},"lastModified":"1697450477554697","contentLength":"55028258","quality":"tiny","projectionType":"RECTANGULAR","averageBitrate":129472,"highReplication":true,"audioQuality":"AUDIO_QUALITY_MEDIUM","approxDurationMs":"3400144","audioSampleRate":"44100","audioChannels":2,"loudnessDb":-7.3400002,"trackAbsoluteLoudnessLkfs":-21.34,"qualityOrdinal":"QUALITY_ORDINAL_UNKNOWN"},{"itag":251,"mimeType":"audio/webm; codecs=\"opus\"","bitrate":135666,"initRange":{"start":"0","end":"265"},"indexRange":{"start":"266","end":"6270"},"lastModified":"1697450753519778","contentLength":"46235005","quality":"tiny","projectionType":"RECTANGULAR","averageBitrate":108784,"audioQuality":"AUDIO_QUALITY_MEDIUM","approxDurationMs":"3400121","audioSampleRate":"48000","audioChannels":2,"loudnessDb":-7.3400002,"trackAbsoluteLoudnessLkfs":-21.34,"qualityOrdinal":"QUALITY_ORDINAL_UNKNOWN"}],"serverAbrStreamingUrl":"https://rr2---sn-fapo3ox25a-cq2l.googlevideo.com/videoplayback?expire=1777313616\u0026ei=8FLvaZWnMaiE2roPt6S60AM\u0026ip=27.34.72.167\u0026id=o-AJrKecryh0NBA9YZhr5-Jf-QUHpR8T2fzDL08CDcy4D8\u0026source=youtube\u0026requiressl=yes\u0026xpc=EgVo2aDSNQ%3D%3D\u0026cps=151\u0026met=1777292016%2C\u0026mh=JU\u0026mm=31%2C29\u0026mn=sn-fapo3ox25a-cq2l%2Csn-fapo3ox25a-3uhk\u0026ms=au%2Crdu\u0026mv=m\u0026mvi=2\u0026pl=21\u0026rms=au%2Cau\u0026initcwndbps=1372500\u0026spc=96Xrv3nHou5vZ7u6_jeawwC2rstmC6mFvDQiuZ2evCwcj754drL3vjef6MyPgUSAp2RA9Q\u0026svpuc=1\u0026ns=Q5ySyjT37Bd0rlr_WRKM7JUU\u0026sabr=1\u0026rqh=1\u0026mt=1777291542\u0026fvip=4\u0026keepalive=yes\u0026fexp=51565116%2C51565682%2C51869322\u0026c=WEB\u0026n=mh9a_76yzV_dSL4h1\u0026sparams=expire%2Cei%2Cip%2Cid%2Csource%2Crequiressl%2Cxpc%2Cspc%2Csvpuc%2Cns%2Csabr%2Crqh\u0026sig=AHEqNM4wRQIhAOFi-QTBXSiMaz2--dcQyZE6XUI3NLrf0iUkkdpnCrtBAiAAs8iqBx_A4OtqW2F1zK1JRq4LcDSCCTsG4Ed0Hbgfkg%3D%3D\u0026lsparams=cps%2Cmet%2Cmh%2Cmm%2Cmn%2Cms%2Cmv%2Cmvi%2Cpl%2Crms%2Cinitcwndbps\u0026lsig=APaTxxMwRgIhAKqQEC-NZvhqswJeyxphrUnlrGwQpnF8D3-0iz11TXcsAiEAkwIE3rCwg-yCDUuZcp0IVUXNs7W1FW9lhMt7GmXrges%3D"},"playbackTracking":{"videostatsPlaybackUrl":{"baseUrl":"https://s.youtube.com/api/stats/playback?cl=903232311\u0026docid=ziekARBo4yg\u0026ei=8FLvaZWnMaiE2roPt6S60AM\u0026fexp=\u0026ns=yt\u0026plid=AAZQcAtTeKZflvJs\u0026el=detailpage\u0026len=3401\u0026of=r-tNlaeQ3jo5aroiK8Ojxg\u0026vm=CAEQABgEOjJBSHFpSlRLZ1hPejg4aXpDN1V5MElUbVZFNXBzQS1laGFVT09LOWJJeE1uUHR4YzVFZ2JcQUxkcUFQSmd6UmdwSmVaNXlPWnQ4Wm1WQ0ZwR0NxWk9UNmhTekVzWnZ6QVZkaEhua3VvdHNrWVF3cTJ4V21HeFlVZ3lBdm90d29WM0hvUjZPSlJraUZTSzhyc3k"},"videostatsDelayplayUrl":{"baseUrl":"https://s.youtube.com/api/stats/delayplay?cl=903232311\u0026docid=ziekARBo4yg\u0026ei=8FLvaZWnMaiE2roPt6S60AM\u0026fexp=\u0026ns=yt\u0026plid=AAZQcAtTeKZflvJs\u0026el=detailpage\u0026len=3401\u0026of=r-tNlaeQ3jo5aroiK8Ojxg\u0026vm=CAEQABgEOjJBSHFpSlRLZ1hPejg4aXpDN1V5MElUbVZFNXBzQS1laGFVT09LOWJJeE1uUHR4YzVFZ2JcQUxkcUFQSmd6UmdwSmVaNXlPWnQ4Wm1WQ0ZwR0NxWk9UNmhTekVzWnZ6QVZkaEhua3VvdHNrWVF3cTJ4V21HeFlVZ3lBdm90d29WM0hvUjZPSlJraUZTSzhyc3k"},"videostatsWatchtimeUrl":{"baseUrl":"https://s.youtube.com/api/stats/watchtime?cl=903232311\u0026docid=ziekARBo4yg\u0026ei=8FLvaZWnMaiE2roPt6S60AM\u0026fexp=\u0026ns=yt\u0026plid=AAZQcAtTeKZflvJs\u0026el=detailpage\u0026len=3401\u0026of=r-tNlaeQ3jo5aroiK8Ojxg\u0026vm=CAEQABgEOjJBSHFpSlRLZ1hPejg4aXpDN1V5MElUbVZFNXBzQS1laGFVT09LOWJJeE1uUHR4YzVFZ2JcQUxkcUFQSmd6UmdwSmVaNXlPWnQ4Wm1WQ0ZwR0NxWk9UNmhTekVzWnZ6QVZkaEhua3VvdHNrWVF3cTJ4V21HeFlVZ3lBdm90d29WM0hvUjZPSlJraUZTSzhyc3k"},"ptrackingUrl":{"baseUrl":"https://www.youtube.com/ptracking?ei=8FLvaZWnMaiE2roPt6S60AM\u0026plid=AAZQcAtTeKZflvJs\u0026pltype=contentugc\u0026ptk=youtube_none\u0026video_id=ziekARBo4yg"},"qoeUrl":{"baseUrl":"https://s.youtube.com/api/stats/qoe?cl=903232311\u0026docid=ziekARBo4yg\u0026ei=8FLvaZWnMaiE2roPt6S60AM\u0026el=detailpage\u0026event=streamingstats\u0026fexp=\u0026ns=yt\u0026plid=AAZQcAtTeKZflvJs"},"atrUrl":{"baseUrl":"https://s.youtube.com/api/stats/atr?c=WEB\u0026docid=ziekARBo4yg\u0026ei=8FLvaZWnMaiE2roPt6S60AM\u0026len=3401\u0026ns=yt\u0026plid=AAZQcAtTeKZflvJs\u0026ver=2\u0026vm=CAEQABgEOjJBSHFpSlRLZ1hPejg4aXpDN1V5MElUbVZFNXBzQS1laGFVT09LOWJJeE1uUHR4YzVFZ2JcQUxkcUFQSmd6UmdwSmVaNXlPWnQ4Wm1WQ0ZwR0NxWk9UNmhTekVzWnZ6QVZkaEhua3VvdHNrWVF3cTJ4V21HeFlVZ3lBdm90d29WM0hvUjZPSlJraUZTSzhyc3k","elapsedMediaTimeSeconds":5},"videostatsScheduledFlushWalltimeSeconds":[10,20,30],"videostatsDefaultFlushIntervalSeconds":40},"captions":{"playerCaptionsTracklistRenderer":{"captionTracks":[{"baseUrl":"https://www.youtube.com/api/timedtext?v=ziekARBo4yg\u0026ei=8FLvaZWnMaiE2roPt6S60AM\u0026caps=asr\u0026opi=112496729\u0026exp=xpe\u0026xoaf=5\u0026xowf=1\u0026hl=en\u0026ip=0.0.0.0\u0026ipbits=0\u0026expire=1777317216\u0026sparams=ip,ipbits,expire,v,ei,caps,opi,exp,xoaf\u0026signature=31C421504127A3CB8F10C1E584AB998FBA564B80.1774462330F1F27BC38EEF9DA20460AAF62FF602\u0026key=yt8\u0026kind=asr\u0026lang=en","name":{"simpleText":"English (auto-generated)"},"vssId":"a.en","languageCode":"en","kind":"asr","isTranslatable":true,"trackName":""}],"audioTracks":[{"captionTrackIndices":[0]}],"translationLanguages":[{"languageCode":"ab","languageName":{"simpleText":"Abkhazian"}},{"languageCode":"aa","languageName":{"simpleText":"Afar"}},{"languageCode":"af","languageName":{"simpleText":"Afrikaans"}},{"languageCode":"ak","languageName":{"simpleText":"Akan"}},{"languageCode":"sq","languageName":{"simpleText":"Albanian"}},{"languageCode":"am","languageName":{"simpleText":"Amharic"}},{"languageCode":"ar","languageName":{"simpleText":"Arabic"}},{"languageCode":"hy","languageName":{"simpleText":"Armenian"}},{"languageCode":"as","languageName":{"simpleText":"Assamese"}},{"languageCode":"ay","languageName":{"simpleText":"Aymara"}},{"languageCode":"az","languageName":{"simpleText":"Azerbaijani"}},{"languageCode":"bn","languageName":{"simpleText":"Bangla"}},{"languageCode":"ba","languageName":{"simpleText":"Bashkir"}},{"languageCode":"eu","languageName":{"simpleText":"Basque"}},{"languageCode":"be","languageName":{"simpleText":"Belarusian"}},{"languageCode":"bho","languageName":{"simpleText":"Bhojpuri"}},{"languageCode":"bs","languageName":{"simpleText":"Bosnian"}},{"languageCode":"br","languageName":{"simpleText":"Breton"}},{"languageCode":"bg","languageName":{"simpleText":"Bulgarian"}},{"languageCode":"my","languageName":{"simpleText":"Burmese"}},{"languageCode":"ca","languageName":{"simpleText":"Catalan"}},{"languageCode":"ceb","languageName":{"simpleText":"Cebuano"}},{"languageCode":"zh-Hans","languageName":{"simpleText":"Chinese (Simplified)"}},{"languageCode":"zh-Hant","languageName":{"simpleText":"Chinese (Traditional)"}},{"languageCode":"co","languageName":{"simpleText":"Corsican"}},{"languageCode":"hr","languageName":{"simpleText":"Croatian"}},{"languageCode":"cs","languageName":{"simpleText":"Czech"}},{"languageCode":"da","languageName":{"simpleText":"Danish"}},{"languageCode":"dv","languageName":{"simpleText":"Divehi"}},{"languageCode":"nl","languageName":{"simpleText":"Dutch"}},{"languageCode":"dz","languageName":{"simpleText":"Dzongkha"}},{"languageCode":"en","languageName":{"simpleText":"English"}},{"languageCode":"eo","languageName":{"simpleText":"Esperanto"}},{"languageCode":"et","languageName":{"simpleText":"Estonian"}},{"languageCode":"ee","languageName":{"simpleText":"Ewe"}},{"languageCode":"fo","languageName":{"simpleText":"Faroese"}},{"languageCode":"fj","languageName":{"simpleText":"Fijian"}},{"languageCode":"fil","languageName":{"simpleText":"Filipino"}},{"languageCode":"fi","languageName":{"simpleText":"Finnish"}},{"languageCode":"fr","languageName":{"simpleText":"French"}},{"languageCode":"gaa","languageName":{"simpleText":"Ga"}},{"languageCode":"gl","languageName":{"simpleText":"Galician"}},{"languageCode":"lg","languageName":{"simpleText":"Ganda"}},{"languageCode":"ka","languageName":{"simpleText":"Georgian"}},{"languageCode":"de","languageName":{"simpleText":"German"}},{"languageCode":"el","languageName":{"simpleText":"Greek"}},{"languageCode":"gn","languageName":{"simpleText":"Guarani"}},{"languageCode":"gu","languageName":{"simpleText":"Gujarati"}},{"languageCode":"ht","languageName":{"simpleText":"Haitian Creole"}},{"languageCode":"ha","languageName":{"simpleText":"Hausa"}},{"languageCode":"haw","languageName":{"simpleText":"Hawaiian"}},{"languageCode":"iw","languageName":{"simpleText":"Hebrew"}},{"languageCode":"hi","languageName":{"simpleText":"Hindi"}},{"languageCode":"hmn","languageName":{"simpleText":"Hmong"}},{"languageCode":"hu","languageName":{"simpleText":"Hungarian"}},{"languageCode":"is","languageName":{"simpleText":"Icelandic"}},{"languageCode":"ig","languageName":{"simpleText":"Igbo"}},{"languageCode":"id","languageName":{"simpleText":"Indonesian"}},{"languageCode":"iu","languageName":{"simpleText":"Inuktitut"}},{"languageCode":"ga","languageName":{"simpleText":"Irish"}},{"languageCode":"it","languageName":{"simpleText":"Italian"}},{"languageCode":"ja","languageName":{"simpleText":"Japanese"}},{"languageCode":"jv","languageName":{"simpleText":"Javanese"}},{"languageCode":"kl","languageName":{"simpleText":"Kalaallisut"}},{"languageCode":"kn","languageName":{"simpleText":"Kannada"}},{"languageCode":"kk","languageName":{"simpleText":"Kazakh"}},{"languageCode":"kha","languageName":{"simpleText":"Khasi"}},{"languageCode":"km","languageName":{"simpleText":"Khmer"}},{"languageCode":"rw","languageName":{"simpleText":"Kinyarwanda"}},{"languageCode":"ko","languageName":{"simpleText":"Korean"}},{"languageCode":"kri","languageName":{"simpleText":"Krio"}},{"languageCode":"ku","languageName":{"simpleText":"Kurdish"}},{"languageCode":"ky","languageName":{"simpleText":"Kyrgyz"}},{"languageCode":"lo","languageName":{"simpleText":"Lao"}},{"languageCode":"la","languageName":{"simpleText":"Latin"}},{"languageCode":"lv","languageName":{"simpleText":"Latvian"}},{"languageCode":"ln","languageName":{"simpleText":"Lingala"}},{"languageCode":"lt","languageName":{"simpleText":"Lithuanian"}},{"languageCode":"lua","languageName":{"simpleText":"Luba-Lulua"}},{"languageCode":"luo","languageName":{"simpleText":"Luo"}},{"languageCode":"lb","languageName":{"simpleText":"Luxembourgish"}},{"languageCode":"mk","languageName":{"simpleText":"Macedonian"}},{"languageCode":"mg","languageName":{"simpleText":"Malagasy"}},{"languageCode":"ms","languageName":{"simpleText":"Malay"}},{"languageCode":"ml","languageName":{"simpleText":"Malayalam"}},{"languageCode":"mt","languageName":{"simpleText":"Maltese"}},{"languageCode":"gv","languageName":{"simpleText":"Manx"}},{"languageCode":"mi","languageName":{"simpleText":"Māori"}},{"languageCode":"mr","languageName":{"simpleText":"Marathi"}},{"languageCode":"mn","languageName":{"simpleText":"Mongolian"}},{"languageCode":"mfe","languageName":{"simpleText":"Morisyen"}},{"languageCode":"ne","languageName":{"simpleText":"Nepali"}},{"languageCode":"new","languageName":{"simpleText":"Newari"}},{"languageCode":"nso","languageName":{"simpleText":"Northern Sotho"}},{"languageCode":"no","languageName":{"simpleText":"Norwegian"}},{"languageCode":"ny","languageName":{"simpleText":"Nyanja"}},{"languageCode":"oc","languageName":{"simpleText":"Occitan"}},{"languageCode":"or","languageName":{"simpleText":"Odia"}},{"languageCode":"om","languageName":{"simpleText":"Oromo"}},{"languageCode":"os","languageName":{"simpleText":"Ossetic"}},{"languageCode":"pam","languageName":{"simpleText":"Pampanga"}},{"languageCode":"ps","languageName":{"simpleText":"Pashto"}},{"languageCode":"fa","languageName":{"simpleText":"Persian"}},{"languageCode":"pl","languageName":{"simpleText":"Polish"}},{"languageCode":"pt","languageName":{"simpleText":"Portuguese"}},{"languageCode":"pt-PT","languageName":{"simpleText":"Portuguese (Portugal)"}},{"languageCode":"pa","languageName":{"simpleText":"Punjabi"}},{"languageCode":"qu","languageName":{"simpleText":"Quechua"}},{"languageCode":"ro","languageName":{"simpleText":"Romanian"}},{"languageCode":"rn","languageName":{"simpleText":"Rundi"}},{"languageCode":"ru","languageName":{"simpleText":"Russian"}},{"languageCode":"sm","languageName":{"simpleText":"Samoan"}},{"languageCode":"sg","languageName":{"simpleText":"Sango"}},{"languageCode":"sa","languageName":{"simpleText":"Sanskrit"}},{"languageCode":"gd","languageName":{"simpleText":"Scottish Gaelic"}},{"languageCode":"sr","languageName":{"simpleText":"Serbian"}},{"languageCode":"crs","languageName":{"simpleText":"Seselwa Creole French"}},{"languageCode":"sn","languageName":{"simpleText":"Shona"}},{"languageCode":"sd","languageName":{"simpleText":"Sindhi"}},{"languageCode":"si","languageName":{"simpleText":"Sinhala"}},{"languageCode":"sk","languageName":{"simpleText":"Slovak"}},{"languageCode":"sl","languageName":{"simpleText":"Slovenian"}},{"languageCode":"so","languageName":{"simpleText":"Somali"}},{"languageCode":"st","languageName":{"simpleText":"Southern Sotho"}},{"languageCode":"es","languageName":{"simpleText":"Spanish"}},{"languageCode":"su","languageName":{"simpleText":"Sundanese"}},{"languageCode":"sw","languageName":{"simpleText":"Swahili"}},{"languageCode":"ss","languageName":{"simpleText":"Swati"}},{"languageCode":"sv","languageName":{"simpleText":"Swedish"}},{"languageCode":"tg","languageName":{"simpleText":"Tajik"}},{"languageCode":"ta","languageName":{"simpleText":"Tamil"}},{"languageCode":"tt","languageName":{"simpleText":"Tatar"}},{"languageCode":"te","languageName":{"simpleText":"Telugu"}},{"languageCode":"th","languageName":{"simpleText":"Thai"}},{"languageCode":"bo","languageName":{"simpleText":"Tibetan"}},{"languageCode":"ti","languageName":{"simpleText":"Tigrinya"}},{"languageCode":"to","languageName":{"simpleText":"Tongan"}},{"languageCode":"ts","languageName":{"simpleText":"Tsonga"}},{"languageCode":"tn","languageName":{"simpleText":"Tswana"}},{"languageCode":"tum","languageName":{"simpleText":"Tumbuka"}},{"languageCode":"tr","languageName":{"simpleText":"Turkish"}},{"languageCode":"tk","languageName":{"simpleText":"Turkmen"}},{"languageCode":"uk","languageName":{"simpleText":"Ukrainian"}},{"languageCode":"ur","languageName":{"simpleText":"Urdu"}},{"languageCode":"ug","languageName":{"simpleText":"Uyghur"}},{"languageCode":"uz","languageName":{"simpleText":"Uzbek"}},{"languageCode":"ve","languageName":{"simpleText":"Venda"}},{"languageCode":"vi","languageName":{"simpleText":"Vietnamese"}},{"languageCode":"war","languageName":{"simpleText":"Waray"}},{"languageCode":"cy","languageName":{"simpleText":"Welsh"}},{"languageCode":"fy","languageName":{"simpleText":"Western Frisian"}},{"languageCode":"wo","languageName":{"simpleText":"Wolof"}},{"languageCode":"xh","languageName":{"simpleText":"Xhosa"}},{"languageCode":"yi","languageName":{"simpleText":"Yiddish"}},{"languageCode":"yo","languageName":{"simpleText":"Yoruba"}},{"languageCode":"zu","languageName":{"simpleText":"Zulu"}}],"defaultAudioTrackIndex":0}},"videoDetails":{"videoId":"ziekARBo4yg","title":"Get Social: Social Media Trends July 2022 | Adobe Express","lengthSeconds":"3400","keywords":["Adobe Express","Adobe Express AI","Adobe Express Animation","Adobe Express Animation Tutorial","Adobe Express Graphic Design","Adobe Express Tutorial","Adobe Express Video","Adobe Express app","Adobe Express logo maker","Adobe Firefly","Creative Cloud Express","add text on photo","custom fonts","custom text","photo editor"],"channelId":"UCn5CtwAo7oeHULdlVl-HMKw","isOwnerViewing":false,"shortDescription":"There isn't a social media platform that isn’t experiencing significant growth right now. But what does that mean for your business and how do you keep up with the many changes in the world of social media and content marketing?\nTune in with Jordan Dené Ellis and Andy Lambert as they walk through the July 2022 updates in the world of Social Media. Learn about the latest social media trends and updates and how you can use them to fuel growth for your business.\n\nAndy Lambert is a Senior Product Marketing Manager at Adobe, helping thousands of businesses across the globe to unleash the power of social media: https://www.andyrlambert.com/\n\nJordan Dené Ellis is a Community Manager for Adobe Express, sharing her 10+ years of small business and online marketing experience: https://www.instagram.com/jordandene.social/\n\nJoin us LIVE on Behance: https://www.behance.net/adobelive\n\n00:00 Start\n00:50 Introduction\n03:38 LinkedIn and Pinterest publishing in Express\n05:14 Instagram advertising\n07:10 Instagram Reels\n09:30 Reels vs TikTok vs LinkedIn \n14:05 Tips for post engagement\n15:44 Tiktok demographics and data\n19:36 Social media advertising \n21:42 Creator earnings\n26:20 Social media brand discovery\n31:30 Videos and Reels\n34:50 Templates for IG reels\n36:45 IG dual mode\n40:05 Instagram Reels boosting\n42:35 Instagram creator marketplace\n45:35 Changes to Facebook\n52:08 Social media updates\n\nSubscribe to Adobe Express: https://adobe.ly/47TmqJh\n\nLearn More About Adobe Express: https://adobe.ly/499EC2k\n\nTry Adobe Express for Free: https://adobe.ly/3UU860d\n\nAbout Adobe Express:\nAdobe Express is the all-in-one app to make amazing work with generative AI features powered by #AdobeFirefly. With Adobe Express, you can transform beautiful templates into stunning graphics and video stories with just a few taps, regardless of your skill level. Explore Adobe Express and unlock a world of features that empower you to do more with your stories, leveraging the cutting-edge Gen AI technology for seamless design experiences.\n\nOur channel is dedicated to providing you with weekly how-to guides, inspiration, and tutorials. Whether you're seeking tips for logo design, tutorials on animation techniques, or mastering the art of background removal, our content is tailored to elevate your creative journey.\n\nSubscribe to our channel today and stay up to date with the latest trends, techniques, and innovations in design. Let Adobe Express be your creative companion as you craft compelling stories and bring your visions to life effortlessly. Join us on this journey to create, innovate, and excel.\n\nConnect with Adobe Express:\n✨Twitter: https://Twitter.com/AdobeExpress\n✨Facebook: https://facebook.com/AdobeExpress\n✨Facebook Group: https://www.facebook.com/groups/adobeexpressinsiders/\n✨Instagram: https://instagram.com/adobeexpress\n✨Pinterest: https://pinterest.com/adobeexpress\n✨Discord: https://discord.com/adobeexpress\n✨TikTok: https://www.tiktok.com/@adobeexpress\n\n#Adobe #AdobeExpress #AdobeYouTube \n\nGet Social: Social Media Trends July 2022 | Adobe Express\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ziekARBo4yg","isCrawlable":true,"thumbnail":{"thumbnails":[{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/ziekARBo4yg/hqdefault.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEbCKgBEF5IVfKriqkDDggBFQAAiEIYAXABwAEG\u0026rs=AOn4CLDJZhRx4KE2UlnpHU_LYQPcmnpBjw","width":168,"height":94},{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/ziekARBo4yg/hqdefault.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEbCMQBEG5IVfKriqkDDggBFQAAiEIYAXABwAEG\u0026rs=AOn4CLC6_S-icqUUmyfOaDRGsUA2tbgGaA","width":196,"height":110},{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/ziekARBo4yg/hqdefault.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEcCPYBEIoBSFXyq4qpAw4IARUAAIhCGAFwAcABBg==\u0026rs=AOn4CLCQN1cLGb9GejjI-86oPHCVjMLmLg","width":246,"height":138},{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/ziekARBo4yg/hqdefault.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEcCNACELwBSFXyq4qpAw4IARUAAIhCGAFwAcABBg==\u0026rs=AOn4CLARE0kua92URDyKTD3XHClmz7loBQ","width":336,"height":188},{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/ziekARBo4yg/maxresdefault.jpg?v=63c1db44","width":1920,"height":1080}]},"allowRatings":true,"viewCount":"266014","author":"Adobe Express","isLowLatencyLiveStream":false,"isPrivate":false,"isUnpluggedCorpus":false,"latencyClass":"MDE_STREAM_OPTIMIZATIONS_RENDERER_LATENCY_NORMAL","isLiveContent":true,"isTvfilmVideo":false},"annotations":[{"playerAnnotationsExpandedRenderer":{"featuredChannel":{"startTimeMs":"0","endTimeMs":"3401000","watermark":{"thumbnails":[{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/an/n5CtwAo7oeHULdlVl-HMKw/featured_channel.jpg?v=63372e02","width":40,"height":40}]},"trackingParams":"CAoQ8zciEwiV38vagI6UAxUoglYBHTeSDjo=","navigationEndpoint":{"clickTrackingParams":"CAoQ8zciEwiV38vagI6UAxUoglYBHTeSDjoyAml2ygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/channel/UCn5CtwAo7oeHULdlVl-HMKw","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_CHANNEL","rootVe":3611,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/browse"}},"browseEndpoint":{"browseId":"UCn5CtwAo7oeHULdlVl-HMKw"}},"channelName":"Adobe Express","subscribeButton":{"subscribeButtonRenderer":{"buttonText":{"runs":[{"text":"SUBSCRIBE"}]},"subscribed":false,"enabled":true,"type":"FREE","channelId":"UCn5CtwAo7oeHULdlVl-HMKw","showPreferences":false,"subscribedButtonText":{"runs":[{"text":"SUBSCRIBED"}]},"unsubscribedButtonText":{"runs":[{"text":"SUBSCRIBE"}]},"trackingParams":"CAsQmysiEwiV38vagI6UAxUoglYBHTeSDjoyAml2","unsubscribeButtonText":{"runs":[{"text":"UNSUBSCRIBE"}]},"serviceEndpoints":[{"clickTrackingParams":"CAsQmysiEwiV38vagI6UAxUoglYBHTeSDjoyAml2ygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/subscription/subscribe"}},"subscribeEndpoint":{"channelIds":["UCn5CtwAo7oeHULdlVl-HMKw"],"params":"EgIIBBgA"}},{"clickTrackingParams":"CAsQmysiEwiV38vagI6UAxUoglYBHTeSDjrKAQTZF1Ah","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true}},"signalServiceEndpoint":{"signal":"CLIENT_SIGNAL","actions":[{"clickTrackingParams":"CAsQmysiEwiV38vagI6UAxUoglYBHTeSDjrKAQTZF1Ah","openPopupAction":{"popup":{"confirmDialogRenderer":{"trackingParams":"CAwQxjgiEwiV38vagI6UAxUoglYBHTeSDjo=","dialogMessages":[{"runs":[{"text":"Unsubscribe from "},{"text":"Adobe Express"},{"text":"?"}]}],"confirmButton":{"buttonRenderer":{"style":"STYLE_BLUE_TEXT","size":"SIZE_DEFAULT","isDisabled":false,"text":{"runs":[{"text":"Unsubscribe"}]},"serviceEndpoint":{"clickTrackingParams":"CA4Q8FsiEwiV38vagI6UAxUoglYBHTeSDjoyAml2ygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/subscription/unsubscribe"}},"unsubscribeEndpoint":{"channelIds":["UCn5CtwAo7oeHULdlVl-HMKw"],"params":"CgIIBBgA"}},"accessibility":{"label":"Unsubscribe"},"trackingParams":"CA4Q8FsiEwiV38vagI6UAxUoglYBHTeSDjo="}},"cancelButton":{"buttonRenderer":{"style":"STYLE_TEXT","size":"SIZE_DEFAULT","isDisabled":false,"text":{"runs":[{"text":"Cancel"}]},"accessibility":{"label":"Cancel"},"trackingParams":"CA0Q8FsiEwiV38vagI6UAxUoglYBHTeSDjo="}},"primaryIsCancel":false}},"popupType":"DIALOG"}}]}}],"subscribeAccessibility":{"accessibilityData":{"label":"Subscribe to Adobe Express."}},"unsubscribeAccessibility":{"accessibilityData":{"label":"Unsubscribe from Adobe Express."}},"signInEndpoint":{"clickTrackingParams":"CAsQmysiEwiV38vagI6UAxUoglYBHTeSDjrKAQTZF1Ah","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"https://accounts.google.com/ServiceLogin?service=youtube\u0026uilel=3\u0026passive=true\u0026continue=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.youtube.com%2Fsignin%3Faction_handle_signin%3Dtrue%26app%3Ddesktop%26hl%3Den%26next%3Dhttps%253A%252F%252Fwww.youtube.com%252Fchannel%252FUCn5CtwAo7oeHULdlVl-HMKw%26feature%3Div%26continue_action%3DQUFFLUhqa2loSGluZ08wU1R3X2JDUUdHbDlsOFVwOXFyQXxBQ3Jtc0tuUDdpZ1lkSktDZWNiTFI3eGNMdlM5bFlRY0JrV0RSNncwRnlVSnNVa3ZicjE0UDN6cVpybW5WNTA2eTF0cVFCX1JEYzVCb01LaHJ6SUcwVVprOWp1STBmQi1TU3gwa3ZwN055a2YtLVdTQmNpdVFqdDJpblFvcW41M1ZXX1dLTkdGRUNKS3EwYlM5Z3dMdTI4eHZONWJNTlRGMzJwZ1p0NXJjX3lKeW5FbmtSRGFRQ2V2ZjEwV0VJM2hQSG5PS3lLaDNwd1Q%253D\u0026hl=en"}}}}}},"allowSwipeDismiss":true,"annotationId":"61b9a67e-0000-2feb-8387-883d24fe97e0"}}],"playerConfig":{"granularVariableSpeedConfig":{"minimumPlaybackRate":25,"maximumPlaybackRate":200,"stepSize":5,"defaultPlaybackRateOptions":[{"label":"1.0","value":100,"isPremiumUpsell":false,"priority":5},{"label":"1.25","value":125,"isPremiumUpsell":false,"priority":2},{"label":"1.5","value":150,"isPremiumUpsell":false,"priority":3},{"label":"1.75","value":175,"isPremiumUpsell":false,"priority":0},{"label":"2.0","value":200,"isPremiumUpsell":false,"priority":4},{"label":"3.0","value":300,"isPremiumUpsell":true,"priority":1}]},"vssClientConfig":{"vssUsePostRequest":false},"audioConfig":{"loudnessDb":-7.3400002,"perceptualLoudnessDb":-21.34,"enablePerFormatLoudness":true,"trackAbsoluteLoudnessLkfs":-21.34,"loudnessTargetLkfs":-14,"loudnessNormalizationConfig":{"applyStatefulNormalization":false,"preserveStatefulLoudnessTarget":true,"maxStatefulTimeThresholdSec":300,"minimumLoudnessTargetLkfs":-24}},"streamSelectionConfig":{"maxBitrate":"10980000"},"daiConfig":{"sendSsdaiMissingAdBreakReasons":true},"mediaCommonConfig":{"dynamicReadaheadConfig":{"maxReadAheadMediaTimeMs":120000,"minReadAheadMediaTimeMs":15000,"readAheadGrowthRateMs":1000},"mediaUstreamerRequestConfig":{"videoPlaybackUstreamerConfig":"CvEGCsEFCAAlAACAPy0zM3M_NT0Klz9yGgoWbWZzMl9jbWZzX3dlYl92M18yXzAwMxgAoAEBqAEAuAIA2gKDARCw6gEYgN3bASCgnAEooJwBcIgngAH0A-ABAZgCDNACAugCBIADAogDiCeoAwPAAwHIAwGABAHQBAHYBAH4BAeABX3ABQHIBQHgBdAP6AUB-AXQD5AGAdAGAfAGAYAH0A_ABwGACAGICAGdCM3MTD6gCOgH4AgB6Aj___________8B-gJlLQAAoEI1AACqQqgB0IYDhQKamRk_jQIAAIA_lQL67Ws7tQIAAIA_wALfA_0CzczMPZADAZ0DCtcjPdUDAAB6RNUEAAAgQbUGvTeGNb0GMzODQMgHAeUHAIAJRPAHAYAIAbAI3wOoAwGwAwPQAwHYAwHKBBwKEwjAqQcQmHUY6AclAAAAACgAMAAQ4NQDGNAP0gQPCggIsAkQsAkgASCIJygB2gQNCgYI8C4Q8C4g8C4oAfAFAZgGAagGgIAC0gYUCOgHEGQaDQiIJxUAAAA_Hc3MTD_YBgHwBgG4BwGgCAHSCAYIARABGAGpCQAAAAAAAPC_sQkAAAAAAADwv9AJAdoJJFVVbkpWcS9jbFFSSzNtWFlaTkVOS01VOGdDRDFEakdqbllNbZgK8-jaGKIKEPHo2hjy6NoY8-jaGPTo2hioCvTo2hjqCwSLBowGgAwBqAyQAeANAcgPAdAPAegQAZARAaARAbIRIENBTVNFaFVYdUxiSkRKVUNuQTc1RlhJN0FGamVBdz090BIB4BIBgBMBsBMB2BMA6BMBiBQAkRQAAAAAAADwv5kUAAAAAAAA8L_KFBF2MjAyNTA5MjJfMTIyNi4wMNgUiCfiFCQKABIgQ0FNU0VoVVh1TGJKREpVQ25BNzVGWEk3QUZqZUF3PT2BFQAAAAAAAPC_iKehygsBMgwIiQEQmefljLL6gQMyDAiIARCS7_y0u_qBAzIMCIYBEMPix7iz-oEDMgwI8wEQqaKsg676gQMyDAigARDw7qyMtPqBAzIMCIwBEImY9OWn-oEDMgwI-wEQouG_6aj6gQM6AFIqGgJlbigAMhhVQ241Q3R3QW83b2VIVUxkbFZsLUhNS3c4AEAAWABgAHgAoAEBsAEFugEDBAUxwgEIAQIDBAUIKjDQAQCAAgASTQAgZg7IMEYCIQCN2djK-kXl_3ve16q9kxOz1e85SnxZINrgRIm54KyAjgIhAL7absnd2F1Wk0bVE4i9LtRuas7DjL_wexw-ktN63ZlzGgJlaQ=="},"useServerDrivenAbr":true,"serverPlaybackStartConfig":{"enable":true,"playbackStartPolicy":{"startMinReadaheadPolicy":[{"minReadaheadMs":1200}]}},"platypusUseEnvoyNetFetch":false,"fixLivePlaybackModelDefaultPosition":false},"webPlayerConfig":{"useCobaltTvosDash":true,"webPlayerActionsPorting":{"getSharePanelCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CAAQu2kiEwiV38vagI6UAxUoglYBHTeSDjrKAQTZF1Ah","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/share/get_web_player_share_panel"}},"webPlayerShareEntityServiceEndpoint":{"serializedShareEntity":"Cgt6aWVrQVJCbzR5Zw%3D%3D"}},"subscribeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CAAQu2kiEwiV38vagI6UAxUoglYBHTeSDjrKAQTZF1Ah","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/subscription/subscribe"}},"subscribeEndpoint":{"channelIds":["UCn5CtwAo7oeHULdlVl-HMKw"],"params":"EgIIBxgA"}},"unsubscribeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CAAQu2kiEwiV38vagI6UAxUoglYBHTeSDjrKAQTZF1Ah","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/subscription/unsubscribe"}},"unsubscribeEndpoint":{"channelIds":["UCn5CtwAo7oeHULdlVl-HMKw"],"params":"CgIIBxgA"}},"addToWatchLaterCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CAAQu2kiEwiV38vagI6UAxUoglYBHTeSDjrKAQTZF1Ah","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/browse/edit_playlist"}},"playlistEditEndpoint":{"playlistId":"WL","actions":[{"addedVideoId":"ziekARBo4yg","action":"ACTION_ADD_VIDEO"}]}},"removeFromWatchLaterCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CAAQu2kiEwiV38vagI6UAxUoglYBHTeSDjrKAQTZF1Ah","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/browse/edit_playlist"}},"playlistEditEndpoint":{"playlistId":"WL","actions":[{"action":"ACTION_REMOVE_VIDEO_BY_VIDEO_ID","removedVideoId":"ziekARBo4yg"}]}}}}},"storyboards":{"playerStoryboardSpecRenderer":{"spec":"https://i.ytimg.com/sb/ziekARBo4yg/storyboard3_L$L/$N.jpg?sqp=-oaymwENSDfyq4qpAwVwAcABBqLzl_8DBgjJ_4qXBg==|48#27#100#10#10#0#default#rs$AOn4CLAtwlAOqqJxhlbcY1oOX5cWAm4JIw|80#45#342#10#10#10000#M$M#rs$AOn4CLCV85NtZFa3XpKcV2moGKtIdMpJIw|160#90#342#5#5#10000#M$M#rs$AOn4CLBQccpoTYHqbOrdb3zIaQVqlCbhpw","recommendedLevel":2,"highResolutionRecommendedLevel":2}},"microformat":{"playerMicroformatRenderer":{"thumbnail":{"thumbnails":[{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/ziekARBo4yg/maxresdefault.jpg","width":1280,"height":720}]},"embed":{"iframeUrl":"https://www.youtube.com/embed/ziekARBo4yg","width":1280,"height":720},"title":{"simpleText":"Get Social: Social Media Trends July 2022 | Adobe Express"},"description":{"simpleText":"There isn't a social media platform that isn’t experiencing significant growth right now. But what does that mean for your business and how do you keep up with the many changes in the world of social media and content marketing?\nTune in with Jordan Dené Ellis and Andy Lambert as they walk through the July 2022 updates in the world of Social Media. Learn about the latest social media trends and updates and how you can use them to fuel growth for your business.\n\nAndy Lambert is a Senior Product Marketing Manager at Adobe, helping thousands of businesses across the globe to unleash the power of social media: https://www.andyrlambert.com/\n\nJordan Dené Ellis is a Community Manager for Adobe Express, sharing her 10+ years of small business and online marketing experience: https://www.instagram.com/jordandene.social/\n\nJoin us LIVE on Behance: https://www.behance.net/adobelive\n\n00:00 Start\n00:50 Introduction\n03:38 LinkedIn and Pinterest publishing in Express\n05:14 Instagram advertising\n07:10 Instagram Reels\n09:30 Reels vs TikTok vs LinkedIn \n14:05 Tips for post engagement\n15:44 Tiktok demographics and data\n19:36 Social media advertising \n21:42 Creator earnings\n26:20 Social media brand discovery\n31:30 Videos and Reels\n34:50 Templates for IG reels\n36:45 IG dual mode\n40:05 Instagram Reels boosting\n42:35 Instagram creator marketplace\n45:35 Changes to Facebook\n52:08 Social media updates\n\nSubscribe to Adobe Express: https://adobe.ly/47TmqJh\n\nLearn More About Adobe Express: https://adobe.ly/499EC2k\n\nTry Adobe Express for Free: https://adobe.ly/3UU860d\n\nAbout Adobe Express:\nAdobe Express is the all-in-one app to make amazing work with generative AI features powered by #AdobeFirefly. With Adobe Express, you can transform beautiful templates into stunning graphics and video stories with just a few taps, regardless of your skill level. Explore Adobe Express and unlock a world of features that empower you to do more with your stories, leveraging the cutting-edge Gen AI technology for seamless design experiences.\n\nOur channel is dedicated to providing you with weekly how-to guides, inspiration, and tutorials. Whether you're seeking tips for logo design, tutorials on animation techniques, or mastering the art of background removal, our content is tailored to elevate your creative journey.\n\nSubscribe to our channel today and stay up to date with the latest trends, techniques, and innovations in design. Let Adobe Express be your creative companion as you craft compelling stories and bring your visions to life effortlessly. Join us on this journey to create, innovate, and excel.\n\nConnect with Adobe Express:\n✨Twitter: https://Twitter.com/AdobeExpress\n✨Facebook: https://facebook.com/AdobeExpress\n✨Facebook Group: https://www.facebook.com/groups/adobeexpressinsiders/\n✨Instagram: https://instagram.com/adobeexpress\n✨Pinterest: https://pinterest.com/adobeexpress\n✨Discord: https://discord.com/adobeexpress\n✨TikTok: https://www.tiktok.com/@adobeexpress\n\n#Adobe #AdobeExpress #AdobeYouTube \n\nGet Social: Social Media Trends July 2022 | Adobe Express\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ziekARBo4yg"},"lengthSeconds":"3401","ownerProfileUrl":"http://www.youtube.com/@AdobeExpress","externalChannelId":"UCn5CtwAo7oeHULdlVl-HMKw","isFamilySafe":true,"availableCountries":["AD","AE","AF","AG","AI","AL","AM","AO","AQ","AR","AS","AT","AU","AW","AX","AZ","BA","BB","BD","BE","BF","BG","BH","BI","BJ","BL","BM","BN","BO","BQ","BR","BS","BT","BV","BW","BY","BZ","CA","CC","CD","CF","CG","CH","CI","CK","CL","CM","CN","CO","CR","CU","CV","CW","CX","CY","CZ","DE","DJ","DK","DM","DO","DZ","EC","EE","EG","EH","ER","ES","ET","FI","FJ","FK","FM","FO","FR","GA","GB","GD","GE","GF","GG","GH","GI","GL","GM","GN","GP","GQ","GR","GS","GT","GU","GW","GY","HK","HM","HN","HR","HT","HU","ID","IE","IL","IM","IN","IO","IQ","IR","IS","IT","JE","JM","JO","JP","KE","KG","KH","KI","KM","KN","KP","KR","KW","KY","KZ","LA","LB","LC","LI","LK","LR","LS","LT","LU","LV","LY","MA","MC","MD","ME","MF","MG","MH","MK","ML","MM","MN","MO","MP","MQ","MR","MS","MT","MU","MV","MW","MX","MY","MZ","NA","NC","NE","NF","NG","NI","NL","NO","NP","NR","NU","NZ","OM","PA","PE","PF","PG","PH","PK","PL","PM","PN","PR","PS","PT","PW","PY","QA","RE","RO","RS","RU","RW","SA","SB","SC","SD","SE","SG","SH","SI","SJ","SK","SL","SM","SN","SO","SR","SS","ST","SV","SX","SY","SZ","TC","TD","TF","TG","TH","TJ","TK","TL","TM","TN","TO","TR","TT","TV","TW","TZ","UA","UG","UM","US","UY","UZ","VA","VC","VE","VG","VI","VN","VU","WF","WS","YE","YT","ZA","ZM","ZW"],"isUnlisted":false,"hasYpcMetadata":false,"viewCount":"266014","category":"Education","publishDate":"2022-07-28T09:02:19-07:00","ownerChannelName":"Adobe Express","liveBroadcastDetails":{"isLiveNow":false,"startTimestamp":"2022-07-28T14:59:56+00:00","endTimestamp":"2022-07-28T15:56:37+00:00"},"uploadDate":"2022-07-28T09:02:19-07:00","isShortsEligible":false,"externalVideoId":"ziekARBo4yg","likeCount":"629","canonicalUrl":"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ziekARBo4yg"}},"cards":{"cardCollectionRenderer":{"cards":[{"cardRenderer":{"teaser":{"simpleCardTeaserRenderer":{"message":{"simpleText":"View corrections"},"trackingParams":"CAkQ0DYiEwiV38vagI6UAxUoglYBHTeSDjo=","prominent":true,"logVisibilityUpdates":true,"onTapCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CAkQ0DYiEwiV38vagI6UAxUoglYBHTeSDjrKAQTZF1Ah","changeEngagementPanelVisibilityAction":{"targetId":"engagement-panel-error-corrections","visibility":"ENGAGEMENT_PANEL_VISIBILITY_EXPANDED"}}}},"cueRanges":[{"startCardActiveMs":"0","endCardActiveMs":"5000","teaserDurationMs":"6000","iconAfterTeaserMs":"5000"}],"trackingParams":"CAgQtZcBGAAiEwiV38vagI6UAxUoglYBHTeSDjo="}}],"headerText":{"simpleText":"From Adobe Express"},"icon":{"infoCardIconRenderer":{"trackingParams":"CAcQsJcBIhMIld_L2oCOlAMVKIJWAR03kg46"}},"closeButton":{"infoCardIconRenderer":{"trackingParams":"CAYQsZcBIhMIld_L2oCOlAMVKIJWAR03kg46"}},"trackingParams":"CAUQwjciEwiV38vagI6UAxUoglYBHTeSDjo=","allowTeaserDismiss":true,"logIconVisibilityUpdates":true}},"trackingParams":"CAAQu2kiEwiV38vagI6UAxUoglYBHTeSDjrKAQTZF1Ah","messages":[{"mealbarPromoRenderer":{"icon":{"thumbnails":[{"url":"https://www.gstatic.com/youtube/img/promos/growth/6ad5a99c727579634bc3e2fb67562a2621170bdd11578967392667be5a05c5e4_384x384.png","width":384,"height":384}]},"messageTexts":[{"runs":[{"text":"Get YouTube without the ads"}]}],"actionButton":{"buttonRenderer":{"style":"STYLE_MONO_FILLED","size":"SIZE_DEFAULT","text":{"runs":[{"text":"1 month free"}]},"trackingParams":"CAQQ7G8iEwiV38vagI6UAxUoglYBHTeSDjo=","command":{"clickTrackingParams":"CAQQ7G8iEwiV38vagI6UAxUoglYBHTeSDjrKAQTZF1Ah","commandExecutorCommand":{"commands":[{"clickTrackingParams":"CAQQ7G8iEwiV38vagI6UAxUoglYBHTeSDjrKAQTZF1Ah","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/premium?ybp=Eg9GRXdoYXRfdG9fd2F0Y2gqEmRtZWEtYWNxLWMtZWdzb1ZEZDoaCAYYASoUChJkbWVhLWFjcS1jLWVnc29WRGQ%253D","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_BROWSE","rootVe":93498,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/browse"}},"browseEndpoint":{"browseId":"SPunlimited","params":"kgNBEg9GRXdoYXRfdG9fd2F0Y2gqEmRtZWEtYWNxLWMtZWdzb1ZEZDoaCAYYASoUChJkbWVhLWFjcS1jLWVnc29WRGQ%3D"}},{"commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/feedback"}},"feedbackEndpoint":{"feedbackToken":"AB9zfpLDRBYUcpP6Htln3Y6Kuy1o5QAxQE2NjJ3Ad5fsIu6Fm_sJh-jmgNkbDNIJJxtZFz85oIESUq3T2qFGUEdxy91po1ULk16RteBq3qXx69nsxGCeqvk1ykn2E4KNIO7_Bj0z90H5vDqBicTLjPPmYdKtFLh9c_jZrUmjoKypZJ8YxZ0MWrA","uiActions":{"hideEnclosingContainer":true}}}]}}}},"dismissButton":{"buttonRenderer":{"style":"STYLE_MONO_TONAL","size":"SIZE_DEFAULT","text":{"runs":[{"text":"No thanks"}]},"trackingParams":"CAMQ7W8iEwiV38vagI6UAxUoglYBHTeSDjo=","command":{"clickTrackingParams":"CAMQ7W8iEwiV38vagI6UAxUoglYBHTeSDjrKAQTZF1Ah","commandExecutorCommand":{"commands":[{"clickTrackingParams":"CAMQ7W8iEwiV38vagI6UAxUoglYBHTeSDjrKAQTZF1Ah","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/feedback"}},"feedbackEndpoint":{"feedbackToken":"AB9zfpJUe04gQu01HMSx7zcqfvem36311FmnWsXJasDrMFk630D8YuFcv-G41x4ywsOSd8Scp3gt7CBVPM714LpdX6i2jjUKEJCU9Z4Avoc9CgzZ6XwLFgRkKEtmhkf4qu8VkjPB6yov0SwyYynqzD3VkonsPuMLR9JrFLZkkhoH29pyuDTY_Ug","uiActions":{"hideEnclosingContainer":true}}}]}}}},"triggerCondition":"TRIGGER_CONDITION_POST_AD","style":"STYLE_MODERN","trackingParams":"CAIQ42kYASITCJXfy9qAjpQDFSiCVgEdN5IOOg==","impressionEndpoints":[{"clickTrackingParams":"CAIQ42kYASITCJXfy9qAjpQDFSiCVgEdN5IOOsoBBNkXUCE=","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/feedback"}},"feedbackEndpoint":{"feedbackToken":"AB9zfpLD6I7n_NjYf3saQJGJeZT31G149__TyjlWLZ_ibxBBoXEw7nxTbiXkUbHebQLwyyEKurcR66cjfmw1-g0ynm3XbkXHvS8f1CGOKgwo7GxuPB1PBpmRwVxzlXSkxqC833dYJ9ayf59i_c_RBQUBXafjShuqG00qPg2JkV0LXH68kEN57fY","uiActions":{"hideEnclosingContainer":false}}}],"isVisible":true,"messageTitle":{"runs":[{"text":"YouTube Premium"}]},"iconDark":{"thumbnails":[{"url":"https://www.gstatic.com/youtube/img/promos/growth/6ad5a99c727579634bc3e2fb67562a2621170bdd11578967392667be5a05c5e4_384x384.png","width":384,"height":384}]},"supplementalText":{"runs":[{"text":"Terms apply. Cancel anytime"}]}}}],"adBreakHeartbeatParams":"Q0FBJTNE","frameworkUpdates":{"entityBatchUpdate":{"mutations":[{"entityKey":"Eg0KC3ppZWtBUkJvNHlnIPYBKAE%3D","type":"ENTITY_MUTATION_TYPE_REPLACE","payload":{"offlineabilityEntity":{"key":"Eg0KC3ppZWtBUkJvNHlnIPYBKAE%3D","offlineabilityRenderer":"CAEaGwoTChEKD0Z1bGwgSEQgKDEwODBwKRgHIAIoABoXCg8KDQoLSGlnaCAoNzIwcCkYAiACKAAaGQoRCg8KDU1lZGl1bSAoMzYwcCkYASABKAEaFgoOCgwKCkxvdyAoMTQ0cCkYBCABKAEiDTILb2ZmbGluZWxpc3Q=","addToOfflineButtonState":"ADD_TO_OFFLINE_BUTTON_STATE_ENABLED","contentCheckOk":true,"racyCheckOk":true,"loggingDirectives":{"trackingParams":"CAEQxzciEwiV38vagI6UAxUoglYBHTeSDjo=","visibility":{"types":"4"}}}}}],"timestamp":{"seconds":"1777292016","nanos":861148835}}}};var meta = document.createElement('meta'); meta.name = 'referrer'; meta.content = 'origin-when-cross-origin'; document.getElementsByTagName('head')[0].appendChild(meta);(function(){'use strict';var m=typeof Object.defineProperties=="function"?Object.defineProperty:function(a,b,c){if(a==Array.prototype||a==Object.prototype)return a;a[b]=c.value;return a}; function n(a){a=["object"==typeof globalThis&&globalThis,a,"object"==typeof window&&window,"object"==typeof self&&self,"object"==typeof global&&global];for(var b=0;b<a.length;++b){var c=a[b];if(c&&c.Math==Math)return c}throw Error("Cannot find global object");} var q=n(this);function r(a,b){if(b)a:{var c=q;a=a.split(".");for(var d=0;d<a.length-1;d++){var f=a[d];if(!(f in c))break a;c=c[f]}a=a[a.length-1];d=c[a];b=b(d);b!=d&&b!=null&&m(c,a,{configurable:!0,writable:!0,value:b})}} function t(a){var b=0;return function(){return b<a.length?{done:!1,value:a[b++]}:{done:!0}}} function u(a){var b=typeof Symbol!="undefined"&&Symbol.iterator&&a[Symbol.iterator];if(b)return b.call(a);if(typeof a.length=="number")return{next:t(a)};throw Error(String(a)+" is not an iterable or ArrayLike");} function v(a){for(var b,c=[];!(b=a.next()).done;)c.push(b.value);return c} function w(a){return a instanceof Array?a:v(u(a))} function x(a,b){return Object.prototype.hasOwnProperty.call(a,b)} function y(){for(var a=Number(this),b=[],c=a;c<arguments.length;c++)b[c-a]=arguments[c];return b} r("Symbol",function(a){function b(g){if(this instanceof b)throw new TypeError("Symbol is not a constructor");return new c(d+(g||"")+"_"+f++,g)} function c(g,h){this.g=g;m(this,"description",{configurable:!0,writable:!0,value:h})} if(a)return a;c.prototype.toString=function(){return this.g}; var d="jscomp_symbol_"+(Math.random()*1E9>>>0)+"_",f=0;return b}); r("Symbol.iterator",function(a){if(a)return a;a=Symbol("Symbol.iterator");m(Array.prototype,a,{configurable:!0,writable:!0,value:function(){return z(t(this))}}); return a}); function z(a){a={next:a};a[Symbol.iterator]=function(){return this}; return a} r("WeakMap",function(a){function b(e){this.g=(p+=Math.random()+1).toString();if(e){e=u(e);for(var k;!(k=e.next()).done;)k=k.value,this.set(k[0],k[1])}} function c(){} function d(e){var k=typeof e;return k==="object"&&e!==null||k==="function"} function f(e){if(!x(e,h)){var k=new c;m(e,h,{value:k})}} function g(e){var k=Object[e];k&&(Object[e]=function(l){if(l instanceof c)return l;Object.isExtensible(l)&&f(l);return k(l)})} if(function(){if(!a||!Object.seal)return!1;try{var e=Object.seal({}),k=Object.seal({}),l=new a([[e,2],[k,3]]);if(l.get(e)!=2||l.get(k)!=3)return!1;l.delete(e);l.set(k,4);return!l.has(e)&&l.get(k)==4}catch(da){return!1}}())return a; var h="$jscomp_hidden_"+Math.random();g("freeze");g("preventExtensions");g("seal");var p=0;b.prototype.set=function(e,k){if(!d(e))throw Error("Invalid WeakMap key");f(e);if(!x(e,h))throw Error("WeakMap key fail: "+e);e[h][this.g]=k;return this}; b.prototype.get=function(e){return d(e)&&x(e,h)?e[h][this.g]:void 0}; b.prototype.has=function(e){return d(e)&&x(e,h)&&x(e[h],this.g)}; b.prototype.delete=function(e){return d(e)&&x(e,h)&&x(e[h],this.g)?delete e[h][this.g]:!1}; return b}); function A(a,b){a instanceof String&&(a+="");var c=0,d=!1,f={next:function(){if(!d&&c<a.length){var g=c++;return{value:b(g,a[g]),done:!1}}d=!0;return{done:!0,value:void 0}}}; f[Symbol.iterator]=function(){return f}; return f} r("Object.values",function(a){return a?a:function(b){var c=[],d;for(d in b)x(b,d)&&c.push(b[d]);return c}}); r("Array.prototype.values",function(a){return a?a:function(){return A(this,function(b,c){return c})}});/* Copyright The Closure Library Authors. SPDX-License-Identifier: Apache-2.0 */ var B=this||self;function C(a,b){a=a.split(".");for(var c=B,d;a.length&&(d=a.shift());)a.length||b===void 0?c[d]&&c[d]!==Object.prototype[d]?c=c[d]:c=c[d]={}:c[d]=b} function D(a){return Object.prototype.hasOwnProperty.call(a,E)&&a[E]||(a[E]=++F)} var E="closure_uid_"+(Math.random()*1E9>>>0),F=0;Math.max.apply(Math,w(Object.values({v:1,u:2,o:4,D:8,G:16,B:32,h:64,l:128,i:256,F:512,j:1024,m:2048,C:4096,A:8192})));function G(a,b){this.width=a;this.height=b} G.prototype.aspectRatio=function(){return this.width/this.height}; G.prototype.ceil=function(){this.width=Math.ceil(this.width);this.height=Math.ceil(this.height);return this}; G.prototype.floor=function(){this.width=Math.floor(this.width);this.height=Math.floor(this.height);return this}; G.prototype.round=function(){this.width=Math.round(this.width);this.height=Math.round(this.height);return this};function H(){var a=document;var b="DIV";a.contentType==="application/xhtml+xml"&&(b=b.toLowerCase());return a.createElement(b)} ;var I=new WeakMap;function J(a,b){a=[a];for(var c=b.length-1;c>=0;--c)a.push(typeof b[c],b[c]);return a.join("\v")} ;function K(a,b,c){if(b instanceof G)c=b.height,b=b.width;else if(c==void 0)throw Error("missing height argument");a.style.width=L(b);a.style.height=L(c)} function L(a){typeof a=="number"&&(a=Math.round(a)+"px");return a} ;(function(a,b){function c(f){f=u(f);f.next();f=v(f);return b(d,f)} b=b===void 0?J:b;var d=D(a);return function(){var f=y.apply(0,arguments),g=this||B,h=I.get(g);h||(h={},I.set(g,h));g=h;h=[this].concat(w(f));f=c?c(h):h;if(Object.prototype.hasOwnProperty.call(g,f))g=g[f];else{var p=u(h);h=p.next().value;p=v(p);h=a.apply(h,p);g=g[f]=h}return g}})(function(a){var b=H(); a&&(b.className=a);b.style.cssText="overflow:auto;position:absolute;top:0;width:100px;height:100px";a=H();K(a,"200px","200px");b.appendChild(a);document.body.appendChild(b);a=b.offsetWidth-b.clientWidth;b&&b.parentNode&&b.parentNode.removeChild(b);return a});var M=B.window,N,O,P=(M==null?void 0:(N=M.yt)==null?void 0:N.config_)||(M==null?void 0:(O=M.ytcfg)==null?void 0:O.data_)||{};C("yt.config_",P);function Q(){var a={};return"EXPERIMENT_FLAGS"in P?P.EXPERIMENT_FLAGS:a} ;function R(a){a=Q()[a];return typeof a==="string"&&a==="false"?!1:!!a} function S(a,b){a=Q()[a];return a===void 0&&b!==void 0?b:Number(a||0)} ;var T=S("kevlar_watch_page_horizontal_margin",24),U=S("kevlar_watch_page_columns_top_padding",24),V=426+T*2,W=S("kevlar_watch_two_column_width_threshold",1E3),X=T*2,aa=S("kevlar_watch_secondary_width",402),ba=S("kevlar_watch_max_player_width",1280),ca=S("kevlar_watch_flexy_metadata_height",136); function Y(a,b,c){c=c===void 0?!1:c;var d=Math.max(a.width,V);d=a.width>=W?d-(X+aa+T+0):d-X;d=Math.min(d,ba);var f=240;c&&(f=380);b=657||a.height>=630&&a.width>=W&&a.width=630&&a.width>=1327&&(f=480));var g=Math.min(d*b,a.height-(56+U+ca));g=Math.max(g,f);b=W&&(d=Y(a,.5625,c).width);return new G(Math.round(d),Math.round(g))} function Z(a){if(a){var b=.5625,c=a.querySelector(".html5-video-player");c&&typeof c.getVideoAspectRatio==="function"&&(b=1/c.getVideoAspectRatio());c=window.document;c=c.compatMode=="CSS1Compat"?c.documentElement:c.body;K(a,Y(new G(c.clientWidth,c.clientHeight),b))}} ;C("yt.flexy.setPlayerlikeElementSize",Z);R("desktop_delay_player_resizing")||Z(document.querySelector("#player.skeleton #player-api"));}).call(this); (function() {var element = document.querySelector('#player-placeholder'); if (yt && yt.flexy && yt.flexy.setPlayerlikeElementSize && typeof yt.flexy.setPlayerlikeElementSize === 'function') {yt.flexy.setPlayerlikeElementSize(element);}})();if (window.ytcsi) {window.ytcsi.tick('gcc', null, '');}(function() {var element = document.querySelector('#player-placeholder'); if (element && element.remove && typeof element.remove === 'function') {element.remove();}})();window.ytplayer = window.ytplayer || {}; window.ytplayer.bootstrapPlayerContainer = document.getElementById('player-api'); window.ytplayer.bootstrapWebPlayerContextConfig = window.yt && window.yt.config_ && window.yt.config_.WEB_PLAYER_CONTEXT_CONFIGS && window.yt.config_.WEB_PLAYER_CONTEXT_CONFIGS['WEB_PLAYER_CONTEXT_CONFIG_ID_KEVLAR_WATCH']; window.ytplayer.bootstrapPlayerResponse = window['ytInitialPlayerResponse'];(function playerBootstrap(){if(window.ytplayer.bootstrapPlayerContainer&&window.ytplayer.bootstrapWebPlayerContextConfig){var createPlayer=window.yt&&window.yt.player&&window.yt.player.Application&&(window.yt.player.Application.createAlternate||window.yt.player.Application.create);if(createPlayer){if(window.ytplayer.bootstrapPlayerResponse){window.ytplayer.config={args:{raw_player_response:window.ytplayer.bootstrapPlayerResponse}};if(window.ytcsi)window.ytcsi.tick("cfg",null,"")}createPlayer(window.ytplayer.bootstrapPlayerContainer, window.ytplayer.config,window.ytplayer.bootstrapWebPlayerContextConfig);window.pis="initialized"}}})();ytplayer.load=function(){throw new Error("Unexpected call to ytplayer.load.");}; (function() {var element = document.querySelector('#player-api'); if (yt && yt.flexy && yt.flexy.setPlayerlikeElementSize && typeof yt.flexy.setPlayerlikeElementSize === 'function') {yt.flexy.setPlayerlikeElementSize(element);}})();if(window["_spf_state"])window["_spf_state"].config={"assume-all-json-requests-chunked":true}; if (window.ytcsi) {window.ytcsi.tick('bs', null, '');}ytcfg.set('initialBodyClientWidth', document.body.clientWidth);if (window.ytcsi) {window.ytcsi.tick('ai', null, '');}AboutPressCopyrightContact usCreatorsAdvertiseDevelopersTermsPrivacyPolicy & SafetyHow YouTube worksTest new features&copy; 2026 Google LLCif (window.ytcsi) {window.ytcsi.tick('nc_pj', null, '');}if (window.ytcsi) {window.ytcsi.tick('rsbe_dpj', null, '');}if (window.ytcsi) {window.ytcsi.tick('js_ld', null, '');}if (window.ytcsi) {window.ytcsi.tick('rsef_dpj', null, '');}if (window.ytcsi) {window.ytcsi.tick('rsae_dpj', null, '');}if (window.ytcsi) {window.ytcsi.tick('js_r', null, '');}var scheduleAppLoad=function(e){window.removeEventListener("script-load-dpj",scheduleAppLoad);if(window["ytsignals"]&&window["ytsignals"]["getInstance"]){var ytSignalsInstance=window["ytsignals"]["getInstance"]();var signal=ytSignalsInstance["onAny"](["eoir","eor"]);ytSignalsInstance["parkOrScheduleJob"](appLoad,3,signal)}else{appLoad();var ua=window["navigator"]["userAgent"];var shouldLog=ua.indexOf("msnbot")===-1&&ua.indexOf("BingPreview")===-1&&ua.indexOf("bingbot")===-1;if(shouldLog)window.onerror("ytsignals missing", "async_attach_app_loader.js",0,0,new Error("ytsignals missing"))}};var appLoad=function(){var ytcsi=window.ytcsi;if(ytcsi)ytcsi.tick("apa_b");var appEl=document.querySelector("ytd-app");var mastheadEl=appEl&&appEl.querySelector("ytd-masthead");if(mastheadEl)mastheadEl.removeAttribute("disable-upgrade");if(appEl)appEl.removeAttribute("disable-upgrade");if(ytcsi)ytcsi.tick("apa_a")};var ytSignals=window["ytsignals"];if(ytSignals)scheduleAppLoad();else window.addEventListener("script-load-dpj",scheduleAppLoad); if (window.ytcsi) {window.ytcsi.tick('ac', null, '');}var onPolymerReady = function(e) {window.removeEventListener('script-load-dpj', onPolymerReady);if (window.ytcsi) {window.ytcsi.tick('apr', null, '');}}; if (window.Polymer && Polymer.RenderStatus) {onPolymerReady();} else {window.addEventListener('script-load-dpj', onPolymerReady);}(function() {if (window.ytAtN) {window.ytAtN({'R': '\x7b\x22responseContext\x22:\x7b\x22serviceTrackingParams\x22:\x5b\x7b\x22service\x22:\x22CSI\x22,\x22params\x22:\x5b\x7b\x22key\x22:\x22c\x22,\x22value\x22:\x22WEB\x22\x7d,\x7b\x22key\x22:\x22cver\x22,\x22value\x22:\x222.20260424.01.00\x22\x7d,\x7b\x22key\x22:\x22yt_li\x22,\x22value\x22:\x220\x22\x7d,\x7b\x22key\x22:\x22GetAttestationChallenge_rid\x22,\x22value\x22:\x220x3128eb8d4ac8b5e9\x22\x7d\x5d\x7d,\x7b\x22service\x22:\x22GFEEDBACK\x22,\x22params\x22:\x5b\x7b\x22key\x22:\x22logged_in\x22,\x22value\x22:\x220\x22\x7d,\x7b\x22key\x22:\x22visitor_data\x22,\x22value\x22:\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%3D%3D\x22\x7d\x5d\x7d,\x7b\x22service\x22:\x22GUIDED_HELP\x22,\x22params\x22:\x5b\x7b\x22key\x22:\x22logged_in\x22,\x22value\x22:\x220\x22\x7d\x5d\x7d,\x7b\x22service\x22:\x22ECATCHER\x22,\x22params\x22:\x5b\x7b\x22key\x22:\x22client.version\x22,\x22value\x22:\x222.20260424\x22\x7d,\x7b\x22key\x22:\x22client.name\x22,\x22value\x22:\x22WEB\x22\x7d\x5d\x7d\x5d,\x22mainAppWebResponseContext\x22:\x7b\x22loggedOut\x22:true\x7d,\x22responseId\x22:\x22IhMI_trL2oCOlAMVjVlQBx3dcxA3\x22,\x22webResponseContextExtensionData\x22:\x7b\x22hasDecorated\x22:true\x7d\x7d,\x22challenge\x22:\x22a\x3d6\\u0026a2\x3d10\\u0026b\x3drjw10-a1rkpFzqT_dibvlsIaRUY\\u0026c\x3d1777292016\\u0026d\x3d1\\u0026t\x3d21600\\u0026c1a\x3d1\\u0026c6a\x3d1\\u0026c6b\x3d1\\u0026hh\x3dCSIwO12qS6hnwgqRX4eN_VAJeUFd60M-8-vgIvD3TI8\x22,\x22bgChallenge\x22:\x7b\x22interpreterUrl\x22:\x7b\x22privateDoNotAccessOrElseTrustedResourceUrlWrappedValue\x22:\x22\/\/www.google.com\/js\/th\/tFlgh3vcjwdXGn3emHniF-gR5D1hxoaFKd3DGQF7sI0.js\x22\x7d,\x22interpreterHash\x22:\x22tFlgh3vcjwdXGn3emHniF-gR5D1hxoaFKd3DGQF7sI0\x22,\x22program\x22:\x22lRRh453Fn1tiB1ojXs8wsCWsZSKu\/eKWdlMR3e7xijPW4Dg5YWO+A2FQDK6R7ZiWns4YIG0lLyY\/ksdDKJNwj6hKDZq+UzIIvFjZlUNl7XUlfj0pnWi0uF4KZs\/ll28JNyVZcmVJRNBtBHQu6dfYVUXSnse+ZAeO+P4JsnJsYMc74dZgFeEq9GJy\/80BPwyKV5ixBbhofdHAQUw16FGvC78vsocEQvKFJO2NjertKHjumb+XR5c2VC7vQX2x3NdVCAVLXfXv\/M97gBu4+e39H1ZwS+ftxl2JgwR9ZBqwtCQfwuzYaNfHvfDM2qgc3u8peXoQIUjdDDuQ4UGyw9duWapE34bXBaNxaT51H93i7giRMJLadD9JaqkblPSMSSr\/JUq4zzsV5X+pvW593FxVkuKu3i9+\/MpO7xnTbfffdTPePxokKtrdRXsUGZb1868FOMPgA\/fEu8bnTRwAhq6o0B+nK3XgyYrI1bnhciEhA2eNCyVzPMPieCiBizCB1Q23f4qTnX\/5Vrwqd1+GDCh+jiDMvxXBEYk6alvoUCBN6SbNTIEIgnos5w+scHZQUuWgCkkuqHHWyXYsSFKtfbNib70Yvqv1JUe3al5XPqNNChk+CY074+23WbrqdK\/JfkMtsYb6lAkcZbZ32xjBuvjUI7s46BODkk6obgA9gXn+0nk5rPWOMJCxnIqQuInBanBqu7gYXohwS2TNYvqMXBBs5ReAMuHp9bubgaYWLlLFLgPt0qL9R5JFs\/cP6bD6QB\/Oz7XtQIyt3X+9gvTrGORAggvs7qZri26XZPSUs5nckOahLGKufABdU2uKDd3lOf+Wsb4deXTdG+\/bes6erIMytev3ciPGvy8EijVcS9jmzecjydUrx9J+Flmz8KB3uOzKoYjSWLb5y4\/zhT5b21ka8Wu5QpLWBLz85ljQWW3LjzVEyreIpMTfU4kpGPYEjbeVqTDJ3bC+9mL6TL\/yzNB+LjMMQoL\/ULVleTAs9uowPZjqen\/8B2ECkkbYh+C9m4HEMcwIW7\/FPvDuQAgtVNcJ+j5D4eiGMDhh3x2xfA9G4cy+DcBhd1II6nx5AxGIgGkkHvIfvQHTO9ufALVpfgJxZZrZhQq+moh+7js6ORuHFnwvyqRDT2E61qVhOD7jSzFxFOuORiEOZ466OshQ79hBSfQvfSHpkm5QFUqUsDh\/eGo4eiuS8goCRNB4B6XDm+9TaHj+luqQ3qtmWJ8jvynwyznioAxRFdcsbBXieFftJUC8C5TN+SPPoc+jM7vFWdW8cqN7EISs+pd8NnXZilqK2Y08BId1\/QwvWm0uvYVJbmWZ2BvEqyTTL7aaDyA6I3NNu8MlFi4QG0VHIq0UzQTcSgoq0r33nWOXQ+Zp0YvGgqGUzDbOlfbIYeipDCDFQn9wjlzryporlhqvWEtSL4JgWRj\/+burzM16+tE\/JHFrBE7I8CO8oN3PXadvPNC+rsk7sTObZXFuSYG5rTkFMROY\/zWf1tp\/+ba0fH+W36jfuBODkk1A8RUnRDaYLFiJqRSYzb+Q1ERoj21iG0wgQNVaTGaQgpLStyUlPrr9W6qH8gvsP5WjAu1b\/ybq1h42aTGkdd7zkCQ5v01xG7jx5DMqJr7S1MnJQXazFJZyfjd7WfyIpgpKMF5PhUl360\/1WTwutk72K9Bx36\/JVacj5PAvPaDWtbS+5M17BYGaafE1zaasJMybOSGdIP4vd0sCJsbaaG\/WnXo289lXnhGo0shxDyO3NEpXsompPEcskkmVKgMrrFMRWFRtys8oJHQmq5jtwRqMQCrcvBOKQizgtY61PBzqQZS3iihLDBt+DCr8rp3kDHAuPFk1QGp2m+VIWjan71k3580IxzWcxpBPGhimPT2PrMT\/TWuNKdGXwnWz07diuuZO8QMH\/\/Y6GIp2Wk4yIkqIU\/oGVKZQx1uSa7vmS54vk8yLN6sdxyrzNtkT\/h7cCCGxNj7WQHUXz6qMtTCkCxQPTOyJp\/Tt2R+VoB3LVkT178azm5bV3kFqymRAhVVZ7l0VfT\/IQ+zXSOx2F8Padjs4u5SzGM2yJTCx1KqcjQ+brsEKYkAp5tw0aOhRM3NOT9F2FIdDPwdxLtR9eJ\/lDj1WvXbrvTKLyy39PKMUIXJev\/KPN3CRKQzqNHMEdAbWEMkTIMXLi2OrInR18dC9yGiOT55Pcm3cye6Sw14yHriuhPBY+wLqQjyeK0xcxZIkb\/1GD8pFdCPJdEqZ9U4K2th7LPa8pzddXH6qONSvlA\/3zeJghaSUpglzA9cnlMpj6pvrjqvNKsstNfR1o15sgwYE1C76Au81UrPNpUgi4b+2SaSJU18\/MXZSkcC5oz8ZjPDYIqNpnMhEcPevNFXMAwpq5WaD38bZ2Ud1qUOwD5BIslisg5Areck2FNZ5yeVOQBpEBNX+Ui9ZsoCPJm\/TDEnSbNfad9D06FBwRMb+QdE\/504Y7y9JT6rVOFQ1dW3V3XAbhh6oGGjhSO7FC4zQy24kTwAnnXAGrQe5CkDWXZ27MapG95IAiFxTUkUN4AWcYJi4ndIptWEvIPuftx4qoBhvTdej1nYeAMzaK36fGD9ZhZyG2jF8GtiQLMwKGEH3p7OPj3CYe8z4Y7ERFZKrli7Zx+WZfsBUraplJavEuGp6+3XSVSFkzMFl3Sk9\/rHsEV4EOScE3zj0tytehG2gWal0A0it5zpNxCwag6xDjJio73DuP1W3i1mIykt0CIGPjDciKPfyuUt7azMYkxQlIeTqgJnJmJegCpfgEIBSMN3MoXXaExClV96lfIlWBrGhlxyE9dH8h2\/6ctFUqv\/jKJsxahfRdotdnt1sR6MzdRHfJG3jdP5ciG8G8+Gsoz9f3X5BDSUmGzatNdrbjUIs+nua8fKCfE9H4khMIrdp4d7E72G\/qAgf72EELRkGc8VkE\/dQlzG5h9aaFgAcmB4fZcfsuzIHHftemfxHQZELfDcUlWBsfz+XF9tOnSHQxY8a+8kKtiI+hdybLd2RZZWDrWKP\/P+4LoKAdPMG+oM71bSH+dfLo\/z5\/UT5C8U+1enc\/wof8xZR\/AH94uVTrnWmKQqVrPp5jppe5eUJyyLsNCgv94R3YXVxq0eGo9a1ntxKYTULHWfwAfj83a3hSRZRmCraubMOHhDPSkHBTvV3jtL\/DyfL5ZFpIzKciDLwxeARhpFXILrZ+RPPEdaGvvY7W7ksCQTrGxwFVMIlxkYhs2wr+6FnDedaD2eZBoCpvxCfx2N1TyfOej+Ax+4d6dr5o3wNDmnEk2A08jtujVLoWc8g15I9s5riv2dq1mtUuy766V98ERhjTINSAm5\/5bRVlyUK0bRribqs8Tala752Oe1suuvqG8+CFaiubDi434E4ss\/nTLfl+u2h0\/+zEq1H0qAyWGfxzv548Asjaam9JOM+\/IuR433BopyhEJwiX1OiDH7QdRwuI5zOBnoGMbFPS9g2Ba+4IFVy15fWzSMGyAjyv1kZ\/7YGJaZ8c5uVIiDxadY2+jp2WXTfAnjTlcKrAXmz6pqBRq0FS8OZ79prT1l1mG6Y2tfZ1xfxSM5o2tAbR7bpWYL2cURM6ZgJcFxo4IqenfqB89SG2XLrIpfVB\/DwkmRIj\/pSOBsWZl93QyKAX7jN36GY6aERLJJtWwA4FzKYzgL826DlVZbL7+qgJdBLQrR5OgtzojrLC2+wu7qC39dDF2plkctJU+cNvpeXdy1QzUA\/D5rx\/O2QDT+S\/Wwel\/8jYfaT8CYvdTPJyrWPC3MGRzJO4P3VO913gSZbq4wjmn+UQbCqg3GT4GhlvYiTdK4BQk14fDL8YxZZFM2oktPFDeTRUG+ChMPjYqg5pLOldCS\/EYo2FMtneo0BNp\/OTBSUEDQ49Xwz8xNP5IhIJBy\/0eCT\/z9TEde7GxGDt0BmdvS1FMm8bN3de8u\/xwdp\/J9RgvGfzdL\/ILnafLFTXQ+8MJOhqG8dGS9GX9tIlx1OJ4kK1r19aoT9ijlOsy44rkLD6coOfia3dkt1uTSYUrLFduq1hVVGcDVzWQVR4aDQ5kDpCn1b5mdarPhJDCPrPfkk68YuDzwQgGF6sjzjs2zGNATfH28sVmk5caMlcYFWru1Kkgs0GIMTlHqVVBw6oJFIAUByuz2lxncbGt6m81rRv\/GwlWY2xjhxjJ2HXKvxttqqBKrfLAkSUtGZeXNe\/WO7SDnvvLtMsr9h+b15thV4Zqd7iO+Plu3K6k7P4eUNA8kyUjAh+zazrtDgUJfr5Ebf8HdHp5i+nhZeAFxDNU1DbtXdVmSmfe1Q87QYwHCWsYp77AdMqLEjdxuCbi\/NyKY7gzGwpsdD\/SPSBWGPPvzRdgShcurFRKGtFPKlSkK0Roitu8nnLVDtekH+1L73NRfPcF\/Ml85fZO6r\/rsxS2bkdCei6vkaqxpWFvX42IRhul1pMZjC4Hq0ph4FvT5lMlSZPc4jKvZDPoVYnH5t0n60NYP8Th\/nEcna43AB6LHz9kZ5Oj7ddxgDIa6yKQ0xeI23QL8eYIvRQ6dYOHppbgjUpfwdn1j9DJJzWNhxRZR9oJ\/07mtog\/cKZok5mmIHMHqkVM98JClXboPvgMcZuIoNi8nHA20EOMCdknkgrV+AbW9WrXK2yA9pS27ycU6ol9O6h+RlB611REV4kzmLUA0UQsYWdC\/WI72bmfTwlF2NKdo8M308aRzceO55GCNabFZUiSgvBGT6PF3mqWE\/akBmkIfXI7h\/rIiEe5P\/aC8FILyil1p3ecl8o5PMDjzzFeCkFU2MGZB73gKjH+UH8cb8PFEd3Q3Q6bza6gIhukIwbB8hpLN8CSSEB\/Cta3tUqwRNCnaikZ0vk9G6yF\/TWAuJK\/32WzD8HXaNrUq5pahnk7UjNang1VE2HzpptuNMw9tTeA8iaLtFUD6qZcAwEj\/fQOTzwIrLOXjEFYw9g4DYCtZTRDZJhPCQeJbGJ78kgHS8SMZFrVUSGd3XDeBHyM9lfUUwtp2QanuBNeHjzHJbxQY1fYclVKt8xhqFm2HFFua1iuoYPWr\/fiNX33mU6bnbnDK0+cK4tlEoeLUF8c3LMa\/AiHZ9r9\/Npv5u20Iw1VaQQUkGshvf8LGZSru+zRdRl20fqNBpMznc\/r0CsIEGVL76SEhk8brqjBT9JdKoVfCdKLV7gWomWqRSIjgO\/NxwWG7KnZx4gMhX6xbn2DaPlyLzKp8ghVUynw7Mkr1vf1\/Xicx7II5aVpE4SFZ2M3iRgU34JIr1wMnrdn4eiKPqRelOLbH1Ru5fAN1AzmySEnXxAzI610dvpCAq1PuBbGX7lqqP285Jd9gwNGIc1+YXwMPs+qVzdKaFMifIMuftDCJ0U00o7qWfisZ61bMsoknBPYTPkjQ9VbFaUibUSm4y71DO8Yir4F\/LsHlNktpVB3pH13ml6VNWJPF33Iy\/sBWkx9mex3\/XmG+RkWnotxCQ5C1A9LCpJwcYMkhPr\/9HxdeC8pB6+pcL1jQ\/CEDttv6QIVU+iUwaY6JmWqywAN8XjZUHWhuKyp3LwMDmFcrTSgvVIFnX85Ai4yjL6tn6WQ5jPiCiq0BvrtwXiakur3bV7f9ns8g+scWghHPOf9l\/p5K8ylIFf1be046VSznq2XPRo3cGJLqIO4HPalzxRxdySl8CnjmqGHSDovsfG8IPxraiw6IGVYxrqM8iQCZAGuFOXcA2Av1L\/TNrdOToOgZcMkhh3A5E2oOiOm5C2DDiEaENWh+8ALGehPWHNiP1+b0ByaQqNhUwFiop8LQme1BfLfhz8irkAwjPxSQoZju8QqjZ7KHmGFv0LZFmZ6QMbL62SolGt86aDSnoPVY+sz+KCNGVC02zT3kdDI64nQK5F6LpwBgfcy1YlqXUHqYHzrHSk47J+caRio5UYjBYmdzKctoJoOsGwXgh\/yvVoXy3O+orYvnD2cmGKenu6XVm4chzmyFHFJUSw6yC\/rVYXav1nHMxsGo2wNHyd5M9cJN9\/3wxuY\/WpgEvEUcsKKh6wIFNw53pFoPFiRemNoLr7Q7rCUSS6SCoKuKWOipF0z5265UEuoW9pVjjizwk2RKGdylN7B5sKyuIHSBUdU0b+ySGVlVane3yd0AO8hHaV7ww6Sw1y2K0JO7dl1VIri101M27PHweZcdGG5j29eNA3hePJCLXp3R5MfoE5x8ACSaHdXw+gFr2YchkGe3wlW2hf8VF6it\/6jeItI3GYP1vr8g8gjJWkwcQO14ordw92uYsWLLKdWq\/laMhw5ynCALX4WuLboSu8XrST1T7j9CNmEfgzEryeCfU0xFSWuQcpBa\/c0szTZjQcqwhxqD4tdl5AGd4L8LSo5fmxhYXZhPeYhiylZPVOHjzQ2Ktx4A5jKDTwU\/SfV29cyGmnxm1+85C5h12++jqrR0G6ohiZqSgMCkSaT2vkHJXsi12l0yknt6b9DYs\/Ixx5scjjaHv0htsJtLjmezt3qD7QHhCkmSv83PyM6gadeobe7klNtAsWXrAUI0p40qyOKx4BwMt3lT8SQNo0WnWLUY4jGprxBG3E9lgBN+ouFBcYP\/bsyOPC+YGsCGkM4An8bOECaDv6cQE+p+1yK\/L+KoTU\/J9CmVwBzEXX\/3+cpI+GHoT+wyHqO2Vv8wlSYvajZ6WKeFJC3Fg\/ZrARR4AXOHeXTcWlcf0SsiXUBXvQ5GeBjE+IY\/XeXDF0BFeNMiey1Q0lspEWGRoTz9YbTpXEPk9jY8jtG4qsNTj\/lQZEOVzYVD2w8siSOn6Qn\/drqMGdJswj\/PXdp8TiYExYlGfTWQMgS+T9\/7tQISuHVLvg4fiZyGArCISCYm7ZzUbi3jrMbK+iLUxaxkThYB7SRs+4QbADXBfXf\/ASRaLF64YDq91NADRn3aN4Q93SAnHVnVMo1XQgyipWjGNSRHUUtxBQDeKG55h99uCJYH3PUsfv957LVKrXqALDv0LjAB1\/Grfj61EVnBnDz6bfNmnOzlDNyZNs4BbTS87ef84aNFqpAMrXYI5FChGuNzMFHw\/EVgPBnAhq0wyDBYAsF2km73xQUi7a9i8bCBRdvtV1wsAroHRE0cxuy9zTWTBH4hCEDL0IuVtFjV9bRdWrtUwPU\/TeL7lE9lOVX291FBu++e3wp0WDwLx+\/JBNjeLSO\/iU0ny5h2bKcHcAiuYwZgIVgaRWbGn6ncAPQY3L0TcmAe+SQ\/fMHYfi6eKZI7NaUwEFj97l7JUXGa\/FYrEGUjfP2xMLt4K\/hNL1mHDbLedYGTv1RLOmgLuJeV5k\/ZuIvwpcGvfCMDNPjAtZV7j8JEiijpX2ResFOB+MnZFGiu00EplOVO5ifjD4wZ2LY7t\/XdG\/hn9Ycnhs6nEYrNgZGl\/MEmOQWEJzgsy5xiUIegbjvJVABwc3v8ItWNgltRcSJhcyvczctqVqU02dyH7xDFDcjcBnMG9JA8\/NXu6pJ3SccCfU\/hrL0B7zwivdeZPs2DbvlVTgvvf7kLsvRSdfJbL11LHYe7EGWKX45ejomFuSDW3gwe\/Jb8KvFeKgd5FsbfUCUPiMMjTl57EZ+WMbhPyqQaTYW8YXzpRZ1vKv8FqNwJd+rZveeZ4PHgNnJstMyddxy8AqAKDW9Q92lYJjwExjrh1bxvogues4CDwP8dWIEdBjRxFg+Q5iD+cmHxYemOl9BmBDPE73XdEu7mNAl6ud7sV5KFHuu+HJQ137y4o7u87X6rBFDT3L6Wc+ueuICnpjhF4WnizfvX\/DgzypQnVJeC0nXgr+dNB3tUToaL0iJnay3I6\/LaMStrIvDxZ\/5HIFzPhyUMhn\/xb960J4ox8q0uJkWARHibcqc4zRzK6J6eSfsjt\/m92LTcZ5i5vUO1GdKGfjAXGi0PV3NYghwGc\/pguEMU0iPZnWK0R\/mfjyzAlNcjDcUefvCUk+PRLn5JlKQAjnIJFDsFGMtxDIw+0pUvhtWeHIfy\/mmrfuzxHSazKhgyHzHK5EAZImLop9aKfyN55h9iIK1EaYcX6n1WMjrakOtImbawWceFg9Qt8ev\/mBcW0M3bJqI6\/bHZbRPVcTQdqkRNg9vA6QBrcj5q+ezA2n\/MJwikNr3\/yViK4z91p7q6On1LgaVEI3ySFBIyUpEgP7pAUYCU59xYxOU931Jo9sum6zaOGhLQ\/2p0ZX3x89Gdk9zat6tkrUUKKSNDIbkblsQAmgBaHumoHHr94kuCv6ksUuMXt9MvYvwfb9OUL62CYS2nqtkMKrPCogVPZZVkHkbGSl5rOaoNbEOSSznr3cMexCNKRcCkaMqPM5youBvGVF21MOEXppr2qmXr4HQEqtYyflLvQ9m9dSFnmQG\/ckQunP4ER\/5gh\/vEsPxgEa59UlW5ikmcp9eGiCtVbS5JmD1e7aUFkM2rA0yWDoD5maTU5j4tHzswEjxcAM\/v4QuQ\/lcLkAnuSBRpEG7dGyX3aT6gy2vzpd+RBl8SicgKkDmNo6eiq39SD9fZIKbcvtNSnycdmaNbjGzSOGn\/NftzHdHgThHJ03luzGMwudWdLJ9W+rgQ\/d8j18tS9wgQ1yrFrUXdpRaXk1u+aSKKeDFatz\/Umg4SeQmbm0ii0UVACUcR\/X0zVlY0qoePHJOzFx+tqQDhTSn46vbcshe+IjGfxK7HB0N8WfLT3kEZABLp1SW8iHGu45UXOA1yn3OXJ\/6fvZmkQKhRMGQQ9tDq7dspax0DZG7QvCw2hk9hmAOsTHd\/9M0fUO9CbvMGm5AErO8i20GKF6a4Y7O37m2UWHXiknLTo+C1nAwLYP5AaraC1LZud6JeyyYmtzgzmOJB9TZHHz5ONCkkfLNTZgbzJjIq9g9JlQwAP2JKdvgOtEjpocvc6s9o0vf6jPYzZdrcZkUqMO4YizusWIkVamE4teec8Yv7jOCggH0CBDvza6Er25akiwyTLZCwNLOYW8B96IghmvQrwbeUwMwvbla7D3sV1avf36sXDXHTPTysm2aS1WAs\/GSt2Atjdbyuz4zT6G1Y1A2Ux5Kqma4GMov5\/JnQsIX3U0Gp0R9BFXJA8MCwvbR64dTwv9\/UXUVKncS7vsy+yGXKItVZHj62buaHedYJMR2rhD6O\/X1G8kXf7fmM1dy3Vy8vE0+BvwnUbyuesmoDlRDTqKZlm7\/ngBnkN1NZQUV94WlXQY6vJJb0PaTptPMN7Y7vxvLFAuQrn\/dId8KpakYkZAvO7dXhjTg6DnK5hXO7L3aa1l8zSMZbdyBzQuXKiMuhls0Fcc7fYAqhWwwUBidSvqTEJFbik9NryHQ4TU8zGgheOB9KtncnkCt14RU8qOvk7gWg4OY7d9ODolIcexq5t2iWXNcMgW\/cSnAoIZKvlukgWfuKlNe97zP7GY4wc6SJdXZuS5d8aPbqowJBQKaTaxF5aO4k16osFiKGKIezS97ENnNOtx9ra24w49Q50qF2ZJ69Zezzcy7LRRiX2u10RpkIPWJdX\/7cRgxJ0Aod+GV7HVW4rH\/edQXA+gfMfehfyDB\/L1FOCbMinIIuduqiz6LEu6h8NEtrXyH3YfGLrD1FZESJXSPfvr6O9CF13kyEqOymp0Ng720tALz09MMz5Y2o4ytlJ41ioGby6Gct52DuSK3S92vfacHVCGXI34W5CoKOF7EcUnhb2UgOnPbk3qBxzvWms3EI0XpVD0x4bAxd8ZQmq4Cwwq5uGt5Ztza6QCy0accwqVwtLFD\/wm8wDt7Q+9uxw9\/fMpgCRxRCeWIvIwHZRGYge3+QCSPZdWvUoteADe9fS13BiQw\/GruMbWS4374O0UezCab1kIM4rcUg0lv6ELMZHjEvPfmV4ZlcdBFfJ95UK1z25O\/sGvcLb6GIL44MWNEBSzcZGlE7b3aEvn4z0jI6plDFKKaK7bdvCIrW316lWC2b6\/svgSQKmRcKHkgNwCfhLk01OlgVIS6mt\/wpQE\/4c1YmUkpDiyBFXhRzTKZLnGEwZ0YGd8kOVTUQHqRRzwoggwhXYkFfsntsCxr5AhMvYbARD4z8sbYt2lGiN20nddqTAK+OCdiieYSn7eAC+zDYVQ2j\/XaTUOp7A1VdGO3DA3Fu5FpfEx6CLbspyBuswm4QW4iU1n6mqeBYefl01NT08ZAOXGCjjRwAxHxw5CTQEnROQGyygOjL1JUNG156mzhWRQ9VTlJt8N2k\/NsszVO2n5TFeCfZAHAUyO\/lRTgYOBVNElV2YpnrgnJw8oipqfOB7BFuCVjjXom8gQrT8sNR+j4tqwqXgx34MPE9GasEuYH9aUHVhEGLCFrVctCPMhpP0oX59UrG0I4JUQWaICtx8Jsul7FSN+r9F4\/pLf8649DY3qXHiHxsDVHyDmQRRR3+Rb1GcvbYM2xd\/wKchH4L0UaqqQTnqfscLJAEYEAExP3wuqB\/Fry0CDdmIXUoNUOA8zz35si7Iiz2pe7EfqmgDEGQoYCzTIXm\/z+V\/ZDYLyUe0JhmxsimtIoxXl1\/I+l8ONOJuVO\/IshUVEjIwGqS3rIF\/6DZ0LXXyEVULXCqFR9cV\/7QJV9u22JOiDksQv14TyVI4YkuOqYH55fv6JGb1tm79an9+\/NEMH3XCuwWNxEF3bLnMuvdYDQGsI0Crkj+chzOkKfAd4vbXbzaEXwnfnwNvrHm7LDLcJUm255doMlfZW4SPFIW32g1vigMaJYFhTBdxgHQE2UQyMRdWQzwrZjJ3ixBqOfGa7yiFDdYAM3X68CaSNxEp84MFJBiTvlvt1fEhRtpbk0J2s+n1oOX8lSTPICvSdpu8InENnf7x1nexp46eQRlprtRq1Ys7tCpvx7bSGOws5+E\/8uEBANvpWI\/0xH5uATKOoTTiWR0RLPT8WLJ1yUsjtJxQWbO1ehff\/3EH9E8jo0VPyhwAYIG8eCojE\/sFVTDGq3A9jw1mbrYbviWPmFubBsqT37vcxCHkCrZYg2TUsOu3MukyuLmgTcMQU+A\/am08lUg8eQTEveRSuhjAnJjPtwxEfWmB6vQQTPmxu2dJZKRMosJVPJP9OWwkGj6pyiBO1FqHrLT31jZkug+3SuwQtSgSaHPsG7gss2U+QVIpfnx8egYGkI0Cm5kYdpMEgBbvPsRPE+ev6ngbOZQJfbxPkVBXvOBR3SeJqtU\/bPOfTTNvShFu31akO7VMoo8MKYfbp4gzQig\/xZNuqxR3iO1Fa4nZGvi2D2fUnPdeTuIr1KuLH3mMzxJPqRDodJlK\/PIT1AlVBjZG4nKdd4C8hdBZJXylJCZ8yhZ1FleprmM16yCYNrSVN\/\/oHp8ynT35II7ir4AEUSWQSpuCipiFF9tuzHrqLDxwmauJUI8e+FfJe+15PFzvmF\/68NKz2xFELJMm+Ynh6RZorqcS2a1jNxPY5MIFXsa8z1qhmYXh5y837mEQCICMNTfkAeKr8S9ffO88qzvQFnyZ+7X1frY7a8NXFFK6m373XlFd\/63uRjKZ7bpg2ovQyoAWuciicZeF+p6HXYe3O6cxdxnBwN0QrPJYNRz9iRLTk3vG7PmA6KqJU738DClYoC8j0m8aZw6dAYI+MK+uTmQMrLlOPh1WaiOjzIfvDuaIYI1lJGCI3lDft11NLqgqlgAkqfbKlCd6TdgBTCUfccmw3MNQmvj+L9YSnqeAdSvlXfS8VglVJngEijudtmPNeJx8BHin7WxEUstuhEgKLkMi\/QbMdFw7GqSfAwX3V7u8SdsRQ39Ogn6mCvc4ipQPZhffPp18s\/9kZPofApBBbQDdTou3w4+pRkmD5+kEft3rOGL223z8Q1rH5YFUEhYq8LgeSoekAE5ihJFkdaiTZA6z64EbHgB64nyYkuEgTAUH\/\/vNDZlFiZ66DjFbNMSd2nKwpGb7R4o1bNHs6+bzjMRKghye8+G8P1WvJlkhRSFbu\/Hl2IEkCXKRxdfJTHbQmbDdPfGqSmWZhLyc7mTNHDqV07veNIk\/odgUFc7lCrJ8s\/xPt\/b7fHrr4QzRlNqlcpBtwcEVF0z4pLR2\/SdBQ53u1DcF4qWYAiuaPC1K4z9RYAvqHKWgdRwe7HiKqOQYSA0Hf6pnEZviZ+T+Tekj9PIBeog1iZc\/f8Q9muj8sZKYa+Cw8yLCmNyUGBGnPUBnbGc\/vc3qdwXNkU1VR8HKy+zPzQgg6XHFtko4vABf4wiVHqcda8Uz8Pe0PvfFaY4eXQlw06Lxb\/SD0Vn+huNiTp8Rm7jD\/UBd8GraG+I3s0V9J5LRDZ6UslwwC1yBi6EvR2kEVWksclI9DcsYEiPyw0P9WrpkrYhQpn0RWhaQsvCPnxJUIuIIrZNZB2XH6fc5df1KRhZnlbCtPgnjqmCqS0vB\/tUBEMrRkKHAGQHh+J7WRmQzkVviqlRR2pJBmkNOTcX4nToE\/F3ha30p776lWWdDDaAbqbz5ZlUQj8oc7Xi3UC51RdspyHleYxUChZ\/Sl6dDAhT2WHIfnweCBgQiWE6hlz6ygzOX3bMqvtEAnOC7508Y7zvmb6Jn+UlwVOnWwxPATerLqH+It479w8EfzwP2Sv1K5pc5RZVxggo5ijp6HwEXc8eYwmOiT1evtUewCrx2NJVgz9H5rRj2+UxkKODY2Aq47ioVRIY1c6CYdT9FCZtPWV5gkMbxOdbM\/vfJbuwxHs+DWyZMN0Jq87b1aP6kc24yFLCmAWDHpPsWDlslenVIheRhUMx8z6BsE\/jmnN7voifmPOQcUmbcqFlfGcRvQ8pPVbn+AVbzCYjZ+eir6QJ1+Wo9nBokLf2Cz9lybjl8V6Vrhg4sEagRZMYfyQ4Vy1b2MZnLuQHggJWOsIkD9vLjUO4odx\/J33qyGvd8SFQJVgdGHFTm5\/e3xDCMfjZBNMqwrEPOML7\/cJmwGpV80QJwOXPhfjraKlAt67kEx4Ce7+ssGj5nZHnIF0EwLZjgcX7QuT3HN2G66duNZ9K2j69mHO2mBBx6WXpjS4vjvkvb7Vl1vNsjAykl6KHCG25hWLMnppnCkXfGHzoRQZJnIp6Mq3oAV3\/HOtKiIsckby4HDPWsRRynGHdAX2QpJ3ePhKnU6np0q2VBPxRTA2JfeZceernyjKPkKbWW5L7Ibmkbfu2dh7Z0+ddaNLzR8ww5151bzrmGzNyA0R6wK17vXp4WbcQ0lo2LEVgQAeyJ2veRx7wq6uOCOrA\/RCcP9LJewtDzYM8tO8kwXkOf69Lg3kvhStDdH\/6JYTFMu0aYLWUBaaAG1sxmRkTZByfxNMX94upKUn32ccSy29qmbrUY64Jru2TcknE0D6HfW\/dI76MHvlNDphCRyhkhRVwCm0ZeS5EyDhf2Xxj41C3dJ7uMS6Yzd7bHxSCjKycN1197Zj9vRq4lWTtYhVsRcKMv4gmJ\/rglrL+gBuCIERs\/H7ppiuY+t4YquY1w0ZSBo0isV1aPjB5sa0ADGf0\/04VHqoRMdmJfuQ8POhBnya+GxcBdoN00+EzPI3jmehm8ICzhRpI\/HCQJ7lw784Uq+6DiAmuxd7ygNmTP0s\/yCBJcWRo4tUj8y6R8Uh+kuFQ4foz6Pm38Q6QFYdqaOlJsAxnUsKMEVFTFaT7rzyZS9onjVYA6PFZBb8+TDL8t\/9I56GGVejLzYjYuY4Yf0cnKQCou0kzQNMAlesZX8cq3EqvkiI64dodmYcGe9nhK153hIvbY6WAtaZIenx36MgVIlrb06DQgT5habSpPmXC0bFMQKzwZnLSFOj8\/SbRZeBgEkH0aDqs\/\/ZK0XWU\/kK5ACCbKQF5fA+dZ13dHovyazYZp+DEjrDVjHxFm2Pum3hb45970tDXvAZcFwi97hMe5iO24wCm2Ke2mnUDuSxbvTcvJSw1\/+KVXoTawI2Yu\/YZF4K1Sry6W6lOqezLQ2DMyc47qCYSEs4DG3KkHdXvRq+A9+uCEVpv0Kpmmz7ySEGSoZ\/V7yRT1a0ut2o\/13OeTC98JkNOx1RL\/CHyd0SRHgW6ylPwDLNIMxCMHNz9V2NSHXpF0qSUdENFFfkrO9gZ8qx40yh8KcNQl2MEytGmOMndahVHBY0FzXoKD12mxdTgEOOzL7fvTYizVuPy6IuEn4GFCe7aqohJUKbozuQHVpRy2ovfzgAVceRtFNJv0gO8do1r\/6q975uooTjf8TPKnbkj\/PCFdl5dZOr5CW1Sc+XXZLXVBVZdRBRKizQtrHjl+z1saBnNT0vCybK96oeOHWtuuaBBJnOx9nRlCJgsCTlLYcaUjDNxZ3Ep7cotSg6IQO8t+zhh1JC6tE0QzdccXilpnHgKsnTAUkv3I8buU8D0gU7UCZbV+cNf8ljTYXIr6wZHm0Z4\/VGUTbDPoV\/6i7uH3U2ioqdvaQQU7c9tWQgOmNWyVKysq8x3KsDmdYBKTEu9jbDa\/5NxKlQ0+CJSwADI4EXSpJjOJhW7RFLH0AXgh2ZQGAXjzCLsNS99mPVcicf+P0xAOxMYhjHjfwEK16c25EAEe1UcdwyhNzoR3fgEbCbpHHQiSlV2VZ6BXhivmI50oOCbOyNn07AoRZlWjlG7VbbfGJU4waN9cC\/Dchy419MYPGuQftQLmp1lfFZlum1wW230ay7v+tKfGzFrEXE6DhOndBPTByhlP\/L\/9RtGz2JigcTTK5+BWW+I8jmFiegPF+MQKQ9OGvmbeIy+XspLIP\/bViZhxJr5lkbLhNMN8Ynt29CD8R1scYIg3eNaVgMX4+7Pe5wYC5d6Tw4vOFf9yfHsjK2snCc1ZJeCEftA0IScJJWiOWxi09szdcVzztCzjqi\/EndaA2VQgHZHZ6MPxTBPz1MVQ\/dmzJBh7qcDGVqcSWJGfn4z+Qr8AoDdoEGr1MR86j+Ah93GTvdHExTZ1wwF1k+kSJAgs6DT\/gJXE5\/k+7Ddaer4gP+mNQiFiNCHOcBgCWtfU716CFC+jsPH5S5E018CnQAOjJI2kUjUnq46mEicM11FV7khfw9pVnd3PhSNiHkm+wwUJfMcE5VE34e2f2aj3rnvuFgvayPldxputQpFNCWXsihLUVMRxBWtBNztT4y8DIx3NeTJiDP29Anu2WrQcPUuDSbWDiQkFIPYE+\/WqhIPk7AgXxl3ta\/zVPgNfFwi4UKjhtg8229donL4y82NaZBipjHPRJGnLNntd5HVxEo7OnMSZWLDBd5t\/oDJ9Bnwib54\/3VUu78LdoMVySfcXTXBIaZMWLMCgP31ylV3euGBpVBY7rb\/ng\/\/0j9B6T9mpWlpnXyc5QllI1P9wq8S4KHqliHRmF\/KujZanByh9veCHIma14UHqSWyG6rq38L4fEwq9O0HtgoyLCex0cC4yXZ43NMaG8U7YoahkAdOH2W\/WIxY1y83kFPfFculxgMF0lKtYwp161BV9F4TeyfYjtoMuxEtre2tRDM7evEGmbltxgqGvwc\/IYA08gbi8WoFEC\/sFvD2wrcaE2oZbDmWQ4cmyWN2Wr\/2S7aqMO1Kt11PvJsXwXP4QC3hja\/h6tE7EEscAguFrU\/\/\/ClPvHz69Ps07\/ef6mrbpKxoffiWkGE3NrvYjL3z2YNwNj0Rm0FPAygsAh0t5irMdbrpg1S+6RWXue6LSWVl+aNaF8ugDWhFdEJtNkApx9VNc1djjWRJtQLNpwc0nIQfbkKVOOiqTaDM+OVjgRk\/4AHtrpg+f2BUfC1XeQchkyJLsGQsXplan9br1Re7GNxZGplRqf6gx3FvSub0wS8JYSC7YPtCqQdiiqAgY58xZkTPUFFXunCy7bK52SU+4et07KWKdz79sLzLsY4jZ9EtmCc\/rMFomlU2+mO9PZeMoHkAo4czfiTKKixFjib6BiNljXXUiZuaf\/ENs8qFKSHGhyeYE+9IKml2R0RYeAstZYEYHmKQ9NPtRe2TladPHh2ySbPKBfxGgcQcwdNBf3\/Rz+dxVYlJJ04TWivCrpdCVVZUFLb3m5nDSxTKVVE2Mn3IYWUe4TIDvcCnSAgJ9sJc2MsgR7NQRoIimWIz+iVBjwRJO7AzaACtN\/5SITUTUCc9Ju6bBvEKSjiJgUyLdieEmWcpQGmdtm0QV42L18l38VJ+IlL0KF3+v\/L+wJ3bQDddZrD5kuVvekeYIA\/UimFZ61Vj6n0PUfo9XTTzBJ9rzgpEnF\/qnfRKAwnCQiw1NHQJYAT204\/uXPNpNJ1FRTKfmJlfTwgcz07\/AZEYTKgOB7jl54FkPwavayWS\/jXVqmx98vr2c7meO\/gLjQ2dbzejcfvOXc9xxGqbVaHinJYtLCGarQtt\/tTL6z8jbMusLWSFG5qvszRryLTGNguikP10UUynlZFpqXPrV79JKMuVv5eJQEBQeF\/XtIxFHkoAiW036eh66fup+VDOe\/zBNPrx+2FoNaBrw1L5lAHYbZNBjFV6gpxWtSeNFdgaXLHL1y16xlL5sJosQD7KXumUzJr+MG9KO3Gxc2gIyeqojY8BU\/0jb9Jb\/r+hnQzK45EynmdaS\/\/gp8uZywihckrrLrm7dncG+maz8p5V7AloXw+XIoDE81Z279KBSrPQ31eVKMLHtAOrNfJzTT7vqDVyEOLo6fK1qAJ3SFr6sx4dpmZhPKj5DH7y9477mGixEt\/Fc8EHoEdDAAFVxIjoszrNYj+ptOQrJ4D+XM93s\/VNirj3fOVKAtAs2XCU4Kw1KwHrGt9cZrjGBVMyhJRwG8FfnJJyW+yVl\/gCzyxVxEpiqcZLk5XiHZnCkKD70aE5wiI8sIkA7roX1fx+Ti60lf7TyhhV+tiLFes6f8OemBm5JJrA4sqX3mz3vdEd07iB718a97UubfSBx+Z8RGk5nY+xaHfXexBMF5ccGRiOTgxe51eVvMyeNqc\/RP7lwZgjJqsouT48JaFaN5zbBJyrLK3dWI5YNb6s4JF0O92auFlAAZMuBAtVtIjv\/Pm\/L\/76Yq6IZxTrSnSHIQfw1RsA21EQkCAS+3qL\/O\/I8KEHzmZnoZCbJ15XNBeHBVFF\/rq6uoHsqxYJdeugwIt9\/JYH5cm9Codqo27kDyZNv5FG85lVTcm\/CRsQemjmbEIybbllMZfyTjyobnzpxSHmzy7QcXc39cPegPsW7pxbS1uSvZbhAzsy89juAzjrw8Dh0eG0Ob0qS+gvDq3rYekYMZySlBw+lYvok1VX9N+taA4yYJ9hDr\/ZiqPuu0FNYAmcLjnoLOtqQVVmuD0cerPTtOXPWfqiVDgO1CEuXuo4o+\/Fm8b48febne3BJq0a\/TcjTIUpcKCKuOaQoVIfkwrdfhY0wCwfeRQXCqsysqA5pvq4stZEqMP9MwE2Vw0x3OUPNns38nAMBfEyMkKSo3CCgDaYhbiFNK\/36wjsrvI34jV6wMWLCUBfRmv5M50U\/\/iTR3Vf4nNNqjDBHZN9sUjWWFQu75FphQUdopIpEXpInQAPPDsryFKYgv6jOLFc2cFTuLI4vzBpl4ToisC5ArfSbWkepNz+\/fu81d4gwXRdaPfqh+TV79nBuIOQL\/p9W5MuokYrT+dhsEqvlrYXtN6UeKDpqU7qi5Aok9e78V+ZqjrXXKllPb20gWK5Jle2P6lcnN8t0kmQlTkQ+HY25C\/ww3fPmlxJMfgqILIwEOiW7O5JwL23j373p+5egg2txQiUeCbR1emRW3fNe44vfBhig1yqtsZ0lV1JkqriUmHXnVsXyvh4XTd3ovISQ2FgrOC8Xp7icdxTv6hNwePQmRaxmFsWwpvIIoK0j9SX2SLlpq3cWDAtOQVfGhEwcaGzWLDkSUemx5K2YjcmbrFjg0fWTAGp69TbqE3JPoVUfeRtugrl3QjPzYsqj6p+LSYhMylkpWi0L2wuX1sFHilc1FscSvWt7lIobPlsmDZ+gYiAk6tT0o8cMvttbMqswzTuJKUJBTXF+VzMa0bN6ML5WGwE5cXomSHHsfArC0FJubxXvmlN4pGUw4A5cU0zwmSzRaG6+CkEa9R6lmIr7DYMaUwsP6yTRfCP9uz5gHuiyDVgMZ\/AUcqVzWipd\/rXwEqQr+vij9NemzVKnMgcwQWoJLoxTJJyVBUGMvm3hvQ9zhbDBIKUc1PN0DVTtxpIi1h6JQiMCRJrVEa9J7gpEmHJ5q9PSbjyhgOc1tm4Cd6sdXpQjmLnS3\/qmULio93fm8g42oXfRRalPDeKcTa6qXOMun2NUIoWY4Ci0UYTeSy9+4NKZbkmaMW6qbIXwzWKgnfu4tpkdNMthds4J9Wlvr6LDU62Dt8FPeJuaMPATaV17ZvWLsjzO3gckuR3uUKP3ZRbY8RLY21dqCp7X0Ydz0Qb8D3q88q6ShPO0Nu1uxc1ylCTGOBhZqbYbv5RmIWiZbF0XBRPwQOGTnV2L7vPduSO\/fbyRn6feTgZwV7xO2JQei9MWmVS4vNRuD5DcHCLkWCNFdTJCnc9ohpO+fukPwietxuV\/JdS9HujNUI9SrFhq7VmJ360CEP\/gVM69fkaG8bD+r9opifguJbvbJ7Y\/Lhiy81MvpEz1rkREiwuMp2ySiDH7yZhWcnlTFze6e5aI7pfY\/La07j\/7fqbFx1uPKuJUr9cH+0hIGxtOyZpzPlWSG1nvAMCTg0BV0KavDhZjbUniGxwvRH2M0LCg3Y6DbAILUzEtQhE88+mREmw1GluXel3DvbgkTWHNTml+OlU5lFANmheD8TPcpiV8Z+2Gk7fCBZiQnT5F2DhAu28KkD4Tg7ZDkvdJXz1BE3fiGNJw\/3gBu104kq9RkNMMhurDW0wBMRVOxNg0FfYNH6uhUSIoSgLOHjvHZusSMLkZ0LnKHuKgYSunlxdiEcF\/eHg0z6YvHhR5dgzOlSVmAvLBxmQb3AzwfT9\/hPKaGJwGZzXTf9zxsDX2nleqY31ioZOSNn7uOlr1jC\/eX0yB+01xn\/tSwv\/fuRBJfmUew3SSb2cEL4flIVAGIhRFRZufYtQAnic2wVma23CzxcZ6jdXsDtC4GfYyiaKlpUOLn3S1sB8Z0XeiPY+dUWrU9rYm5UAz2zlrekxGrftvmr5mW+AGNN2vrsLSaIVsy8tizOl7e2uVK36rZ1x56s9knj0BVUZUFNYVkJV+1Exm+tGYeEbH3H3MQnX+e3AEzEVCORjNB5ikTTufUO0uzcwPrZKOKCZwArIzyPb3GXaypgMgE57+28IDor8Apx+9lhKIw\/Cr+e88qarTl1KEJ6KxEGB1RGa8TT8gXMWplSGoaNh6k6KofdeDA8gg3i9A30pYrsFxhqkrGZJUl8ehvinRiYDvsIi2W1mUv34aVP+oDXa0HB6IgtK1tmzQZyKqOoRoKrIAoFRxhWN606lEA76YXv3K2Vg47pRoKLHyY7pE0g2GBUjtembYZmuTvNoJercP9BtP1Lcmfvmi7z5E\/KE8n0J4k7+8lSE1T05dVnPFPJQh+R+ZrCLABgAhMlbHGlVzhV37l\/C4DQ5dH20XzuPRXxy+on8iFOwAkZBFkVLDjb465k5xpGDSKecBcU1iIpAiopujXtTB0fHS1nSHny0vlJegRcpu17hbED0NNNIFUI7\/zvkYweYp06ttSUzr3vs9a1c5wPgBYURIBYcT4GpdftDMEOJPZveULrVfsE9rOV26\/aL\/KH3UcfCYtj8w2UpJYhOwFSh38sxV7s2DUQQ7ULUt5aOsHa9YPoG1EBzmeak1hJsxGZ3FxdTuTrEV+\/xGROQfuW0I+68MP9MzDotUyhuyzxD5pyMz3yQ2rmbm1JeTPRf6VWl4MHc7eMsALWkApxyu2UutgftGBAZuu+A2oECj1wbSU\/4y3PchdawAyRyVOMpq8nbeoWMc25oZkXzaXapbJXaKBvcNpchcx9h67py0PUov2j88jcx10D6cwo5gSmlUUlizrQ6vxkhjwRPYcQeJTizENjSmQWvCU6DhzjfgEPuaZhXFcXNBfmRrG02SLVitwgScQi+CoZZ5BXwRGVTWtZ9Ca56G4BvOebUcNdj9aI6ZzWxtoVA0iBmun6Un0Nma+aN2RzFPDPfQDJELmFlD6phc3UTrVRBVEgFeEp9E9CDZC\/dJdPL3wVC33PjTHYh5fOVcDdH\/Ifal8aGHsVBuJgvI5SnhL8mazdLK8o0fFBMuOSebA4W0foRraRRcM0G391FhesAusrToAlUK1AIPfg8VpHfewaWZQvLr7XrlUsQvbSyvhfC5cia38k43nhPjnJsrXPM8BmKitBFhnSgXBnoLDTP6eYylEujN1pkKRYwmL4fzQkGsnpUE\/lq8HMjQurc\/v+tbtUbvu\/CkAsE4NGgpylrZF6hXmUR8Zfos6mbnD87WmcKQmLH+Zq4FkK2TH1\/j+6vw2zmRwqVc5Wab+8Xp6B4932wTzYPcvQuNDJSrfT9mPRDO9tHSX7A5UMifTQ1LK+R5P17C\/6f0pFGqd9FXKzYISWriFFwxfDUAoItKtNV8BFLQyB4RBtOPUYaBLa+S23IjScCLGEFPlWqndNoceRx0MWaL2k3n5wLptugR6uNq8qFL78KHjwaR6Mhg\/phG\/0rMHAYI9vjJsp04VxxWOH7QOc4bxJd\/X2VsTFhXElnFyOnnvZUuh4cCN9rHBlEOn+yQj81Sk\/GG+GtOTKpQccaqIXkMLKxBFuFZd6IHicKut+wwfMIt2HTXZnv\/mh8coZYgikPhGeAbotYUt9O7ig3bWSJKOicIsJo7BbbuG60WEjzmCojZ+vXQDq2wzAlI0zJhWiTRSagklhS+bmCDRgz9v7loaHl6QXd3qrWP+JKCB+9tH2I4057kTdsJvunr22pna5FySAlUmRhLz\/Bk54\/D+g0zDOzPQYTOyO36tTcZov17engewenEkwbVQYvblZUtdtb1dAFD7SwAzp1Ole+UaoFuKFgZV1j\/ILiflMWQjRqKj\/F+LrM3wyal9x7vLwm5uT\/KTW+jPAySsnOW+C90hm0b0aJilet+LJAIvOBfBAMyFK3P1KuNn2BQK\/+chqLn2JXaWSNuhhqgVoZS3NijsaQ3FmxoLiCxa3HSUrEurA7fzsWGqonIgimiMuTU8FroUkdMagr0TVxcm3qkIyw+NKj+Cbvq6xhQNV8N\/eHhvCSLYjPeB\/FI+qLj25czRaPXz57TGdRpIeAGNkhoM05uP\/oJLlJfExjb0ejM\/m2G6lnrEz9JKrwq7ZP9IIUiP7eCCEthDJ1OenTuzLBBODEgiZOn3DOSjffvSkMEY5BEVFq4HSA6\/ggSWrkxyVwl881cmzBJOWNBpPJ0ytlClzJ4EmDylWuAnr218wgFdNJdtaGYgFL7vnxfp2HbRsKuU5bkSnAZAy6F63mLf6fQXDEAuQV6X6wh+me3PDgN9VWSLYeY4UVtDRMHXqQl34uRafWLX8uhnPBsTruPk2LjKlaTM6EZidkUaVFA79hUKJRMZ2VFfnzfVvoR90foParXHR9gApjXqOMjKj49atxGDRT12SzsxxFA9DsnD0hNza+swCX+MEve0poD4ezfEaRTYm+Goa\/W9ABt3Jn\/WZIx+yyjkcJqq\/sD1GBE6xTETjNX86pP8\/3pkUTVtCvomt3KubCQEdr\/Hue99uiLmSch5FBQxAF8Owz5xCNOJDtUoY71GoQZxVKtp4hA0UkptOnMZ+LGQj983rkVsbzP4q\/zM9V+YezhuDQ34IFqSRXKGfnArfu\/WyftGNcQfYuYDOvRDtRSpEzBMKF36qCmdWXCUg5diW4VYQHSyDkNoQu1CfGS772PF1\/43Jsd2K70IjATRjaBY93kL9v5dZz\/cJvWoCiXboe+5nx8VDpmFSr3E+ScNNHIj0TZVrYgcwNDZhcHTeaYbpPCoVmhqzecRtv+UBM1vNHMUjSxSY1ibe0ty3gAB1JWeuoAg9W0eaXcqLlYnENCfE3e8DecGnwosV7x6hkCM0BLM63HDYsFwe+psW3nGjqE8O8dJbC0s0RQOOjNaRuctKiBYrotvBz412bGQfP09zSGq7Ra2tadHl6WqSyUCOrIcKC1mQ0qlWf1lo\/9zDO+csbEDZdZKrOm5v++nf5Qfznxgud6AmL9x7XS0m\/zCMFhFbk8mBko6GDQpjvR2kYxQJddl+RRbGM93UH98woQWPdZoFHzlcVGQp+7NK7xi0vE0lpoV0Caxdbr0DWagT3MKpBBtjzOk6Ppp6Nq5aMSBlQ3AEbDWfrzdVbLdeTLoO0UE73AgxlM60AXN4oan+VQl6uuYklIEOZWz0VuH1NaS+IGpv2ZVDWJ1FDdUSrliXYU9yycbBNc37lVK++R0rIDC26xpmXu1qEBOopIZOn3vewJ+DrdQClFsvcp\/idRdHwxt7dO4N2gNXzfSIW9TOlytpnsZNhpNZCKwDhBKqXdwr0t8dYnkpNcNrLQXWMHw\/oRABoKJJ9yhBAdGc71Pi94y6z3rUIUV06B6Z3MBefdl3l9dQE0h0Tb36p5KlzFXR8662vADjBFPWyt0Vn3vqEOvkCfrao50Cjl9CpR7Miz8u4nS9Yj+eyBkkjChD1FMXR3q9n93mq5E8QqMTP+62erLCU3zWbp20nscHE\/Oxb8vzuf11utYt5RJs3ds8TAsCkvpWV8BbwEwfBzQXxbkgg9zrRAKnsYndwjL5BsNHWQz0oF\/se2Nu8ijiGwFt+k4pdUhmem\/I2LTTOaGzCu6y3mMqzNT2UVMP4Ww6M1CU9O6ufg3\/3auWp0j09AD6P0tTWwhimBkLfMDN0wN\/dGlupcBBCfdeoSvFyHlYt9SAubg8zEo9JD+sNfpG0W1Up3neHGlQ\/xeYf1Wam+fqkChXHkhD2Ct4EU0UL+iietDPW0mEhA8lUcc0tqJtqJu\/8pulihb+9VUOdci9gr9L2NY6euDzE6YuZgm9lEfJ1g6wpRIj6bMfw3TCE4oxhFZOOLxHceqAdMOPLl0zahhPFCjsFgdlmUjIZMGi8mORSx8T9BlN\/znmWidmXovoa9gFEuaN3r9KYhJGedlbI0sVRxF39d83\/IBFLlsUFlpxTZdym8mgL6Iq84kEUmjvePEQhSeQpfExA\/0Ktv6olqPttc6BnRcyESqNlm+hYP8evczWCTE4+X4sZuRzw9kuoJHWlDbCnQUhJOEPzWGgYWsD8+RGHpy1LxvLuRZbuRCVjxVDC4qsz0IJXRjHE4nP9ovviL71qggzSjFKaHJ2wZV5IZ8Y5Ch12WcxuvQ3Rr4DZYaWZvGJTQ6FuzJFVhiiiel8vlceRbLRikYBVtUccQey6xS+34QSVh2FxUKSfUhoMY7\/bpgvj4xQlckKqimcwTYFHdPCzjqqf96V7whI+iPnErVbmBnJ8CGzeVkc\/PAgarMLLe3tlV\/wU3nGq39ZIqgyJ1FqK\/SIILPV\/Yk12Qaw\/XE2FvfI4I+OlU1AUGzw3LxiYLi61Xqwq4H2woDCkZiyupkZdB1PatjZHk5YTf6Ppf3nhGYQt2FOCT4K0jD++VB7NoTcSYlF10SnNkWNJJ0ajDxA+dZyd0DWAhN7dNZehXYfXlVIDJ60AdcEB\/1RqePkuGfF8Qb9+9bn8q+YrubTMhhNFqLl4ebrhqyHI1BiP\/DHOd+zOxS5cyapLZ0EBBre9Cft5KWRI56sYXzIVYJXuKNrgkhzRAFRXPdTE6H61X+EzgmcPiCSyM2VNl8caKl1TdhhQhdiC\/S5mJ1VytT5qSlzi44jChZCTLYT+Ts0rq0YbajcB5ZlTWZDErIaI4Hr1dV73Qpg40\/bUScsCWaGLPgHhm7\/dZ7BI6WvXskvtW+Vq52kOE8p6B26r1BGr\/vba40ziU3kTZWoJEnnePKnSvJlNdd4mSwW+h6oUQ+tYnzLCqiY\/KHndcD2FcCY1oihA4C1JI0\/DMjADYVvPEAK11vVZrKYFx5316O4xtSZIOdbYmOhbxQ52oh0SMHH9xCCgRXTLqtW6+dcuEyH1E7Kzga8i3ZL7lVHel\/p3qpLHg2hrDj8CwClIn70JQE64T9TOmIHY+2Z5xBSNzMgB+K\/J9bsaFaTMRl1zcXmjx\/3zV5PaRetuteawjyQ1t\/2IN7fiqu6gqEsJs8ufaVBTBR6\/qxI4yFAYKEStjFdTP96W09ZwBmTbALloKDqq+tiGJuH5XfUP4UXzlqVr932GQp2Ja\/ljoNV0UqeBvz+Vub989nEdT3xES46UbZCjCxk0mwOBhz+7dJGu7XKAjGHPXvqhCCbqk2yDX0thKYOfLDp\/LBJ5FECku0XDHPZa+CqerVsp\/10MENg\/Ju+WxjdiDW0ICq6\/aJVyP7SzTkIQZDiCtegV17JNgpx3SBdPVp0gBgit6wmFG5MKKlKXQrM46CgtslpHnZJaaFTp9AFFIN4uHlcpUdZcptemBQg3556fjEUz1Y02tqzpZOpiMZlDzb0YpY73tf1vAlN8nLcJBwzxxfHZIigXxDqmjvt1LBuPuyufoplnul8AN8Sabq67pxuXEAvOL5zCFfIj3Z5UeArrBUBS9ifOLdrE9SJtglZEW5k1dfeRMeDwshO+pzMCJzUOW0QNZfA++Kbud5XfMxDXRy7Zpt3WzOAKW6xCaSMPumvS2Un951QlBYIYGcMt6\/W6rFswdOPbYgke9fU1LF0DfJrI4YB9bsoUY6kfUhJ638dYSWx6+cmkRfh3xQc3cmYkYgITTxvIp\/EnpAYJNSetoAEkMtYVUWMlPEEWQ\/P+nUvZyM7\/cyU7tmVyA16LpFLcqzBPX\/pytU2g+MAuC8vU\/6C86dHbclbh9lrWnPgXv5lziMiJ7JvHoVfeT6vG3i0EaUgC3+RSsopQeBGXmAvWVE4DE4SKY7AMi\/L\/sG6lB2\/nnqGLWth7Bz8ma8QjecNOF7RFMUrzlZ+Yp0bChawq2UX5F276eMC7RRSt670\/Ki1a6odp0829LtHGBmJnZ0G\/CUR2eNIF8XbeXo10Ql\/iWBDdkOMfuGsmRIUFBa4TNbEAgvy1ijgsQhx1aASwo4QjeH7sxNPc2MkY\/6DK2tJWIMYzS4ICMN0zLtj9rQY4rKvxd04u23EtjJey0FTkKj1G+PZnD5Ls6qEJtk5a3vGSsLKiuYzL5xHYRexQhj6oyhjz3gv\/4R\/rnoK76by0T1FaAwtqmcmEhnSuPKEV1Wg5HS2H4u58SCw8PveBZdQDMPLN18FyAjh\/mgjNmeXbYuwC2m4tYJFsDmuhQRgPazSa4h\/VH1WpHi3oQE1c2d5e1O1CWhFNN4fimPKxpS1tJT7uxcjFAYHqFW4MuEqEf2y4LlrCIOr\/wjHQFTEPulmXIJH4pvEZyXtCpg5sfsp5gVHgjL4ZhYhA3bS6Xai6YiTSRjzpGulDQzCWHK\/TzlAuTY8coaDZ1dekw+4NSv9PQWLF0KYDEsdCt33ZQ5IPV3NBEdDCcsK300dVShdhXqluCizNtlIGrpL9Tj73mlnd0TuixY+4UNdiJCBURQzZcdZX73gSyZsT+9Y5ZHrrSiduXnzV4eqffnOyvYnKF9FgzoD4KVRWJoRX4MxIcQK6nfwXYcWfidof9wMa\/s2kkDfElp8vJc\/Rfg6ZRY9LDNEnB62MnPVIXEhssN04Gvvg7DQHZEHFvAfG96Dyi\/dUWWf\/9LBjnvlVwvKY7EiziH+ICrDw6cpqDDukxAJ0l4Aft4facTWX9rK6RWl6D53kqGj0yNkq\/FK8v8FYRteHf8E9SD95oatOVzfXjwHE09QPOFTXGIPNjL3GJ1KLyQlMoRAu0EMgodUwL698TwDWYwNTmJCq+Ub4moAsSSILe8HlL2a8cIMMC90n24wWg07CHyq9MY3QN83zNZ2HuCM3atAMcvN21w7GLQsqPiQmDfoPT2OprEgtJ8EhiGYlMLPWk6S6W2cHGFK498xP7gCSH9K6ZSPSZPQl+L+zZO9\/EBvPPlul\/FkmI+FVWMR6vZVHaX1x87qbF3Vqr8DC44kNxE4pq0xO3JVCqRMdmjtWBknmCnYB3J7mBBPIm586mjbRENcci7N0WcUloP5tyCx140mQomqxhsq1cttE9qQ8Kz82JNmeL6r7Q31nDDYCpZ0qsXzCVTJ+mD3CzB6YDgaxzUVMO\/Q515CzV968V5WuT2742FtmbxwEro0v\/jZH46Jf0ahj23ItKwgKfDbf9BEyWFO4g6wkBG3z5PK1eG6D6xAZohSEX7jaNmFtYsTZ\/VXwx0b05Djw\/k6Mqlbu5M\/7mWMm9SjrhAm7jFV0QqhWc39RnW9KO2quLBr4VNfqPPJfBfVMv2Tawe+oVdB97F4wSjc703puDJxm6hEd6m3xsAL3NPRrNSi9lHCAjSk38abUnhKlAV9GAttEZhuewuEAPnjPTBc6yHbmj2G\/t6sKpSCLiuq0mbr+DeflVb0nwFwn72Fra7nwwB9c+T\/bIqBXtS7TPBg5hqeB25CBW9iaiHidFjT9jZ6SBCtwS8301mC86pRb8RQEH2540t4qwx8jnVwrRlOAHcx7txsLV6+qT8StrlDBFdNa1Y5Z4IB+SibNLp2PJzoWcPWyJUFbsRlWKU6Liugxj+8STLsmrcTfklTk3vO+v0nfVws1aNt+AR\/Nza1QM3CwNw\/XjSi1JW6vQdc4pI5ahQf02ukbYWEmMDMQdBDpxpiDqrAu97uvqHPwUjCS\/7yGxqe+tiYijYNsfJXHF19+0SOWCMKr7ZrJf8C\/2GOjQmlz+ARqbEtpR2zih9BBKoronbt077iMArraT9szFwLINCIpY5LPSCDhtJsGtflovE3dUHVIsv4qb90N5Am+ogjr5tTY1oorgtTjWTm7Cz6lw57r3MWIP3BAjLXslWUO1L+GPpceeqHj0NspgVY\/ttSTb7WQr2t6wIgajZW1JsNGEvPv1A0ldvYYtj2FRJpryBOzs0FGQLBM6kqDt\/i3LaGvZjoGoA8GvIJs1ERcbrht9\/BEIkYksxwKGhYAV2BVOeXo5eXXPjnM4XtBEuVvrqMNfGuW9DAcYrcu4d+GmZy0dMIG2xn9crMV9yLFVPKJb61UkjIlqHYdmM0sPROEP88Rrf8qIGb6FfxhsS6NFhh5tBsE\/pvC4ZTyyGGQ4IvVJKk10Qvket2O\/l4pLnl0WZGT0xRn57\/9j3CKOx67vpRth7GQJEpI0ce2vZaQnOzxjXS34Xvt7nKzh8X5uElV2f4KFfzAaBqswaW90ruSDmLuQyW2MYxEfZmWcufKbGw8Xq2h+1i1LU7r5cIRXY+qvWuvCAWY80b4n+p7jxnMEAdNcqNKV2Rq4aujry0FPVVG7arbGO86m1sg0XP0xPNx+12Kx4yxwEyiI7JiEAoNF4LZYHMvtAYiDfSqNjk9+rO3ig0rre9RyFsD3Jt\/P09oBSAzR0B+jQJ2s1EMdiZVaXOKAuK1CrTGwk\/D2QRM1KKMyhyGOqshg4mapq8Cu385lRRHZqBihGt244vurx2Ho\/cNQAnLtSozPlddywpX+JhNNNrWnF4O9hS21cKikSGBiqnsNgGgjbgieS8QFTpBYheSQdGCkA2fQviqj8TEAe7jc+8Eo3D2\/XdiIsL4m53heEpaNub0vyL91epieqrpYvY2Bv0SVJFvG7oRILoq6KBHxZw5Sm1UZFLrX0Dg2\/Es836qpjbIMRKWJ1Gp\/azTL5+8Q5Ai6\/RpAu+jRynquuhFyPO2h9aS07XtHpaOrbrzfAUYxWCwTxETconL\/NF5PexFYNissqfOiv\/fYsfonI\/hmNYzyJl+PY6E\/cn9mzNTaGZbX\/GfEktI8OCpbPoM7CmulVluy586lkiEjRwPcI9VlDgm4rTaktaXiuFyrnIgqDwO7c85GBa\/yMLjzhUM9xToumPu+j93pDdBRvT0z3ammYxSCPOssm1CzoZiM+UU1nYL2nbk3XcLsw2o2BqASSTjjrFfTqvTUk1Q9AptdwDWLnbZmFfbSruglEpVza3KkOv5kCMR6jyM5mgJLV1l\/7rCKgu5NhZhAc4GZxGKj7eyG1jQYe08uq5I+rSRahpP87m6rKF8YzeKDerHIUhYQ21X6mKayJNMM2YFURU4KkK11t6cQbn1Ol1MEW\/HPqjjl\/PqL7NjiEJnZrt2zJVVff6x7T\/WBXUjNAtWTxFcJWPnOnqsCSdHlTSmnQ9inYHkDSE\/OfImgPhGsJ7udb\/vpE334lfStDqcC6HnmDVsidmSus0nKOIMB6HlIJyNZ7SmBFPeLsZyd9Qp2gvUzG5I4bYo7Cgyutsfr4fPmIYTZ\/RaUxGW1BxhPZTOGEb2K1BcZPjr+eIXpHfO3arueyY+l8JNQ54UXxaLae+LUI06WbN8k8ecQ0BNkKp9aXmV5MMSeu1OZfHvZxyjMvRO3y7VooUq1LniXIVp7PjKgoe\/Cv4qzjdEzN1Ruk0uQ63PA2fTC0QDMttJ4d\/8TO+MViOQ5QsgG1YgCHX+0d2hOJnx3Y0fXVMEiLhuKyMczhEHeD2TA7M0U8oN\/Qr52O9dTe1BjtMNvAKEJ3\/iHcjvzu787DHTVscsEKMSeF+Aii3yXUb+RF5hyibDNupc+bvI6dEeQYOAXQmZkyKy5d9iOdhB5L\/jdrLMkn4jtrFCaL8HZatZ+RKKRvrgn5sSXm3EvOWbWkdTvNM2YZy4cON1QNW8X1rDGZYmxrpcU1dJCKhqEDzTNtp3k4226RH82ir96mpkHKC9b9YWZZQRg4VDu6bbSAfbMwXNK6C3QfkYElwDNYQu6QDIIN4EMIqZETyH1+SPkQIuoY7lia4jpHShAzU6TOUjdDV1+WLJoH6kWfAp1P1I8BZfmmcb4vTWe\/WMUXuPl2+tdGKmi2YElN1tkEPuGCzQM6HUZbTYcqwrQXBfrrrZKkwsMlSrIXxNSN5Y3O3bR\/ZDcEXoEeOyzuYJSKXKoiT0G+KfLXFae8DxtEw4PHkgMTRJtIwcUclfrvHaxotGgAnU2AIVhrhXUIVWe0Ff\/Nxz995W4K3PLX39LqO30EgXH8q0\/3BYWP2m2cpiB8x0Hyl473bz4Boh7ngpdWvsg+LfgsRYSh1+6JLPMGwNVHWaHFQ\/jXkg1aMbiz5Rd58FFMPoG8kNQXrQy72OQD7L0OzbdgY9TQ5r3W8s77l6cd\/ESrylI32BLOlpvC4D9cHFN0LU2dRii\/7+IFwDVAdj903aU7KMjZqc87JltEP1nOhLVbHSPvzYpY4UTx6RhchpMtZMqSjgtIZx8FoWHn6NClTO1vdi8BOFqhXx8boWD5SJZOLYEfDpx7+0+73RUWY0576u8M6++MJSUqWrbvI1vLshvCul5KIv5Gtor5wHAn5rDPDIrC\/zKxGJie6PalWW+quYduDu7Biacv5OzDSc6icwuSqugKvgTdBkoJfZMXNIyklOHBkXQVdDGapC3G3cEewTNoObGGC76kgn5bVLnE38oCSVqQtb8A0\/75cuS0Kj+o69hXtO0LyIziV+0RETrqZvqls+HXTtajPq40E4yyOxT\/TKXw0HntjOHYfuV1KdR1sY9zQ\/RH\/OrknS9gFzA5peHUPe6dzLswM0Xl2Qwujy1NyyskHaikynDv+34fDdZZudQ5ftArX\/CBirgTG4nEu6Y92FVOASLCoAzg0F8ardxgDXMsx31g9gbOHa2tONEUEwR26brzk+DaTaRpJI1icPNi8PBkl8F+Q0ofiCPDxjVVjsMQGZCYnA\/Sqx0ZsvDzZgVxZq2qy0U6vpfoz7Tt5fKPMX+7P7Rdy5Ehq++PJYm71OPW1zRuJNu76cgfC58Pa4p4riRptW73eHylewNEduy5SclnkOB4UkomDIrg28h2bv7od0aR\/8ltsAQIax4jO0fKii9giNzmMqn0\/cSDCQdlq2Y4UNL1CzoNRqDQUkwN7liPUtmGqJ6PwHimZvDmfOcfdkbw\/274wVZEu8IDG3dT9FlItLXEYOWdn1RVNjj9eL5wZFbV3X1w4yqGRjpFi+smt\/4nOd2ZyXUJxcC5TK1tfRxeImZoiklTeyHfJIWuMOl9pSEyqxkUxBL227p2d0wJcVDfhCfniNxk4KIOnRwK9VtD6KhTKmKVHBH+aA5\/P4TT8KE6RBWx\/ik1nLf26PyH9l\/DZFDvsE0DGSWuAPzHOh+\/hS0IzJuFRa6x04h7x1eimwq8SwsUviEepC+fvuNfXaLJtdJ45aUx7TdSkM9JRYkcxU989E89rSFi8DBKR1TrRa7Ujv99jRQE+isKcbMsR+jb9TpxLcNpeNVvPCJFo+i6kRLO1+6rjTMUYOyl34eMVl\/1oH5t2k9lcgRUteg\/oIZg97AcVNPqnc0Jt8Mh5xlwH5gzqWUQgHnDnHGkJq5I8OtVvn5hOLZybiNhKEkRFWiowotRm9MXbvI6AfKthr1VW3NMxhpACgEm1jCqOAJX43jz66QmQi5kzAPLrpd5M4Qdti52v2EFG9RjVLM4F7TX56gzZxNLam90WRqKyBq5xdVEOuHTVKdWJAhcLIEYFNdFoJu+EtvSMFBTyX9KPcnFqhoLX\/wCXdcrT2wCVWH69pBctQucBaUkkd\/19M8Id\/GiPKuh9v\/K34x4l0rBosr891NPwfRGXFxwnymZDcyyo+ZVm0XV+Q0gBYFV\/O8Fry+gi7aMNRTf7iSLMLjvLPMDlNWdUzLQpexY2zI4OjYlNZMAZ68+gzrBB\/WcSBPx2hla+lfBLwDo1zAcyeZRMfVB11Z\/rCn5G73yFlVrhm3V\/FYzuuTv93b8XNXM0SFOF9x+RH3yBxafUEr5t8nEe8bdbFLIGc461ug2JEOGilTlq7t6Bcp3nN+VBdz97oDWdhxDk7S3WGkD48jVHSrnynrmko96z6nnwu9erxJHOSjyRq3qSbwfN229TxKRyPzU\/XzCOK4UArkiVsRpSWqhDGlg8ea0YHPlX+NcqLlORFfNtUu2XpVrM3o7hNJ285XKLpuqdlLLX0TsDxgXSFG8ni93nqbV0gmXRsAgrecqHGUkRFkDfem0AyJP2h+zTKjGlnO1lskj3idI91gleSQ\/bApV5KMI4J6TBPjexB1kKo5KnY39tq+DiKHqG7QXhiGpjB9kq0u7Yx8Npxs1pjdU9t4JX28zD3kPs33GmXP\/jD75ZIvIarwDttf\/gjc\/DIsja7FSF2bXFgqz6ju0lgTTU4ZUyZiyFHfDgIyGnx7rVR28oJ5OOked7pz2Og04JfxxGBh4SrvRjy\/i7NzAh\/B+KMOzPuWKG\/Uleysc0XDGvklMNtYhO6vySRNF+25ySdxTCAYVs9lJWDF1KHoH8bkzguZYtWuHdUlGsEm1v9hKPM2uhM2XOqPUQSW816gtLOMNykWNCXiafuKnq1VjoHW9DsR9z0tSR2J+p9PWTCBWopfOG5RG7SLf2U0buxogcN5uEgyTwJhids5Eh2fhvFM3K5MOfb3WaoKf+6R1qMqnVAW36QUFGfXI6T9SSZaq3upPtsEWvxbKL+iktC7wBdbqwjs7\/NFmYzctzjnfTVYPrGiV8C1qJDREh+w0I2CWggkjj5eSPrIhAhQPpCDw6HoD4pxiEP8DoFZDbrLDcYOhlQ2EHx4VgIIVgY\/V\/jBV27CVDcwVnLTXOA0td0SOh9RMv9X8UA30rJRT6AtOTX2Z8fqxBDqhAo39BZDWlQVClEmWmIFqjZuhltPf7OGLHrMl8da85D50ok6msYl0h1dkxSPnE3ybqUK+8gMoS8aOe82ozTEWtHP4SY5juagqQ4kK9mt4b4TG6Toftkapsn2Ddp7MLuXH4zsREU+Q0HyKPJg7j\/xKF6xRo1SfuRqqIAzzx2KpS7dSWbaCrG9VzDIhv4CWkJqyWb\/yXTGoXIxqcJzfEe55mzc3dznkHQWtBB7jWWGEdi3QXumAmR6XgB3ZX6lTkiczuw1IzG\/gPzcuhlWfiW4Ys\/ooj0GAIoXbTuqInRIKF0XH0PigtjFXyBTl9KwpFXYvT474dDLyXYhOldkHfwbF07RLRyIPCBJjMQb0BnnDse+e7TVP6mx67rOp+t1FxQV0QEiiypIlpr8KQAhSZGuHhDLU5uR9Sl\/Nlx4LuY33BUW2wAkia6anUAvPsGF0qZdxXO84YOV2yQ\/49KErcvrD5B\/TTqdMoN+P6612zyrADGE+rmDfntRsWJnvWCGa+n8jT1\/Oz0by8msmsKQMBLgQK83VWB5v1IYG+XdoSIcGg2XPKj\/6EwAxKQmRBsgZ9Dnjt29NpLoN9ljQ\/kRz5iyyTYM4g3ff2qnHWI1K9tISOWjm6Ub7T+GmWe2qwAqJwd022\/HlmtcEYFxkmr7\/YWM6qBchhxP\/tszqV6SjlstdYiaztg60EJHH3ZKhN2JkR04va4umxTlbqVoeAW+s9ovjzcaffmo8PlLyzuT5wv8I+x5K\/4ulLZVc3TF7lh0MAVcNWsHmAyGTOiuBSStmvGTpGtScC+C5OtG0pRGqtql5hP8kwWTxbMD8TB2GML723Z7WnSKs9fz7DpGdV0KyIyfOjtL5gL1Yw3lYsy4SxpethyIyJP5xvw3hHa6Yh7H\/sVi7MHmUOX7CCxpTOim1bS9MSNZvZmsYCXevT2ubheenCUYZSfGWQEbnZDqbIE52CYYW2IYLu8xdkMn2ADPd+EEoP6xhQrOCafW6+X73NLwfxiPd7uIZoamMbIcb7iABoqvgR2WbhDOsojCZA5StH0XxfBD3v7QThmbnEgwCiG2gm1d8iWHjv1vuD+G00vF4Yt5AMAv+uuR2HTC\/UvGpg96ewHBSiNzovfzcYEencSFb\/5CJTwfUe0GXP4KuAeVCGaKRdZwN7dQGmQW9HOvjlQrcbx7LuKBYhyZvthWirQHu3ht3pRxvT41Y4KZ1\/WiXLvr\/cu6AZH76lyxRep5tBMc6\/q2cr1rhi2SXcTs9yPkcO1sTWI4UBRMzcy\/E7GS8hPA6eaOrVkssFnt+jxo7Ee3aRGs6vS1uLdK4CgWYfmGf9FR1dalPYiar2N5wUKtTngTkC8ewHo+waYDumRE7pYha7CmfL\/HipsVfdy7uL8VkLb\/fXMGwX89Ufg+gGW0mb7aG4viCIMeAbpkBBOrSfP\/gMn8E4Z8jxx43I44BW8f5OcC1KZ8qBg8ZzFWccldrt1EjsHq37x4cL8NkUiS0BaM8neUx7HieIycmKRFgFJYM8wcVnp\/jf1kbX5vLal8Pl8r1yEAaEgwoTEijtJMxmNFsoFLGu1D2ZT14hhc1S4Q19a+yOtfSsupnaFnqWPQ\/EpT+of9Ojrz8HunAqe+gGaz88HQWL7FeYdayZwvfPtoUZuxWMM9MvvsQRtPdIXOPeBP8t5yBgBnoAD3EGMEPmfT+9D+skE4Ntx89piq\/dFJtdJjYQp8LSINN82wEB7\/XAU4\/dJzMU40Brxgd1OdZ\/rTf++m0AOJ+wXuS5HGNnu1LUTUKumgOQVl\/438+cdycTq6\/CT1nzs0\/Gy1REQL7mp\/hnPlJRlns4ngTH0Cd349ZqJgLs1pU7dXDBeDggXRXmd5oUV6FQCmOh87uwKVCVhWNmipQnXdUYsY0qNxC\/c4N4k2\/I\/+Df3icm9o3KOa5Mm9Z4ig1gXuijrxdYXD95LIX8ydeAPT\/8hDn6uiddARwQM1EVPQVSgZlJhXudON1ZJMPk50Ib11nYribKMtIa1SQpslz+\/qlPzPPlrtfja1LBvzaaszksujlTveD6GQWnjddXhqGwScp8AD9n5YCy8viiy88p9TN7JGJnlT\/Z5X70JIYY1iMZ69FnVbVI5nVFKoVr\/bRCF6mT0rP9\/UuehZ0TpVLEDBSSBhkZm0j8hOjdv4NrTDj8qookyz66\/tvaByO9TeQz6x8vZQ39tYOH2QykatFzToXF0mmJbm9SteDpdSnhHZ4jN+1Cki5sYapHNP4FtbifUD7mb577Pvyjm+yoP9oEovMqwTf3Ql6ouKhcIpbfcwxU5aRJDUIGHuOQpdPFwPtCvsVMmUiVtokX67EjJYYDxBg1n6f1ik8SLkGAtqO8dyEDTGnbbi+X2IjFMdPhEYelGaXC2ykLCwLOW71wRYumU1lmqGUk2Y5PsD0dJWBYRprLNLVx+tzxXc17p8rwV81EOtFDrOSfxID7+QRuRd+A2FQ34htmaGUF3Wef5AnF0A739k1L5eDO\/Z\/xY1amTsOiCdeS1bR5PXWoxDVsVPIBp6tCtR3Gv6XvB3ChmUlF4N04cvdwC+Q4\/BYNrYQtOFpCsPmSl191\/mwi1Zu1GS7KIT5ZKXHsqIIGtx\/9Em95DCbLGJn1Gr8dLBgTws3jnFZv0XeVFo0Ck4WogG6FwTSahAbksdLwxSBUC5mHy5k0+QoiwFVB2bWW9V\/i4XQC9bpJiY3T1vYnCOKxKKszPyz7HAv4mrOL8lZ4TX+TGPO6J7LGSKhOzKX3tAqo5qUQyIJFqYy8ACc7qZMAvkCqO0UZUidfjyU6wFOqvMcYRGOTy\/x+jQbPTttg5wdjf\/dqWoLtZE6rEovKeqoN8l8MPr2I3slc63A\/LSnTWkzc277CFD6v8PKOFIfDLm9ejiru065M0J3C2Y7cLS1b4nEDGN6AXUle3Dj0JbZwEYyLs1bbKo\/BczGfuYkR9rl8n2GOzgCj7n7\/knne1B9+k+4UiNOPzJgYsa\/U+PsnkKCw3mWFr+kr2QtANygbFc3riBVGx1HENvMYRrmwFXPM7dk\/KSFRn7dy53XKuO3U8tK3fSb2EWozb5g9+4+7T16ZFNSrLHjraoQsI99bELx+wYMPbZGtQyJB3GcQKFvdKx9ZxuIeh8XbWruClP8k9sOr0\/HEdbwPH83KLWHJlUc41wSvSEXG7EyetNC41SbNgzA386wjbtg67MTnaONQv8+sohA7K5rGbSX9uaN9mfI0dnhkSdjicVV8F7dixlknXuu2dvz1gK9b1tkDhXYPVsiTAXMG5\/fXtox7DPsyDUsjVTd8uo2ov2NZgji+VjO8cmHpHnbdXqQhMnrYf1IGcfofxrHPngbeunuDwuTcW62JHtW70tC\/rRaxBYsCEgGSJvJ+B9qlV5rjnKZQNhSJyLh3a\/61i9E4fuqrJIErL7\/D279Dwt4OqPe8AqZp61rZL5GoN50RdUCvHK4xkyHrib0ryO\/cPVfMWpVo45OOeAQyj27AroFjOIes4PwK2MF0JHEImvmibrvO73Lhx6w3SvbupAEoAO\/sewSFOlZaFZLuSfnXZxBKMDQHwT2CwQqwDlt9b3z3I2\/QTTbTRrwyLrF2w8C4x++8XvbIZpIwkqgqlTtTRw0svHJIg0MuOADMM28HoSrMHOyNnhh6Jo1iz+VRXRA1RpOts8eyiatsjCoEiRNVFNDJ7eeNYmKSRphTTPUli2clovpwPgA\x3d\x3d\x22,\x22globalName\x22:\x22trayride\x22,\x22clientExperimentsStateBlob\x22:\x22\x5bnull,null,null,null,null,null,null,\x5b\x5d,\x5b\x5d\x5d\x22\x7d\x7d','T': 'ASN07dmsnTIpqAxst7VfhPw-4IEK3StoxD3ZlInntKeSpiqqJImeo5w9dvYgRTt3ZZrWuTk-BRnCj9aqXoa5hNH5nGQ\x3d',});}})();if (window.ytcsi) {window.ytcsi.tick('pdc', null, '');}var ytInitialData = {"responseContext":{"serviceTrackingParams":[{"service":"CSI","params":[{"key":"c","value":"WEB"},{"key":"cver","value":"2.20260424.01.00"},{"key":"yt_li","value":"0"},{"key":"GetWatchNext_rid","value":"0x3128eb8d4ac8b5e9"}]},{"service":"GFEEDBACK","params":[{"key":"logged_in","value":"0"},{"key":"visitor_data","value":"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%3D%3D"}]},{"service":"GUIDED_HELP","params":[{"key":"logged_in","value":"0"}]},{"service":"ECATCHER","params":[{"key":"client.version","value":"2.20260424"},{"key":"client.name","value":"WEB"}]}],"mainAppWebResponseContext":{"loggedOut":true,"trackingParam":"k5_fmPxhoXZRrq-Ep2p4VUR8cv5n8J-IXc5rE25_tMxcsMDLy56Ao70sjHRMkusYh7BwOcCw59TLtslLKPQGSS"},"responseId":"IhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","webResponseContextExtensionData":{"webResponseContextPreloadData":{"preloadMessageNames":["twoColumnWatchNextResults","results","videoPrimaryInfoRenderer","videoViewCountRenderer","menuRenderer","menuServiceItemRenderer","segmentedLikeDislikeButtonViewModel","likeButtonViewModel","toggleButtonViewModel","buttonViewModel","modalWithTitleAndButtonRenderer","buttonRenderer","dislikeButtonViewModel","unifiedSharePanelRenderer","menuFlexibleItemRenderer","menuServiceItemDownloadRenderer","downloadButtonRenderer","listItemViewModel","videoSecondaryInfoRenderer","videoOwnerRenderer","metadataBadgeRenderer","subscribeButtonRenderer","subscriptionNotificationToggleButtonRenderer","menuPopupRenderer","confirmDialogRenderer","metadataRowContainerRenderer","compositeVideoPrimaryInfoRenderer","itemSectionRenderer","videoMetadataCarouselViewModel","carouselTitleViewModel","carouselItemViewModel","textCarouselItemViewModel","continuationItemRenderer","secondaryResults","lockupViewModel","thumbnailViewModel","thumbnailBottomOverlayViewModel","thumbnailBadgeViewModel","animatedThumbnailOverlayViewModel","thumbnailHoverOverlayToggleActionsViewModel","lockupMetadataViewModel","decoratedAvatarViewModel","avatarViewModel","contentMetadataViewModel","sheetViewModel","listViewModel","downloadListItemViewModel","badgeViewModel","autoplay","liveChatRenderer","liveChatHeaderRenderer","sortFilterSubMenuRenderer","clientSideToggleMenuItemRenderer","menuNavigationItemRenderer","playerOverlayRenderer","watchNextEndScreenRenderer","endScreenVideoRenderer","thumbnailOverlayTimeStatusRenderer","thumbnailOverlayNowPlayingRenderer","playerOverlayAutoplayRenderer","playerOverlayVideoDetailsRenderer","autoplaySwitchButtonRenderer","quickActionsViewModel","tooltipViewModel","decoratedPlayerBarRenderer","multiMarkersPlayerBarRenderer","chapterRenderer","notificationActionRenderer","markerRenderer","speedmasterEduViewModel","engagementPanelSectionListRenderer","engagementPanelTitleHeaderRenderer","sectionListRenderer","adsEngagementPanelContentRenderer","chipBarViewModel","chipViewModel","macroMarkersListRenderer","macroMarkersListItemRenderer","toggleButtonRenderer","structuredDescriptionContentRenderer","videoDescriptionHeaderRenderer","expandableVideoDescriptionBodyRenderer","expandableMetadataRenderer","videoSummaryContentViewModel","videoSummaryParagraphViewModel","horizontalCardListRenderer","richListHeaderRenderer","videoDescriptionTranscriptSectionRenderer","videoDescriptionInfocardsSectionRenderer","desktopTopbarRenderer","topbarLogoRenderer","fusionSearchboxRenderer","dialogViewModel","dialogHeaderViewModel","panelFooterViewModel","basicContentViewModel","topbarMenuButtonRenderer","multiPageMenuRenderer","hotkeyDialogRenderer","hotkeyDialogSectionRenderer","hotkeyDialogSectionOptionRenderer","voiceSearchDialogRenderer","cinematicContainerRenderer","microformatDataRenderer"]},"ytConfigData":{"visitorData":"CgtjTm54R3hRZG9EYyjwpb3PBjIKCgJOUBIEGgAgUGLfAgrcAjE4LllUPWlYNU9lV1B5TmU4TTJoc1hnSjRraE1abkZSaGV5VFZhMXlLV2hrUm5YcXZUUTlfRTNzWXVDNlg2VWxVZmxqaFJHNWlkSXBULXVaZmJKc3BKTmtSQjRkWmVMUzhBS0tIbkpOSFhfUC01SHI3S0JJUm1mVHk1Q3pram0wam9wLUtzdEY0OW9jczdDZngwdVlZZGdNNGRRTlZhUUMtUldkZVRMTkprVHJfcW1JSDN4MlNDeGtxcVFWZkszbW1uUnc4dmtDVmFYR0kzMTVSLWp0UjdfdTQ0VE1lVGhkSDNOV0ZMWWFjemlIa3dXVmh4TUdkbXczc2wzb1hZRUNTckNFQWVDMzhORjcxb3ZXSVNnTmp5TW80RHEtNkdEQy16LWNoZXMyaENibXQ2MUZVcUR3SG04SG0ybWcwT3JKSlN2aFgwREgyTC0xRkJDbXQ2WDlvNDQ1U2U1QQ%3D%3D","rootVisualElementType":3832},"webPrefetchData":{"navigationEndpoints":[{"clickTrackingParams":"CAAQg2ciEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFgyDHJlbGF0ZWQtYXV0b0ioxqODkYDpk84BmgEFCAMQ-B3KAQTZF1Ah","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/watch?v=K-ouk9BqlO4\u0026pp=QAFIAQ%3D%3D","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_WATCH","rootVe":3832}},"watchEndpoint":{"videoId":"K-ouk9BqlO4","params":"EAEYAdoBBAgBKgA%3D","playerParams":"QAFIAQ%3D%3D","watchEndpointSupportedPrefetchConfig":{"prefetchHintConfig":{"prefetchPriority":0,"countdownUiRelativeSecondsPrefetchCondition":-3}}}},{"clickTrackingParams":"CAAQg2ciEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFgyDHJlbGF0ZWQtYXV0b0ioxqODkYDpk84BmgEFCAMQ-B3KAQTZF1Ah","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/watch?v=K-ouk9BqlO4\u0026pp=QAFIAQ%3D%3D","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_WATCH","rootVe":3832}},"watchEndpoint":{"videoId":"K-ouk9BqlO4","params":"EAEYAdoBBAgBKgA%3D","playerParams":"QAFIAQ%3D%3D","watchEndpointSupportedPrefetchConfig":{"prefetchHintConfig":{"prefetchPriority":0,"countdownUiRelativeSecondsPrefetchCondition":-3}}}},{"clickTrackingParams":"CAAQg2ciEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFgyDHJlbGF0ZWQtYXV0b0ioxqODkYDpk84BmgEFCAMQ-B3KAQTZF1Ah","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/watch?v=K-ouk9BqlO4\u0026pp=QAFIAQ%3D%3D","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_WATCH","rootVe":3832}},"watchEndpoint":{"videoId":"K-ouk9BqlO4","params":"EAEYAdoBBAgBKgA%3D","playerParams":"QAFIAQ%3D%3D","watchEndpointSupportedPrefetchConfig":{"prefetchHintConfig":{"prefetchPriority":0,"countdownUiRelativeSecondsPrefetchCondition":-3}}}}]},"hasDecorated":true}},"contents":{"twoColumnWatchNextResults":{"results":{"results":{"contents":[{"videoPrimaryInfoRenderer":{"title":{"runs":[{"text":"Get Social: Social Media Trends July 2022 | Adobe Express"}]},"viewCount":{"videoViewCountRenderer":{"viewCount":{"simpleText":"266,014 views"},"shortViewCount":{"simpleText":"266K views"},"originalViewCount":"0"}},"videoActions":{"menuRenderer":{"items":[{"menuServiceItemRenderer":{"text":{"runs":[{"text":"Report"}]},"icon":{"iconType":"FLAG"},"serviceEndpoint":{"clickTrackingParams":"CLIDEMyrARgAIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","showEngagementPanelEndpoint":{"identifier":{"tag":"PAabuse_report"},"globalConfiguration":{"params":"qgdxCAESC3ppZWtBUkJvNHlnGmBFZ3Q2YVdWclFWSkNielI1WjBBQldBQjRCWklCTWdvd0VpNW9kSFJ3Y3pvdkwya3VlWFJwYldjdVkyOXRMM1pwTDNwcFpXdEJVa0p2TkhsbkwyUmxabUYxYkhRdWFuQm4%3D"},"engagementPanelPresentationConfigs":{"engagementPanelPopupPresentationConfig":{"popupType":"PANEL_POPUP_TYPE_DIALOG"}}}},"trackingParams":"CLIDEMyrARgAIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY"}}],"trackingParams":"CLIDEMyrARgAIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","topLevelButtons":[{"segmentedLikeDislikeButtonViewModel":{"likeButtonViewModel":{"likeButtonViewModel":{"toggleButtonViewModel":{"toggleButtonViewModel":{"defaultButtonViewModel":{"buttonViewModel":{"iconName":"LIKE","title":"629","onTap":{"serialCommand":{"commands":[{"logGestureCommand":{"gestureType":"GESTURE_EVENT_TYPE_LOG_GENERIC_CLICK","trackingParams":"CMMDEKVBIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY"}},{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CMMDEKVBIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"ignoreNavigation":true}},"modalEndpoint":{"modal":{"modalWithTitleAndButtonRenderer":{"title":{"simpleText":"Like this video?"},"content":{"simpleText":"Sign in to make your opinion count."},"button":{"buttonRenderer":{"style":"STYLE_MONO_FILLED","size":"SIZE_DEFAULT","isDisabled":false,"text":{"simpleText":"Sign in"},"navigationEndpoint":{"clickTrackingParams":"CMQDEPqGBCITCNqZzNqAjpQDFR5LOAUd_MYsWMoBBNkXUCE=","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"https://accounts.google.com/ServiceLogin?service=youtube\u0026uilel=3\u0026passive=true\u0026continue=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.youtube.com%2Fsignin%3Faction_handle_signin%3Dtrue%26app%3Ddesktop%26hl%3Den\u0026hl=en\u0026ec=66426","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_UNKNOWN","rootVe":83769}},"signInEndpoint":{"nextEndpoint":{"clickTrackingParams":"CMQDEPqGBCITCNqZzNqAjpQDFR5LOAUd_MYsWMoBBNkXUCE=","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/like/like"}},"likeEndpoint":{"status":"LIKE","target":{"videoId":"ziekARBo4yg"},"likeParams":"Cg0KC3ppZWtBUkJvNHlnIAAyDAjxpb3PBhCXypnQAQ%3D%3D"}},"idamTag":"66426"}},"trackingParams":"CMQDEPqGBCITCNqZzNqAjpQDFR5LOAUd_MYsWA=="}}}}}}}]}},"accessibilityText":"like this video along with 629 other people","style":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STYLE_MONO","trackingParams":"CMMDEKVBIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","isFullWidth":false,"type":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_TYPE_TONAL","buttonSize":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_SIZE_DEFAULT","accessibilityId":"id.video.like.button","tooltip":"I like this"}},"toggledButtonViewModel":{"buttonViewModel":{"iconName":"LIKE","title":"630","onTap":{"serialCommand":{"commands":[{"logGestureCommand":{"gestureType":"GESTURE_EVENT_TYPE_LOG_GENERIC_CLICK","trackingParams":"CMIDEKVBIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY"}},{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CMIDEKVBIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/like/removelike"}},"likeEndpoint":{"status":"INDIFFERENT","target":{"videoId":"ziekARBo4yg"},"removeLikeParams":"Cg0KC3ppZWtBUkJvNHlnGAAqDAjxpb3PBhD90prQAQ%3D%3D"}}}]}},"accessibilityText":"like this video along with 629 other people","style":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STYLE_MONO","trackingParams":"CMIDEKVBIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","isFullWidth":false,"type":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_TYPE_TONAL","buttonSize":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_SIZE_DEFAULT","accessibilityId":"id.video.like.button","tooltip":"Unlike"}},"identifier":"watch-like","trackingParams":"CLIDEMyrARgAIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","isTogglingDisabled":true}},"likeStatusEntityKey":"Egt6aWVrQVJCbzR5ZyA-KAE%3D","likeStatusEntity":{"key":"Egt6aWVrQVJCbzR5ZyA-KAE%3D","likeStatus":"INDIFFERENT"}}},"dislikeButtonViewModel":{"dislikeButtonViewModel":{"toggleButtonViewModel":{"toggleButtonViewModel":{"defaultButtonViewModel":{"buttonViewModel":{"iconName":"DISLIKE","title":"Dislike","onTap":{"serialCommand":{"commands":[{"logGestureCommand":{"gestureType":"GESTURE_EVENT_TYPE_LOG_GENERIC_CLICK","trackingParams":"CMADEKiPCSITCNqZzNqAjpQDFR5LOAUd_MYsWA=="}},{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CMADEKiPCSITCNqZzNqAjpQDFR5LOAUd_MYsWMoBBNkXUCE=","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"ignoreNavigation":true}},"modalEndpoint":{"modal":{"modalWithTitleAndButtonRenderer":{"title":{"simpleText":"Don't like this video?"},"content":{"simpleText":"Sign in to make your opinion count."},"button":{"buttonRenderer":{"style":"STYLE_MONO_FILLED","size":"SIZE_DEFAULT","isDisabled":false,"text":{"simpleText":"Sign in"},"navigationEndpoint":{"clickTrackingParams":"CMEDEPmGBCITCNqZzNqAjpQDFR5LOAUd_MYsWMoBBNkXUCE=","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"https://accounts.google.com/ServiceLogin?service=youtube\u0026uilel=3\u0026passive=true\u0026continue=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.youtube.com%2Fsignin%3Faction_handle_signin%3Dtrue%26app%3Ddesktop%26hl%3Den\u0026hl=en\u0026ec=66425","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_UNKNOWN","rootVe":83769}},"signInEndpoint":{"nextEndpoint":{"clickTrackingParams":"CMEDEPmGBCITCNqZzNqAjpQDFR5LOAUd_MYsWMoBBNkXUCE=","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/like/dislike"}},"likeEndpoint":{"status":"DISLIKE","target":{"videoId":"ziekARBo4yg"},"dislikeParams":"Cg0KC3ppZWtBUkJvNHlnEAAiDAjxpb3PBhDBs5zQAQ%3D%3D"}},"idamTag":"66425"}},"trackingParams":"CMEDEPmGBCITCNqZzNqAjpQDFR5LOAUd_MYsWA=="}}}}}}}]}},"accessibilityText":"Dislike this video","style":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STYLE_MONO","trackingParams":"CMADEKiPCSITCNqZzNqAjpQDFR5LOAUd_MYsWA==","isFullWidth":false,"type":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_TYPE_TONAL","buttonSize":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_SIZE_DEFAULT","accessibilityId":"id.video.dislike.button","tooltip":"I dislike this"}},"toggledButtonViewModel":{"buttonViewModel":{"iconName":"DISLIKE","title":"Dislike","onTap":{"serialCommand":{"commands":[{"logGestureCommand":{"gestureType":"GESTURE_EVENT_TYPE_LOG_GENERIC_CLICK","trackingParams":"CL8DEKiPCSITCNqZzNqAjpQDFR5LOAUd_MYsWA=="}},{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CL8DEKiPCSITCNqZzNqAjpQDFR5LOAUd_MYsWMoBBNkXUCE=","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/like/removelike"}},"likeEndpoint":{"status":"INDIFFERENT","target":{"videoId":"ziekARBo4yg"},"removeLikeParams":"Cg0KC3ppZWtBUkJvNHlnGAAqDAjxpb3PBhD545zQAQ%3D%3D"}}}]}},"accessibilityText":"Dislike this video","style":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STYLE_MONO","trackingParams":"CL8DEKiPCSITCNqZzNqAjpQDFR5LOAUd_MYsWA==","isFullWidth":false,"type":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_TYPE_TONAL","buttonSize":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_SIZE_DEFAULT","accessibilityId":"id.video.dislike.button","tooltip":"I dislike this"}},"trackingParams":"CLIDEMyrARgAIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","isTogglingDisabled":true}},"dislikeEntityKey":"Egt6aWVrQVJCbzR5ZyA-KAE%3D"}},"iconType":"LIKE_ICON_TYPE_UNKNOWN","likeCountEntity":{"key":"unset_like_count_entity_key"},"dynamicLikeCountUpdateData":{"updateStatusKey":"like_count_update_status_key","placeholderLikeCountValuesKey":"like_count_placeholder_values_key","updateDelayLoopId":"like_count_update_delay_loop_id","updateDelaySec":5},"teasersOrderEntityKey":"Egt6aWVrQVJCbzR5ZyD8AygB"}},{"buttonViewModel":{"iconName":"SHARE","title":"Share","onTap":{"serialCommand":{"commands":[{"logGestureCommand":{"gestureType":"GESTURE_EVENT_TYPE_LOG_GENERIC_CLICK","trackingParams":"CL0DEOWWARgHIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY"}},{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CL0DEOWWARgHIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/share/get_share_panel"}},"shareEntityServiceEndpoint":{"serializedShareEntity":"Cgt6aWVrQVJCbzR5Z6ABAQ%3D%3D","commands":[{"clickTrackingParams":"CL0DEOWWARgHIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","openPopupAction":{"popup":{"unifiedSharePanelRenderer":{"trackingParams":"CL4DEI5iIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","showLoadingSpinner":true}},"popupType":"DIALOG","beReused":true}}]}}}]}},"accessibilityText":"Share","style":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STYLE_MONO","trackingParams":"CL0DEOWWARgHIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","isFullWidth":false,"type":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_TYPE_TONAL","buttonSize":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_SIZE_DEFAULT","state":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STATE_ACTIVE","accessibilityId":"id.video.share.button","tooltip":"Share"}}],"accessibility":{"accessibilityData":{"label":"More actions"}},"flexibleItems":[{"menuFlexibleItemRenderer":{"menuItem":{"menuServiceItemDownloadRenderer":{"serviceEndpoint":{"clickTrackingParams":"CLwDENGqBSITCNqZzNqAjpQDFR5LOAUd_MYsWMoBBNkXUCE=","offlineVideoEndpoint":{"videoId":"ziekARBo4yg","onAddCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CLwDENGqBSITCNqZzNqAjpQDFR5LOAUd_MYsWMoBBNkXUCE=","getDownloadActionCommand":{"videoId":"ziekARBo4yg","params":"CAEQAA%3D%3D","offlineabilityEntityKey":"Eg0KC3ppZWtBUkJvNHlnIPYBKAE%3D","isCrossDeviceDownload":false}}}},"trackingParams":"CLwDENGqBSITCNqZzNqAjpQDFR5LOAUd_MYsWA==","playerStateEntityKey":"Eh8veW91dHViZS9hcHAvd2F0Y2gvcGxheWVyX3N0YXRlIMMCKAE%3D"}},"topLevelButton":{"downloadButtonRenderer":{"trackingParams":"CLsDENGqBSITCNqZzNqAjpQDFR5LOAUd_MYsWA==","style":"STYLE_DEFAULT","size":"SIZE_DEFAULT","targetId":"watch-download-button","command":{"clickTrackingParams":"CLsDENGqBSITCNqZzNqAjpQDFR5LOAUd_MYsWMoBBNkXUCE=","offlineVideoEndpoint":{"videoId":"ziekARBo4yg","onAddCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CLsDENGqBSITCNqZzNqAjpQDFR5LOAUd_MYsWMoBBNkXUCE=","getDownloadActionCommand":{"videoId":"ziekARBo4yg","params":"CAEQAA%3D%3D","offlineabilityEntityKey":"Eg0KC3ppZWtBUkJvNHlnIPYBKAE%3D","isCrossDeviceDownload":false}}}},"playerStateEntityKey":"Eh8veW91dHViZS9hcHAvd2F0Y2gvcGxheWVyX3N0YXRlIMMCKAE%3D"}}}},{"menuFlexibleItemRenderer":{"menuItem":{"listItemViewModel":{"title":{"content":"Remove ads"},"leadingImage":{"sources":[{"clientResource":{"imageName":"SLASH_CIRCLE_LEFT"}}]},"entityKey":"Eh8veW91dHViZS9hcHAvd2F0Y2gvcGxheWVyX3N0YXRlIMMCKAE%3D","entitySelectorType":"LIST_ITEM_VIEW_MODEL_ENTITY_SELECTOR_TYPE_REMOVE_ADS_AD_STATE","rendererContext":{"commandContext":{"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CLIDEMyrARgAIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"interactionLoggingCommandMetadata":{"screenVisualElement":{"uiType":214295}}},"showDialogCommand":{"panelLoadingStrategy":{"requestTemplate":{"panelId":"PApremium_upsell","params":"igkECAMYAA%3D%3D"},"screenVe":214295}}}}}}}},"topLevelButton":{"buttonViewModel":{"iconName":"SLASH_CIRCLE_LEFT","title":"Remove ads","onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CLoDEMLKCCITCNqZzNqAjpQDFR5LOAUd_MYsWMoBBNkXUCE=","commandMetadata":{"interactionLoggingCommandMetadata":{"screenVisualElement":{"uiType":214295}}},"showDialogCommand":{"panelLoadingStrategy":{"requestTemplate":{"panelId":"PApremium_upsell","params":"igkECAMYAA%3D%3D"},"screenVe":214295}}}},"accessibilityText":"Remove ads","style":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STYLE_MONO","trackingParams":"CLoDEMLKCCITCNqZzNqAjpQDFR5LOAUd_MYsWA==","type":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_TYPE_TONAL","buttonSize":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_SIZE_DEFAULT","state":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STATE_ACTIVE","accessibilityId":"id.video.remove_ads.button","buttonEntitySelectorType":"BUTTON_ENTITY_SELECTOR_TYPE_REMOVE_ADS_AD_STATE","entityKey":"Eh8veW91dHViZS9hcHAvd2F0Y2gvcGxheWVyX3N0YXRlIMMCKAE%3D"}}}},{"menuFlexibleItemRenderer":{"menuItem":{"menuServiceItemRenderer":{"text":{"runs":[{"text":"Save"}]},"icon":{"iconType":"PLAYLIST_ADD"},"serviceEndpoint":{"clickTrackingParams":"CLgDEOuQCSITCNqZzNqAjpQDFR5LOAUd_MYsWMoBBNkXUCE=","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"ignoreNavigation":true}},"modalEndpoint":{"modal":{"modalWithTitleAndButtonRenderer":{"title":{"runs":[{"text":"Want to watch this again later?"}]},"content":{"runs":[{"text":"Sign in to add this video to a playlist."}]},"button":{"buttonRenderer":{"style":"STYLE_MONO_FILLED","size":"SIZE_DEFAULT","isDisabled":false,"text":{"simpleText":"Sign in"},"navigationEndpoint":{"clickTrackingParams":"CLkDEPuGBCITCNqZzNqAjpQDFR5LOAUd_MYsWMoBBNkXUCE=","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"https://accounts.google.com/ServiceLogin?service=youtube\u0026uilel=3\u0026passive=true\u0026continue=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.youtube.com%2Fsignin%3Faction_handle_signin%3Dtrue%26app%3Ddesktop%26hl%3Den%26next%3D%252Fwatch%253Fv%253DziekARBo4yg\u0026hl=en\u0026ec=66427","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_UNKNOWN","rootVe":83769}},"signInEndpoint":{"nextEndpoint":{"clickTrackingParams":"CLkDEPuGBCITCNqZzNqAjpQDFR5LOAUd_MYsWMoBBNkXUCE=","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/watch?v=ziekARBo4yg","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_WATCH","rootVe":3832}},"watchEndpoint":{"videoId":"ziekARBo4yg","watchEndpointSupportedOnesieConfig":{"html5PlaybackOnesieConfig":{"commonConfig":{"url":"https://rr2---sn-fapo3ox25a-cq2l.googlevideo.com/initplayback?source=youtube\u0026oeis=1\u0026c=WEB\u0026oad=3200\u0026ovd=3200\u0026oaad=11000\u0026oavd=11000\u0026ocs=700\u0026oewis=1\u0026oputc=1\u0026ofpcc=1\u0026msp=1\u0026odepv=1\u0026id=ce27a4011068e328\u0026ip=27.34.72.167\u0026initcwndbps=1372500\u0026mt=1777291542\u0026oweuc=\u0026pxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ\u0026rxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzMw%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNA%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNg"}}}}},"idamTag":"66427"}},"trackingParams":"CLkDEPuGBCITCNqZzNqAjpQDFR5LOAUd_MYsWA=="}}}}}},"trackingParams":"CLgDEOuQCSITCNqZzNqAjpQDFR5LOAUd_MYsWA=="}},"topLevelButton":{"buttonViewModel":{"iconName":"PLAYLIST_ADD","title":"Save","onTap":{"serialCommand":{"commands":[{"logGestureCommand":{"gestureType":"GESTURE_EVENT_TYPE_LOG_GENERIC_CLICK","trackingParams":"CLYDEOuQCSITCNqZzNqAjpQDFR5LOAUd_MYsWA=="}},{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CLYDEOuQCSITCNqZzNqAjpQDFR5LOAUd_MYsWMoBBNkXUCE=","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"ignoreNavigation":true}},"modalEndpoint":{"modal":{"modalWithTitleAndButtonRenderer":{"title":{"runs":[{"text":"Want to watch this again later?"}]},"content":{"runs":[{"text":"Sign in to add this video to a playlist."}]},"button":{"buttonRenderer":{"style":"STYLE_MONO_FILLED","size":"SIZE_DEFAULT","isDisabled":false,"text":{"simpleText":"Sign in"},"navigationEndpoint":{"clickTrackingParams":"CLcDEPuGBCITCNqZzNqAjpQDFR5LOAUd_MYsWMoBBNkXUCE=","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"https://accounts.google.com/ServiceLogin?service=youtube\u0026uilel=3\u0026passive=true\u0026continue=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.youtube.com%2Fsignin%3Faction_handle_signin%3Dtrue%26app%3Ddesktop%26hl%3Den%26next%3D%252Fwatch%253Fv%253DziekARBo4yg\u0026hl=en\u0026ec=66427","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_UNKNOWN","rootVe":83769}},"signInEndpoint":{"nextEndpoint":{"clickTrackingParams":"CLcDEPuGBCITCNqZzNqAjpQDFR5LOAUd_MYsWMoBBNkXUCE=","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/watch?v=ziekARBo4yg","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_WATCH","rootVe":3832}},"watchEndpoint":{"videoId":"ziekARBo4yg","watchEndpointSupportedOnesieConfig":{"html5PlaybackOnesieConfig":{"commonConfig":{"url":"https://rr2---sn-fapo3ox25a-cq2l.googlevideo.com/initplayback?source=youtube\u0026oeis=1\u0026c=WEB\u0026oad=3200\u0026ovd=3200\u0026oaad=11000\u0026oavd=11000\u0026ocs=700\u0026oewis=1\u0026oputc=1\u0026ofpcc=1\u0026msp=1\u0026odepv=1\u0026id=ce27a4011068e328\u0026ip=27.34.72.167\u0026initcwndbps=1372500\u0026mt=1777291542\u0026oweuc=\u0026pxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ\u0026rxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzMw%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNA%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNg"}}}}},"idamTag":"66427"}},"trackingParams":"CLcDEPuGBCITCNqZzNqAjpQDFR5LOAUd_MYsWA=="}}}}}}}]}},"accessibilityText":"Save to playlist","style":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STYLE_MONO","trackingParams":"CLYDEOuQCSITCNqZzNqAjpQDFR5LOAUd_MYsWA==","isFullWidth":false,"type":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_TYPE_TONAL","buttonSize":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_SIZE_DEFAULT","tooltip":"Save"}}}}]}},"trackingParams":"CLIDEMyrARgAIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","superTitleLink":{"runs":[{"text":"#AdobeYouTube","navigationEndpoint":{"clickTrackingParams":"CLUDEKW3AxgAIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/hashtag/adobeyoutube","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_BROWSE","rootVe":6827,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/browse"}},"browseEndpoint":{"browseId":"FEhashtag","params":"6gUQCgxhZG9iZXlvdXR1YmUYAQ%3D%3D"}},"loggingDirectives":{"trackingParams":"CLUDEKW3AxgAIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","visibility":{"types":"12"}}},{"text":" "},{"text":"#AdobeFirefly","navigationEndpoint":{"clickTrackingParams":"CLQDEKW3AxgCIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/hashtag/adobefirefly","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_BROWSE","rootVe":6827,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/browse"}},"browseEndpoint":{"browseId":"FEhashtag","params":"6gUQCgxhZG9iZWZpcmVmbHkYAQ%3D%3D"}},"loggingDirectives":{"trackingParams":"CLQDEKW3AxgCIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","visibility":{"types":"12"}}},{"text":" "},{"text":"#AdobeExpress","navigationEndpoint":{"clickTrackingParams":"CLMDEKW3AxgEIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/hashtag/adobeexpress","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_BROWSE","rootVe":6827,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/browse"}},"browseEndpoint":{"browseId":"FEhashtag","params":"6gUQCgxhZG9iZWV4cHJlc3MYAQ%3D%3D"}},"loggingDirectives":{"trackingParams":"CLMDEKW3AxgEIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","visibility":{"types":"12"}}}]},"dateText":{"simpleText":"Streamed live on Jul 28, 2022"},"relativeDateText":{"accessibility":{"accessibilityData":{"label":"Streamed 3 years ago"}},"simpleText":"Streamed 3 years ago"}}},{"videoSecondaryInfoRenderer":{"owner":{"videoOwnerRenderer":{"thumbnail":{"thumbnails":[{"url":"https://yt3.ggpht.com/ZI4hVRpX-vBmx-oz64uYJ-tp9B-PUDUXCLRPN443zabb3DjkARqSGZJzGY57rCizSWxzVcWeJg=s48-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj","width":48,"height":48},{"url":"https://yt3.ggpht.com/ZI4hVRpX-vBmx-oz64uYJ-tp9B-PUDUXCLRPN443zabb3DjkARqSGZJzGY57rCizSWxzVcWeJg=s88-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj","width":88,"height":88},{"url":"https://yt3.ggpht.com/ZI4hVRpX-vBmx-oz64uYJ-tp9B-PUDUXCLRPN443zabb3DjkARqSGZJzGY57rCizSWxzVcWeJg=s176-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj","width":176,"height":176}]},"title":{"runs":[{"text":"Adobe Express","navigationEndpoint":{"clickTrackingParams":"CLEDEOE5IhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/@AdobeExpress","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_CHANNEL","rootVe":3611,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/browse"}},"browseEndpoint":{"browseId":"UCn5CtwAo7oeHULdlVl-HMKw","canonicalBaseUrl":"/@AdobeExpress"}}}]},"subscriptionButton":{"type":"FREE"},"navigationEndpoint":{"clickTrackingParams":"CLEDEOE5IhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/@AdobeExpress","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_CHANNEL","rootVe":3611,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/browse"}},"browseEndpoint":{"browseId":"UCn5CtwAo7oeHULdlVl-HMKw","canonicalBaseUrl":"/@AdobeExpress"}},"subscriberCountText":{"accessibility":{"accessibilityData":{"label":"337 thousand subscribers"}},"simpleText":"337K subscribers"},"trackingParams":"CLEDEOE5IhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","badges":[{"metadataBadgeRenderer":{"icon":{"iconType":"CHECK_CIRCLE_THICK"},"style":"BADGE_STYLE_TYPE_VERIFIED","tooltip":"Verified","trackingParams":"CLEDEOE5IhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","accessibilityData":{"label":"Verified"}}}]}},"subscribeButton":{"subscribeButtonRenderer":{"buttonText":{"runs":[{"text":"Subscribe"}]},"subscribed":false,"enabled":true,"type":"FREE","channelId":"UCn5CtwAo7oeHULdlVl-HMKw","showPreferences":false,"subscribedButtonText":{"runs":[{"text":"Subscribed"}]},"unsubscribedButtonText":{"runs":[{"text":"Subscribe"}]},"trackingParams":"CKIDEJsrIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYKPgdMgV3YXRjaA==","unsubscribeButtonText":{"runs":[{"text":"Unsubscribe"}]},"subscribeAccessibility":{"accessibilityData":{"label":"Subscribe to Adobe Express."}},"unsubscribeAccessibility":{"accessibilityData":{"label":"Unsubscribe from Adobe Express."}},"notificationPreferenceButton":{"subscriptionNotificationToggleButtonRenderer":{"states":[{"stateId":3,"nextStateId":3,"state":{"buttonRenderer":{"style":"STYLE_TEXT","size":"SIZE_DEFAULT","isDisabled":false,"icon":{"iconType":"NOTIFICATIONS_NONE"},"accessibility":{"label":"Current setting is personalized notifications. Tap to change your notification setting for Adobe Express"},"trackingParams":"CLADEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","accessibilityData":{"accessibilityData":{"label":"Current setting is personalized notifications. Tap to change your notification setting for Adobe Express"}}}}},{"stateId":0,"nextStateId":0,"state":{"buttonRenderer":{"style":"STYLE_TEXT","size":"SIZE_DEFAULT","isDisabled":false,"icon":{"iconType":"NOTIFICATIONS_OFF"},"accessibility":{"label":"Current setting is receive no notifications. Tap to change your notification setting for Adobe Express"},"trackingParams":"CK8DEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","accessibilityData":{"accessibilityData":{"label":"Current setting is receive no notifications. Tap to change your notification setting for Adobe Express"}}}}}],"currentStateId":3,"trackingParams":"CKgDEJf5ASITCNqZzNqAjpQDFR5LOAUd_MYsWA==","command":{"clickTrackingParams":"CKgDEJf5ASITCNqZzNqAjpQDFR5LOAUd_MYsWMoBBNkXUCE=","commandExecutorCommand":{"commands":[{"clickTrackingParams":"CKgDEJf5ASITCNqZzNqAjpQDFR5LOAUd_MYsWMoBBNkXUCE=","openPopupAction":{"popup":{"menuPopupRenderer":{"items":[{"menuServiceItemRenderer":{"text":{"simpleText":"Personalized"},"icon":{"iconType":"NOTIFICATIONS_NONE"},"serviceEndpoint":{"clickTrackingParams":"CK4DEOy1BBgDIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYMhJQUkVGRVJFTkNFX0RFRkFVTFTKAQTZF1Ah","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/notification/modify_channel_preference"}},"modifyChannelNotificationPreferenceEndpoint":{"params":"ChhVQ241Q3R3QW83b2VIVUxkbFZsLUhNS3cSAggBGAAgBFITCgIIAxILemlla0FSQm80eWcYAA%3D%3D"}},"trackingParams":"CK4DEOy1BBgDIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","isSelected":true}},{"menuServiceItemRenderer":{"text":{"simpleText":"None"},"icon":{"iconType":"NOTIFICATIONS_OFF"},"serviceEndpoint":{"clickTrackingParams":"CK0DEO21BBgEIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYMhtQUkVGRVJFTkNFX05PX05PVElGSUNBVElPTlPKAQTZF1Ah","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/notification/modify_channel_preference"}},"modifyChannelNotificationPreferenceEndpoint":{"params":"ChhVQ241Q3R3QW83b2VIVUxkbFZsLUhNS3cSAggDGAAgBFITCgIIAxILemlla0FSQm80eWcYAA%3D%3D"}},"trackingParams":"CK0DEO21BBgEIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","isSelected":false}},{"menuServiceItemRenderer":{"text":{"runs":[{"text":"Unsubscribe"}]},"icon":{"iconType":"PERSON_MINUS"},"serviceEndpoint":{"clickTrackingParams":"CKkDENuLChgFIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true}},"signalServiceEndpoint":{"signal":"CLIENT_SIGNAL","actions":[{"clickTrackingParams":"CKkDENuLChgFIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","openPopupAction":{"popup":{"confirmDialogRenderer":{"trackingParams":"CKoDEMY4IhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","dialogMessages":[{"runs":[{"text":"Unsubscribe from "},{"text":"Adobe Express"},{"text":"?"}]}],"confirmButton":{"buttonRenderer":{"style":"STYLE_BLUE_TEXT","size":"SIZE_DEFAULT","isDisabled":false,"text":{"runs":[{"text":"Unsubscribe"}]},"serviceEndpoint":{"clickTrackingParams":"CKwDEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYMgV3YXRjaMoBBNkXUCE=","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/subscription/unsubscribe"}},"unsubscribeEndpoint":{"channelIds":["UCn5CtwAo7oeHULdlVl-HMKw"],"params":"CgIIAxILemlla0FSQm80eWcYAA%3D%3D"}},"accessibility":{"label":"Unsubscribe"},"trackingParams":"CKwDEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY"}},"cancelButton":{"buttonRenderer":{"style":"STYLE_TEXT","size":"SIZE_DEFAULT","isDisabled":false,"text":{"runs":[{"text":"Cancel"}]},"accessibility":{"label":"Cancel"},"trackingParams":"CKsDEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY"}},"primaryIsCancel":false}},"popupType":"DIALOG"}}]}},"trackingParams":"CKkDENuLChgFIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY"}}]}},"popupType":"DROPDOWN"}}]}},"targetId":"notification-bell","secondaryIcon":{"iconType":"EXPAND_MORE"}}},"targetId":"watch-subscribe","signInEndpoint":{"clickTrackingParams":"CKIDEJsrIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"ignoreNavigation":true}},"modalEndpoint":{"modal":{"modalWithTitleAndButtonRenderer":{"title":{"simpleText":"Want to subscribe to this channel?"},"content":{"simpleText":"Sign in to subscribe to this channel."},"button":{"buttonRenderer":{"style":"STYLE_MONO_FILLED","size":"SIZE_DEFAULT","isDisabled":false,"text":{"simpleText":"Sign in"},"navigationEndpoint":{"clickTrackingParams":"CKcDEP2GBCITCNqZzNqAjpQDFR5LOAUd_MYsWDIJc3Vic2NyaWJlygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"https://accounts.google.com/ServiceLogin?service=youtube\u0026uilel=3\u0026passive=true\u0026continue=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.youtube.com%2Fsignin%3Faction_handle_signin%3Dtrue%26app%3Ddesktop%26hl%3Den%26next%3D%252Fwatch%253Fv%253DziekARBo4yg%26continue_action%3DQUFFLUhqbWNvWE5tZHp2dE5IdjZVOFRiN3VSYk00MlN4d3xBQ3Jtc0tuOFhyYlhaVVRmWXFJOWg3Z3FwQU1vVnI2bDlyMjkxdzZZX0JxaHlMR3Jic2xNTUNaSldIWERtM2JWekNqMDhmZ29JNFk3QVNWdm5qUW42U0FwY2VleURfYnVlbHRlZ1plOUNaSU1nVFNRMkZOQjhwbE1PdlBOTE5lTTFxbWtvZmdJcmZfQXdraW0zaHRkYjFCdEJnX1pMOXdhVDRUWXNPTHFPX0tnWWpVRkhQWFBzbXJQSm45T3dHeW1fX01BeG1CaDhqWlk\u0026hl=en\u0026ec=66429","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_UNKNOWN","rootVe":83769}},"signInEndpoint":{"nextEndpoint":{"clickTrackingParams":"CKcDEP2GBCITCNqZzNqAjpQDFR5LOAUd_MYsWMoBBNkXUCE=","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/watch?v=ziekARBo4yg","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_WATCH","rootVe":3832}},"watchEndpoint":{"videoId":"ziekARBo4yg","watchEndpointSupportedOnesieConfig":{"html5PlaybackOnesieConfig":{"commonConfig":{"url":"https://rr2---sn-fapo3ox25a-cq2l.googlevideo.com/initplayback?source=youtube\u0026oeis=1\u0026c=WEB\u0026oad=3200\u0026ovd=3200\u0026oaad=11000\u0026oavd=11000\u0026ocs=700\u0026oewis=1\u0026oputc=1\u0026ofpcc=1\u0026msp=1\u0026odepv=1\u0026id=ce27a4011068e328\u0026ip=27.34.72.167\u0026initcwndbps=1372500\u0026mt=1777291542\u0026oweuc=\u0026pxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ\u0026rxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzMw%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNA%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNg"}}}}},"continueAction":"QUFFLUhqbWNvWE5tZHp2dE5IdjZVOFRiN3VSYk00MlN4d3xBQ3Jtc0tuOFhyYlhaVVRmWXFJOWg3Z3FwQU1vVnI2bDlyMjkxdzZZX0JxaHlMR3Jic2xNTUNaSldIWERtM2JWekNqMDhmZ29JNFk3QVNWdm5qUW42U0FwY2VleURfYnVlbHRlZ1plOUNaSU1nVFNRMkZOQjhwbE1PdlBOTE5lTTFxbWtvZmdJcmZfQXdraW0zaHRkYjFCdEJnX1pMOXdhVDRUWXNPTHFPX0tnWWpVRkhQWFBzbXJQSm45T3dHeW1fX01BeG1CaDhqWlk","idamTag":"66429"}},"trackingParams":"CKcDEP2GBCITCNqZzNqAjpQDFR5LOAUd_MYsWA=="}}}}}},"subscribedEntityKey":"EhhVQ241Q3R3QW83b2VIVUxkbFZsLUhNS3cgMygB","onSubscribeEndpoints":[{"clickTrackingParams":"CKIDEJsrIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYKPgdMgV3YXRjaMoBBNkXUCE=","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/subscription/subscribe"}},"subscribeEndpoint":{"channelIds":["UCn5CtwAo7oeHULdlVl-HMKw"],"params":"EgIIAxgAIgt6aWVrQVJCbzR5Zw%3D%3D"}}],"onUnsubscribeEndpoints":[{"clickTrackingParams":"CKIDEJsrIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true}},"signalServiceEndpoint":{"signal":"CLIENT_SIGNAL","actions":[{"clickTrackingParams":"CKIDEJsrIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","openPopupAction":{"popup":{"confirmDialogRenderer":{"trackingParams":"CKQDEMY4IhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","dialogMessages":[{"runs":[{"text":"Unsubscribe from "},{"text":"Adobe Express"},{"text":"?"}]}],"confirmButton":{"buttonRenderer":{"style":"STYLE_BLUE_TEXT","size":"SIZE_DEFAULT","isDisabled":false,"text":{"runs":[{"text":"Unsubscribe"}]},"serviceEndpoint":{"clickTrackingParams":"CKYDEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYKPgdMgV3YXRjaMoBBNkXUCE=","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/subscription/unsubscribe"}},"unsubscribeEndpoint":{"channelIds":["UCn5CtwAo7oeHULdlVl-HMKw"],"params":"CgIIAxILemlla0FSQm80eWcYAA%3D%3D"}},"accessibility":{"label":"Unsubscribe"},"trackingParams":"CKYDEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY"}},"cancelButton":{"buttonRenderer":{"style":"STYLE_TEXT","size":"SIZE_DEFAULT","isDisabled":false,"text":{"runs":[{"text":"Cancel"}]},"accessibility":{"label":"Cancel"},"trackingParams":"CKUDEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY"}},"primaryIsCancel":false}},"popupType":"DIALOG"}}]}}],"timedAnimationData":{"animationTiming":[3344799],"macroMarkersIndex":[0],"animationDurationSecs":1.5,"borderStrokeThicknessDp":2,"borderOpacity":1,"fillOpacity":0,"trackingParams":"CKMDEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","animationOrigin":"ANIMATION_ORIGIN_SMARTIMATION"}}},"metadataRowContainer":{"metadataRowContainerRenderer":{"collapsedItemCount":0,"trackingParams":"CJ0DEM2rARgBIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY"}},"showMoreText":{"simpleText":"...more"},"showLessText":{"simpleText":"Show less"},"trackingParams":"CJ0DEM2rARgBIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","defaultExpanded":false,"descriptionCollapsedLines":3,"showMoreCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CJ0DEM2rARgBIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandExecutorCommand":{"commands":[{"clickTrackingParams":"CJ0DEM2rARgBIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","changeEngagementPanelVisibilityAction":{"targetId":"engagement-panel-structured-description","visibility":"ENGAGEMENT_PANEL_VISIBILITY_EXPANDED"}},{"clickTrackingParams":"CJ0DEM2rARgBIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","scrollToEngagementPanelCommand":{"targetId":"engagement-panel-structured-description"}}]}},"showLessCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CJ0DEM2rARgBIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","changeEngagementPanelVisibilityAction":{"targetId":"engagement-panel-structured-description","visibility":"ENGAGEMENT_PANEL_VISIBILITY_HIDDEN"}},"attributedDescription":{"content":"There isn't a social media platform that isn’t experiencing significant growth right now. But what does that mean for your business and how do you keep up with the many changes in the world of social media and content marketing?\nTune in with Jordan Dené Ellis and Andy Lambert as they walk through the July 2022 updates in the world of Social Media. Learn about the latest social media trends and updates and how you can use them to fuel growth for your business.\n\nAndy Lambert is a Senior Product Marketing Manager at Adobe, helping thousands of businesses across the globe to unleash the power of social media: https://www.andyrlambert.com/\n\nJordan Dené Ellis is a Community Manager for Adobe Express, sharing her 10+ years of small business and online marketing experience: / jordandene.social \n\nJoin us LIVE on Behance: https://www.behance.net/adobelive\n\n00:00 Start\n00:50 Introduction\n03:38 LinkedIn and Pinterest publishing in Express\n05:14 Instagram advertising\n07:10 Instagram Reels\n09:30 Reels vs TikTok vs LinkedIn \n14:05 Tips for post engagement\n15:44 Tiktok demographics and data\n19:36 Social media advertising \n21:42 Creator earnings\n26:20 Social media brand discovery\n31:30 Videos and Reels\n34:50 Templates for IG reels\n36:45 IG dual mode\n40:05 Instagram Reels boosting\n42:35 Instagram creator marketplace\n45:35 Changes to Facebook\n52:08 Social media updates\n\nSubscribe to Adobe Express: https://adobe.ly/47TmqJh\n\nLearn More About Adobe Express: https://adobe.ly/499EC2k\n\nTry Adobe Express for Free: https://adobe.ly/3UU860d\n\nAbout Adobe Express:\nAdobe Express is the all-in-one app to make amazing work with generative AI features powered by #AdobeFirefly. With Adobe Express, you can transform beautiful templates into stunning graphics and video stories with just a few taps, regardless of your skill level. Explore Adobe Express and unlock a world of features that empower you to do more with your stories, leveraging the cutting-edge Gen AI technology for seamless design experiences.\n\nOur channel is dedicated to providing you with weekly how-to guides, inspiration, and tutorials. Whether you're seeking tips for logo design, tutorials on animation techniques, or mastering the art of background removal, our content is tailored to elevate your creative journey.\n\nSubscribe to our channel today and stay up to date with the latest trends, techniques, and innovations in design. Let Adobe Express be your creative companion as you craft compelling stories and bring your visions to life effortlessly. Join us on this journey to create, innovate, and excel.\n\nConnect with Adobe Express:\n✨Twitter: / adobeexpress \n✨Facebook: / adobeexpress \n✨Facebook Group: / adobeexpressinsiders \n✨Instagram: / adobeexpress \n✨Pinterest: / adobeexpress \n✨Discord: / discord \n✨TikTok: / adobeexpress \n\n#Adobe #AdobeExpress #AdobeYouTube \n\nGet Social: Social Media Trends July 2022 | Adobe Express\n • Get Social: Social Media Trends July 2022 ... ","commandRuns":[{"startIndex":613,"length":29,"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CJ0DEM2rARgBIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYSKjGo4ORgOmTzgHKAQTZF1Ah","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"https://www.youtube.com/redirect?event=video_description\u0026redir_token=QUFFLUhqa211OWRvSXhKWnlWSEM1cjNKTjdQWDdESFFJQXxBQ3Jtc0tuYkxVNWpySU9UMjh3WVBkckpkYU1MYjBMMkpkWEx4UjN0Y3NyMU1JTGtzaG9KTmVTZzY1eXJKOFU4VWw4Smg2TlhDOEpORS13OU9BQVBPSHltM3ZfZld5NUgwekFVWXh6bnJGZ2JpZHE3aE1XSkVWRQ\u0026q=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.andyrlambert.com%2F\u0026v=ziekARBo4yg","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_UNKNOWN","rootVe":83769}},"urlEndpoint":{"url":"https://www.youtube.com/redirect?event=video_description\u0026redir_token=QUFFLUhqa211OWRvSXhKWnlWSEM1cjNKTjdQWDdESFFJQXxBQ3Jtc0tuYkxVNWpySU9UMjh3WVBkckpkYU1MYjBMMkpkWEx4UjN0Y3NyMU1JTGtzaG9KTmVTZzY1eXJKOFU4VWw4Smg2TlhDOEpORS13OU9BQVBPSHltM3ZfZld5NUgwekFVWXh6bnJGZ2JpZHE3aE1XSkVWRQ\u0026q=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.andyrlambert.com%2F\u0026v=ziekARBo4yg","target":"TARGET_NEW_WINDOW","nofollow":true}}}},{"startIndex":777,"length":23,"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CJ0DEM2rARgBIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYSKjGo4ORgOmTzgHKAQTZF1Ah","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"https://www.youtube.com/redirect?event=video_description\u0026redir_token=QUFFLUhqbGxXZ0pTcVF3ejVKT0s0dE9lSUJMcVNLdVBiUXxBQ3Jtc0trSnEwa0tTMTk1MnIzVll2S3VaQjQ3RXMwanI5RXlvZ0VEWXIySGtmRmRGa3NrTDVoR0hmVEJPX3VqWmdtak9IX3R5S1BGNU1ZdTBnTjRBSmliVlNicFMybm1kTUJGWmQtWGRxYnZULUstUDhoZ3h5RQ\u0026q=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.instagram.com%2Fjordandene.social%2F\u0026v=ziekARBo4yg","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_UNKNOWN","rootVe":83769}},"urlEndpoint":{"url":"https://www.youtube.com/redirect?event=video_description\u0026redir_token=QUFFLUhqbGxXZ0pTcVF3ejVKT0s0dE9lSUJMcVNLdVBiUXxBQ3Jtc0trSnEwa0tTMTk1MnIzVll2S3VaQjQ3RXMwanI5RXlvZ0VEWXIySGtmRmRGa3NrTDVoR0hmVEJPX3VqWmdtak9IX3R5S1BGNU1ZdTBnTjRBSmliVlNicFMybm1kTUJGWmQtWGRxYnZULUstUDhoZ3h5RQ\u0026q=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.instagram.com%2Fjordandene.social%2F\u0026v=ziekARBo4yg","target":"TARGET_NEW_WINDOW","nofollow":true}}},"onTapOptions":{"accessibilityInfo":{"accessibilityLabel":"Instagram Channel Link: jordandene.social"}}},{"startIndex":827,"length":33,"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CJ0DEM2rARgBIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYSKjGo4ORgOmTzgHKAQTZF1Ah","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"https://www.youtube.com/redirect?event=video_description\u0026redir_token=QUFFLUhqbWZDZ1oxdHRtOFVFLVo3eFR3dy02MkFuMHVlUXxBQ3Jtc0tuWGJXejNDV01Tby1MblpnZGRsWFBycl9RR05LT2VBUTk2cHE4MXJvNThZYnZkbVNtaDBkNmJDNGZta0Q4SmsxTFQ1cDhNUlNIWkxrWVRqWjhRQVVJdHZwUGtfR0NRLUJnN1Zma1VPOHMzNW8zZzF2bw\u0026q=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.behance.net%2Fadobelive\u0026v=ziekARBo4yg","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_UNKNOWN","rootVe":83769}},"urlEndpoint":{"url":"https://www.youtube.com/redirect?event=video_description\u0026redir_token=QUFFLUhqbWZDZ1oxdHRtOFVFLVo3eFR3dy02MkFuMHVlUXxBQ3Jtc0tuWGJXejNDV01Tby1MblpnZGRsWFBycl9RR05LT2VBUTk2cHE4MXJvNThZYnZkbVNtaDBkNmJDNGZta0Q4SmsxTFQ1cDhNUlNIWkxrWVRqWjhRQVVJdHZwUGtfR0NRLUJnN1Zma1VPOHMzNW8zZzF2bw\u0026q=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.behance.net%2Fadobelive\u0026v=ziekARBo4yg","target":"TARGET_NEW_WINDOW","nofollow":true}}}},{"startIndex":862,"length":5,"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CJ0DEM2rARgBIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/watch?v=ziekARBo4yg","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_WATCH","rootVe":3832}},"watchEndpoint":{"videoId":"ziekARBo4yg","continuePlayback":true,"startTimeSeconds":0,"watchEndpointSupportedOnesieConfig":{"html5PlaybackOnesieConfig":{"commonConfig":{"url":"https://rr2---sn-fapo3ox25a-cq2l.googlevideo.com/initplayback?source=youtube\u0026oeis=1\u0026c=WEB\u0026oad=3200\u0026ovd=3200\u0026oaad=11000\u0026oavd=11000\u0026ocs=700\u0026oewis=1\u0026oputc=1\u0026ofpcc=1\u0026msp=1\u0026odepv=1\u0026id=ce27a4011068e328\u0026ip=27.34.72.167\u0026initcwndbps=1372500\u0026mt=1777291542\u0026oweuc=\u0026pxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ\u0026rxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzMw%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNA%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNg"}}}}}},"onTapOptions":{"accessibilityInfo":{"accessibilityLabel":"0 seconds"}}},{"startIndex":874,"length":5,"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CJ0DEM2rARgBIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/watch?v=ziekARBo4yg\u0026t=50s","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_WATCH","rootVe":3832}},"watchEndpoint":{"videoId":"ziekARBo4yg","continuePlayback":true,"startTimeSeconds":50,"watchEndpointSupportedOnesieConfig":{"html5PlaybackOnesieConfig":{"commonConfig":{"url":"https://rr2---sn-fapo3ox25a-cq2l.googlevideo.com/initplayback?source=youtube\u0026oeis=1\u0026c=WEB\u0026oad=3200\u0026ovd=3200\u0026oaad=11000\u0026oavd=11000\u0026ocs=700\u0026oewis=1\u0026oputc=1\u0026ofpcc=1\u0026msp=1\u0026odepv=1\u0026id=ce27a4011068e328\u0026ip=27.34.72.167\u0026osts=50\u0026initcwndbps=1372500\u0026mt=1777291542\u0026oweuc=\u0026pxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ\u0026rxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzMw%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNA%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNg"}}}}}},"onTapOptions":{"accessibilityInfo":{"accessibilityLabel":"50 seconds"}}},{"startIndex":893,"length":5,"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CJ0DEM2rARgBIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/watch?v=ziekARBo4yg\u0026t=218s","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_WATCH","rootVe":3832}},"watchEndpoint":{"videoId":"ziekARBo4yg","continuePlayback":true,"startTimeSeconds":218,"watchEndpointSupportedOnesieConfig":{"html5PlaybackOnesieConfig":{"commonConfig":{"url":"https://rr2---sn-fapo3ox25a-cq2l.googlevideo.com/initplayback?source=youtube\u0026oeis=1\u0026c=WEB\u0026oad=3200\u0026ovd=3200\u0026oaad=11000\u0026oavd=11000\u0026ocs=700\u0026oewis=1\u0026oputc=1\u0026ofpcc=1\u0026msp=1\u0026odepv=1\u0026id=ce27a4011068e328\u0026ip=27.34.72.167\u0026osts=218\u0026initcwndbps=1372500\u0026mt=1777291542\u0026oweuc=\u0026pxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ\u0026rxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzMw%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNA%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNg"}}}}}},"onTapOptions":{"accessibilityInfo":{"accessibilityLabel":"3 minutes, 38 seconds"}}},{"startIndex":944,"length":5,"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CJ0DEM2rARgBIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/watch?v=ziekARBo4yg\u0026t=314s","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_WATCH","rootVe":3832}},"watchEndpoint":{"videoId":"ziekARBo4yg","continuePlayback":true,"startTimeSeconds":314,"watchEndpointSupportedOnesieConfig":{"html5PlaybackOnesieConfig":{"commonConfig":{"url":"https://rr2---sn-fapo3ox25a-cq2l.googlevideo.com/initplayback?source=youtube\u0026oeis=1\u0026c=WEB\u0026oad=3200\u0026ovd=3200\u0026oaad=11000\u0026oavd=11000\u0026ocs=700\u0026oewis=1\u0026oputc=1\u0026ofpcc=1\u0026msp=1\u0026odepv=1\u0026id=ce27a4011068e328\u0026ip=27.34.72.167\u0026osts=314\u0026initcwndbps=1372500\u0026mt=1777291542\u0026oweuc=\u0026pxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ\u0026rxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzMw%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNA%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNg"}}}}}},"onTapOptions":{"accessibilityInfo":{"accessibilityLabel":"5 minutes, 14 seconds"}}},{"startIndex":973,"length":5,"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CJ0DEM2rARgBIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/watch?v=ziekARBo4yg\u0026t=430s","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_WATCH","rootVe":3832}},"watchEndpoint":{"videoId":"ziekARBo4yg","continuePlayback":true,"startTimeSeconds":430,"watchEndpointSupportedOnesieConfig":{"html5PlaybackOnesieConfig":{"commonConfig":{"url":"https://rr2---sn-fapo3ox25a-cq2l.googlevideo.com/initplayback?source=youtube\u0026oeis=1\u0026c=WEB\u0026oad=3200\u0026ovd=3200\u0026oaad=11000\u0026oavd=11000\u0026ocs=700\u0026oewis=1\u0026oputc=1\u0026ofpcc=1\u0026msp=1\u0026odepv=1\u0026id=ce27a4011068e328\u0026ip=27.34.72.167\u0026osts=430\u0026initcwndbps=1372500\u0026mt=1777291542\u0026oweuc=\u0026pxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ\u0026rxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzMw%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNA%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNg"}}}}}},"onTapOptions":{"accessibilityInfo":{"accessibilityLabel":"7 minutes, 10 seconds"}}},{"startIndex":995,"length":5,"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CJ0DEM2rARgBIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/watch?v=ziekARBo4yg\u0026t=570s","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_WATCH","rootVe":3832}},"watchEndpoint":{"videoId":"ziekARBo4yg","continuePlayback":true,"startTimeSeconds":570,"watchEndpointSupportedOnesieConfig":{"html5PlaybackOnesieConfig":{"commonConfig":{"url":"https://rr2---sn-fapo3ox25a-cq2l.googlevideo.com/initplayback?source=youtube\u0026oeis=1\u0026c=WEB\u0026oad=3200\u0026ovd=3200\u0026oaad=11000\u0026oavd=11000\u0026ocs=700\u0026oewis=1\u0026oputc=1\u0026ofpcc=1\u0026msp=1\u0026odepv=1\u0026id=ce27a4011068e328\u0026ip=27.34.72.167\u0026osts=570\u0026initcwndbps=1372500\u0026mt=1777291542\u0026oweuc=\u0026pxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ\u0026rxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzMw%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNA%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNg"}}}}}},"onTapOptions":{"accessibilityInfo":{"accessibilityLabel":"9 minutes, 30 seconds"}}},{"startIndex":1030,"length":5,"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CJ0DEM2rARgBIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/watch?v=ziekARBo4yg\u0026t=845s","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_WATCH","rootVe":3832}},"watchEndpoint":{"videoId":"ziekARBo4yg","continuePlayback":true,"startTimeSeconds":845,"watchEndpointSupportedOnesieConfig":{"html5PlaybackOnesieConfig":{"commonConfig":{"url":"https://rr2---sn-fapo3ox25a-cq2l.googlevideo.com/initplayback?source=youtube\u0026oeis=1\u0026c=WEB\u0026oad=3200\u0026ovd=3200\u0026oaad=11000\u0026oavd=11000\u0026ocs=700\u0026oewis=1\u0026oputc=1\u0026ofpcc=1\u0026msp=1\u0026odepv=1\u0026id=ce27a4011068e328\u0026ip=27.34.72.167\u0026osts=845\u0026initcwndbps=1372500\u0026mt=1777291542\u0026oweuc=\u0026pxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ\u0026rxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzMw%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNA%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNg"}}}}}},"onTapOptions":{"accessibilityInfo":{"accessibilityLabel":"14 minutes, 5 seconds"}}},{"startIndex":1061,"length":5,"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CJ0DEM2rARgBIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/watch?v=ziekARBo4yg\u0026t=944s","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_WATCH","rootVe":3832}},"watchEndpoint":{"videoId":"ziekARBo4yg","continuePlayback":true,"startTimeSeconds":944,"watchEndpointSupportedOnesieConfig":{"html5PlaybackOnesieConfig":{"commonConfig":{"url":"https://rr2---sn-fapo3ox25a-cq2l.googlevideo.com/initplayback?source=youtube\u0026oeis=1\u0026c=WEB\u0026oad=3200\u0026ovd=3200\u0026oaad=11000\u0026oavd=11000\u0026ocs=700\u0026oewis=1\u0026oputc=1\u0026ofpcc=1\u0026msp=1\u0026odepv=1\u0026id=ce27a4011068e328\u0026ip=27.34.72.167\u0026osts=944\u0026initcwndbps=1372500\u0026mt=1777291542\u0026oweuc=\u0026pxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ\u0026rxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzMw%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNA%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNg"}}}}}},"onTapOptions":{"accessibilityInfo":{"accessibilityLabel":"15 minutes, 44 seconds"}}},{"startIndex":1096,"length":5,"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CJ0DEM2rARgBIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/watch?v=ziekARBo4yg\u0026t=1176s","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_WATCH","rootVe":3832}},"watchEndpoint":{"videoId":"ziekARBo4yg","continuePlayback":true,"startTimeSeconds":1176,"watchEndpointSupportedOnesieConfig":{"html5PlaybackOnesieConfig":{"commonConfig":{"url":"https://rr2---sn-fapo3ox25a-cq2l.googlevideo.com/initplayback?source=youtube\u0026oeis=1\u0026c=WEB\u0026oad=3200\u0026ovd=3200\u0026oaad=11000\u0026oavd=11000\u0026ocs=700\u0026oewis=1\u0026oputc=1\u0026ofpcc=1\u0026msp=1\u0026odepv=1\u0026id=ce27a4011068e328\u0026ip=27.34.72.167\u0026osts=1176\u0026initcwndbps=1372500\u0026mt=1777291542\u0026oweuc=\u0026pxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ\u0026rxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzMw%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNA%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNg"}}}}}},"onTapOptions":{"accessibilityInfo":{"accessibilityLabel":"19 minutes, 36 seconds"}}},{"startIndex":1128,"length":5,"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CJ0DEM2rARgBIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/watch?v=ziekARBo4yg\u0026t=1302s","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_WATCH","rootVe":3832}},"watchEndpoint":{"videoId":"ziekARBo4yg","continuePlayback":true,"startTimeSeconds":1302,"watchEndpointSupportedOnesieConfig":{"html5PlaybackOnesieConfig":{"commonConfig":{"url":"https://rr2---sn-fapo3ox25a-cq2l.googlevideo.com/initplayback?source=youtube\u0026oeis=1\u0026c=WEB\u0026oad=3200\u0026ovd=3200\u0026oaad=11000\u0026oavd=11000\u0026ocs=700\u0026oewis=1\u0026oputc=1\u0026ofpcc=1\u0026msp=1\u0026odepv=1\u0026id=ce27a4011068e328\u0026ip=27.34.72.167\u0026osts=1302\u0026initcwndbps=1372500\u0026mt=1777291542\u0026oweuc=\u0026pxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ\u0026rxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzMw%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNA%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNg"}}}}}},"onTapOptions":{"accessibilityInfo":{"accessibilityLabel":"21 minutes, 42 seconds"}}},{"startIndex":1151,"length":5,"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CJ0DEM2rARgBIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/watch?v=ziekARBo4yg\u0026t=1580s","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_WATCH","rootVe":3832}},"watchEndpoint":{"videoId":"ziekARBo4yg","continuePlayback":true,"startTimeSeconds":1580,"watchEndpointSupportedOnesieConfig":{"html5PlaybackOnesieConfig":{"commonConfig":{"url":"https://rr2---sn-fapo3ox25a-cq2l.googlevideo.com/initplayback?source=youtube\u0026oeis=1\u0026c=WEB\u0026oad=3200\u0026ovd=3200\u0026oaad=11000\u0026oavd=11000\u0026ocs=700\u0026oewis=1\u0026oputc=1\u0026ofpcc=1\u0026msp=1\u0026odepv=1\u0026id=ce27a4011068e328\u0026ip=27.34.72.167\u0026osts=1580\u0026initcwndbps=1372500\u0026mt=1777291542\u0026oweuc=\u0026pxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ\u0026rxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzMw%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNA%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNg"}}}}}},"onTapOptions":{"accessibilityInfo":{"accessibilityLabel":"26 minutes, 20 seconds"}}},{"startIndex":1186,"length":5,"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CJ0DEM2rARgBIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/watch?v=ziekARBo4yg\u0026t=1890s","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_WATCH","rootVe":3832}},"watchEndpoint":{"videoId":"ziekARBo4yg","continuePlayback":true,"startTimeSeconds":1890,"watchEndpointSupportedOnesieConfig":{"html5PlaybackOnesieConfig":{"commonConfig":{"url":"https://rr2---sn-fapo3ox25a-cq2l.googlevideo.com/initplayback?source=youtube\u0026oeis=1\u0026c=WEB\u0026oad=3200\u0026ovd=3200\u0026oaad=11000\u0026oavd=11000\u0026ocs=700\u0026oewis=1\u0026oputc=1\u0026ofpcc=1\u0026msp=1\u0026odepv=1\u0026id=ce27a4011068e328\u0026ip=27.34.72.167\u0026osts=1890\u0026initcwndbps=1372500\u0026mt=1777291542\u0026oweuc=\u0026pxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ\u0026rxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzMw%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNA%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNg"}}}}}},"onTapOptions":{"accessibilityInfo":{"accessibilityLabel":"31 minutes, 30 seconds"}}},{"startIndex":1209,"length":5,"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CJ0DEM2rARgBIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/watch?v=ziekARBo4yg\u0026t=2090s","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_WATCH","rootVe":3832}},"watchEndpoint":{"videoId":"ziekARBo4yg","continuePlayback":true,"startTimeSeconds":2090,"watchEndpointSupportedOnesieConfig":{"html5PlaybackOnesieConfig":{"commonConfig":{"url":"https://rr2---sn-fapo3ox25a-cq2l.googlevideo.com/initplayback?source=youtube\u0026oeis=1\u0026c=WEB\u0026oad=3200\u0026ovd=3200\u0026oaad=11000\u0026oavd=11000\u0026ocs=700\u0026oewis=1\u0026oputc=1\u0026ofpcc=1\u0026msp=1\u0026odepv=1\u0026id=ce27a4011068e328\u0026ip=27.34.72.167\u0026osts=2090\u0026initcwndbps=1372500\u0026mt=1777291542\u0026oweuc=\u0026pxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ\u0026rxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzMw%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNA%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNg"}}}}}},"onTapOptions":{"accessibilityInfo":{"accessibilityLabel":"34 minutes, 50 seconds"}}},{"startIndex":1238,"length":5,"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CJ0DEM2rARgBIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/watch?v=ziekARBo4yg\u0026t=2205s","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_WATCH","rootVe":3832}},"watchEndpoint":{"videoId":"ziekARBo4yg","continuePlayback":true,"startTimeSeconds":2205,"watchEndpointSupportedOnesieConfig":{"html5PlaybackOnesieConfig":{"commonConfig":{"url":"https://rr2---sn-fapo3ox25a-cq2l.googlevideo.com/initplayback?source=youtube\u0026oeis=1\u0026c=WEB\u0026oad=3200\u0026ovd=3200\u0026oaad=11000\u0026oavd=11000\u0026ocs=700\u0026oewis=1\u0026oputc=1\u0026ofpcc=1\u0026msp=1\u0026odepv=1\u0026id=ce27a4011068e328\u0026ip=27.34.72.167\u0026osts=2205\u0026initcwndbps=1372500\u0026mt=1777291542\u0026oweuc=\u0026pxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ\u0026rxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzMw%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNA%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNg"}}}}}},"onTapOptions":{"accessibilityInfo":{"accessibilityLabel":"36 minutes, 45 seconds"}}},{"startIndex":1257,"length":5,"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CJ0DEM2rARgBIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/watch?v=ziekARBo4yg\u0026t=2405s","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_WATCH","rootVe":3832}},"watchEndpoint":{"videoId":"ziekARBo4yg","continuePlayback":true,"startTimeSeconds":2405,"watchEndpointSupportedOnesieConfig":{"html5PlaybackOnesieConfig":{"commonConfig":{"url":"https://rr2---sn-fapo3ox25a-cq2l.googlevideo.com/initplayback?source=youtube\u0026oeis=1\u0026c=WEB\u0026oad=3200\u0026ovd=3200\u0026oaad=11000\u0026oavd=11000\u0026ocs=700\u0026oewis=1\u0026oputc=1\u0026ofpcc=1\u0026msp=1\u0026odepv=1\u0026id=ce27a4011068e328\u0026ip=27.34.72.167\u0026osts=2405\u0026initcwndbps=1372500\u0026mt=1777291542\u0026oweuc=\u0026pxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ\u0026rxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzMw%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNA%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNg"}}}}}},"onTapOptions":{"accessibilityInfo":{"accessibilityLabel":"40 minutes, 5 seconds"}}},{"startIndex":1288,"length":5,"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CJ0DEM2rARgBIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/watch?v=ziekARBo4yg\u0026t=2555s","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_WATCH","rootVe":3832}},"watchEndpoint":{"videoId":"ziekARBo4yg","continuePlayback":true,"startTimeSeconds":2555,"watchEndpointSupportedOnesieConfig":{"html5PlaybackOnesieConfig":{"commonConfig":{"url":"https://rr2---sn-fapo3ox25a-cq2l.googlevideo.com/initplayback?source=youtube\u0026oeis=1\u0026c=WEB\u0026oad=3200\u0026ovd=3200\u0026oaad=11000\u0026oavd=11000\u0026ocs=700\u0026oewis=1\u0026oputc=1\u0026ofpcc=1\u0026msp=1\u0026odepv=1\u0026id=ce27a4011068e328\u0026ip=27.34.72.167\u0026osts=2555\u0026initcwndbps=1372500\u0026mt=1777291542\u0026oweuc=\u0026pxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ\u0026rxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzMw%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNA%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNg"}}}}}},"onTapOptions":{"accessibilityInfo":{"accessibilityLabel":"42 minutes, 35 seconds"}}},{"startIndex":1324,"length":5,"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CJ0DEM2rARgBIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/watch?v=ziekARBo4yg\u0026t=2735s","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_WATCH","rootVe":3832}},"watchEndpoint":{"videoId":"ziekARBo4yg","continuePlayback":true,"startTimeSeconds":2735,"watchEndpointSupportedOnesieConfig":{"html5PlaybackOnesieConfig":{"commonConfig":{"url":"https://rr2---sn-fapo3ox25a-cq2l.googlevideo.com/initplayback?source=youtube\u0026oeis=1\u0026c=WEB\u0026oad=3200\u0026ovd=3200\u0026oaad=11000\u0026oavd=11000\u0026ocs=700\u0026oewis=1\u0026oputc=1\u0026ofpcc=1\u0026msp=1\u0026odepv=1\u0026id=ce27a4011068e328\u0026ip=27.34.72.167\u0026osts=2735\u0026initcwndbps=1372500\u0026mt=1777291542\u0026oweuc=\u0026pxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ\u0026rxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzMw%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNA%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNg"}}}}}},"onTapOptions":{"accessibilityInfo":{"accessibilityLabel":"45 minutes, 35 seconds"}}},{"startIndex":1350,"length":5,"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CJ0DEM2rARgBIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/watch?v=ziekARBo4yg\u0026t=3128s","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_WATCH","rootVe":3832}},"watchEndpoint":{"videoId":"ziekARBo4yg","continuePlayback":true,"startTimeSeconds":3128,"watchEndpointSupportedOnesieConfig":{"html5PlaybackOnesieConfig":{"commonConfig":{"url":"https://rr2---sn-fapo3ox25a-cq2l.googlevideo.com/initplayback?source=youtube\u0026oeis=1\u0026c=WEB\u0026oad=3200\u0026ovd=3200\u0026oaad=11000\u0026oavd=11000\u0026ocs=700\u0026oewis=1\u0026oputc=1\u0026ofpcc=1\u0026msp=1\u0026odepv=1\u0026id=ce27a4011068e328\u0026ip=27.34.72.167\u0026osts=3128\u0026initcwndbps=1372500\u0026mt=1777291542\u0026oweuc=\u0026pxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ\u0026rxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzMw%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNA%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNg"}}}}}},"onTapOptions":{"accessibilityInfo":{"accessibilityLabel":"52 minutes, 8 seconds"}}},{"startIndex":1406,"length":24,"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CJ0DEM2rARgBIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYSKjGo4ORgOmTzgHKAQTZF1Ah","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"https://www.youtube.com/redirect?event=video_description\u0026redir_token=QUFFLUhqbjA1SExTMXpPX0N4M1V6c2pLNDUtYUhiMi1zZ3xBQ3Jtc0tsSHNPZG0yUmNLQ282QmNFTnhNTTRiQnozMXNNQ2pCel9VQTFBRDlTRFJLQm5LUWg0Umw4X1RuWlZVUVRGUE1CUmU3QTBUQ0wybWZLYlY0UnZlejV4OEhXR0tTVnZ4NTRzQXplMGxtQWxOWF8wVkdDYw\u0026q=https%3A%2F%2Fadobe.ly%2F47TmqJh\u0026v=ziekARBo4yg","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_UNKNOWN","rootVe":83769}},"urlEndpoint":{"url":"https://www.youtube.com/redirect?event=video_description\u0026redir_token=QUFFLUhqbjA1SExTMXpPX0N4M1V6c2pLNDUtYUhiMi1zZ3xBQ3Jtc0tsSHNPZG0yUmNLQ282QmNFTnhNTTRiQnozMXNNQ2pCel9VQTFBRDlTRFJLQm5LUWg0Umw4X1RuWlZVUVRGUE1CUmU3QTBUQ0wybWZLYlY0UnZlejV4OEhXR0tTVnZ4NTRzQXplMGxtQWxOWF8wVkdDYw\u0026q=https%3A%2F%2Fadobe.ly%2F47TmqJh\u0026v=ziekARBo4yg","target":"TARGET_NEW_WINDOW","nofollow":true}}}},{"startIndex":1464,"length":24,"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CJ0DEM2rARgBIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYSKjGo4ORgOmTzgHKAQTZF1Ah","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"https://www.youtube.com/redirect?event=video_description\u0026redir_token=QUFFLUhqa1hUUWlKTi0tUXRUdVVzRG1yWWZ2WjRQY0ZsQXxBQ3Jtc0traEhlam5BUS02cmV2bUdQZWNiaGJDV2tIRGJCckp4TWU3b29FNHE4cGd1VmtIdW05SUIyaHVSaDBxTlBsTmlyZkF4YXpnaS1YX1dUMHN2Wl9JUnNrVFJPNkZ5aVpzSm1vR0hGRW93RzJkZDI2Xy1Kaw\u0026q=https%3A%2F%2Fadobe.ly%2F499EC2k\u0026v=ziekARBo4yg","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_UNKNOWN","rootVe":83769}},"urlEndpoint":{"url":"https://www.youtube.com/redirect?event=video_description\u0026redir_token=QUFFLUhqa1hUUWlKTi0tUXRUdVVzRG1yWWZ2WjRQY0ZsQXxBQ3Jtc0traEhlam5BUS02cmV2bUdQZWNiaGJDV2tIRGJCckp4TWU3b29FNHE4cGd1VmtIdW05SUIyaHVSaDBxTlBsTmlyZkF4YXpnaS1YX1dUMHN2Wl9JUnNrVFJPNkZ5aVpzSm1vR0hGRW93RzJkZDI2Xy1Kaw\u0026q=https%3A%2F%2Fadobe.ly%2F499EC2k\u0026v=ziekARBo4yg","target":"TARGET_NEW_WINDOW","nofollow":true}}}},{"startIndex":1518,"length":24,"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CJ0DEM2rARgBIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYSKjGo4ORgOmTzgHKAQTZF1Ah","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"https://www.youtube.com/redirect?event=video_description\u0026redir_token=QUFFLUhqazhQamhIM0tNTjUwbUp6MVdZLXRXczZ2QVdQUXxBQ3Jtc0tsazB6cDhwZGVGTzk2cHJ6d0hScE5INHdBdDNaMHUxaHJ0WjJ6dlBkNUV0VENoQnR4dUdiZy1mVjdRN1RWYTk1WjVONFZoNEVOMjk0Ri00TkswMGNyOEI3a01Oc25EWU9YT3EzU3ZlNzlfTFNub0EyMA\u0026q=https%3A%2F%2Fadobe.ly%2F3UU860d\u0026v=ziekARBo4yg","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_UNKNOWN","rootVe":83769}},"urlEndpoint":{"url":"https://www.youtube.com/redirect?event=video_description\u0026redir_token=QUFFLUhqazhQamhIM0tNTjUwbUp6MVdZLXRXczZ2QVdQUXxBQ3Jtc0tsazB6cDhwZGVGTzk2cHJ6d0hScE5INHdBdDNaMHUxaHJ0WjJ6dlBkNUV0VENoQnR4dUdiZy1mVjdRN1RWYTk1WjVONFZoNEVOMjk0Ri00TkswMGNyOEI3a01Oc25EWU9YT3EzU3ZlNzlfTFNub0EyMA\u0026q=https%3A%2F%2Fadobe.ly%2F3UU860d\u0026v=ziekARBo4yg","target":"TARGET_NEW_WINDOW","nofollow":true}}}},{"startIndex":1661,"length":13,"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CKEDENzXBBhgIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/hashtag/adobefirefly","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_BROWSE","rootVe":6827,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/browse"}},"browseEndpoint":{"browseId":"FEhashtag","params":"6gUQCgxhZG9iZWZpcmVmbHkYAQ%3D%3D"}}},"loggingDirectives":{"trackingParams":"CKEDENzXBBhgIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY"}},{"startIndex":2620,"length":18,"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CJ0DEM2rARgBIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYSKjGo4ORgOmTzgHKAQTZF1Ah","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"https://www.youtube.com/redirect?event=video_description\u0026redir_token=QUFFLUhqbjdqVFYtbDAtaTF0Z2F4THVQSnVnNDJfdnBLUXxBQ3Jtc0tubTF2RkVLMmZEcmFGSmZ0clNXeklMMHFEUkZMM1hyc1R5bWlYaVZEUlpfOU5QRTQwRVU3MzdBMU9hcE53VFVlOFdFZHJhbExzOVZNazdpalJyckcwajZhRjlqeHRiOUJLU01EMUhoXzJWb0RpdDNWVQ\u0026q=https%3A%2F%2FTwitter.com%2FAdobeExpress\u0026v=ziekARBo4yg","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_UNKNOWN","rootVe":83769}},"urlEndpoint":{"url":"https://www.youtube.com/redirect?event=video_description\u0026redir_token=QUFFLUhqbjdqVFYtbDAtaTF0Z2F4THVQSnVnNDJfdnBLUXxBQ3Jtc0tubTF2RkVLMmZEcmFGSmZ0clNXeklMMHFEUkZMM1hyc1R5bWlYaVZEUlpfOU5QRTQwRVU3MzdBMU9hcE53VFVlOFdFZHJhbExzOVZNazdpalJyckcwajZhRjlqeHRiOUJLU01EMUhoXzJWb0RpdDNWVQ\u0026q=https%3A%2F%2FTwitter.com%2FAdobeExpress\u0026v=ziekARBo4yg","target":"TARGET_NEW_WINDOW","nofollow":true}}},"onTapOptions":{"accessibilityInfo":{"accessibilityLabel":"Twitter Channel Link: AdobeExpress"}}},{"startIndex":2650,"length":18,"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CJ0DEM2rARgBIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYSKjGo4ORgOmTzgHKAQTZF1Ah","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"https://www.youtube.com/redirect?event=video_description\u0026redir_token=QUFFLUhqa1lXMXdHY1BYSnRLRXpuck1Yd1RETVVmY0FBUXxBQ3Jtc0tsN25NNS1XNFN2MGpvT19ZSnZzenVJcG5FWHdvX2F6b1ZKQV9reW1wcmlqSnBKampnVjdJNWNDWHNVLVFwWU1mQUthRTRwYnc5M3hvZkQtOUt5X0RraXZ6THQ5Tnl3NnAxdnJrZXI3U2VIWlRsbklwWQ\u0026q=https%3A%2F%2Ffacebook.com%2FAdobeExpress\u0026v=ziekARBo4yg","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_UNKNOWN","rootVe":83769}},"urlEndpoint":{"url":"https://www.youtube.com/redirect?event=video_description\u0026redir_token=QUFFLUhqa1lXMXdHY1BYSnRLRXpuck1Yd1RETVVmY0FBUXxBQ3Jtc0tsN25NNS1XNFN2MGpvT19ZSnZzenVJcG5FWHdvX2F6b1ZKQV9reW1wcmlqSnBKampnVjdJNWNDWHNVLVFwWU1mQUthRTRwYnc5M3hvZkQtOUt5X0RraXZ6THQ5Tnl3NnAxdnJrZXI3U2VIWlRsbklwWQ\u0026q=https%3A%2F%2Ffacebook.com%2FAdobeExpress\u0026v=ziekARBo4yg","target":"TARGET_NEW_WINDOW","nofollow":true}}},"onTapOptions":{"accessibilityInfo":{"accessibilityLabel":"Facebook Channel Link: AdobeExpress"}}},{"startIndex":2686,"length":26,"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CJ0DEM2rARgBIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYSKjGo4ORgOmTzgHKAQTZF1Ah","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"https://www.youtube.com/redirect?event=video_description\u0026redir_token=QUFFLUhqa3BxdlYwMEcxQ1owRm9LZVk1YWFLYmhoX0R0d3xBQ3Jtc0traGY1ZzlkNDY2WEF5NmRZSGpneUVnZFFIbG1tRGFPLWtsZkU1WGRWVXladkJTWXI2d0J2ZU44RW11aUg3cmxwZDBjU3hub3Q2cFVPMVNGZ3hVa2ZHVFJ0T3NfZTIzYjlSeTNaU1oyMXVaeFpvZFNtVQ\u0026q=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.facebook.com%2Fgroups%2Fadobeexpressinsiders%2F\u0026v=ziekARBo4yg","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_UNKNOWN","rootVe":83769}},"urlEndpoint":{"url":"https://www.youtube.com/redirect?event=video_description\u0026redir_token=QUFFLUhqa3BxdlYwMEcxQ1owRm9LZVk1YWFLYmhoX0R0d3xBQ3Jtc0traGY1ZzlkNDY2WEF5NmRZSGpneUVnZFFIbG1tRGFPLWtsZkU1WGRWVXladkJTWXI2d0J2ZU44RW11aUg3cmxwZDBjU3hub3Q2cFVPMVNGZ3hVa2ZHVFJ0T3NfZTIzYjlSeTNaU1oyMXVaeFpvZFNtVQ\u0026q=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.facebook.com%2Fgroups%2Fadobeexpressinsiders%2F\u0026v=ziekARBo4yg","target":"TARGET_NEW_WINDOW","nofollow":true}}},"onTapOptions":{"accessibilityInfo":{"accessibilityLabel":"Facebook Channel Link: adobeexpressinsiders"}}},{"startIndex":2725,"length":18,"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CJ0DEM2rARgBIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYSKjGo4ORgOmTzgHKAQTZF1Ah","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"https://www.youtube.com/redirect?event=video_description\u0026redir_token=QUFFLUhqazRPQ3FUQnVpZVI1OUZKZUFhdGdCZEtfRXlkZ3xBQ3Jtc0ttTXpOLVh2YkNGRW5wZTJNa0JzM1BSamJZOHZEdDVYcFRhaFA4bzBHWDFsZk9IdHlzemJCSmhMNjVjYVhpVjZja3dOdFlPTURYUHUxMnhqMTJiSkZtbTRoVUswZFFmMU90Z19OVzF6WDdiZFVHZ3Vicw\u0026q=https%3A%2F%2Finstagram.com%2Fadobeexpress\u0026v=ziekARBo4yg","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_UNKNOWN","rootVe":83769}},"urlEndpoint":{"url":"https://www.youtube.com/redirect?event=video_description\u0026redir_token=QUFFLUhqazRPQ3FUQnVpZVI1OUZKZUFhdGdCZEtfRXlkZ3xBQ3Jtc0ttTXpOLVh2YkNGRW5wZTJNa0JzM1BSamJZOHZEdDVYcFRhaFA4bzBHWDFsZk9IdHlzemJCSmhMNjVjYVhpVjZja3dOdFlPTURYUHUxMnhqMTJiSkZtbTRoVUswZFFmMU90Z19OVzF6WDdiZFVHZ3Vicw\u0026q=https%3A%2F%2Finstagram.com%2Fadobeexpress\u0026v=ziekARBo4yg","target":"TARGET_NEW_WINDOW","nofollow":true}}},"onTapOptions":{"accessibilityInfo":{"accessibilityLabel":"Instagram Channel Link: adobeexpress"}}},{"startIndex":2756,"length":18,"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CJ0DEM2rARgBIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYSKjGo4ORgOmTzgHKAQTZF1Ah","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"https://www.youtube.com/redirect?event=video_description\u0026redir_token=QUFFLUhqazZ2QWVaNG92WENhNF9DbFJRdG5LOTR4cVo0UXxBQ3Jtc0tseW02ejNmNGVteUQwSnBQanVLTVNuZ3pLcjM3UW5BanRZQXFiLTZXWHY0b0pLTW5yUW5Ba1ZwNXVJS01iZHRQWm55a0Vad2JUdWFrdDFaSF9LaldkTGlNVy1pMWt1M1gxbVZ2bGNGOG1qRm9uWW0yNA\u0026q=https%3A%2F%2Fpinterest.com%2Fadobeexpress\u0026v=ziekARBo4yg","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_UNKNOWN","rootVe":83769}},"urlEndpoint":{"url":"https://www.youtube.com/redirect?event=video_description\u0026redir_token=QUFFLUhqazZ2QWVaNG92WENhNF9DbFJRdG5LOTR4cVo0UXxBQ3Jtc0tseW02ejNmNGVteUQwSnBQanVLTVNuZ3pLcjM3UW5BanRZQXFiLTZXWHY0b0pLTW5yUW5Ba1ZwNXVJS01iZHRQWm55a0Vad2JUdWFrdDFaSF9LaldkTGlNVy1pMWt1M1gxbVZ2bGNGOG1qRm9uWW0yNA\u0026q=https%3A%2F%2Fpinterest.com%2Fadobeexpress\u0026v=ziekARBo4yg","target":"TARGET_NEW_WINDOW","nofollow":true}}},"onTapOptions":{"accessibilityInfo":{"accessibilityLabel":"Pinterest Channel Link: adobeexpress"}}},{"startIndex":2785,"length":13,"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CJ0DEM2rARgBIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYSKjGo4ORgOmTzgHKAQTZF1Ah","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"https://www.youtube.com/redirect?event=video_description\u0026redir_token=QUFFLUhqbXF1dkhvRGJmaUFqOWZ2Q1hfamNHT3VXelNVd3xBQ3Jtc0tsdmw1SUYwSnZoaWx6cDVHTndSaEt1eHBqWXp5YVJEX2tXd19MSW5Dd3lfLXFMUWlnNE1zSzZNNTZCTjBMeE9rS3VDS1ZZWVRIcDhhd3F0VVR0anR2ZHg4YXA1SlJrMk1KTGktRkZjdVlFZEljSTNUVQ\u0026q=https%3A%2F%2Fdiscord.com%2Fadobeexpress\u0026v=ziekARBo4yg","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_UNKNOWN","rootVe":83769}},"urlEndpoint":{"url":"https://www.youtube.com/redirect?event=video_description\u0026redir_token=QUFFLUhqbXF1dkhvRGJmaUFqOWZ2Q1hfamNHT3VXelNVd3xBQ3Jtc0tsdmw1SUYwSnZoaWx6cDVHTndSaEt1eHBqWXp5YVJEX2tXd19MSW5Dd3lfLXFMUWlnNE1zSzZNNTZCTjBMeE9rS3VDS1ZZWVRIcDhhd3F0VVR0anR2ZHg4YXA1SlJrMk1KTGktRkZjdVlFZEljSTNUVQ\u0026q=https%3A%2F%2Fdiscord.com%2Fadobeexpress\u0026v=ziekARBo4yg","target":"TARGET_NEW_WINDOW","nofollow":true}}},"onTapOptions":{"accessibilityInfo":{"accessibilityLabel":"Discord Channel Link: discord"}}},{"startIndex":2808,"length":18,"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CJ0DEM2rARgBIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYSKjGo4ORgOmTzgHKAQTZF1Ah","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"https://www.youtube.com/redirect?event=video_description\u0026redir_token=QUFFLUhqa2FYWEltbW5iazRROHVTYmZ0XzlENW9TZkprUXxBQ3Jtc0trQWt1VUprWm1YSlkxbDBsQUtIbUtvX3FBaF9Ec2dGeUdRcFctcDhHNGstcVhJQUxlS1k2dW9wQ2dtdVY0UmJINF8tSndkT0ZRbmNwbkd4TVpUUjFwSHZ2UkpxdThiTGZkVjRFdGxDTW5NcXlPQmdKcw\u0026q=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.tiktok.com%2F%40adobeexpress\u0026v=ziekARBo4yg","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_UNKNOWN","rootVe":83769}},"urlEndpoint":{"url":"https://www.youtube.com/redirect?event=video_description\u0026redir_token=QUFFLUhqa2FYWEltbW5iazRROHVTYmZ0XzlENW9TZkprUXxBQ3Jtc0trQWt1VUprWm1YSlkxbDBsQUtIbUtvX3FBaF9Ec2dGeUdRcFctcDhHNGstcVhJQUxlS1k2dW9wQ2dtdVY0UmJINF8tSndkT0ZRbmNwbkd4TVpUUjFwSHZ2UkpxdThiTGZkVjRFdGxDTW5NcXlPQmdKcw\u0026q=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.tiktok.com%2F%40adobeexpress\u0026v=ziekARBo4yg","target":"TARGET_NEW_WINDOW","nofollow":true}}},"onTapOptions":{"accessibilityInfo":{"accessibilityLabel":"TikTok Channel Link: adobeexpress"}}},{"startIndex":2828,"length":6,"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CKADENzXBBhoIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/hashtag/adobe","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_BROWSE","rootVe":6827,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/browse"}},"browseEndpoint":{"browseId":"FEhashtag","params":"6gUJCgVhZG9iZRgB"}}},"loggingDirectives":{"trackingParams":"CKADENzXBBhoIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY"}},{"startIndex":2835,"length":13,"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CJ8DENzXBBhpIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/hashtag/adobeexpress","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_BROWSE","rootVe":6827,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/browse"}},"browseEndpoint":{"browseId":"FEhashtag","params":"6gUQCgxhZG9iZWV4cHJlc3MYAQ%3D%3D"}}},"loggingDirectives":{"trackingParams":"CJ8DENzXBBhpIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY"}},{"startIndex":2849,"length":13,"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CJ4DENzXBBhqIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/hashtag/adobeyoutube","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_BROWSE","rootVe":6827,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/browse"}},"browseEndpoint":{"browseId":"FEhashtag","params":"6gUQCgxhZG9iZXlvdXR1YmUYAQ%3D%3D"}}},"loggingDirectives":{"trackingParams":"CJ4DENzXBBhqIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY"}},{"startIndex":2923,"length":52,"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CJ0DEM2rARgBIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/watch?v=ziekARBo4yg","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_WATCH","rootVe":3832}},"watchEndpoint":{"videoId":"ziekARBo4yg","startTimeSeconds":0,"watchEndpointSupportedOnesieConfig":{"html5PlaybackOnesieConfig":{"commonConfig":{"url":"https://rr2---sn-fapo3ox25a-cq2l.googlevideo.com/initplayback?source=youtube\u0026oeis=1\u0026c=WEB\u0026oad=3200\u0026ovd=3200\u0026oaad=11000\u0026oavd=11000\u0026ocs=700\u0026oewis=1\u0026oputc=1\u0026ofpcc=1\u0026msp=1\u0026odepv=1\u0026id=ce27a4011068e328\u0026ip=27.34.72.167\u0026initcwndbps=1372500\u0026mt=1777291542\u0026oweuc=\u0026pxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ\u0026rxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzMw%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNA%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNg"}}}}}},"onTapOptions":{"accessibilityInfo":{"accessibilityLabel":"YouTube Channel Link: Get Social: Social Media Trends July 2022 | Adobe Express"}}}],"styleRuns":[{"startIndex":0,"length":613,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4294967295},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4279440147}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":613,"length":29,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4282296063},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4278607828}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":642,"length":135,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4294967295},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4279440147}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":777,"length":23,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4294967295},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4279440147}]}}},{"startIndex":800,"length":27,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4294967295},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4279440147}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":827,"length":33,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4282296063},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4278607828}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":860,"length":2,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4294967295},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4279440147}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":862,"length":5,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4282296063},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4278607828}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":867,"length":7,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4294967295},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4279440147}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":874,"length":5,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4282296063},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4278607828}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":879,"length":14,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4294967295},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4279440147}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":893,"length":5,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4282296063},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4278607828}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":898,"length":46,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4294967295},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4279440147}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":944,"length":5,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4282296063},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4278607828}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":949,"length":24,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4294967295},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4279440147}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":973,"length":5,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4282296063},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4278607828}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":978,"length":17,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4294967295},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4279440147}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":995,"length":5,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4282296063},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4278607828}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":1000,"length":30,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4294967295},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4279440147}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":1030,"length":5,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4282296063},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4278607828}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":1035,"length":26,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4294967295},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4279440147}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":1061,"length":5,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4282296063},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4278607828}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":1066,"length":30,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4294967295},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4279440147}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":1096,"length":5,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4282296063},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4278607828}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":1101,"length":27,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4294967295},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4279440147}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":1128,"length":5,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4282296063},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4278607828}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":1133,"length":18,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4294967295},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4279440147}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":1151,"length":5,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4282296063},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4278607828}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":1156,"length":30,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4294967295},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4279440147}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":1186,"length":5,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4282296063},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4278607828}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":1191,"length":18,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4294967295},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4279440147}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":1209,"length":5,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4282296063},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4278607828}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":1214,"length":24,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4294967295},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4279440147}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":1238,"length":5,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4282296063},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4278607828}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":1243,"length":14,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4294967295},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4279440147}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":1257,"length":5,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4282296063},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4278607828}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":1262,"length":26,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4294967295},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4279440147}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":1288,"length":5,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4282296063},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4278607828}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":1293,"length":31,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4294967295},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4279440147}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":1324,"length":5,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4282296063},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4278607828}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":1329,"length":21,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4294967295},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4279440147}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":1350,"length":5,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4282296063},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4278607828}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":1355,"length":51,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4294967295},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4279440147}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":1406,"length":24,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4282296063},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4278607828}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":1430,"length":34,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4294967295},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4279440147}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":1464,"length":24,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4282296063},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4278607828}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":1488,"length":30,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4294967295},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4279440147}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":1518,"length":24,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4282296063},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4278607828}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":1542,"length":119,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4294967295},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4279440147}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":1661,"length":13,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4282296063},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4278607828}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":1674,"length":946,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4294967295},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4279440147}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":2620,"length":18,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4294967295},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4279440147}]}}},{"startIndex":2638,"length":12,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4294967295},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4279440147}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":2650,"length":18,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4294967295},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4279440147}]}}},{"startIndex":2668,"length":18,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4294967295},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4279440147}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":2686,"length":26,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4294967295},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4279440147}]}}},{"startIndex":2712,"length":13,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4294967295},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4279440147}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":2725,"length":18,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4294967295},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4279440147}]}}},{"startIndex":2743,"length":13,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4294967295},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4279440147}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":2756,"length":18,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4294967295},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4279440147}]}}},{"startIndex":2774,"length":11,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4294967295},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4279440147}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":2785,"length":13,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4294967295},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4279440147}]}}},{"startIndex":2798,"length":10,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4294967295},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4279440147}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":2808,"length":18,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4294967295},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4279440147}]}}},{"startIndex":2826,"length":2,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4294967295},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4279440147}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":2828,"length":6,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4282296063},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4278607828}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":2834,"length":1,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4294967295},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4279440147}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":2835,"length":13,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4282296063},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4278607828}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":2848,"length":1,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4294967295},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4279440147}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":2849,"length":13,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4282296063},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4278607828}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":2862,"length":61,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4294967295},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4279440147}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":2923,"length":52,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4294967295},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4279440147}]}}}],"attachmentRuns":[{"startIndex":778,"length":0,"element":{"type":{"imageType":{"image":{"sources":[{"url":"https://www.gstatic.com/youtube/img/watch/social_media/instagram_1x.png"}]}}},"properties":{"layoutProperties":{"height":{"value":14,"unit":"DIMENSION_UNIT_POINT"},"width":{"value":14,"unit":"DIMENSION_UNIT_POINT"},"margin":{"top":{"value":0.5,"unit":"DIMENSION_UNIT_POINT"}}}}},"alignment":"ALIGNMENT_VERTICAL_CENTER"},{"startIndex":2621,"length":0,"element":{"type":{"imageType":{"image":{"sources":[{"url":"https://www.gstatic.com/youtube/img/watch/social_media/twitter_1x_v2.png"}]}}},"properties":{"layoutProperties":{"height":{"value":14,"unit":"DIMENSION_UNIT_POINT"},"width":{"value":14,"unit":"DIMENSION_UNIT_POINT"},"margin":{"top":{"value":0.5,"unit":"DIMENSION_UNIT_POINT"}}}}},"alignment":"ALIGNMENT_VERTICAL_CENTER"},{"startIndex":2651,"length":0,"element":{"type":{"imageType":{"image":{"sources":[{"url":"https://www.gstatic.com/youtube/img/watch/social_media/facebook_1x.png"}]}}},"properties":{"layoutProperties":{"height":{"value":14,"unit":"DIMENSION_UNIT_POINT"},"width":{"value":14,"unit":"DIMENSION_UNIT_POINT"},"margin":{"top":{"value":0.5,"unit":"DIMENSION_UNIT_POINT"}}}}},"alignment":"ALIGNMENT_VERTICAL_CENTER"},{"startIndex":2687,"length":0,"element":{"type":{"imageType":{"image":{"sources":[{"url":"https://www.gstatic.com/youtube/img/watch/social_media/facebook_1x.png"}]}}},"properties":{"layoutProperties":{"height":{"value":14,"unit":"DIMENSION_UNIT_POINT"},"width":{"value":14,"unit":"DIMENSION_UNIT_POINT"},"margin":{"top":{"value":0.5,"unit":"DIMENSION_UNIT_POINT"}}}}},"alignment":"ALIGNMENT_VERTICAL_CENTER"},{"startIndex":2726,"length":0,"element":{"type":{"imageType":{"image":{"sources":[{"url":"https://www.gstatic.com/youtube/img/watch/social_media/instagram_1x.png"}]}}},"properties":{"layoutProperties":{"height":{"value":14,"unit":"DIMENSION_UNIT_POINT"},"width":{"value":14,"unit":"DIMENSION_UNIT_POINT"},"margin":{"top":{"value":0.5,"unit":"DIMENSION_UNIT_POINT"}}}}},"alignment":"ALIGNMENT_VERTICAL_CENTER"},{"startIndex":2757,"length":0,"element":{"type":{"imageType":{"image":{"sources":[{"url":"https://www.gstatic.com/youtube/img/watch/social_media/pinterest_1x.png"}]}}},"properties":{"layoutProperties":{"height":{"value":14,"unit":"DIMENSION_UNIT_POINT"},"width":{"value":14,"unit":"DIMENSION_UNIT_POINT"},"margin":{"top":{"value":0.5,"unit":"DIMENSION_UNIT_POINT"}}}}},"alignment":"ALIGNMENT_VERTICAL_CENTER"},{"startIndex":2786,"length":0,"element":{"type":{"imageType":{"image":{"sources":[{"url":"https://www.gstatic.com/youtube/img/watch/social_media/discord_1x.png"}]}}},"properties":{"layoutProperties":{"height":{"value":14,"unit":"DIMENSION_UNIT_POINT"},"width":{"value":14,"unit":"DIMENSION_UNIT_POINT"},"margin":{"top":{"value":0.5,"unit":"DIMENSION_UNIT_POINT"}}}}},"alignment":"ALIGNMENT_VERTICAL_CENTER"},{"startIndex":2809,"length":0,"element":{"type":{"imageType":{"image":{"sources":[{"url":"https://www.gstatic.com/youtube/img/watch/social_media/tiktok_1x.png"}]}}},"properties":{"layoutProperties":{"height":{"value":14,"unit":"DIMENSION_UNIT_POINT"},"width":{"value":14,"unit":"DIMENSION_UNIT_POINT"},"margin":{"top":{"value":0.5,"unit":"DIMENSION_UNIT_POINT"}}}}},"alignment":"ALIGNMENT_VERTICAL_CENTER"},{"startIndex":2925,"length":0,"element":{"type":{"imageType":{"image":{"sources":[{"url":"https://www.gstatic.com/youtube/img/watch/yt_favicon_ringo2.png"}]}}},"properties":{"layoutProperties":{"height":{"value":10,"unit":"DIMENSION_UNIT_POINT"},"width":{"value":14,"unit":"DIMENSION_UNIT_POINT"},"margin":{"top":{"value":0.5,"unit":"DIMENSION_UNIT_POINT"}}}}},"alignment":"ALIGNMENT_VERTICAL_CENTER"}],"decorationRuns":[{"textDecorator":{"highlightTextDecorator":{"startIndex":777,"length":23,"backgroundCornerRadius":8,"bottomPadding":1,"highlightTextDecoratorExtensions":{"highlightTextDecoratorColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":452984831},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":218103808}]}}}}},{"textDecorator":{"highlightTextDecorator":{"startIndex":2620,"length":18,"backgroundCornerRadius":8,"bottomPadding":1,"highlightTextDecoratorExtensions":{"highlightTextDecoratorColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":452984831},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":218103808}]}}}}},{"textDecorator":{"highlightTextDecorator":{"startIndex":2650,"length":18,"backgroundCornerRadius":8,"bottomPadding":1,"highlightTextDecoratorExtensions":{"highlightTextDecoratorColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":452984831},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":218103808}]}}}}},{"textDecorator":{"highlightTextDecorator":{"startIndex":2686,"length":26,"backgroundCornerRadius":8,"bottomPadding":1,"highlightTextDecoratorExtensions":{"highlightTextDecoratorColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":452984831},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":218103808}]}}}}},{"textDecorator":{"highlightTextDecorator":{"startIndex":2725,"length":18,"backgroundCornerRadius":8,"bottomPadding":1,"highlightTextDecoratorExtensions":{"highlightTextDecoratorColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":452984831},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":218103808}]}}}}},{"textDecorator":{"highlightTextDecorator":{"startIndex":2756,"length":18,"backgroundCornerRadius":8,"bottomPadding":1,"highlightTextDecoratorExtensions":{"highlightTextDecoratorColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":452984831},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":218103808}]}}}}},{"textDecorator":{"highlightTextDecorator":{"startIndex":2785,"length":13,"backgroundCornerRadius":8,"bottomPadding":1,"highlightTextDecoratorExtensions":{"highlightTextDecoratorColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":452984831},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":218103808}]}}}}},{"textDecorator":{"highlightTextDecorator":{"startIndex":2808,"length":18,"backgroundCornerRadius":8,"bottomPadding":1,"highlightTextDecoratorExtensions":{"highlightTextDecoratorColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":452984831},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":218103808}]}}}}},{"textDecorator":{"highlightTextDecorator":{"startIndex":2923,"length":52,"backgroundCornerRadius":8,"bottomPadding":1,"highlightTextDecoratorExtensions":{"highlightTextDecoratorColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":452984831},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":218103808}]}}}}}]},"headerRuns":[{"startIndex":0,"length":613,"headerMapping":"ATTRIBUTED_STRING_HEADER_MAPPING_UNSPECIFIED"},{"startIndex":613,"length":29,"headerMapping":"ATTRIBUTED_STRING_HEADER_MAPPING_UNSPECIFIED"},{"startIndex":642,"length":135,"headerMapping":"ATTRIBUTED_STRING_HEADER_MAPPING_UNSPECIFIED"},{"startIndex":777,"length":23,"headerMapping":"ATTRIBUTED_STRING_HEADER_MAPPING_UNSPECIFIED"},{"startIndex":800,"length":27,"headerMapping":"ATTRIBUTED_STRING_HEADER_MAPPING_UNSPECIFIED"},{"startIndex":827,"length":33,"headerMapping":"ATTRIBUTED_STRING_HEADER_MAPPING_UNSPECIFIED"},{"startIndex":860,"length":2,"headerMapping":"ATTRIBUTED_STRING_HEADER_MAPPING_UNSPECIFIED"},{"startIndex":862,"length":5,"headerMapping":"ATTRIBUTED_STRING_HEADER_MAPPING_UNSPECIFIED"},{"startIndex":867,"length":7,"headerMapping":"ATTRIBUTED_STRING_HEADER_MAPPING_UNSPECIFIED"},{"startIndex":874,"length":5,"headerMapping":"ATTRIBUTED_STRING_HEADER_MAPPING_UNSPECIFIED"},{"startIndex":879,"length":14,"headerMapping":"ATTRIBUTED_STRING_HEADER_MAPPING_UNSPECIFIED"},{"startIndex":893,"length":5,"headerMapping":"ATTRIBUTED_STRING_HEADER_MAPPING_UNSPECIFIED"},{"startIndex":898,"length":46,"headerMapping":"ATTRIBUTED_STRING_HEADER_MAPPING_UNSPECIFIED"},{"startIndex":944,"length":5,"headerMapping":"ATTRIBUTED_STRING_HEADER_MAPPING_UNSPECIFIED"},{"startIndex":949,"length":24,"headerMapping":"ATTRIBUTED_STRING_HEADER_MAPPING_UNSPECIFIED"},{"startIndex":973,"length":5,"headerMapping":"ATTRIBUTED_STRING_HEADER_MAPPING_UNSPECIFIED"},{"startIndex":978,"length":17,"headerMapping":"ATTRIBUTED_STRING_HEADER_MAPPING_UNSPECIFIED"},{"startIndex":995,"length":5,"headerMapping":"ATTRIBUTED_STRING_HEADER_MAPPING_UNSPECIFIED"},{"startIndex":1000,"length":30,"headerMapping":"ATTRIBUTED_STRING_HEADER_MAPPING_UNSPECIFIED"},{"startIndex":1030,"length":5,"headerMapping":"ATTRIBUTED_STRING_HEADER_MAPPING_UNSPECIFIED"},{"startIndex":1035,"length":26,"headerMapping":"ATTRIBUTED_STRING_HEADER_MAPPING_UNSPECIFIED"},{"startIndex":1061,"length":5,"headerMapping":"ATTRIBUTED_STRING_HEADER_MAPPING_UNSPECIFIED"},{"startIndex":1066,"length":30,"headerMapping":"ATTRIBUTED_STRING_HEADER_MAPPING_UNSPECIFIED"},{"startIndex":1096,"length":5,"headerMapping":"ATTRIBUTED_STRING_HEADER_MAPPING_UNSPECIFIED"},{"startIndex":1101,"length":27,"headerMapping":"ATTRIBUTED_STRING_HEADER_MAPPING_UNSPECIFIED"},{"startIndex":1128,"length":5,"headerMapping":"ATTRIBUTED_STRING_HEADER_MAPPING_UNSPECIFIED"},{"startIndex":1133,"length":18,"headerMapping":"ATTRIBUTED_STRING_HEADER_MAPPING_UNSPECIFIED"},{"startIndex":1151,"length":5,"headerMapping":"ATTRIBUTED_STRING_HEADER_MAPPING_UNSPECIFIED"},{"startIndex":1156,"length":30,"headerMapping":"ATTRIBUTED_STRING_HEADER_MAPPING_UNSPECIFIED"},{"startIndex":1186,"length":5,"headerMapping":"ATTRIBUTED_STRING_HEADER_MAPPING_UNSPECIFIED"},{"startIndex":1191,"length":18,"headerMapping":"ATTRIBUTED_STRING_HEADER_MAPPING_UNSPECIFIED"},{"startIndex":1209,"length":5,"headerMapping":"ATTRIBUTED_STRING_HEADER_MAPPING_UNSPECIFIED"},{"startIndex":1214,"length":24,"headerMapping":"ATTRIBUTED_STRING_HEADER_MAPPING_UNSPECIFIED"},{"startIndex":1238,"length":5,"headerMapping":"ATTRIBUTED_STRING_HEADER_MAPPING_UNSPECIFIED"},{"startIndex":1243,"length":14,"headerMapping":"ATTRIBUTED_STRING_HEADER_MAPPING_UNSPECIFIED"},{"startIndex":1257,"length":5,"headerMapping":"ATTRIBUTED_STRING_HEADER_MAPPING_UNSPECIFIED"},{"startIndex":1262,"length":26,"headerMapping":"ATTRIBUTED_STRING_HEADER_MAPPING_UNSPECIFIED"},{"startIndex":1288,"length":5,"headerMapping":"ATTRIBUTED_STRING_HEADER_MAPPING_UNSPECIFIED"},{"startIndex":1293,"length":31,"headerMapping":"ATTRIBUTED_STRING_HEADER_MAPPING_UNSPECIFIED"},{"startIndex":1324,"length":5,"headerMapping":"ATTRIBUTED_STRING_HEADER_MAPPING_UNSPECIFIED"},{"startIndex":1329,"length":21,"headerMapping":"ATTRIBUTED_STRING_HEADER_MAPPING_UNSPECIFIED"},{"startIndex":1350,"length":5,"headerMapping":"ATTRIBUTED_STRING_HEADER_MAPPING_UNSPECIFIED"},{"startIndex":1355,"length":51,"headerMapping":"ATTRIBUTED_STRING_HEADER_MAPPING_UNSPECIFIED"},{"startIndex":1406,"length":24,"headerMapping":"ATTRIBUTED_STRING_HEADER_MAPPING_UNSPECIFIED"},{"startIndex":1430,"length":34,"headerMapping":"ATTRIBUTED_STRING_HEADER_MAPPING_UNSPECIFIED"},{"startIndex":1464,"length":24,"headerMapping":"ATTRIBUTED_STRING_HEADER_MAPPING_UNSPECIFIED"},{"startIndex":1488,"length":30,"headerMapping":"ATTRIBUTED_STRING_HEADER_MAPPING_UNSPECIFIED"},{"startIndex":1518,"length":24,"headerMapping":"ATTRIBUTED_STRING_HEADER_MAPPING_UNSPECIFIED"},{"startIndex":1542,"length":119,"headerMapping":"ATTRIBUTED_STRING_HEADER_MAPPING_UNSPECIFIED"},{"startIndex":1661,"length":13,"headerMapping":"ATTRIBUTED_STRING_HEADER_MAPPING_UNSPECIFIED"},{"startIndex":1674,"length":946,"headerMapping":"ATTRIBUTED_STRING_HEADER_MAPPING_UNSPECIFIED"},{"startIndex":2620,"length":18,"headerMapping":"ATTRIBUTED_STRING_HEADER_MAPPING_UNSPECIFIED"},{"startIndex":2638,"length":12,"headerMapping":"ATTRIBUTED_STRING_HEADER_MAPPING_UNSPECIFIED"},{"startIndex":2650,"length":18,"headerMapping":"ATTRIBUTED_STRING_HEADER_MAPPING_UNSPECIFIED"},{"startIndex":2668,"length":18,"headerMapping":"ATTRIBUTED_STRING_HEADER_MAPPING_UNSPECIFIED"},{"startIndex":2686,"length":26,"headerMapping":"ATTRIBUTED_STRING_HEADER_MAPPING_UNSPECIFIED"},{"startIndex":2712,"length":13,"headerMapping":"ATTRIBUTED_STRING_HEADER_MAPPING_UNSPECIFIED"},{"startIndex":2725,"length":18,"headerMapping":"ATTRIBUTED_STRING_HEADER_MAPPING_UNSPECIFIED"},{"startIndex":2743,"length":13,"headerMapping":"ATTRIBUTED_STRING_HEADER_MAPPING_UNSPECIFIED"},{"startIndex":2756,"length":18,"headerMapping":"ATTRIBUTED_STRING_HEADER_MAPPING_UNSPECIFIED"},{"startIndex":2774,"length":11,"headerMapping":"ATTRIBUTED_STRING_HEADER_MAPPING_UNSPECIFIED"},{"startIndex":2785,"length":13,"headerMapping":"ATTRIBUTED_STRING_HEADER_MAPPING_UNSPECIFIED"},{"startIndex":2798,"length":10,"headerMapping":"ATTRIBUTED_STRING_HEADER_MAPPING_UNSPECIFIED"},{"startIndex":2808,"length":18,"headerMapping":"ATTRIBUTED_STRING_HEADER_MAPPING_UNSPECIFIED"},{"startIndex":2826,"length":2,"headerMapping":"ATTRIBUTED_STRING_HEADER_MAPPING_UNSPECIFIED"},{"startIndex":2828,"length":6,"headerMapping":"ATTRIBUTED_STRING_HEADER_MAPPING_UNSPECIFIED"},{"startIndex":2834,"length":1,"headerMapping":"ATTRIBUTED_STRING_HEADER_MAPPING_UNSPECIFIED"},{"startIndex":2835,"length":13,"headerMapping":"ATTRIBUTED_STRING_HEADER_MAPPING_UNSPECIFIED"},{"startIndex":2848,"length":1,"headerMapping":"ATTRIBUTED_STRING_HEADER_MAPPING_UNSPECIFIED"},{"startIndex":2849,"length":13,"headerMapping":"ATTRIBUTED_STRING_HEADER_MAPPING_UNSPECIFIED"},{"startIndex":2862,"length":61,"headerMapping":"ATTRIBUTED_STRING_HEADER_MAPPING_UNSPECIFIED"},{"startIndex":2923,"length":52,"headerMapping":"ATTRIBUTED_STRING_HEADER_MAPPING_UNSPECIFIED"}]}},{"compositeVideoPrimaryInfoRenderer":{}},{"itemSectionRenderer":{"contents":[{"videoMetadataCarouselViewModel":{"carouselTitles":[{"carouselTitleViewModel":{"title":"Live chat replay","previousButton":{"buttonViewModel":{"iconName":"CHEVRON_LEFT","accessibilityText":"Previous","style":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STYLE_MONO","trackingParams":"CJwDEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","type":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_TYPE_TONAL","buttonSize":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_SIZE_XSMALL","state":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STATE_ACTIVE"}},"nextButton":{"buttonViewModel":{"iconName":"CHEVRON_RIGHT","accessibilityText":"Next","style":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STYLE_MONO","trackingParams":"CJsDEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","type":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_TYPE_TONAL","buttonSize":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_SIZE_XSMALL","state":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STATE_ACTIVE"}}}}],"carouselItems":[{"carouselItemViewModel":{"itemType":"VIDEO_METADATA_CAROUSEL_PAGINATION_TYPE_LIVE_CHAT_STATIC_TEXT","carouselItem":{"textCarouselItemViewModel":{"iconName":"MESSAGE_BUBBLE_OVERLAP","text":{"content":"See what others said about this video while it was live."},"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CJkDEOuICSITCNqZzNqAjpQDFR5LOAUd_MYsWMoBBNkXUCE=","setLiveChatCollapsedStateAction":{}}},"trackingParams":"CJkDEOuICSITCNqZzNqAjpQDFR5LOAUd_MYsWA==","button":{"buttonViewModel":{"title":"Open panel","onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CJoDEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","setLiveChatCollapsedStateAction":{}}},"style":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STYLE_MONO","trackingParams":"CJoDEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","type":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_TYPE_TONAL","buttonSize":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_SIZE_XSMALL"}}}}}}]}}],"trackingParams":"CJgDELsvGAMiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFg="}},{"itemSectionRenderer":{"contents":[{"continuationItemRenderer":{"trigger":"CONTINUATION_TRIGGER_ON_ITEM_SHOWN","continuationEndpoint":{"clickTrackingParams":"CJcDELsvGAQiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFjKAQTZF1Ah","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/next"}},"continuationCommand":{"token":"Eg0SC3ppZWtBUkJvNHlnGAYyJSIRIgt6aWVrQVJCbzR5ZzAAeAJCEGNvbW1lbnRzLXNlY3Rpb24%3D","request":"CONTINUATION_REQUEST_TYPE_WATCH_NEXT"}}}}],"trackingParams":"CJcDELsvGAQiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFg=","sectionIdentifier":"comment-item-section","targetId":"comments-section"}}],"trackingParams":"CJYDELovIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY"}},"secondaryResults":{"secondaryResults":{"results":[{"itemSectionRenderer":{"contents":[{"lockupViewModel":{"contentImage":{"thumbnailViewModel":{"image":{"sources":[{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/K-ouk9BqlO4/hqdefault.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEbCKgBEF5IVfKriqkDDggBFQAAiEIYAXABwAEG\u0026rs=AOn4CLAfEyGVQIaVV00UuM8ih62cd2loWw","width":168,"height":94},{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/K-ouk9BqlO4/hqdefault.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEcCNACELwBSFXyq4qpAw4IARUAAIhCGAFwAcABBg==\u0026rs=AOn4CLDJ4r--Sqn5zULxXFXOkMmGugGYDA","width":336,"height":188}]},"overlays":[{"thumbnailBottomOverlayViewModel":{"badges":[{"thumbnailBadgeViewModel":{"text":"27:01","badgeStyle":"THUMBNAIL_OVERLAY_BADGE_STYLE_DEFAULT","animationActivationTargetId":"K-ouk9BqlO4","animationActivationEntityKey":"Eh8veW91dHViZS9hcHAvd2F0Y2gvcGxheWVyX3N0YXRlIMMCKAE%3D","lottieData":{"url":"https://www.gstatic.com/youtube/img/lottie/audio_indicator/audio_indicator_v2.json","settings":{"loop":true,"autoplay":true}},"animatedText":"Now playing","animationActivationEntitySelectorType":"THUMBNAIL_BADGE_ANIMATION_ENTITY_SELECTOR_TYPE_PLAYER_STATE","rendererContext":{"accessibilityContext":{"label":"27 minutes, 1 second"}}}}]}},{"animatedThumbnailOverlayViewModel":{"thumbnail":{"sources":[{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/an_webp/K-ouk9BqlO4/mqdefault_6s.webp?du=3000\u0026sqp=CNyUvc8G\u0026rs=AOn4CLAUsVsxdwAb_t7vME9CECf_par91g","width":320,"height":180}]}}},{"thumbnailHoverOverlayToggleActionsViewModel":{"buttons":[{"toggleButtonViewModel":{"defaultButtonViewModel":{"buttonViewModel":{"iconName":"WATCH_LATER","onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CJUDEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/browse/edit_playlist"}},"playlistEditEndpoint":{"playlistId":"WL","actions":[{"addedVideoId":"K-ouk9BqlO4","action":"ACTION_ADD_VIDEO"}]}}},"accessibilityText":"Watch later","style":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STYLE_OVERLAY_DARK","trackingParams":"CJUDEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","type":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_TYPE_TONAL","buttonSize":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_SIZE_COMPACT","state":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STATE_ACTIVE"}},"toggledButtonViewModel":{"buttonViewModel":{"iconName":"CHECK","onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CJQDEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/browse/edit_playlist"}},"playlistEditEndpoint":{"playlistId":"WL","actions":[{"action":"ACTION_REMOVE_VIDEO_BY_VIDEO_ID","removedVideoId":"K-ouk9BqlO4"}]}}},"accessibilityText":"Added","style":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STYLE_OVERLAY_DARK","trackingParams":"CJQDEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","type":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_TYPE_TONAL","buttonSize":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_SIZE_COMPACT","state":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STATE_ACTIVE"}},"isToggled":false,"trackingParams":"CIwDENTEDBgAIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY"}},{"toggleButtonViewModel":{"defaultButtonViewModel":{"buttonViewModel":{"iconName":"ADD_TO_QUEUE_TAIL","onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CJMDEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true}},"signalServiceEndpoint":{"signal":"CLIENT_SIGNAL","actions":[{"clickTrackingParams":"CJMDEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","addToPlaylistCommand":{"openMiniplayer":false,"openListPanel":true,"videoId":"K-ouk9BqlO4","listType":"PLAYLIST_EDIT_LIST_TYPE_QUEUE","onCreateListCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CJMDEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/playlist/create"}},"createPlaylistServiceEndpoint":{"videoIds":["K-ouk9BqlO4"],"params":"CAQ%3D"}},"videoIds":["K-ouk9BqlO4"],"videoCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CJMDEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/watch?v=K-ouk9BqlO4","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_WATCH","rootVe":3832}},"watchEndpoint":{"videoId":"K-ouk9BqlO4","watchEndpointSupportedOnesieConfig":{"html5PlaybackOnesieConfig":{"commonConfig":{"url":"https://rr1---sn-fapo3ox25a-cq2l.googlevideo.com/initplayback?source=youtube\u0026oeis=1\u0026c=WEB\u0026oad=3200\u0026ovd=3200\u0026oaad=11000\u0026oavd=11000\u0026ocs=700\u0026oewis=1\u0026oputc=1\u0026ofpcc=1\u0026msp=1\u0026odepv=1\u0026id=2bea2e93d06a94ee\u0026ip=27.34.72.167\u0026initcwndbps=1372500\u0026mt=1777291542\u0026oweuc=\u0026pxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ\u0026rxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzMw%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNA%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNg"}}}}}}}]}}},"accessibilityText":"Add to queue","style":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STYLE_OVERLAY_DARK","trackingParams":"CJMDEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","type":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_TYPE_TONAL","buttonSize":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_SIZE_COMPACT","state":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STATE_ACTIVE"}},"toggledButtonViewModel":{"buttonViewModel":{"iconName":"CHECK","accessibilityText":"Added","style":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STYLE_OVERLAY_DARK","trackingParams":"CJIDEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","type":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_TYPE_TONAL","buttonSize":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_SIZE_COMPACT","state":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STATE_ACTIVE"}},"isToggled":false,"trackingParams":"CIwDENTEDBgAIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY"}}]}}]}},"metadata":{"lockupMetadataViewModel":{"title":{"content":"Create a Social Campaign in Adobe Express | Adobe Express"},"image":{"decoratedAvatarViewModel":{"avatar":{"avatarViewModel":{"image":{"sources":[{"url":"https://yt3.ggpht.com/ZI4hVRpX-vBmx-oz64uYJ-tp9B-PUDUXCLRPN443zabb3DjkARqSGZJzGY57rCizSWxzVcWeJg=s68-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj","width":68,"height":68}]},"avatarImageSize":"AVATAR_SIZE_M"}},"a11yLabel":"Go to channel Adobe Express","rendererContext":{"commandContext":{"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CIwDENTEDBgAIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/@AdobeExpress","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_CHANNEL","rootVe":3611,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/browse"}},"browseEndpoint":{"browseId":"UCn5CtwAo7oeHULdlVl-HMKw","canonicalBaseUrl":"/@AdobeExpress"}}}}}}},"metadata":{"contentMetadataViewModel":{"metadataRows":[{"metadataParts":[{"text":{"content":"Adobe Express","styleRuns":[{"startIndex":13,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4289374890},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4284506208}]}}}],"attachmentRuns":[{"startIndex":13,"length":0,"element":{"type":{"imageType":{"image":{"sources":[{"clientResource":{"imageName":"CHECK_CIRCLE_FILLED"},"width":14,"height":14}]}}},"properties":{"layoutProperties":{"height":{"value":14,"unit":"DIMENSION_UNIT_POINT"},"width":{"value":14,"unit":"DIMENSION_UNIT_POINT"},"margin":{"left":{"value":4,"unit":"DIMENSION_UNIT_POINT"}}}}},"alignment":"ALIGNMENT_VERTICAL_CENTER"}]}}]},{"metadataParts":[{"text":{"content":"8.1K views"}},{"text":{"content":"Streamed 3 years ago"}}]}],"delimiter":" • "}},"menuButton":{"buttonViewModel":{"iconName":"MORE_VERT","onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CI0DEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","showSheetCommand":{"panelLoadingStrategy":{"inlineContent":{"sheetViewModel":{"content":{"listViewModel":{"listItems":[{"listItemViewModel":{"title":{"content":"Add to queue"},"leadingImage":{"sources":[{"clientResource":{"imageName":"ADD_TO_QUEUE_TAIL"}}]},"rendererContext":{"loggingContext":{"loggingDirectives":{"trackingParams":"CJEDEP6YBBgAIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","visibility":{"types":"12"}}},"commandContext":{"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CJEDEP6YBBgAIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true}},"signalServiceEndpoint":{"signal":"CLIENT_SIGNAL","actions":[{"clickTrackingParams":"CJEDEP6YBBgAIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","addToPlaylistCommand":{"openMiniplayer":true,"videoId":"K-ouk9BqlO4","listType":"PLAYLIST_EDIT_LIST_TYPE_QUEUE","onCreateListCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CJEDEP6YBBgAIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/playlist/create"}},"createPlaylistServiceEndpoint":{"videoIds":["K-ouk9BqlO4"],"params":"CAQ%3D"}},"videoIds":["K-ouk9BqlO4"],"videoCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CJEDEP6YBBgAIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/watch?v=K-ouk9BqlO4","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_WATCH","rootVe":3832}},"watchEndpoint":{"videoId":"K-ouk9BqlO4","watchEndpointSupportedOnesieConfig":{"html5PlaybackOnesieConfig":{"commonConfig":{"url":"https://rr1---sn-fapo3ox25a-cq2l.googlevideo.com/initplayback?source=youtube\u0026oeis=1\u0026c=WEB\u0026oad=3200\u0026ovd=3200\u0026oaad=11000\u0026oavd=11000\u0026ocs=700\u0026oewis=1\u0026oputc=1\u0026ofpcc=1\u0026msp=1\u0026odepv=1\u0026id=2bea2e93d06a94ee\u0026ip=27.34.72.167\u0026initcwndbps=1372500\u0026mt=1777291542\u0026oweuc=\u0026pxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ\u0026rxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzMw%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNA%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNg"}}}}}}}]}}}}}}},{"listItemViewModel":{"title":{"content":"Save to playlist"},"leadingImage":{"sources":[{"clientResource":{"imageName":"BOOKMARK_BORDER"}}]},"rendererContext":{"loggingContext":{"loggingDirectives":{"trackingParams":"CJADEJSsCRgBIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","visibility":{"types":"12"}}},"commandContext":{"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CJADEJSsCRgBIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"https://accounts.google.com/ServiceLogin?service=youtube\u0026uilel=3\u0026passive=true\u0026continue=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.youtube.com%2Fsignin%3Faction_handle_signin%3Dtrue%26app%3Ddesktop%26hl%3Den\u0026hl=en","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_UNKNOWN","rootVe":83769}},"signInEndpoint":{"nextEndpoint":{"clickTrackingParams":"CJADEJSsCRgBIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","showSheetCommand":{"panelLoadingStrategy":{"requestTemplate":{"panelId":"PAadd_to_playlist","params":"-gYNCgtLLW91azlCcWxPNA%3D%3D"}}}}}}}}}}},{"downloadListItemViewModel":{"rendererContext":{"loggingContext":{"loggingDirectives":{"trackingParams":"CI8DENGqBRgCIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","visibility":{"types":"12"}}},"commandContext":{"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CI8DENGqBRgCIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","offlineVideoEndpoint":{"videoId":"K-ouk9BqlO4","onAddCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CI8DENGqBRgCIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","getDownloadActionCommand":{"videoId":"K-ouk9BqlO4","params":"CAIQAA%3D%3D","isCrossDeviceDownload":false}}}}}}}}},{"listItemViewModel":{"title":{"content":"Share"},"leadingImage":{"sources":[{"clientResource":{"imageName":"SHARE"}}]},"rendererContext":{"commandContext":{"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CI0DEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/share/get_share_panel"}},"shareEntityServiceEndpoint":{"serializedShareEntity":"CgtLLW91azlCcWxPNA%3D%3D","commands":[{"clickTrackingParams":"CI0DEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","openPopupAction":{"popup":{"unifiedSharePanelRenderer":{"trackingParams":"CI4DEI5iIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","showLoadingSpinner":true}},"popupType":"DIALOG","beReused":true}}]}}}}}}}]}}}}}}}},"accessibilityText":"More actions","style":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STYLE_MONO","trackingParams":"CI0DEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","type":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_TYPE_TEXT","buttonSize":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_SIZE_DEFAULT","state":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STATE_ACTIVE"}}}},"contentId":"K-ouk9BqlO4","contentType":"LOCKUP_CONTENT_TYPE_VIDEO","rendererContext":{"loggingContext":{"loggingDirectives":{"trackingParams":"CIwDENTEDBgAIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","visibility":{"types":"12"}}},"accessibilityContext":{"label":"Create a Social Campaign in Adobe Express | Adobe Express 27 minutes"},"commandContext":{"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CIwDENTEDBgAIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYMgdyZWxhdGVkSKjGo4ORgOmTzgGaAQUIARD4HcoBBNkXUCE=","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/watch?v=K-ouk9BqlO4","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_WATCH","rootVe":3832}},"watchEndpoint":{"videoId":"K-ouk9BqlO4","nofollow":true,"watchEndpointSupportedOnesieConfig":{"html5PlaybackOnesieConfig":{"commonConfig":{"url":"https://rr1---sn-fapo3ox25a-cq2l.googlevideo.com/initplayback?source=youtube\u0026oeis=1\u0026c=WEB\u0026oad=3200\u0026ovd=3200\u0026oaad=11000\u0026oavd=11000\u0026ocs=700\u0026oewis=1\u0026oputc=1\u0026ofpcc=1\u0026msp=1\u0026odepv=1\u0026id=2bea2e93d06a94ee\u0026ip=27.34.72.167\u0026initcwndbps=1372500\u0026mt=1777291542\u0026oweuc=\u0026pxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ\u0026rxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzMw%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNA%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNg"}}}}}}}}}},{"lockupViewModel":{"contentImage":{"thumbnailViewModel":{"image":{"sources":[{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/WQxyZPwXwO4/hqdefault.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEbCKgBEF5IVfKriqkDDggBFQAAiEIYAXABwAEG\u0026rs=AOn4CLCjuTJBWxeWKIWTqWYE40PAXVp4_A","width":168,"height":94},{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/WQxyZPwXwO4/hqdefault.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEcCNACELwBSFXyq4qpAw4IARUAAIhCGAFwAcABBg==\u0026rs=AOn4CLCXwrhyDpG3w0l2n521eHtQR21WuQ","width":336,"height":188}]},"overlays":[{"thumbnailBottomOverlayViewModel":{"badges":[{"thumbnailBadgeViewModel":{"icon":{"sources":[{"clientResource":{"imageName":"MUSIC"}}]},"text":"4:46","badgeStyle":"THUMBNAIL_OVERLAY_BADGE_STYLE_DEFAULT","animationActivationTargetId":"WQxyZPwXwO4","animationActivationEntityKey":"Eh8veW91dHViZS9hcHAvd2F0Y2gvcGxheWVyX3N0YXRlIMMCKAE%3D","lottieData":{"url":"https://www.gstatic.com/youtube/img/lottie/audio_indicator/audio_indicator_v2.json","settings":{"loop":true,"autoplay":true}},"animatedText":"Now playing","animationActivationEntitySelectorType":"THUMBNAIL_BADGE_ANIMATION_ENTITY_SELECTOR_TYPE_PLAYER_STATE","inlinePlaybackBadgeData":{"replicateAsTimestamp":true},"rendererContext":{"accessibilityContext":{"label":"4 minutes, 46 seconds"}}}}]}},{"thumbnailHoverOverlayToggleActionsViewModel":{"buttons":[{"toggleButtonViewModel":{"defaultButtonViewModel":{"buttonViewModel":{"iconName":"WATCH_LATER","onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CIsDEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/browse/edit_playlist"}},"playlistEditEndpoint":{"playlistId":"WL","actions":[{"addedVideoId":"WQxyZPwXwO4","action":"ACTION_ADD_VIDEO"}]}}},"accessibilityText":"Watch later","style":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STYLE_OVERLAY_DARK","trackingParams":"CIsDEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","type":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_TYPE_TONAL","buttonSize":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_SIZE_COMPACT","state":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STATE_ACTIVE"}},"toggledButtonViewModel":{"buttonViewModel":{"iconName":"CHECK","onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CIoDEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/browse/edit_playlist"}},"playlistEditEndpoint":{"playlistId":"WL","actions":[{"action":"ACTION_REMOVE_VIDEO_BY_VIDEO_ID","removedVideoId":"WQxyZPwXwO4"}]}}},"accessibilityText":"Added","style":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STYLE_OVERLAY_DARK","trackingParams":"CIoDEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","type":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_TYPE_TONAL","buttonSize":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_SIZE_COMPACT","state":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STATE_ACTIVE"}},"isToggled":false,"trackingParams":"CIIDENTEDBgBIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY"}},{"toggleButtonViewModel":{"defaultButtonViewModel":{"buttonViewModel":{"iconName":"ADD_TO_QUEUE_TAIL","onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CIkDEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true}},"signalServiceEndpoint":{"signal":"CLIENT_SIGNAL","actions":[{"clickTrackingParams":"CIkDEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","addToPlaylistCommand":{"openMiniplayer":false,"openListPanel":true,"videoId":"WQxyZPwXwO4","listType":"PLAYLIST_EDIT_LIST_TYPE_QUEUE","onCreateListCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CIkDEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/playlist/create"}},"createPlaylistServiceEndpoint":{"videoIds":["WQxyZPwXwO4"],"params":"CAQ%3D"}},"videoIds":["WQxyZPwXwO4"],"videoCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CIkDEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/watch?v=WQxyZPwXwO4","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_WATCH","rootVe":3832}},"watchEndpoint":{"videoId":"WQxyZPwXwO4","watchEndpointSupportedOnesieConfig":{"html5PlaybackOnesieConfig":{"commonConfig":{"url":"https://rr3---sn-fapo3ox25a-cq2e.googlevideo.com/initplayback?source=youtube\u0026oeis=1\u0026c=WEB\u0026oad=3200\u0026ovd=3200\u0026oaad=11000\u0026oavd=11000\u0026ocs=700\u0026oewis=1\u0026oputc=1\u0026ofpcc=1\u0026msp=1\u0026odepv=1\u0026id=590c7264fc17c0ee\u0026ip=27.34.72.167\u0026initcwndbps=1480000\u0026mt=1777291542\u0026oweuc=\u0026pxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ\u0026rxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzMw%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNA%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNg"}}}}}}}]}}},"accessibilityText":"Add to queue","style":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STYLE_OVERLAY_DARK","trackingParams":"CIkDEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","type":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_TYPE_TONAL","buttonSize":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_SIZE_COMPACT","state":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STATE_ACTIVE"}},"toggledButtonViewModel":{"buttonViewModel":{"iconName":"CHECK","accessibilityText":"Added","style":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STYLE_OVERLAY_DARK","trackingParams":"CIgDEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","type":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_TYPE_TONAL","buttonSize":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_SIZE_COMPACT","state":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STATE_ACTIVE"}},"isToggled":false,"trackingParams":"CIIDENTEDBgBIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY"}}]}}]}},"metadata":{"lockupMetadataViewModel":{"title":{"content":"Himali Bhegma (हिमाली भेगमा) -Trishna Gurung || Official Video"},"image":{"decoratedAvatarViewModel":{"avatar":{"avatarViewModel":{"image":{"sources":[{"url":"https://yt3.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_kVYjTfmLjxhGDTGFXDTVTl0FvGfJSzah8ciNhCWMLPOuI=s68-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj","width":68,"height":68}]},"avatarImageSize":"AVATAR_SIZE_M"}},"a11yLabel":"Go to channel Trishna Gurung","rendererContext":{"commandContext":{"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CIIDENTEDBgBIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/@TrishnaGurungofficial","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_CHANNEL","rootVe":3611,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/browse"}},"browseEndpoint":{"browseId":"UCPlgeIislxV5OCxNJ8LAfUA","canonicalBaseUrl":"/@TrishnaGurungofficial"}}}}}}},"metadata":{"contentMetadataViewModel":{"metadataRows":[{"metadataParts":[{"text":{"content":"Trishna Gurung","styleRuns":[{"startIndex":14,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4289374890},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4284506208}]}}}],"attachmentRuns":[{"startIndex":14,"length":0,"element":{"type":{"imageType":{"image":{"sources":[{"clientResource":{"imageName":"CHECK_CIRCLE_FILLED"},"width":14,"height":14}]}}},"properties":{"layoutProperties":{"height":{"value":14,"unit":"DIMENSION_UNIT_POINT"},"width":{"value":14,"unit":"DIMENSION_UNIT_POINT"},"margin":{"left":{"value":4,"unit":"DIMENSION_UNIT_POINT"}}}}},"alignment":"ALIGNMENT_VERTICAL_CENTER"}]}}]},{"metadataParts":[{"text":{"content":"231K views"}},{"text":{"content":"2 days ago"}}]},{"badges":[{"badgeViewModel":{"badgeText":"New","badgeStyle":"BADGE_DEFAULT","trackingParams":"CIIDENTEDBgBIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY"}}]}],"delimiter":" • "}},"menuButton":{"buttonViewModel":{"iconName":"MORE_VERT","onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CIMDEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","showSheetCommand":{"panelLoadingStrategy":{"inlineContent":{"sheetViewModel":{"content":{"listViewModel":{"listItems":[{"listItemViewModel":{"title":{"content":"Add to queue"},"leadingImage":{"sources":[{"clientResource":{"imageName":"ADD_TO_QUEUE_TAIL"}}]},"rendererContext":{"loggingContext":{"loggingDirectives":{"trackingParams":"CIcDEP6YBBgAIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","visibility":{"types":"12"}}},"commandContext":{"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CIcDEP6YBBgAIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true}},"signalServiceEndpoint":{"signal":"CLIENT_SIGNAL","actions":[{"clickTrackingParams":"CIcDEP6YBBgAIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","addToPlaylistCommand":{"openMiniplayer":true,"videoId":"WQxyZPwXwO4","listType":"PLAYLIST_EDIT_LIST_TYPE_QUEUE","onCreateListCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CIcDEP6YBBgAIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/playlist/create"}},"createPlaylistServiceEndpoint":{"videoIds":["WQxyZPwXwO4"],"params":"CAQ%3D"}},"videoIds":["WQxyZPwXwO4"],"videoCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CIcDEP6YBBgAIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/watch?v=WQxyZPwXwO4\u0026pp=0gcJCV8Fdf6zKzOD","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_WATCH","rootVe":3832}},"watchEndpoint":{"videoId":"WQxyZPwXwO4","playerParams":"0gcJCV8Fdf6zKzOD","watchEndpointSupportedOnesieConfig":{"html5PlaybackOnesieConfig":{"commonConfig":{"url":"https://rr3---sn-fapo3ox25a-cq2e.googlevideo.com/initplayback?source=youtube\u0026oeis=1\u0026c=WEB\u0026oad=3200\u0026ovd=3200\u0026oaad=11000\u0026oavd=11000\u0026ocs=700\u0026oewis=1\u0026oputc=1\u0026ofpcc=1\u0026msp=1\u0026odepv=1\u0026id=590c7264fc17c0ee\u0026ip=27.34.72.167\u0026initcwndbps=1480000\u0026mt=1777291542\u0026oweuc=\u0026pxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ\u0026rxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzMw%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNA%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNg"}}}}}}}]}}}}}}},{"listItemViewModel":{"title":{"content":"Save to playlist"},"leadingImage":{"sources":[{"clientResource":{"imageName":"BOOKMARK_BORDER"}}]},"rendererContext":{"loggingContext":{"loggingDirectives":{"trackingParams":"CIYDEJSsCRgBIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","visibility":{"types":"12"}}},"commandContext":{"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CIYDEJSsCRgBIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"https://accounts.google.com/ServiceLogin?service=youtube\u0026uilel=3\u0026passive=true\u0026continue=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.youtube.com%2Fsignin%3Faction_handle_signin%3Dtrue%26app%3Ddesktop%26hl%3Den\u0026hl=en","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_UNKNOWN","rootVe":83769}},"signInEndpoint":{"nextEndpoint":{"clickTrackingParams":"CIYDEJSsCRgBIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","showSheetCommand":{"panelLoadingStrategy":{"requestTemplate":{"panelId":"PAadd_to_playlist","params":"-gYNCgtXUXh5WlB3WHdPNA%3D%3D"}}}}}}}}}}},{"downloadListItemViewModel":{"rendererContext":{"loggingContext":{"loggingDirectives":{"trackingParams":"CIUDENGqBRgCIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","visibility":{"types":"12"}}},"commandContext":{"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CIUDENGqBRgCIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","offlineVideoEndpoint":{"videoId":"WQxyZPwXwO4","onAddCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CIUDENGqBRgCIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","getDownloadActionCommand":{"videoId":"WQxyZPwXwO4","params":"CAIQAA%3D%3D","isCrossDeviceDownload":false}}}}}}}}},{"listItemViewModel":{"title":{"content":"Share"},"leadingImage":{"sources":[{"clientResource":{"imageName":"SHARE"}}]},"rendererContext":{"commandContext":{"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CIMDEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/share/get_share_panel"}},"shareEntityServiceEndpoint":{"serializedShareEntity":"CgtXUXh5WlB3WHdPNA%3D%3D","commands":[{"clickTrackingParams":"CIMDEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","openPopupAction":{"popup":{"unifiedSharePanelRenderer":{"trackingParams":"CIQDEI5iIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","showLoadingSpinner":true}},"popupType":"DIALOG","beReused":true}}]}}}}}}}]}}}}}}}},"accessibilityText":"More actions","style":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STYLE_MONO","trackingParams":"CIMDEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","type":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_TYPE_TEXT","buttonSize":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_SIZE_DEFAULT","state":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STATE_ACTIVE"}}}},"contentId":"WQxyZPwXwO4","contentType":"LOCKUP_CONTENT_TYPE_VIDEO","rendererContext":{"loggingContext":{"loggingDirectives":{"trackingParams":"CIIDENTEDBgBIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","visibility":{"types":"12"}}},"accessibilityContext":{"label":"Himali Bhegma (हिमाली भेगमा) -Trishna Gurung || Official Video 4 minutes, 46 seconds"},"commandContext":{"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CIIDENTEDBgBIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYMgdyZWxhdGVkSKjGo4ORgOmTzgGaAQUIARD4HcoBBNkXUCE=","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/watch?v=WQxyZPwXwO4\u0026list=RDWQxyZPwXwO4\u0026start_radio=1\u0026pp=oAcB","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_WATCH","rootVe":3832}},"watchEndpoint":{"videoId":"WQxyZPwXwO4","playlistId":"RDWQxyZPwXwO4","params":"OAHAAQG4BQE%3D","playerParams":"oAcB","nofollow":true,"loggingContext":{"vssLoggingContext":{"serializedContextData":"Gg1SRFdReHlaUHdYd080"}},"watchEndpointSupportedOnesieConfig":{"html5PlaybackOnesieConfig":{"commonConfig":{"url":"https://rr3---sn-fapo3ox25a-cq2e.googlevideo.com/initplayback?source=youtube\u0026oeis=1\u0026c=WEB\u0026oad=3200\u0026ovd=3200\u0026oaad=11000\u0026oavd=11000\u0026ocs=700\u0026oewis=1\u0026oputc=1\u0026ofpcc=1\u0026msp=1\u0026odepv=1\u0026id=590c7264fc17c0ee\u0026ip=27.34.72.167\u0026initcwndbps=1480000\u0026mt=1777291542\u0026oweuc=\u0026pxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ\u0026rxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzMw%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNA%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNg"}}}}}}}}}},{"lockupViewModel":{"contentImage":{"thumbnailViewModel":{"image":{"sources":[{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/Vo6QTBMdUfU/hqdefault.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEbCKgBEF5IVfKriqkDDggBFQAAiEIYAXABwAEG\u0026rs=AOn4CLD9rAKFS3iBVEkBDFTbiqCl_AtI1w","width":168,"height":94},{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/Vo6QTBMdUfU/hqdefault.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEcCNACELwBSFXyq4qpAw4IARUAAIhCGAFwAcABBg==\u0026rs=AOn4CLB01EjdHR8qI1n0Fad9453GKpHFmQ","width":336,"height":188}]},"overlays":[{"thumbnailBottomOverlayViewModel":{"badges":[{"thumbnailBadgeViewModel":{"text":"19:46","badgeStyle":"THUMBNAIL_OVERLAY_BADGE_STYLE_DEFAULT","animationActivationTargetId":"Vo6QTBMdUfU","animationActivationEntityKey":"Eh8veW91dHViZS9hcHAvd2F0Y2gvcGxheWVyX3N0YXRlIMMCKAE%3D","lottieData":{"url":"https://www.gstatic.com/youtube/img/lottie/audio_indicator/audio_indicator_v2.json","settings":{"loop":true,"autoplay":true}},"animatedText":"Now playing","animationActivationEntitySelectorType":"THUMBNAIL_BADGE_ANIMATION_ENTITY_SELECTOR_TYPE_PLAYER_STATE","rendererContext":{"accessibilityContext":{"label":"19 minutes, 46 seconds"}}}}]}},{"animatedThumbnailOverlayViewModel":{"thumbnail":{"sources":[{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/an_webp/Vo6QTBMdUfU/mqdefault_6s.webp?du=3000\u0026sqp=CKntvM8G\u0026rs=AOn4CLDsGASAyslRRl8cJalTYdXRIZGV4A","width":320,"height":180}]}}},{"thumbnailHoverOverlayToggleActionsViewModel":{"buttons":[{"toggleButtonViewModel":{"defaultButtonViewModel":{"buttonViewModel":{"iconName":"WATCH_LATER","onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CIEDEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/browse/edit_playlist"}},"playlistEditEndpoint":{"playlistId":"WL","actions":[{"addedVideoId":"Vo6QTBMdUfU","action":"ACTION_ADD_VIDEO"}]}}},"accessibilityText":"Watch later","style":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STYLE_OVERLAY_DARK","trackingParams":"CIEDEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","type":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_TYPE_TONAL","buttonSize":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_SIZE_COMPACT","state":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STATE_ACTIVE"}},"toggledButtonViewModel":{"buttonViewModel":{"iconName":"CHECK","onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CIADEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/browse/edit_playlist"}},"playlistEditEndpoint":{"playlistId":"WL","actions":[{"action":"ACTION_REMOVE_VIDEO_BY_VIDEO_ID","removedVideoId":"Vo6QTBMdUfU"}]}}},"accessibilityText":"Added","style":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STYLE_OVERLAY_DARK","trackingParams":"CIADEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","type":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_TYPE_TONAL","buttonSize":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_SIZE_COMPACT","state":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STATE_ACTIVE"}},"isToggled":false,"trackingParams":"CPgCENTEDBgCIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY"}},{"toggleButtonViewModel":{"defaultButtonViewModel":{"buttonViewModel":{"iconName":"ADD_TO_QUEUE_TAIL","onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CP8CEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true}},"signalServiceEndpoint":{"signal":"CLIENT_SIGNAL","actions":[{"clickTrackingParams":"CP8CEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","addToPlaylistCommand":{"openMiniplayer":false,"openListPanel":true,"videoId":"Vo6QTBMdUfU","listType":"PLAYLIST_EDIT_LIST_TYPE_QUEUE","onCreateListCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CP8CEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/playlist/create"}},"createPlaylistServiceEndpoint":{"videoIds":["Vo6QTBMdUfU"],"params":"CAQ%3D"}},"videoIds":["Vo6QTBMdUfU"],"videoCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CP8CEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/watch?v=Vo6QTBMdUfU\u0026pp=ugUEEgJlbg%3D%3D","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_WATCH","rootVe":3832}},"watchEndpoint":{"videoId":"Vo6QTBMdUfU","playerParams":"ugUEEgJlbg%3D%3D","ustreamerConfig":"KgYKBBICZW4=","watchEndpointSupportedOnesieConfig":{"html5PlaybackOnesieConfig":{"commonConfig":{"url":"https://rr7---sn-fapo3ox25a-cq2e.googlevideo.com/initplayback?source=youtube\u0026oeis=1\u0026c=WEB\u0026oad=3200\u0026ovd=3200\u0026oaad=11000\u0026oavd=11000\u0026ocs=700\u0026oewis=1\u0026oputc=1\u0026ofpcc=1\u0026msp=1\u0026odepv=1\u0026id=568e904c131d51f5\u0026ip=27.34.72.167\u0026initcwndbps=1480000\u0026mt=1777291542\u0026oweuc=\u0026pxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ\u0026rxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzMw%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNA%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNg"}}}}}}}]}}},"accessibilityText":"Add to queue","style":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STYLE_OVERLAY_DARK","trackingParams":"CP8CEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","type":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_TYPE_TONAL","buttonSize":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_SIZE_COMPACT","state":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STATE_ACTIVE"}},"toggledButtonViewModel":{"buttonViewModel":{"iconName":"CHECK","accessibilityText":"Added","style":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STYLE_OVERLAY_DARK","trackingParams":"CP4CEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","type":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_TYPE_TONAL","buttonSize":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_SIZE_COMPACT","state":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STATE_ACTIVE"}},"isToggled":false,"trackingParams":"CPgCENTEDBgCIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY"}}]}}]}},"metadata":{"lockupMetadataViewModel":{"title":{"content":"1 Day vs 50,000 Day Build Challenge"},"image":{"decoratedAvatarViewModel":{"avatar":{"avatarViewModel":{"image":{"sources":[{"url":"https://yt3.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_lMiSL6eHqg2dVxvll6mVMeXo1qVak4TZ4_7mEWdobRRCk=s68-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj","width":68,"height":68}]},"avatarImageSize":"AVATAR_SIZE_M"}},"a11yLabel":"Go to channel MrBeast Gaming","rendererContext":{"commandContext":{"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CPgCENTEDBgCIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/@MrBeastGaming","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_CHANNEL","rootVe":3611,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/browse"}},"browseEndpoint":{"browseId":"UCIPPMRA040LQr5QPyJEbmXA","canonicalBaseUrl":"/@MrBeastGaming"}}}}}}},"metadata":{"contentMetadataViewModel":{"metadataRows":[{"metadataParts":[{"text":{"content":"MrBeast Gaming","styleRuns":[{"startIndex":14,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4289374890},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4284506208}]}}}],"attachmentRuns":[{"startIndex":14,"length":0,"element":{"type":{"imageType":{"image":{"sources":[{"clientResource":{"imageName":"CHECK_CIRCLE_FILLED"},"width":14,"height":14}]}}},"properties":{"layoutProperties":{"height":{"value":14,"unit":"DIMENSION_UNIT_POINT"},"width":{"value":14,"unit":"DIMENSION_UNIT_POINT"},"margin":{"left":{"value":4,"unit":"DIMENSION_UNIT_POINT"}}}}},"alignment":"ALIGNMENT_VERTICAL_CENTER"}]}}]},{"metadataParts":[{"text":{"content":"15M views"}},{"text":{"content":"1 day ago"}}]},{"badges":[{"badgeViewModel":{"badgeText":"New","badgeStyle":"BADGE_DEFAULT","trackingParams":"CPgCENTEDBgCIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY"}}]}],"delimiter":" • "}},"menuButton":{"buttonViewModel":{"iconName":"MORE_VERT","onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CPkCEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","showSheetCommand":{"panelLoadingStrategy":{"inlineContent":{"sheetViewModel":{"content":{"listViewModel":{"listItems":[{"listItemViewModel":{"title":{"content":"Add to queue"},"leadingImage":{"sources":[{"clientResource":{"imageName":"ADD_TO_QUEUE_TAIL"}}]},"rendererContext":{"loggingContext":{"loggingDirectives":{"trackingParams":"CP0CEP6YBBgAIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","visibility":{"types":"12"}}},"commandContext":{"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CP0CEP6YBBgAIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true}},"signalServiceEndpoint":{"signal":"CLIENT_SIGNAL","actions":[{"clickTrackingParams":"CP0CEP6YBBgAIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","addToPlaylistCommand":{"openMiniplayer":true,"videoId":"Vo6QTBMdUfU","listType":"PLAYLIST_EDIT_LIST_TYPE_QUEUE","onCreateListCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CP0CEP6YBBgAIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/playlist/create"}},"createPlaylistServiceEndpoint":{"videoIds":["Vo6QTBMdUfU"],"params":"CAQ%3D"}},"videoIds":["Vo6QTBMdUfU"],"videoCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CP0CEP6YBBgAIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/watch?v=Vo6QTBMdUfU\u0026pp=ugUEEgJlbg%3D%3D","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_WATCH","rootVe":3832}},"watchEndpoint":{"videoId":"Vo6QTBMdUfU","playerParams":"ugUEEgJlbg%3D%3D","watchEndpointSupportedOnesieConfig":{"html5PlaybackOnesieConfig":{"commonConfig":{"url":"https://rr7---sn-fapo3ox25a-cq2e.googlevideo.com/initplayback?source=youtube\u0026oeis=1\u0026c=WEB\u0026oad=3200\u0026ovd=3200\u0026oaad=11000\u0026oavd=11000\u0026ocs=700\u0026oewis=1\u0026oputc=1\u0026ofpcc=1\u0026msp=1\u0026odepv=1\u0026id=568e904c131d51f5\u0026ip=27.34.72.167\u0026initcwndbps=1480000\u0026mt=1777291542\u0026oweuc=\u0026pxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ\u0026rxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzMw%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNA%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNg"}}}}}}}]}}}}}}},{"listItemViewModel":{"title":{"content":"Save to playlist"},"leadingImage":{"sources":[{"clientResource":{"imageName":"BOOKMARK_BORDER"}}]},"rendererContext":{"loggingContext":{"loggingDirectives":{"trackingParams":"CPwCEJSsCRgBIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","visibility":{"types":"12"}}},"commandContext":{"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CPwCEJSsCRgBIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"https://accounts.google.com/ServiceLogin?service=youtube\u0026uilel=3\u0026passive=true\u0026continue=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.youtube.com%2Fsignin%3Faction_handle_signin%3Dtrue%26app%3Ddesktop%26hl%3Den\u0026hl=en","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_UNKNOWN","rootVe":83769}},"signInEndpoint":{"nextEndpoint":{"clickTrackingParams":"CPwCEJSsCRgBIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","showSheetCommand":{"panelLoadingStrategy":{"requestTemplate":{"panelId":"PAadd_to_playlist","params":"-gYNCgtWbzZRVEJNZFVmVQ%3D%3D"}}}}}}}}}}},{"downloadListItemViewModel":{"rendererContext":{"loggingContext":{"loggingDirectives":{"trackingParams":"CPsCENGqBRgCIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","visibility":{"types":"12"}}},"commandContext":{"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CPsCENGqBRgCIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","offlineVideoEndpoint":{"videoId":"Vo6QTBMdUfU","onAddCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CPsCENGqBRgCIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","getDownloadActionCommand":{"videoId":"Vo6QTBMdUfU","params":"CAIQAA%3D%3D","isCrossDeviceDownload":false}}}}}}}}},{"listItemViewModel":{"title":{"content":"Share"},"leadingImage":{"sources":[{"clientResource":{"imageName":"SHARE"}}]},"rendererContext":{"commandContext":{"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CPkCEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/share/get_share_panel"}},"shareEntityServiceEndpoint":{"serializedShareEntity":"CgtWbzZRVEJNZFVmVQ%3D%3D","commands":[{"clickTrackingParams":"CPkCEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","openPopupAction":{"popup":{"unifiedSharePanelRenderer":{"trackingParams":"CPoCEI5iIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","showLoadingSpinner":true}},"popupType":"DIALOG","beReused":true}}]}}}}}}}]}}}}}}}},"accessibilityText":"More actions","style":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STYLE_MONO","trackingParams":"CPkCEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","type":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_TYPE_TEXT","buttonSize":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_SIZE_DEFAULT","state":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STATE_ACTIVE"}}}},"contentId":"Vo6QTBMdUfU","contentType":"LOCKUP_CONTENT_TYPE_VIDEO","rendererContext":{"loggingContext":{"loggingDirectives":{"trackingParams":"CPgCENTEDBgCIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","visibility":{"types":"12"}}},"accessibilityContext":{"label":"1 Day vs 50,000 Day Build Challenge 19 minutes"},"commandContext":{"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CPgCENTEDBgCIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYMgdyZWxhdGVkSKjGo4ORgOmTzgGaAQUIARD4HcoBBNkXUCE=","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/watch?v=Vo6QTBMdUfU\u0026pp=ugUEEgJlbg%3D%3D","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_WATCH","rootVe":3832}},"watchEndpoint":{"videoId":"Vo6QTBMdUfU","playerParams":"ugUEEgJlbg%3D%3D","nofollow":true,"ustreamerConfig":"KgYKBBICZW4=","watchEndpointSupportedOnesieConfig":{"html5PlaybackOnesieConfig":{"commonConfig":{"url":"https://rr7---sn-fapo3ox25a-cq2e.googlevideo.com/initplayback?source=youtube\u0026oeis=1\u0026c=WEB\u0026oad=3200\u0026ovd=3200\u0026oaad=11000\u0026oavd=11000\u0026ocs=700\u0026oewis=1\u0026oputc=1\u0026ofpcc=1\u0026msp=1\u0026odepv=1\u0026id=568e904c131d51f5\u0026ip=27.34.72.167\u0026initcwndbps=1480000\u0026mt=1777291542\u0026oweuc=\u0026pxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ\u0026rxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzMw%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNA%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNg"}}}}}}}}}},{"lockupViewModel":{"contentImage":{"thumbnailViewModel":{"image":{"sources":[{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/3F7e6t6YeVc/hqdefault.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEbCKgBEF5IVfKriqkDDggBFQAAiEIYAXABwAEG\u0026rs=AOn4CLB8ldKoRsWYcyRjgd0M8Uo1AzZ6LA","width":168,"height":94},{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/3F7e6t6YeVc/hqdefault.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEcCNACELwBSFXyq4qpAw4IARUAAIhCGAFwAcABBg==\u0026rs=AOn4CLCIHnW0mM3-Fpf5NtalZkgkAyCCYg","width":336,"height":188}]},"overlays":[{"thumbnailBottomOverlayViewModel":{"badges":[{"thumbnailBadgeViewModel":{"text":"22:11","badgeStyle":"THUMBNAIL_OVERLAY_BADGE_STYLE_DEFAULT","animationActivationTargetId":"3F7e6t6YeVc","animationActivationEntityKey":"Eh8veW91dHViZS9hcHAvd2F0Y2gvcGxheWVyX3N0YXRlIMMCKAE%3D","lottieData":{"url":"https://www.gstatic.com/youtube/img/lottie/audio_indicator/audio_indicator_v2.json","settings":{"loop":true,"autoplay":true}},"animatedText":"Now playing","animationActivationEntitySelectorType":"THUMBNAIL_BADGE_ANIMATION_ENTITY_SELECTOR_TYPE_PLAYER_STATE","rendererContext":{"accessibilityContext":{"label":"22 minutes, 11 seconds"}}}}]}},{"animatedThumbnailOverlayViewModel":{"thumbnail":{"sources":[{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/an_webp/3F7e6t6YeVc/mqdefault_6s.webp?du=3000\u0026sqp=CLOGvc8G\u0026rs=AOn4CLAZrHB02tx41btUPj-xwmGjE9-CIQ","width":320,"height":180}]}}},{"thumbnailHoverOverlayToggleActionsViewModel":{"buttons":[{"toggleButtonViewModel":{"defaultButtonViewModel":{"buttonViewModel":{"iconName":"WATCH_LATER","onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CPcCEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/browse/edit_playlist"}},"playlistEditEndpoint":{"playlistId":"WL","actions":[{"addedVideoId":"3F7e6t6YeVc","action":"ACTION_ADD_VIDEO"}]}}},"accessibilityText":"Watch later","style":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STYLE_OVERLAY_DARK","trackingParams":"CPcCEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","type":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_TYPE_TONAL","buttonSize":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_SIZE_COMPACT","state":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STATE_ACTIVE"}},"toggledButtonViewModel":{"buttonViewModel":{"iconName":"CHECK","onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CPYCEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/browse/edit_playlist"}},"playlistEditEndpoint":{"playlistId":"WL","actions":[{"action":"ACTION_REMOVE_VIDEO_BY_VIDEO_ID","removedVideoId":"3F7e6t6YeVc"}]}}},"accessibilityText":"Added","style":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STYLE_OVERLAY_DARK","trackingParams":"CPYCEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","type":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_TYPE_TONAL","buttonSize":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_SIZE_COMPACT","state":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STATE_ACTIVE"}},"isToggled":false,"trackingParams":"CO4CENTEDBgDIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY"}},{"toggleButtonViewModel":{"defaultButtonViewModel":{"buttonViewModel":{"iconName":"ADD_TO_QUEUE_TAIL","onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CPUCEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true}},"signalServiceEndpoint":{"signal":"CLIENT_SIGNAL","actions":[{"clickTrackingParams":"CPUCEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","addToPlaylistCommand":{"openMiniplayer":false,"openListPanel":true,"videoId":"3F7e6t6YeVc","listType":"PLAYLIST_EDIT_LIST_TYPE_QUEUE","onCreateListCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CPUCEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/playlist/create"}},"createPlaylistServiceEndpoint":{"videoIds":["3F7e6t6YeVc"],"params":"CAQ%3D"}},"videoIds":["3F7e6t6YeVc"],"videoCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CPUCEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/watch?v=3F7e6t6YeVc","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_WATCH","rootVe":3832}},"watchEndpoint":{"videoId":"3F7e6t6YeVc","watchEndpointSupportedOnesieConfig":{"html5PlaybackOnesieConfig":{"commonConfig":{"url":"https://rr1---sn-fapo3ox25a-cq2l.googlevideo.com/initplayback?source=youtube\u0026oeis=1\u0026c=WEB\u0026oad=3200\u0026ovd=3200\u0026oaad=11000\u0026oavd=11000\u0026ocs=700\u0026oewis=1\u0026oputc=1\u0026ofpcc=1\u0026msp=1\u0026odepv=1\u0026id=dc5edeeade987957\u0026ip=27.34.72.167\u0026initcwndbps=1372500\u0026mt=1777291542\u0026oweuc=\u0026pxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ\u0026rxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzMw%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNA%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNg"}}}}}}}]}}},"accessibilityText":"Add to queue","style":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STYLE_OVERLAY_DARK","trackingParams":"CPUCEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","type":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_TYPE_TONAL","buttonSize":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_SIZE_COMPACT","state":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STATE_ACTIVE"}},"toggledButtonViewModel":{"buttonViewModel":{"iconName":"CHECK","accessibilityText":"Added","style":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STYLE_OVERLAY_DARK","trackingParams":"CPQCEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","type":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_TYPE_TONAL","buttonSize":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_SIZE_COMPACT","state":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STATE_ACTIVE"}},"isToggled":false,"trackingParams":"CO4CENTEDBgDIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY"}}]}}]}},"metadata":{"lockupMetadataViewModel":{"title":{"content":"धोबीखोला खाने VIP ‘गिद्ध’ हरू ! यी हुन् खोलामाथि महल ठड्याउने भूमाफिया ! कहिले चल्छ बालेनको डोजर ?"},"image":{"decoratedAvatarViewModel":{"avatar":{"avatarViewModel":{"image":{"sources":[{"url":"https://yt3.ggpht.com/E_fHXsiwRDPJ2x4Krr0vjy4QgiFBANhjW9SFDdwMP5gPre9jISdqdoIrSPCvb-VtV51lKhTtrro=s68-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj","width":68,"height":68}]},"avatarImageSize":"AVATAR_SIZE_M"}},"a11yLabel":"Go to channel Prime Television","rendererContext":{"commandContext":{"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CO4CENTEDBgDIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/@PrimeTelevisionHD","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_CHANNEL","rootVe":3611,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/browse"}},"browseEndpoint":{"browseId":"UCL1Zr3XniRSwZOcqnpAKtfg","canonicalBaseUrl":"/@PrimeTelevisionHD"}}}}}}},"metadata":{"contentMetadataViewModel":{"metadataRows":[{"metadataParts":[{"text":{"content":"Prime Television","styleRuns":[{"startIndex":16,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4289374890},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4284506208}]}}}],"attachmentRuns":[{"startIndex":16,"length":0,"element":{"type":{"imageType":{"image":{"sources":[{"clientResource":{"imageName":"CHECK_CIRCLE_FILLED"},"width":14,"height":14}]}}},"properties":{"layoutProperties":{"height":{"value":14,"unit":"DIMENSION_UNIT_POINT"},"width":{"value":14,"unit":"DIMENSION_UNIT_POINT"},"margin":{"left":{"value":4,"unit":"DIMENSION_UNIT_POINT"}}}}},"alignment":"ALIGNMENT_VERTICAL_CENTER"}]}}]},{"metadataParts":[{"text":{"content":"116K views"}},{"text":{"content":"19 hours ago"}}]},{"badges":[{"badgeViewModel":{"badgeText":"New","badgeStyle":"BADGE_DEFAULT","trackingParams":"CO4CENTEDBgDIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY"}}]}],"delimiter":" • "}},"menuButton":{"buttonViewModel":{"iconName":"MORE_VERT","onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CO8CEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","showSheetCommand":{"panelLoadingStrategy":{"inlineContent":{"sheetViewModel":{"content":{"listViewModel":{"listItems":[{"listItemViewModel":{"title":{"content":"Add to queue"},"leadingImage":{"sources":[{"clientResource":{"imageName":"ADD_TO_QUEUE_TAIL"}}]},"rendererContext":{"loggingContext":{"loggingDirectives":{"trackingParams":"CPMCEP6YBBgAIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","visibility":{"types":"12"}}},"commandContext":{"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CPMCEP6YBBgAIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true}},"signalServiceEndpoint":{"signal":"CLIENT_SIGNAL","actions":[{"clickTrackingParams":"CPMCEP6YBBgAIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","addToPlaylistCommand":{"openMiniplayer":true,"videoId":"3F7e6t6YeVc","listType":"PLAYLIST_EDIT_LIST_TYPE_QUEUE","onCreateListCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CPMCEP6YBBgAIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/playlist/create"}},"createPlaylistServiceEndpoint":{"videoIds":["3F7e6t6YeVc"],"params":"CAQ%3D"}},"videoIds":["3F7e6t6YeVc"],"videoCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CPMCEP6YBBgAIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/watch?v=3F7e6t6YeVc","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_WATCH","rootVe":3832}},"watchEndpoint":{"videoId":"3F7e6t6YeVc","watchEndpointSupportedOnesieConfig":{"html5PlaybackOnesieConfig":{"commonConfig":{"url":"https://rr1---sn-fapo3ox25a-cq2l.googlevideo.com/initplayback?source=youtube\u0026oeis=1\u0026c=WEB\u0026oad=3200\u0026ovd=3200\u0026oaad=11000\u0026oavd=11000\u0026ocs=700\u0026oewis=1\u0026oputc=1\u0026ofpcc=1\u0026msp=1\u0026odepv=1\u0026id=dc5edeeade987957\u0026ip=27.34.72.167\u0026initcwndbps=1372500\u0026mt=1777291542\u0026oweuc=\u0026pxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ\u0026rxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzMw%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNA%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNg"}}}}}}}]}}}}}}},{"listItemViewModel":{"title":{"content":"Save to playlist"},"leadingImage":{"sources":[{"clientResource":{"imageName":"BOOKMARK_BORDER"}}]},"rendererContext":{"loggingContext":{"loggingDirectives":{"trackingParams":"CPICEJSsCRgBIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","visibility":{"types":"12"}}},"commandContext":{"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CPICEJSsCRgBIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"https://accounts.google.com/ServiceLogin?service=youtube\u0026uilel=3\u0026passive=true\u0026continue=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.youtube.com%2Fsignin%3Faction_handle_signin%3Dtrue%26app%3Ddesktop%26hl%3Den\u0026hl=en","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_UNKNOWN","rootVe":83769}},"signInEndpoint":{"nextEndpoint":{"clickTrackingParams":"CPICEJSsCRgBIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","showSheetCommand":{"panelLoadingStrategy":{"requestTemplate":{"panelId":"PAadd_to_playlist","params":"-gYNCgszRjdlNnQ2WWVWYw%3D%3D"}}}}}}}}}}},{"downloadListItemViewModel":{"rendererContext":{"loggingContext":{"loggingDirectives":{"trackingParams":"CPECENGqBRgCIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","visibility":{"types":"12"}}},"commandContext":{"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CPECENGqBRgCIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","offlineVideoEndpoint":{"videoId":"3F7e6t6YeVc","onAddCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CPECENGqBRgCIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","getDownloadActionCommand":{"videoId":"3F7e6t6YeVc","params":"CAIQAA%3D%3D","isCrossDeviceDownload":false}}}}}}}}},{"listItemViewModel":{"title":{"content":"Share"},"leadingImage":{"sources":[{"clientResource":{"imageName":"SHARE"}}]},"rendererContext":{"commandContext":{"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CO8CEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/share/get_share_panel"}},"shareEntityServiceEndpoint":{"serializedShareEntity":"CgszRjdlNnQ2WWVWYw%3D%3D","commands":[{"clickTrackingParams":"CO8CEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","openPopupAction":{"popup":{"unifiedSharePanelRenderer":{"trackingParams":"CPACEI5iIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","showLoadingSpinner":true}},"popupType":"DIALOG","beReused":true}}]}}}}}}}]}}}}}}}},"accessibilityText":"More actions","style":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STYLE_MONO","trackingParams":"CO8CEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","type":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_TYPE_TEXT","buttonSize":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_SIZE_DEFAULT","state":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STATE_ACTIVE"}}}},"contentId":"3F7e6t6YeVc","contentType":"LOCKUP_CONTENT_TYPE_VIDEO","rendererContext":{"loggingContext":{"loggingDirectives":{"trackingParams":"CO4CENTEDBgDIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","visibility":{"types":"12"}}},"accessibilityContext":{"label":"धोबीखोला खाने VIP ‘गिद्ध’ हरू ! यी हुन् खोलामाथि महल ठड्याउने भूमाफिया ! कहिले चल्छ बालेनको डोजर ? 22 minutes"},"commandContext":{"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CO4CENTEDBgDIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYMgdyZWxhdGVkSKjGo4ORgOmTzgGaAQUIARD4HcoBBNkXUCE=","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/watch?v=3F7e6t6YeVc","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_WATCH","rootVe":3832}},"watchEndpoint":{"videoId":"3F7e6t6YeVc","nofollow":true,"watchEndpointSupportedOnesieConfig":{"html5PlaybackOnesieConfig":{"commonConfig":{"url":"https://rr1---sn-fapo3ox25a-cq2l.googlevideo.com/initplayback?source=youtube\u0026oeis=1\u0026c=WEB\u0026oad=3200\u0026ovd=3200\u0026oaad=11000\u0026oavd=11000\u0026ocs=700\u0026oewis=1\u0026oputc=1\u0026ofpcc=1\u0026msp=1\u0026odepv=1\u0026id=dc5edeeade987957\u0026ip=27.34.72.167\u0026initcwndbps=1372500\u0026mt=1777291542\u0026oweuc=\u0026pxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ\u0026rxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzMw%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNA%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNg"}}}}}}}}}},{"lockupViewModel":{"contentImage":{"thumbnailViewModel":{"image":{"sources":[{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/A2ucWCu6hqg/hqdefault.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEbCKgBEF5IVfKriqkDDggBFQAAiEIYAXABwAEG\u0026rs=AOn4CLDpLTlz-pgPhzDcGJHeX9LJgkERNA","width":168,"height":94},{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/A2ucWCu6hqg/hqdefault.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEcCNACELwBSFXyq4qpAw4IARUAAIhCGAFwAcABBg==\u0026rs=AOn4CLApyg7zlYd07QgigqgltLbaXteH6Q","width":336,"height":188}]},"overlays":[{"thumbnailBottomOverlayViewModel":{"badges":[{"thumbnailBadgeViewModel":{"text":"31:29","badgeStyle":"THUMBNAIL_OVERLAY_BADGE_STYLE_DEFAULT","animationActivationTargetId":"A2ucWCu6hqg","animationActivationEntityKey":"Eh8veW91dHViZS9hcHAvd2F0Y2gvcGxheWVyX3N0YXRlIMMCKAE%3D","lottieData":{"url":"https://www.gstatic.com/youtube/img/lottie/audio_indicator/audio_indicator_v2.json","settings":{"loop":true,"autoplay":true}},"animatedText":"Now playing","animationActivationEntitySelectorType":"THUMBNAIL_BADGE_ANIMATION_ENTITY_SELECTOR_TYPE_PLAYER_STATE","rendererContext":{"accessibilityContext":{"label":"31 minutes, 29 seconds"}}}}]}},{"animatedThumbnailOverlayViewModel":{"thumbnail":{"sources":[{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/an_webp/A2ucWCu6hqg/mqdefault_6s.webp?du=3000\u0026sqp=CJj9vM8G\u0026rs=AOn4CLAtyPykzKdH1TlGIoLUb6jUpgISDQ","width":320,"height":180}]}}},{"thumbnailHoverOverlayToggleActionsViewModel":{"buttons":[{"toggleButtonViewModel":{"defaultButtonViewModel":{"buttonViewModel":{"iconName":"WATCH_LATER","onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CO0CEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/browse/edit_playlist"}},"playlistEditEndpoint":{"playlistId":"WL","actions":[{"addedVideoId":"A2ucWCu6hqg","action":"ACTION_ADD_VIDEO"}]}}},"accessibilityText":"Watch later","style":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STYLE_OVERLAY_DARK","trackingParams":"CO0CEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","type":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_TYPE_TONAL","buttonSize":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_SIZE_COMPACT","state":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STATE_ACTIVE"}},"toggledButtonViewModel":{"buttonViewModel":{"iconName":"CHECK","onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"COwCEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/browse/edit_playlist"}},"playlistEditEndpoint":{"playlistId":"WL","actions":[{"action":"ACTION_REMOVE_VIDEO_BY_VIDEO_ID","removedVideoId":"A2ucWCu6hqg"}]}}},"accessibilityText":"Added","style":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STYLE_OVERLAY_DARK","trackingParams":"COwCEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","type":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_TYPE_TONAL","buttonSize":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_SIZE_COMPACT","state":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STATE_ACTIVE"}},"isToggled":false,"trackingParams":"COQCENTEDBgEIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY"}},{"toggleButtonViewModel":{"defaultButtonViewModel":{"buttonViewModel":{"iconName":"ADD_TO_QUEUE_TAIL","onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"COsCEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true}},"signalServiceEndpoint":{"signal":"CLIENT_SIGNAL","actions":[{"clickTrackingParams":"COsCEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","addToPlaylistCommand":{"openMiniplayer":false,"openListPanel":true,"videoId":"A2ucWCu6hqg","listType":"PLAYLIST_EDIT_LIST_TYPE_QUEUE","onCreateListCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"COsCEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/playlist/create"}},"createPlaylistServiceEndpoint":{"videoIds":["A2ucWCu6hqg"],"params":"CAQ%3D"}},"videoIds":["A2ucWCu6hqg"],"videoCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"COsCEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/watch?v=A2ucWCu6hqg","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_WATCH","rootVe":3832}},"watchEndpoint":{"videoId":"A2ucWCu6hqg","watchEndpointSupportedOnesieConfig":{"html5PlaybackOnesieConfig":{"commonConfig":{"url":"https://rr2---sn-fapo3ox25a-cq2l.googlevideo.com/initplayback?source=youtube\u0026oeis=1\u0026c=WEB\u0026oad=3200\u0026ovd=3200\u0026oaad=11000\u0026oavd=11000\u0026ocs=700\u0026oewis=1\u0026oputc=1\u0026ofpcc=1\u0026msp=1\u0026odepv=1\u0026id=036b9c582bba86a8\u0026ip=27.34.72.167\u0026initcwndbps=1372500\u0026mt=1777291542\u0026oweuc=\u0026pxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ\u0026rxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzMw%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNA%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNg"}}}}}}}]}}},"accessibilityText":"Add to queue","style":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STYLE_OVERLAY_DARK","trackingParams":"COsCEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","type":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_TYPE_TONAL","buttonSize":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_SIZE_COMPACT","state":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STATE_ACTIVE"}},"toggledButtonViewModel":{"buttonViewModel":{"iconName":"CHECK","accessibilityText":"Added","style":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STYLE_OVERLAY_DARK","trackingParams":"COoCEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","type":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_TYPE_TONAL","buttonSize":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_SIZE_COMPACT","state":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STATE_ACTIVE"}},"isToggled":false,"trackingParams":"COQCENTEDBgEIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY"}}]}}]}},"metadata":{"lockupMetadataViewModel":{"title":{"content":"The rise and fall of Sudan Gurung: From Hami Nepal to Home Minister"},"image":{"decoratedAvatarViewModel":{"avatar":{"avatarViewModel":{"image":{"sources":[{"url":"https://yt3.ggpht.com/rhICPV-vCayatPwZm0g0cur51rO-L6m1Df2y52I70Dn2tNOdS2K8Aio1Ag7n9UqdxmOeZ-BrQvA=s68-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj","width":68,"height":68}]},"avatarImageSize":"AVATAR_SIZE_M"}},"a11yLabel":"Go to channel IN-Depth Story","rendererContext":{"commandContext":{"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"COQCENTEDBgEIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/@INDepthStory","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_CHANNEL","rootVe":3611,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/browse"}},"browseEndpoint":{"browseId":"UCPpEV25F4A2r_yc0sxKniPA","canonicalBaseUrl":"/@INDepthStory"}}}}}}},"metadata":{"contentMetadataViewModel":{"metadataRows":[{"metadataParts":[{"text":{"content":"IN-Depth Story","styleRuns":[{"startIndex":14,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4289374890},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4284506208}]}}}],"attachmentRuns":[{"startIndex":14,"length":0,"element":{"type":{"imageType":{"image":{"sources":[{"clientResource":{"imageName":"CHECK_CIRCLE_FILLED"},"width":14,"height":14}]}}},"properties":{"layoutProperties":{"height":{"value":14,"unit":"DIMENSION_UNIT_POINT"},"width":{"value":14,"unit":"DIMENSION_UNIT_POINT"},"margin":{"left":{"value":4,"unit":"DIMENSION_UNIT_POINT"}}}}},"alignment":"ALIGNMENT_VERTICAL_CENTER"}]}}]},{"metadataParts":[{"text":{"content":"410K views"}},{"text":{"content":"2 days ago"}}]},{"badges":[{"badgeViewModel":{"badgeText":"New","badgeStyle":"BADGE_DEFAULT","trackingParams":"COQCENTEDBgEIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY"}}]}],"delimiter":" • "}},"menuButton":{"buttonViewModel":{"iconName":"MORE_VERT","onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"COUCEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","showSheetCommand":{"panelLoadingStrategy":{"inlineContent":{"sheetViewModel":{"content":{"listViewModel":{"listItems":[{"listItemViewModel":{"title":{"content":"Add to queue"},"leadingImage":{"sources":[{"clientResource":{"imageName":"ADD_TO_QUEUE_TAIL"}}]},"rendererContext":{"loggingContext":{"loggingDirectives":{"trackingParams":"COkCEP6YBBgAIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","visibility":{"types":"12"}}},"commandContext":{"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"COkCEP6YBBgAIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true}},"signalServiceEndpoint":{"signal":"CLIENT_SIGNAL","actions":[{"clickTrackingParams":"COkCEP6YBBgAIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","addToPlaylistCommand":{"openMiniplayer":true,"videoId":"A2ucWCu6hqg","listType":"PLAYLIST_EDIT_LIST_TYPE_QUEUE","onCreateListCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"COkCEP6YBBgAIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/playlist/create"}},"createPlaylistServiceEndpoint":{"videoIds":["A2ucWCu6hqg"],"params":"CAQ%3D"}},"videoIds":["A2ucWCu6hqg"],"videoCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"COkCEP6YBBgAIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/watch?v=A2ucWCu6hqg","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_WATCH","rootVe":3832}},"watchEndpoint":{"videoId":"A2ucWCu6hqg","watchEndpointSupportedOnesieConfig":{"html5PlaybackOnesieConfig":{"commonConfig":{"url":"https://rr2---sn-fapo3ox25a-cq2l.googlevideo.com/initplayback?source=youtube\u0026oeis=1\u0026c=WEB\u0026oad=3200\u0026ovd=3200\u0026oaad=11000\u0026oavd=11000\u0026ocs=700\u0026oewis=1\u0026oputc=1\u0026ofpcc=1\u0026msp=1\u0026odepv=1\u0026id=036b9c582bba86a8\u0026ip=27.34.72.167\u0026initcwndbps=1372500\u0026mt=1777291542\u0026oweuc=\u0026pxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ\u0026rxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzMw%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNA%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNg"}}}}}}}]}}}}}}},{"listItemViewModel":{"title":{"content":"Save to playlist"},"leadingImage":{"sources":[{"clientResource":{"imageName":"BOOKMARK_BORDER"}}]},"rendererContext":{"loggingContext":{"loggingDirectives":{"trackingParams":"COgCEJSsCRgBIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","visibility":{"types":"12"}}},"commandContext":{"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"COgCEJSsCRgBIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"https://accounts.google.com/ServiceLogin?service=youtube\u0026uilel=3\u0026passive=true\u0026continue=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.youtube.com%2Fsignin%3Faction_handle_signin%3Dtrue%26app%3Ddesktop%26hl%3Den\u0026hl=en","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_UNKNOWN","rootVe":83769}},"signInEndpoint":{"nextEndpoint":{"clickTrackingParams":"COgCEJSsCRgBIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","showSheetCommand":{"panelLoadingStrategy":{"requestTemplate":{"panelId":"PAadd_to_playlist","params":"-gYNCgtBMnVjV0N1NmhxZw%3D%3D"}}}}}}}}}}},{"downloadListItemViewModel":{"rendererContext":{"loggingContext":{"loggingDirectives":{"trackingParams":"COcCENGqBRgCIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","visibility":{"types":"12"}}},"commandContext":{"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"COcCENGqBRgCIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","offlineVideoEndpoint":{"videoId":"A2ucWCu6hqg","onAddCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"COcCENGqBRgCIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","getDownloadActionCommand":{"videoId":"A2ucWCu6hqg","params":"CAIQAA%3D%3D","isCrossDeviceDownload":false}}}}}}}}},{"listItemViewModel":{"title":{"content":"Share"},"leadingImage":{"sources":[{"clientResource":{"imageName":"SHARE"}}]},"rendererContext":{"commandContext":{"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"COUCEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/share/get_share_panel"}},"shareEntityServiceEndpoint":{"serializedShareEntity":"CgtBMnVjV0N1NmhxZw%3D%3D","commands":[{"clickTrackingParams":"COUCEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","openPopupAction":{"popup":{"unifiedSharePanelRenderer":{"trackingParams":"COYCEI5iIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","showLoadingSpinner":true}},"popupType":"DIALOG","beReused":true}}]}}}}}}}]}}}}}}}},"accessibilityText":"More actions","style":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STYLE_MONO","trackingParams":"COUCEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","type":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_TYPE_TEXT","buttonSize":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_SIZE_DEFAULT","state":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STATE_ACTIVE"}}}},"contentId":"A2ucWCu6hqg","contentType":"LOCKUP_CONTENT_TYPE_VIDEO","rendererContext":{"loggingContext":{"loggingDirectives":{"trackingParams":"COQCENTEDBgEIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","visibility":{"types":"12"}}},"accessibilityContext":{"label":"The rise and fall of Sudan Gurung: From Hami Nepal to Home Minister 31 minutes"},"commandContext":{"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"COQCENTEDBgEIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYMgdyZWxhdGVkSKjGo4ORgOmTzgGaAQUIARD4HcoBBNkXUCE=","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/watch?v=A2ucWCu6hqg\u0026pp=0gcJCdQKAYcqIYzv","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_WATCH","rootVe":3832}},"watchEndpoint":{"videoId":"A2ucWCu6hqg","playerParams":"0gcJCdQKAYcqIYzv","nofollow":true,"watchEndpointSupportedOnesieConfig":{"html5PlaybackOnesieConfig":{"commonConfig":{"url":"https://rr2---sn-fapo3ox25a-cq2l.googlevideo.com/initplayback?source=youtube\u0026oeis=1\u0026c=WEB\u0026oad=3200\u0026ovd=3200\u0026oaad=11000\u0026oavd=11000\u0026ocs=700\u0026oewis=1\u0026oputc=1\u0026ofpcc=1\u0026msp=1\u0026odepv=1\u0026id=036b9c582bba86a8\u0026ip=27.34.72.167\u0026initcwndbps=1372500\u0026mt=1777291542\u0026oweuc=\u0026pxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ\u0026rxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzMw%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNA%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNg"}}}}}}}}}},{"lockupViewModel":{"contentImage":{"thumbnailViewModel":{"image":{"sources":[{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/B1S7sULGd64/hqdefault.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEbCKgBEF5IVfKriqkDDggBFQAAiEIYAXABwAEG\u0026rs=AOn4CLAhjfGkQn288L92PXQ5r8awA9JWyQ","width":168,"height":94},{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/B1S7sULGd64/hqdefault.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEcCNACELwBSFXyq4qpAw4IARUAAIhCGAFwAcABBg==\u0026rs=AOn4CLAmgkAkgTyaqu1mzT6TOBj9y5rYiw","width":336,"height":188}]},"overlays":[{"thumbnailBottomOverlayViewModel":{"badges":[{"thumbnailBadgeViewModel":{"text":"10:41","badgeStyle":"THUMBNAIL_OVERLAY_BADGE_STYLE_DEFAULT","animationActivationTargetId":"B1S7sULGd64","animationActivationEntityKey":"Eh8veW91dHViZS9hcHAvd2F0Y2gvcGxheWVyX3N0YXRlIMMCKAE%3D","lottieData":{"url":"https://www.gstatic.com/youtube/img/lottie/audio_indicator/audio_indicator_v2.json","settings":{"loop":true,"autoplay":true}},"animatedText":"Now playing","animationActivationEntitySelectorType":"THUMBNAIL_BADGE_ANIMATION_ENTITY_SELECTOR_TYPE_PLAYER_STATE","rendererContext":{"accessibilityContext":{"label":"10 minutes, 41 seconds"}}}}]}},{"animatedThumbnailOverlayViewModel":{"thumbnail":{"sources":[{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/an_webp/B1S7sULGd64/mqdefault_6s.webp?du=3000\u0026sqp=CPzmvM8G\u0026rs=AOn4CLA0Rq9Hc_0Cu_fLzkTYBpqXvi9IrQ","width":320,"height":180}]}}},{"thumbnailHoverOverlayToggleActionsViewModel":{"buttons":[{"toggleButtonViewModel":{"defaultButtonViewModel":{"buttonViewModel":{"iconName":"WATCH_LATER","onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"COMCEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/browse/edit_playlist"}},"playlistEditEndpoint":{"playlistId":"WL","actions":[{"addedVideoId":"B1S7sULGd64","action":"ACTION_ADD_VIDEO"}]}}},"accessibilityText":"Watch later","style":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STYLE_OVERLAY_DARK","trackingParams":"COMCEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","type":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_TYPE_TONAL","buttonSize":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_SIZE_COMPACT","state":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STATE_ACTIVE"}},"toggledButtonViewModel":{"buttonViewModel":{"iconName":"CHECK","onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"COICEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/browse/edit_playlist"}},"playlistEditEndpoint":{"playlistId":"WL","actions":[{"action":"ACTION_REMOVE_VIDEO_BY_VIDEO_ID","removedVideoId":"B1S7sULGd64"}]}}},"accessibilityText":"Added","style":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STYLE_OVERLAY_DARK","trackingParams":"COICEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","type":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_TYPE_TONAL","buttonSize":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_SIZE_COMPACT","state":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STATE_ACTIVE"}},"isToggled":false,"trackingParams":"CNoCENTEDBgFIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY"}},{"toggleButtonViewModel":{"defaultButtonViewModel":{"buttonViewModel":{"iconName":"ADD_TO_QUEUE_TAIL","onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"COECEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true}},"signalServiceEndpoint":{"signal":"CLIENT_SIGNAL","actions":[{"clickTrackingParams":"COECEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","addToPlaylistCommand":{"openMiniplayer":false,"openListPanel":true,"videoId":"B1S7sULGd64","listType":"PLAYLIST_EDIT_LIST_TYPE_QUEUE","onCreateListCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"COECEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/playlist/create"}},"createPlaylistServiceEndpoint":{"videoIds":["B1S7sULGd64"],"params":"CAQ%3D"}},"videoIds":["B1S7sULGd64"],"videoCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"COECEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/watch?v=B1S7sULGd64","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_WATCH","rootVe":3832}},"watchEndpoint":{"videoId":"B1S7sULGd64","watchEndpointSupportedOnesieConfig":{"html5PlaybackOnesieConfig":{"commonConfig":{"url":"https://rr3---sn-fapo3ox25a-cq2e.googlevideo.com/initplayback?source=youtube\u0026oeis=1\u0026c=WEB\u0026oad=3200\u0026ovd=3200\u0026oaad=11000\u0026oavd=11000\u0026ocs=700\u0026oewis=1\u0026oputc=1\u0026ofpcc=1\u0026msp=1\u0026odepv=1\u0026id=0754bbb142c677ae\u0026ip=27.34.72.167\u0026initcwndbps=1480000\u0026mt=1777291542\u0026oweuc=\u0026pxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ\u0026rxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzMw%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNA%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNg"}}}}}}}]}}},"accessibilityText":"Add to queue","style":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STYLE_OVERLAY_DARK","trackingParams":"COECEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","type":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_TYPE_TONAL","buttonSize":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_SIZE_COMPACT","state":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STATE_ACTIVE"}},"toggledButtonViewModel":{"buttonViewModel":{"iconName":"CHECK","accessibilityText":"Added","style":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STYLE_OVERLAY_DARK","trackingParams":"COACEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","type":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_TYPE_TONAL","buttonSize":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_SIZE_COMPACT","state":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STATE_ACTIVE"}},"isToggled":false,"trackingParams":"CNoCENTEDBgFIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY"}}]}}]}},"metadata":{"lockupMetadataViewModel":{"title":{"content":"मनोहराका ५ तल्ले महलमा चल्यो डोजर, सुकुम्बासी भन्दै लाखौं भाडा उठाउने पक्की शहर नै भेटियो"},"image":{"decoratedAvatarViewModel":{"avatar":{"avatarViewModel":{"image":{"sources":[{"url":"https://yt3.ggpht.com/o97Z43ToiBBCRn4WGljux_IDWo8expHSNbrKFZ9iMRDxlVkU4mXUdr8S1iiemRR1usHjg9Gm9Ag=s68-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj","width":68,"height":68}]},"avatarImageSize":"AVATAR_SIZE_M"}},"a11yLabel":"Go to channel Harek News TV","rendererContext":{"commandContext":{"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CNoCENTEDBgFIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/@hareknewstv","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_CHANNEL","rootVe":3611,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/browse"}},"browseEndpoint":{"browseId":"UCu7Qfb4QPsZk4cn-yHQrWQg","canonicalBaseUrl":"/@hareknewstv"}}}}}}},"metadata":{"contentMetadataViewModel":{"metadataRows":[{"metadataParts":[{"text":{"content":"Harek News TV","styleRuns":[{"startIndex":13,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4289374890},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4284506208}]}}}],"attachmentRuns":[{"startIndex":13,"length":0,"element":{"type":{"imageType":{"image":{"sources":[{"clientResource":{"imageName":"CHECK_CIRCLE_FILLED"},"width":14,"height":14}]}}},"properties":{"layoutProperties":{"height":{"value":14,"unit":"DIMENSION_UNIT_POINT"},"width":{"value":14,"unit":"DIMENSION_UNIT_POINT"},"margin":{"left":{"value":4,"unit":"DIMENSION_UNIT_POINT"}}}}},"alignment":"ALIGNMENT_VERTICAL_CENTER"}]}}]},{"metadataParts":[{"text":{"content":"60K views"}},{"text":{"content":"6 hours ago"}}]},{"badges":[{"badgeViewModel":{"badgeText":"New","badgeStyle":"BADGE_DEFAULT","trackingParams":"CNoCENTEDBgFIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY"}}]}],"delimiter":" • "}},"menuButton":{"buttonViewModel":{"iconName":"MORE_VERT","onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CNsCEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","showSheetCommand":{"panelLoadingStrategy":{"inlineContent":{"sheetViewModel":{"content":{"listViewModel":{"listItems":[{"listItemViewModel":{"title":{"content":"Add to queue"},"leadingImage":{"sources":[{"clientResource":{"imageName":"ADD_TO_QUEUE_TAIL"}}]},"rendererContext":{"loggingContext":{"loggingDirectives":{"trackingParams":"CN8CEP6YBBgAIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","visibility":{"types":"12"}}},"commandContext":{"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CN8CEP6YBBgAIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true}},"signalServiceEndpoint":{"signal":"CLIENT_SIGNAL","actions":[{"clickTrackingParams":"CN8CEP6YBBgAIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","addToPlaylistCommand":{"openMiniplayer":true,"videoId":"B1S7sULGd64","listType":"PLAYLIST_EDIT_LIST_TYPE_QUEUE","onCreateListCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CN8CEP6YBBgAIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/playlist/create"}},"createPlaylistServiceEndpoint":{"videoIds":["B1S7sULGd64"],"params":"CAQ%3D"}},"videoIds":["B1S7sULGd64"],"videoCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CN8CEP6YBBgAIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/watch?v=B1S7sULGd64","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_WATCH","rootVe":3832}},"watchEndpoint":{"videoId":"B1S7sULGd64","watchEndpointSupportedOnesieConfig":{"html5PlaybackOnesieConfig":{"commonConfig":{"url":"https://rr3---sn-fapo3ox25a-cq2e.googlevideo.com/initplayback?source=youtube\u0026oeis=1\u0026c=WEB\u0026oad=3200\u0026ovd=3200\u0026oaad=11000\u0026oavd=11000\u0026ocs=700\u0026oewis=1\u0026oputc=1\u0026ofpcc=1\u0026msp=1\u0026odepv=1\u0026id=0754bbb142c677ae\u0026ip=27.34.72.167\u0026initcwndbps=1480000\u0026mt=1777291542\u0026oweuc=\u0026pxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ\u0026rxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzMw%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNA%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNg"}}}}}}}]}}}}}}},{"listItemViewModel":{"title":{"content":"Save to playlist"},"leadingImage":{"sources":[{"clientResource":{"imageName":"BOOKMARK_BORDER"}}]},"rendererContext":{"loggingContext":{"loggingDirectives":{"trackingParams":"CN4CEJSsCRgBIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","visibility":{"types":"12"}}},"commandContext":{"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CN4CEJSsCRgBIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"https://accounts.google.com/ServiceLogin?service=youtube\u0026uilel=3\u0026passive=true\u0026continue=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.youtube.com%2Fsignin%3Faction_handle_signin%3Dtrue%26app%3Ddesktop%26hl%3Den\u0026hl=en","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_UNKNOWN","rootVe":83769}},"signInEndpoint":{"nextEndpoint":{"clickTrackingParams":"CN4CEJSsCRgBIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","showSheetCommand":{"panelLoadingStrategy":{"requestTemplate":{"panelId":"PAadd_to_playlist","params":"-gYNCgtCMVM3c1VMR2Q2NA%3D%3D"}}}}}}}}}}},{"downloadListItemViewModel":{"rendererContext":{"loggingContext":{"loggingDirectives":{"trackingParams":"CN0CENGqBRgCIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","visibility":{"types":"12"}}},"commandContext":{"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CN0CENGqBRgCIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","offlineVideoEndpoint":{"videoId":"B1S7sULGd64","onAddCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CN0CENGqBRgCIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","getDownloadActionCommand":{"videoId":"B1S7sULGd64","params":"CAIQAA%3D%3D","isCrossDeviceDownload":false}}}}}}}}},{"listItemViewModel":{"title":{"content":"Share"},"leadingImage":{"sources":[{"clientResource":{"imageName":"SHARE"}}]},"rendererContext":{"commandContext":{"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CNsCEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/share/get_share_panel"}},"shareEntityServiceEndpoint":{"serializedShareEntity":"CgtCMVM3c1VMR2Q2NA%3D%3D","commands":[{"clickTrackingParams":"CNsCEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","openPopupAction":{"popup":{"unifiedSharePanelRenderer":{"trackingParams":"CNwCEI5iIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","showLoadingSpinner":true}},"popupType":"DIALOG","beReused":true}}]}}}}}}}]}}}}}}}},"accessibilityText":"More actions","style":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STYLE_MONO","trackingParams":"CNsCEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","type":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_TYPE_TEXT","buttonSize":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_SIZE_DEFAULT","state":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STATE_ACTIVE"}}}},"contentId":"B1S7sULGd64","contentType":"LOCKUP_CONTENT_TYPE_VIDEO","rendererContext":{"loggingContext":{"loggingDirectives":{"trackingParams":"CNoCENTEDBgFIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","visibility":{"types":"12"}}},"accessibilityContext":{"label":"मनोहराका ५ तल्ले महलमा चल्यो डोजर, सुकुम्बासी भन्दै लाखौं भाडा उठाउने पक्की शहर नै भेटियो 10 minutes, 41 seconds"},"commandContext":{"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CNoCENTEDBgFIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYMgdyZWxhdGVkSKjGo4ORgOmTzgGaAQUIARD4HcoBBNkXUCE=","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/watch?v=B1S7sULGd64","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_WATCH","rootVe":3832}},"watchEndpoint":{"videoId":"B1S7sULGd64","nofollow":true,"watchEndpointSupportedOnesieConfig":{"html5PlaybackOnesieConfig":{"commonConfig":{"url":"https://rr3---sn-fapo3ox25a-cq2e.googlevideo.com/initplayback?source=youtube\u0026oeis=1\u0026c=WEB\u0026oad=3200\u0026ovd=3200\u0026oaad=11000\u0026oavd=11000\u0026ocs=700\u0026oewis=1\u0026oputc=1\u0026ofpcc=1\u0026msp=1\u0026odepv=1\u0026id=0754bbb142c677ae\u0026ip=27.34.72.167\u0026initcwndbps=1480000\u0026mt=1777291542\u0026oweuc=\u0026pxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ\u0026rxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzMw%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNA%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNg"}}}}}}}}}},{"lockupViewModel":{"contentImage":{"thumbnailViewModel":{"image":{"sources":[{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/iNePpdr5J4E/hqdefault.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEbCKgBEF5IVfKriqkDDggBFQAAiEIYAXABwAEG\u0026rs=AOn4CLBs_JvSyYlqxZu9DP3Z9R3IMeMjFw","width":168,"height":94},{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/iNePpdr5J4E/hqdefault.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEcCNACELwBSFXyq4qpAw4IARUAAIhCGAFwAcABBg==\u0026rs=AOn4CLCxqgs7rK4WqZSBTbY6mEhQ9CBmGg","width":336,"height":188}]},"overlays":[{"thumbnailBottomOverlayViewModel":{"badges":[{"thumbnailBadgeViewModel":{"text":"46:21","badgeStyle":"THUMBNAIL_OVERLAY_BADGE_STYLE_DEFAULT","animationActivationTargetId":"iNePpdr5J4E","animationActivationEntityKey":"Eh8veW91dHViZS9hcHAvd2F0Y2gvcGxheWVyX3N0YXRlIMMCKAE%3D","lottieData":{"url":"https://www.gstatic.com/youtube/img/lottie/audio_indicator/audio_indicator_v2.json","settings":{"loop":true,"autoplay":true}},"animatedText":"Now playing","animationActivationEntitySelectorType":"THUMBNAIL_BADGE_ANIMATION_ENTITY_SELECTOR_TYPE_PLAYER_STATE","rendererContext":{"accessibilityContext":{"label":"46 minutes, 21 seconds"}}}}]}},{"animatedThumbnailOverlayViewModel":{"thumbnail":{"sources":[{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/an_webp/iNePpdr5J4E/mqdefault_6s.webp?du=3000\u0026sqp=CPONvc8G\u0026rs=AOn4CLBvYjTPyZS5cMddaDaTbwpIBPKbJg","width":320,"height":180}]}}},{"thumbnailHoverOverlayToggleActionsViewModel":{"buttons":[{"toggleButtonViewModel":{"defaultButtonViewModel":{"buttonViewModel":{"iconName":"WATCH_LATER","onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CNkCEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/browse/edit_playlist"}},"playlistEditEndpoint":{"playlistId":"WL","actions":[{"addedVideoId":"iNePpdr5J4E","action":"ACTION_ADD_VIDEO"}]}}},"accessibilityText":"Watch later","style":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STYLE_OVERLAY_DARK","trackingParams":"CNkCEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","type":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_TYPE_TONAL","buttonSize":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_SIZE_COMPACT","state":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STATE_ACTIVE"}},"toggledButtonViewModel":{"buttonViewModel":{"iconName":"CHECK","onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CNgCEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/browse/edit_playlist"}},"playlistEditEndpoint":{"playlistId":"WL","actions":[{"action":"ACTION_REMOVE_VIDEO_BY_VIDEO_ID","removedVideoId":"iNePpdr5J4E"}]}}},"accessibilityText":"Added","style":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STYLE_OVERLAY_DARK","trackingParams":"CNgCEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","type":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_TYPE_TONAL","buttonSize":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_SIZE_COMPACT","state":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STATE_ACTIVE"}},"isToggled":false,"trackingParams":"CNACENTEDBgGIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY"}},{"toggleButtonViewModel":{"defaultButtonViewModel":{"buttonViewModel":{"iconName":"ADD_TO_QUEUE_TAIL","onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CNcCEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true}},"signalServiceEndpoint":{"signal":"CLIENT_SIGNAL","actions":[{"clickTrackingParams":"CNcCEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","addToPlaylistCommand":{"openMiniplayer":false,"openListPanel":true,"videoId":"iNePpdr5J4E","listType":"PLAYLIST_EDIT_LIST_TYPE_QUEUE","onCreateListCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CNcCEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/playlist/create"}},"createPlaylistServiceEndpoint":{"videoIds":["iNePpdr5J4E"],"params":"CAQ%3D"}},"videoIds":["iNePpdr5J4E"],"videoCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CNcCEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/watch?v=iNePpdr5J4E","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_WATCH","rootVe":3832}},"watchEndpoint":{"videoId":"iNePpdr5J4E","watchEndpointSupportedOnesieConfig":{"html5PlaybackOnesieConfig":{"commonConfig":{"url":"https://rr5---sn-fapo3ox25a-cq2e.googlevideo.com/initplayback?source=youtube\u0026oeis=1\u0026c=WEB\u0026oad=3200\u0026ovd=3200\u0026oaad=11000\u0026oavd=11000\u0026ocs=700\u0026oewis=1\u0026oputc=1\u0026ofpcc=1\u0026msp=1\u0026odepv=1\u0026id=88d78fa5daf92781\u0026ip=27.34.72.167\u0026initcwndbps=1480000\u0026mt=1777291542\u0026oweuc=\u0026pxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ\u0026rxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzMw%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNA%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNg"}}}}}}}]}}},"accessibilityText":"Add to queue","style":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STYLE_OVERLAY_DARK","trackingParams":"CNcCEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","type":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_TYPE_TONAL","buttonSize":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_SIZE_COMPACT","state":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STATE_ACTIVE"}},"toggledButtonViewModel":{"buttonViewModel":{"iconName":"CHECK","accessibilityText":"Added","style":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STYLE_OVERLAY_DARK","trackingParams":"CNYCEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","type":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_TYPE_TONAL","buttonSize":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_SIZE_COMPACT","state":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STATE_ACTIVE"}},"isToggled":false,"trackingParams":"CNACENTEDBgGIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY"}}]}}]}},"metadata":{"lockupMetadataViewModel":{"title":{"content":"Team CID के लिए Red Powder बना बड़ा सबूत! | CID | New Season | Full Episode"},"image":{"decoratedAvatarViewModel":{"avatar":{"avatarViewModel":{"image":{"sources":[{"url":"https://yt3.ggpht.com/ze1wpPg7QE9SbXz1ZbpM7-vYhcnaoUj7DxbfnG0JraS4JsuGZS6O4OgnEavN5E2p3T53BPO11Q=s68-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj","width":68,"height":68}]},"avatarImageSize":"AVATAR_SIZE_M"}},"a11yLabel":"Go to channel LIV Crime","rendererContext":{"commandContext":{"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CNACENTEDBgGIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/@LIVCrime","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_CHANNEL","rootVe":3611,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/browse"}},"browseEndpoint":{"browseId":"UCzXpAx4v6rFLYXkJZ5nmSvQ","canonicalBaseUrl":"/@LIVCrime"}}}}}}},"metadata":{"contentMetadataViewModel":{"metadataRows":[{"metadataParts":[{"text":{"content":"LIV Crime","styleRuns":[{"startIndex":9,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4289374890},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4284506208}]}}}],"attachmentRuns":[{"startIndex":9,"length":0,"element":{"type":{"imageType":{"image":{"sources":[{"clientResource":{"imageName":"CHECK_CIRCLE_FILLED"},"width":14,"height":14}]}}},"properties":{"layoutProperties":{"height":{"value":14,"unit":"DIMENSION_UNIT_POINT"},"width":{"value":14,"unit":"DIMENSION_UNIT_POINT"},"margin":{"left":{"value":4,"unit":"DIMENSION_UNIT_POINT"}}}}},"alignment":"ALIGNMENT_VERTICAL_CENTER"}]}}]},{"metadataParts":[{"text":{"content":"2M views"}},{"text":{"content":"2 days ago"}}]},{"badges":[{"badgeViewModel":{"badgeText":"New","badgeStyle":"BADGE_DEFAULT","trackingParams":"CNACENTEDBgGIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY"}}]}],"delimiter":" • "}},"menuButton":{"buttonViewModel":{"iconName":"MORE_VERT","onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CNECEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","showSheetCommand":{"panelLoadingStrategy":{"inlineContent":{"sheetViewModel":{"content":{"listViewModel":{"listItems":[{"listItemViewModel":{"title":{"content":"Add to queue"},"leadingImage":{"sources":[{"clientResource":{"imageName":"ADD_TO_QUEUE_TAIL"}}]},"rendererContext":{"loggingContext":{"loggingDirectives":{"trackingParams":"CNUCEP6YBBgAIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","visibility":{"types":"12"}}},"commandContext":{"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CNUCEP6YBBgAIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true}},"signalServiceEndpoint":{"signal":"CLIENT_SIGNAL","actions":[{"clickTrackingParams":"CNUCEP6YBBgAIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","addToPlaylistCommand":{"openMiniplayer":true,"videoId":"iNePpdr5J4E","listType":"PLAYLIST_EDIT_LIST_TYPE_QUEUE","onCreateListCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CNUCEP6YBBgAIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/playlist/create"}},"createPlaylistServiceEndpoint":{"videoIds":["iNePpdr5J4E"],"params":"CAQ%3D"}},"videoIds":["iNePpdr5J4E"],"videoCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CNUCEP6YBBgAIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/watch?v=iNePpdr5J4E\u0026pp=0gcJCV8Fdf6zKzOD","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_WATCH","rootVe":3832}},"watchEndpoint":{"videoId":"iNePpdr5J4E","playerParams":"0gcJCV8Fdf6zKzOD","watchEndpointSupportedOnesieConfig":{"html5PlaybackOnesieConfig":{"commonConfig":{"url":"https://rr5---sn-fapo3ox25a-cq2e.googlevideo.com/initplayback?source=youtube\u0026oeis=1\u0026c=WEB\u0026oad=3200\u0026ovd=3200\u0026oaad=11000\u0026oavd=11000\u0026ocs=700\u0026oewis=1\u0026oputc=1\u0026ofpcc=1\u0026msp=1\u0026odepv=1\u0026id=88d78fa5daf92781\u0026ip=27.34.72.167\u0026initcwndbps=1480000\u0026mt=1777291542\u0026oweuc=\u0026pxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ\u0026rxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzMw%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNA%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNg"}}}}}}}]}}}}}}},{"listItemViewModel":{"title":{"content":"Save to playlist"},"leadingImage":{"sources":[{"clientResource":{"imageName":"BOOKMARK_BORDER"}}]},"rendererContext":{"loggingContext":{"loggingDirectives":{"trackingParams":"CNQCEJSsCRgBIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","visibility":{"types":"12"}}},"commandContext":{"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CNQCEJSsCRgBIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"https://accounts.google.com/ServiceLogin?service=youtube\u0026uilel=3\u0026passive=true\u0026continue=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.youtube.com%2Fsignin%3Faction_handle_signin%3Dtrue%26app%3Ddesktop%26hl%3Den\u0026hl=en","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_UNKNOWN","rootVe":83769}},"signInEndpoint":{"nextEndpoint":{"clickTrackingParams":"CNQCEJSsCRgBIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","showSheetCommand":{"panelLoadingStrategy":{"requestTemplate":{"panelId":"PAadd_to_playlist","params":"-gYNCgtpTmVQcGRyNUo0RQ%3D%3D"}}}}}}}}}}},{"downloadListItemViewModel":{"rendererContext":{"loggingContext":{"loggingDirectives":{"trackingParams":"CNMCENGqBRgCIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","visibility":{"types":"12"}}},"commandContext":{"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CNMCENGqBRgCIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","offlineVideoEndpoint":{"videoId":"iNePpdr5J4E","onAddCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CNMCENGqBRgCIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","getDownloadActionCommand":{"videoId":"iNePpdr5J4E","params":"CAIQAA%3D%3D","isCrossDeviceDownload":false}}}}}}}}},{"listItemViewModel":{"title":{"content":"Share"},"leadingImage":{"sources":[{"clientResource":{"imageName":"SHARE"}}]},"rendererContext":{"commandContext":{"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CNECEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/share/get_share_panel"}},"shareEntityServiceEndpoint":{"serializedShareEntity":"CgtpTmVQcGRyNUo0RQ%3D%3D","commands":[{"clickTrackingParams":"CNECEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","openPopupAction":{"popup":{"unifiedSharePanelRenderer":{"trackingParams":"CNICEI5iIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","showLoadingSpinner":true}},"popupType":"DIALOG","beReused":true}}]}}}}}}}]}}}}}}}},"accessibilityText":"More actions","style":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STYLE_MONO","trackingParams":"CNECEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","type":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_TYPE_TEXT","buttonSize":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_SIZE_DEFAULT","state":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STATE_ACTIVE"}}}},"contentId":"iNePpdr5J4E","contentType":"LOCKUP_CONTENT_TYPE_VIDEO","rendererContext":{"loggingContext":{"loggingDirectives":{"trackingParams":"CNACENTEDBgGIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","visibility":{"types":"12"}}},"accessibilityContext":{"label":"Team CID के लिए Red Powder बना बड़ा सबूत! | CID | New Season | Full Episode 46 minutes"},"commandContext":{"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CNACENTEDBgGIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYMgdyZWxhdGVkSKjGo4ORgOmTzgGaAQUIARD4HcoBBNkXUCE=","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/watch?v=iNePpdr5J4E","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_WATCH","rootVe":3832}},"watchEndpoint":{"videoId":"iNePpdr5J4E","nofollow":true,"watchEndpointSupportedOnesieConfig":{"html5PlaybackOnesieConfig":{"commonConfig":{"url":"https://rr5---sn-fapo3ox25a-cq2e.googlevideo.com/initplayback?source=youtube\u0026oeis=1\u0026c=WEB\u0026oad=3200\u0026ovd=3200\u0026oaad=11000\u0026oavd=11000\u0026ocs=700\u0026oewis=1\u0026oputc=1\u0026ofpcc=1\u0026msp=1\u0026odepv=1\u0026id=88d78fa5daf92781\u0026ip=27.34.72.167\u0026initcwndbps=1480000\u0026mt=1777291542\u0026oweuc=\u0026pxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ\u0026rxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzMw%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNA%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNg"}}}}}}}}}},{"lockupViewModel":{"contentImage":{"thumbnailViewModel":{"image":{"sources":[{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/4FOnXh3ox1k/hqdefault.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEbCKgBEF5IVfKriqkDDggBFQAAiEIYAXABwAEG\u0026rs=AOn4CLAu-bUjXPYCWZe7G1crcH8NpPA-vQ","width":168,"height":94},{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/4FOnXh3ox1k/hqdefault.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEcCNACELwBSFXyq4qpAw4IARUAAIhCGAFwAcABBg==\u0026rs=AOn4CLDXUtrZ3es-CMDQz4o6qaOlmMiWvg","width":336,"height":188}]},"overlays":[{"thumbnailBottomOverlayViewModel":{"badges":[{"thumbnailBadgeViewModel":{"text":"1:16:53","badgeStyle":"THUMBNAIL_OVERLAY_BADGE_STYLE_DEFAULT","animationActivationTargetId":"4FOnXh3ox1k","animationActivationEntityKey":"Eh8veW91dHViZS9hcHAvd2F0Y2gvcGxheWVyX3N0YXRlIMMCKAE%3D","lottieData":{"url":"https://www.gstatic.com/youtube/img/lottie/audio_indicator/audio_indicator_v2.json","settings":{"loop":true,"autoplay":true}},"animatedText":"Now playing","animationActivationEntitySelectorType":"THUMBNAIL_BADGE_ANIMATION_ENTITY_SELECTOR_TYPE_PLAYER_STATE","rendererContext":{"accessibilityContext":{"label":"1 hour, 16 minutes, 53 seconds"}}}}]}},{"animatedThumbnailOverlayViewModel":{"thumbnail":{"sources":[{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/an_webp/4FOnXh3ox1k/mqdefault_6s.webp?du=3000\u0026sqp=CIujvc8G\u0026rs=AOn4CLACBtwQpszJfSgjPf_K1tVdXnzpyg","width":320,"height":180}]}}},{"thumbnailHoverOverlayToggleActionsViewModel":{"buttons":[{"toggleButtonViewModel":{"defaultButtonViewModel":{"buttonViewModel":{"iconName":"WATCH_LATER","onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CM8CEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/browse/edit_playlist"}},"playlistEditEndpoint":{"playlistId":"WL","actions":[{"addedVideoId":"4FOnXh3ox1k","action":"ACTION_ADD_VIDEO"}]}}},"accessibilityText":"Watch later","style":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STYLE_OVERLAY_DARK","trackingParams":"CM8CEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","type":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_TYPE_TONAL","buttonSize":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_SIZE_COMPACT","state":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STATE_ACTIVE"}},"toggledButtonViewModel":{"buttonViewModel":{"iconName":"CHECK","onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CM4CEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/browse/edit_playlist"}},"playlistEditEndpoint":{"playlistId":"WL","actions":[{"action":"ACTION_REMOVE_VIDEO_BY_VIDEO_ID","removedVideoId":"4FOnXh3ox1k"}]}}},"accessibilityText":"Added","style":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STYLE_OVERLAY_DARK","trackingParams":"CM4CEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","type":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_TYPE_TONAL","buttonSize":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_SIZE_COMPACT","state":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STATE_ACTIVE"}},"isToggled":false,"trackingParams":"CMYCENTEDBgHIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY"}},{"toggleButtonViewModel":{"defaultButtonViewModel":{"buttonViewModel":{"iconName":"ADD_TO_QUEUE_TAIL","onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CM0CEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true}},"signalServiceEndpoint":{"signal":"CLIENT_SIGNAL","actions":[{"clickTrackingParams":"CM0CEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","addToPlaylistCommand":{"openMiniplayer":false,"openListPanel":true,"videoId":"4FOnXh3ox1k","listType":"PLAYLIST_EDIT_LIST_TYPE_QUEUE","onCreateListCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CM0CEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/playlist/create"}},"createPlaylistServiceEndpoint":{"videoIds":["4FOnXh3ox1k"],"params":"CAQ%3D"}},"videoIds":["4FOnXh3ox1k"],"videoCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CM0CEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/watch?v=4FOnXh3ox1k\u0026pp=0gcJCZkAKgI3ePta","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_WATCH","rootVe":3832}},"watchEndpoint":{"videoId":"4FOnXh3ox1k","playerParams":"0gcJCZkAKgI3ePta","watchEndpointSupportedOnesieConfig":{"html5PlaybackOnesieConfig":{"commonConfig":{"url":"https://rr3---sn-fapo3ox25a-cq2e.googlevideo.com/initplayback?source=youtube\u0026oeis=1\u0026c=WEB\u0026oad=3200\u0026ovd=3200\u0026oaad=11000\u0026oavd=11000\u0026ocs=700\u0026oewis=1\u0026oputc=1\u0026ofpcc=1\u0026msp=1\u0026odepv=1\u0026id=e053a75e1de8c759\u0026ip=27.34.72.167\u0026initcwndbps=1480000\u0026mt=1777291542\u0026oweuc=\u0026pxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ\u0026rxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzMw%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNA%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNg"}}}}}}}]}}},"accessibilityText":"Add to queue","style":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STYLE_OVERLAY_DARK","trackingParams":"CM0CEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","type":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_TYPE_TONAL","buttonSize":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_SIZE_COMPACT","state":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STATE_ACTIVE"}},"toggledButtonViewModel":{"buttonViewModel":{"iconName":"CHECK","accessibilityText":"Added","style":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STYLE_OVERLAY_DARK","trackingParams":"CMwCEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","type":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_TYPE_TONAL","buttonSize":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_SIZE_COMPACT","state":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STATE_ACTIVE"}},"isToggled":false,"trackingParams":"CMYCENTEDBgHIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY"}}]}}]}},"metadata":{"lockupMetadataViewModel":{"title":{"content":"यिनीहरुको बिजोग भए बालेनको राजनीति समाप्त। विष्णु र प्रदीपको विगतको कर्म। हर्कले भने–‘ढेडुमुखे’"},"image":{"decoratedAvatarViewModel":{"avatar":{"avatarViewModel":{"image":{"sources":[{"url":"https://yt3.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_lztPx6t0r9U3bHrI2lC6T3D-r42VpXNxcVTmE3w6Igof0=s68-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj","width":68,"height":68}]},"avatarImageSize":"AVATAR_SIZE_M"}},"a11yLabel":"Go to channel News24 Nepal","rendererContext":{"commandContext":{"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CMYCENTEDBgHIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/@news24tvchannel","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_CHANNEL","rootVe":3611,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/browse"}},"browseEndpoint":{"browseId":"UCjG2HX7jfwqIjzTlaF1CPGA","canonicalBaseUrl":"/@news24tvchannel"}}}}}}},"metadata":{"contentMetadataViewModel":{"metadataRows":[{"metadataParts":[{"text":{"content":"News24 Nepal","styleRuns":[{"startIndex":12,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4289374890},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4284506208}]}}}],"attachmentRuns":[{"startIndex":12,"length":0,"element":{"type":{"imageType":{"image":{"sources":[{"clientResource":{"imageName":"CHECK_CIRCLE_FILLED"},"width":14,"height":14}]}}},"properties":{"layoutProperties":{"height":{"value":14,"unit":"DIMENSION_UNIT_POINT"},"width":{"value":14,"unit":"DIMENSION_UNIT_POINT"},"margin":{"left":{"value":4,"unit":"DIMENSION_UNIT_POINT"}}}}},"alignment":"ALIGNMENT_VERTICAL_CENTER"}]}}]},{"metadataParts":[{"text":{"content":"244K views"}},{"text":{"content":"18 hours ago"}}]},{"badges":[{"badgeViewModel":{"badgeText":"New","badgeStyle":"BADGE_DEFAULT","trackingParams":"CMYCENTEDBgHIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY"}}]}],"delimiter":" • "}},"menuButton":{"buttonViewModel":{"iconName":"MORE_VERT","onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CMcCEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","showSheetCommand":{"panelLoadingStrategy":{"inlineContent":{"sheetViewModel":{"content":{"listViewModel":{"listItems":[{"listItemViewModel":{"title":{"content":"Add to queue"},"leadingImage":{"sources":[{"clientResource":{"imageName":"ADD_TO_QUEUE_TAIL"}}]},"rendererContext":{"loggingContext":{"loggingDirectives":{"trackingParams":"CMsCEP6YBBgAIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","visibility":{"types":"12"}}},"commandContext":{"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CMsCEP6YBBgAIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true}},"signalServiceEndpoint":{"signal":"CLIENT_SIGNAL","actions":[{"clickTrackingParams":"CMsCEP6YBBgAIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","addToPlaylistCommand":{"openMiniplayer":true,"videoId":"4FOnXh3ox1k","listType":"PLAYLIST_EDIT_LIST_TYPE_QUEUE","onCreateListCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CMsCEP6YBBgAIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/playlist/create"}},"createPlaylistServiceEndpoint":{"videoIds":["4FOnXh3ox1k"],"params":"CAQ%3D"}},"videoIds":["4FOnXh3ox1k"],"videoCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CMsCEP6YBBgAIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/watch?v=4FOnXh3ox1k","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_WATCH","rootVe":3832}},"watchEndpoint":{"videoId":"4FOnXh3ox1k","watchEndpointSupportedOnesieConfig":{"html5PlaybackOnesieConfig":{"commonConfig":{"url":"https://rr3---sn-fapo3ox25a-cq2e.googlevideo.com/initplayback?source=youtube\u0026oeis=1\u0026c=WEB\u0026oad=3200\u0026ovd=3200\u0026oaad=11000\u0026oavd=11000\u0026ocs=700\u0026oewis=1\u0026oputc=1\u0026ofpcc=1\u0026msp=1\u0026odepv=1\u0026id=e053a75e1de8c759\u0026ip=27.34.72.167\u0026initcwndbps=1480000\u0026mt=1777291542\u0026oweuc=\u0026pxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ\u0026rxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzMw%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNA%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNg"}}}}}}}]}}}}}}},{"listItemViewModel":{"title":{"content":"Save to playlist"},"leadingImage":{"sources":[{"clientResource":{"imageName":"BOOKMARK_BORDER"}}]},"rendererContext":{"loggingContext":{"loggingDirectives":{"trackingParams":"CMoCEJSsCRgBIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","visibility":{"types":"12"}}},"commandContext":{"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CMoCEJSsCRgBIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"https://accounts.google.com/ServiceLogin?service=youtube\u0026uilel=3\u0026passive=true\u0026continue=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.youtube.com%2Fsignin%3Faction_handle_signin%3Dtrue%26app%3Ddesktop%26hl%3Den\u0026hl=en","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_UNKNOWN","rootVe":83769}},"signInEndpoint":{"nextEndpoint":{"clickTrackingParams":"CMoCEJSsCRgBIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","showSheetCommand":{"panelLoadingStrategy":{"requestTemplate":{"panelId":"PAadd_to_playlist","params":"-gYNCgs0Rk9uWGgzb3gxaw%3D%3D"}}}}}}}}}}},{"downloadListItemViewModel":{"rendererContext":{"loggingContext":{"loggingDirectives":{"trackingParams":"CMkCENGqBRgCIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","visibility":{"types":"12"}}},"commandContext":{"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CMkCENGqBRgCIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","offlineVideoEndpoint":{"videoId":"4FOnXh3ox1k","onAddCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CMkCENGqBRgCIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","getDownloadActionCommand":{"videoId":"4FOnXh3ox1k","params":"CAIQAA%3D%3D","isCrossDeviceDownload":false}}}}}}}}},{"listItemViewModel":{"title":{"content":"Share"},"leadingImage":{"sources":[{"clientResource":{"imageName":"SHARE"}}]},"rendererContext":{"commandContext":{"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CMcCEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/share/get_share_panel"}},"shareEntityServiceEndpoint":{"serializedShareEntity":"Cgs0Rk9uWGgzb3gxaw%3D%3D","commands":[{"clickTrackingParams":"CMcCEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","openPopupAction":{"popup":{"unifiedSharePanelRenderer":{"trackingParams":"CMgCEI5iIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","showLoadingSpinner":true}},"popupType":"DIALOG","beReused":true}}]}}}}}}}]}}}}}}}},"accessibilityText":"More actions","style":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STYLE_MONO","trackingParams":"CMcCEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","type":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_TYPE_TEXT","buttonSize":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_SIZE_DEFAULT","state":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STATE_ACTIVE"}}}},"contentId":"4FOnXh3ox1k","contentType":"LOCKUP_CONTENT_TYPE_VIDEO","rendererContext":{"loggingContext":{"loggingDirectives":{"trackingParams":"CMYCENTEDBgHIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","visibility":{"types":"12"}}},"accessibilityContext":{"label":"यिनीहरुको बिजोग भए बालेनको राजनीति समाप्त। विष्णु र प्रदीपको विगतको कर्म। हर्कले भने–‘ढेडुमुखे’ 1 hour, 16 minutes"},"commandContext":{"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CMYCENTEDBgHIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYMgdyZWxhdGVkSKjGo4ORgOmTzgGaAQUIARD4HcoBBNkXUCE=","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/watch?v=4FOnXh3ox1k","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_WATCH","rootVe":3832}},"watchEndpoint":{"videoId":"4FOnXh3ox1k","nofollow":true,"watchEndpointSupportedOnesieConfig":{"html5PlaybackOnesieConfig":{"commonConfig":{"url":"https://rr3---sn-fapo3ox25a-cq2e.googlevideo.com/initplayback?source=youtube\u0026oeis=1\u0026c=WEB\u0026oad=3200\u0026ovd=3200\u0026oaad=11000\u0026oavd=11000\u0026ocs=700\u0026oewis=1\u0026oputc=1\u0026ofpcc=1\u0026msp=1\u0026odepv=1\u0026id=e053a75e1de8c759\u0026ip=27.34.72.167\u0026initcwndbps=1480000\u0026mt=1777291542\u0026oweuc=\u0026pxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ\u0026rxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzMw%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNA%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNg"}}}}}}}}}},{"lockupViewModel":{"contentImage":{"thumbnailViewModel":{"image":{"sources":[{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/0hQ2spB9Oe4/hqdefault.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEbCKgBEF5IVfKriqkDDggBFQAAiEIYAXABwAEG\u0026rs=AOn4CLAx7djURwHKRAR2UNy9oo1XNTd3wg","width":168,"height":94},{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/0hQ2spB9Oe4/hqdefault.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEcCNACELwBSFXyq4qpAw4IARUAAIhCGAFwAcABBg==\u0026rs=AOn4CLA6ZNZaqh8iAJj1TXNCZ3HuyPY6wQ","width":336,"height":188}]},"overlays":[{"thumbnailBottomOverlayViewModel":{"badges":[{"thumbnailBadgeViewModel":{"text":"1:19:00","badgeStyle":"THUMBNAIL_OVERLAY_BADGE_STYLE_DEFAULT","animationActivationTargetId":"0hQ2spB9Oe4","animationActivationEntityKey":"Eh8veW91dHViZS9hcHAvd2F0Y2gvcGxheWVyX3N0YXRlIMMCKAE%3D","lottieData":{"url":"https://www.gstatic.com/youtube/img/lottie/audio_indicator/audio_indicator_v2.json","settings":{"loop":true,"autoplay":true}},"animatedText":"Now playing","animationActivationEntitySelectorType":"THUMBNAIL_BADGE_ANIMATION_ENTITY_SELECTOR_TYPE_PLAYER_STATE","rendererContext":{"accessibilityContext":{"label":"1 hour, 19 minutes"}}}}]}},{"animatedThumbnailOverlayViewModel":{"thumbnail":{"sources":[{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/an_webp/0hQ2spB9Oe4/mqdefault_6s.webp?du=3000\u0026sqp=CK6gvc8G\u0026rs=AOn4CLAyI5A0jRUbYQmh40BE7XSiPaQyFQ","width":320,"height":180}]}}},{"thumbnailHoverOverlayToggleActionsViewModel":{"buttons":[{"toggleButtonViewModel":{"defaultButtonViewModel":{"buttonViewModel":{"iconName":"WATCH_LATER","onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CMUCEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/browse/edit_playlist"}},"playlistEditEndpoint":{"playlistId":"WL","actions":[{"addedVideoId":"0hQ2spB9Oe4","action":"ACTION_ADD_VIDEO"}]}}},"accessibilityText":"Watch later","style":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STYLE_OVERLAY_DARK","trackingParams":"CMUCEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","type":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_TYPE_TONAL","buttonSize":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_SIZE_COMPACT","state":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STATE_ACTIVE"}},"toggledButtonViewModel":{"buttonViewModel":{"iconName":"CHECK","onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CMQCEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/browse/edit_playlist"}},"playlistEditEndpoint":{"playlistId":"WL","actions":[{"action":"ACTION_REMOVE_VIDEO_BY_VIDEO_ID","removedVideoId":"0hQ2spB9Oe4"}]}}},"accessibilityText":"Added","style":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STYLE_OVERLAY_DARK","trackingParams":"CMQCEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","type":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_TYPE_TONAL","buttonSize":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_SIZE_COMPACT","state":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STATE_ACTIVE"}},"isToggled":false,"trackingParams":"CLwCENTEDBgIIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY"}},{"toggleButtonViewModel":{"defaultButtonViewModel":{"buttonViewModel":{"iconName":"ADD_TO_QUEUE_TAIL","onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CMMCEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true}},"signalServiceEndpoint":{"signal":"CLIENT_SIGNAL","actions":[{"clickTrackingParams":"CMMCEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","addToPlaylistCommand":{"openMiniplayer":false,"openListPanel":true,"videoId":"0hQ2spB9Oe4","listType":"PLAYLIST_EDIT_LIST_TYPE_QUEUE","onCreateListCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CMMCEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/playlist/create"}},"createPlaylistServiceEndpoint":{"videoIds":["0hQ2spB9Oe4"],"params":"CAQ%3D"}},"videoIds":["0hQ2spB9Oe4"],"videoCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CMMCEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/watch?v=0hQ2spB9Oe4","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_WATCH","rootVe":3832}},"watchEndpoint":{"videoId":"0hQ2spB9Oe4","watchEndpointSupportedOnesieConfig":{"html5PlaybackOnesieConfig":{"commonConfig":{"url":"https://rr3---sn-fapo3ox25a-cq2l.googlevideo.com/initplayback?source=youtube\u0026oeis=1\u0026c=WEB\u0026oad=3200\u0026ovd=3200\u0026oaad=11000\u0026oavd=11000\u0026ocs=700\u0026oewis=1\u0026oputc=1\u0026ofpcc=1\u0026msp=1\u0026odepv=1\u0026id=d21436b2907d39ee\u0026ip=27.34.72.167\u0026initcwndbps=1372500\u0026mt=1777291542\u0026oweuc=\u0026pxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ\u0026rxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzMw%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNA%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNg"}}}}}}}]}}},"accessibilityText":"Add to queue","style":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STYLE_OVERLAY_DARK","trackingParams":"CMMCEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","type":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_TYPE_TONAL","buttonSize":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_SIZE_COMPACT","state":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STATE_ACTIVE"}},"toggledButtonViewModel":{"buttonViewModel":{"iconName":"CHECK","accessibilityText":"Added","style":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STYLE_OVERLAY_DARK","trackingParams":"CMICEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","type":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_TYPE_TONAL","buttonSize":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_SIZE_COMPACT","state":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STATE_ACTIVE"}},"isToggled":false,"trackingParams":"CLwCENTEDBgIIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY"}}]}}]}},"metadata":{"lockupMetadataViewModel":{"title":{"content":"Today news 🔴 nepali news | aaja ka mukhya samachar, nepali samachar live | Baishak 14 gate 2083."},"image":{"decoratedAvatarViewModel":{"avatar":{"avatarViewModel":{"image":{"sources":[{"url":"https://yt3.ggpht.com/Mvmz28JFBmhh63V1z0w0k-XJAciFEYkNo7X3hkgMMXDN2D6fqKU-SpuenXBtFTkZKK5ej3Se0xA=s68-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj","width":68,"height":68}]},"avatarImageSize":"AVATAR_SIZE_M"}},"a11yLabel":"Go to channel samacharpati","rendererContext":{"commandContext":{"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CLwCENTEDBgIIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/@samacharpati","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_CHANNEL","rootVe":3611,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/browse"}},"browseEndpoint":{"browseId":"UC09hwXZEtHcScFWebDsj7cA","canonicalBaseUrl":"/@samacharpati"}}}}}}},"metadata":{"contentMetadataViewModel":{"metadataRows":[{"metadataParts":[{"text":{"content":"samacharpati","styleRuns":[{"startIndex":12,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4289374890},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4284506208}]}}}],"attachmentRuns":[{"startIndex":12,"length":0,"element":{"type":{"imageType":{"image":{"sources":[{"clientResource":{"imageName":"CHECK_CIRCLE_FILLED"},"width":14,"height":14}]}}},"properties":{"layoutProperties":{"height":{"value":14,"unit":"DIMENSION_UNIT_POINT"},"width":{"value":14,"unit":"DIMENSION_UNIT_POINT"},"margin":{"left":{"value":4,"unit":"DIMENSION_UNIT_POINT"}}}}},"alignment":"ALIGNMENT_VERTICAL_CENTER"}]}}]},{"metadataParts":[{"text":{"content":"225K views"}},{"text":{"content":"12 hours ago"}}]},{"badges":[{"badgeViewModel":{"badgeText":"New","badgeStyle":"BADGE_DEFAULT","trackingParams":"CLwCENTEDBgIIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY"}}]}],"delimiter":" • "}},"menuButton":{"buttonViewModel":{"iconName":"MORE_VERT","onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CL0CEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","showSheetCommand":{"panelLoadingStrategy":{"inlineContent":{"sheetViewModel":{"content":{"listViewModel":{"listItems":[{"listItemViewModel":{"title":{"content":"Add to queue"},"leadingImage":{"sources":[{"clientResource":{"imageName":"ADD_TO_QUEUE_TAIL"}}]},"rendererContext":{"loggingContext":{"loggingDirectives":{"trackingParams":"CMECEP6YBBgAIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","visibility":{"types":"12"}}},"commandContext":{"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CMECEP6YBBgAIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true}},"signalServiceEndpoint":{"signal":"CLIENT_SIGNAL","actions":[{"clickTrackingParams":"CMECEP6YBBgAIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","addToPlaylistCommand":{"openMiniplayer":true,"videoId":"0hQ2spB9Oe4","listType":"PLAYLIST_EDIT_LIST_TYPE_QUEUE","onCreateListCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CMECEP6YBBgAIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/playlist/create"}},"createPlaylistServiceEndpoint":{"videoIds":["0hQ2spB9Oe4"],"params":"CAQ%3D"}},"videoIds":["0hQ2spB9Oe4"],"videoCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CMECEP6YBBgAIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/watch?v=0hQ2spB9Oe4\u0026pp=0gcJCV8Fdf6zKzOD","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_WATCH","rootVe":3832}},"watchEndpoint":{"videoId":"0hQ2spB9Oe4","playerParams":"0gcJCV8Fdf6zKzOD","watchEndpointSupportedOnesieConfig":{"html5PlaybackOnesieConfig":{"commonConfig":{"url":"https://rr3---sn-fapo3ox25a-cq2l.googlevideo.com/initplayback?source=youtube\u0026oeis=1\u0026c=WEB\u0026oad=3200\u0026ovd=3200\u0026oaad=11000\u0026oavd=11000\u0026ocs=700\u0026oewis=1\u0026oputc=1\u0026ofpcc=1\u0026msp=1\u0026odepv=1\u0026id=d21436b2907d39ee\u0026ip=27.34.72.167\u0026initcwndbps=1372500\u0026mt=1777291542\u0026oweuc=\u0026pxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ\u0026rxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzMw%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNA%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNg"}}}}}}}]}}}}}}},{"listItemViewModel":{"title":{"content":"Save to playlist"},"leadingImage":{"sources":[{"clientResource":{"imageName":"BOOKMARK_BORDER"}}]},"rendererContext":{"loggingContext":{"loggingDirectives":{"trackingParams":"CMACEJSsCRgBIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","visibility":{"types":"12"}}},"commandContext":{"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CMACEJSsCRgBIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"https://accounts.google.com/ServiceLogin?service=youtube\u0026uilel=3\u0026passive=true\u0026continue=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.youtube.com%2Fsignin%3Faction_handle_signin%3Dtrue%26app%3Ddesktop%26hl%3Den\u0026hl=en","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_UNKNOWN","rootVe":83769}},"signInEndpoint":{"nextEndpoint":{"clickTrackingParams":"CMACEJSsCRgBIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","showSheetCommand":{"panelLoadingStrategy":{"requestTemplate":{"panelId":"PAadd_to_playlist","params":"-gYNCgswaFEyc3BCOU9lNA%3D%3D"}}}}}}}}}}},{"downloadListItemViewModel":{"rendererContext":{"loggingContext":{"loggingDirectives":{"trackingParams":"CL8CENGqBRgCIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","visibility":{"types":"12"}}},"commandContext":{"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CL8CENGqBRgCIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","offlineVideoEndpoint":{"videoId":"0hQ2spB9Oe4","onAddCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CL8CENGqBRgCIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","getDownloadActionCommand":{"videoId":"0hQ2spB9Oe4","params":"CAIQAA%3D%3D","isCrossDeviceDownload":false}}}}}}}}},{"listItemViewModel":{"title":{"content":"Share"},"leadingImage":{"sources":[{"clientResource":{"imageName":"SHARE"}}]},"rendererContext":{"commandContext":{"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CL0CEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/share/get_share_panel"}},"shareEntityServiceEndpoint":{"serializedShareEntity":"CgswaFEyc3BCOU9lNA%3D%3D","commands":[{"clickTrackingParams":"CL0CEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","openPopupAction":{"popup":{"unifiedSharePanelRenderer":{"trackingParams":"CL4CEI5iIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","showLoadingSpinner":true}},"popupType":"DIALOG","beReused":true}}]}}}}}}}]}}}}}}}},"accessibilityText":"More actions","style":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STYLE_MONO","trackingParams":"CL0CEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","type":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_TYPE_TEXT","buttonSize":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_SIZE_DEFAULT","state":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STATE_ACTIVE"}}}},"contentId":"0hQ2spB9Oe4","contentType":"LOCKUP_CONTENT_TYPE_VIDEO","rendererContext":{"loggingContext":{"loggingDirectives":{"trackingParams":"CLwCENTEDBgIIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","visibility":{"types":"12"}}},"accessibilityContext":{"label":"Today news 🔴 nepali news | aaja ka mukhya samachar, nepali samachar live | Baishak 14 gate 2083. 1 hour, 19 minutes"},"commandContext":{"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CLwCENTEDBgIIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYMgdyZWxhdGVkSKjGo4ORgOmTzgGaAQUIARD4HcoBBNkXUCE=","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/watch?v=0hQ2spB9Oe4","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_WATCH","rootVe":3832}},"watchEndpoint":{"videoId":"0hQ2spB9Oe4","nofollow":true,"watchEndpointSupportedOnesieConfig":{"html5PlaybackOnesieConfig":{"commonConfig":{"url":"https://rr3---sn-fapo3ox25a-cq2l.googlevideo.com/initplayback?source=youtube\u0026oeis=1\u0026c=WEB\u0026oad=3200\u0026ovd=3200\u0026oaad=11000\u0026oavd=11000\u0026ocs=700\u0026oewis=1\u0026oputc=1\u0026ofpcc=1\u0026msp=1\u0026odepv=1\u0026id=d21436b2907d39ee\u0026ip=27.34.72.167\u0026initcwndbps=1372500\u0026mt=1777291542\u0026oweuc=\u0026pxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ\u0026rxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzMw%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNA%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNg"}}}}}}}}}},{"lockupViewModel":{"contentImage":{"thumbnailViewModel":{"image":{"sources":[{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/msucxdjKzkk/hqdefault.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEbCKgBEF5IVfKriqkDDggBFQAAiEIYAXABwAEG\u0026rs=AOn4CLAmmvQtrosIJXRUZ_Yjx0CSjVKUBg","width":168,"height":94},{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/msucxdjKzkk/hqdefault.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEcCNACELwBSFXyq4qpAw4IARUAAIhCGAFwAcABBg==\u0026rs=AOn4CLBV_8HiZdaARkETApgTK8xaSPnEDg","width":336,"height":188}]},"overlays":[{"thumbnailBottomOverlayViewModel":{"badges":[{"thumbnailBadgeViewModel":{"text":"21:29","badgeStyle":"THUMBNAIL_OVERLAY_BADGE_STYLE_DEFAULT","animationActivationTargetId":"msucxdjKzkk","animationActivationEntityKey":"Eh8veW91dHViZS9hcHAvd2F0Y2gvcGxheWVyX3N0YXRlIMMCKAE%3D","lottieData":{"url":"https://www.gstatic.com/youtube/img/lottie/audio_indicator/audio_indicator_v2.json","settings":{"loop":true,"autoplay":true}},"animatedText":"Now playing","animationActivationEntitySelectorType":"THUMBNAIL_BADGE_ANIMATION_ENTITY_SELECTOR_TYPE_PLAYER_STATE","rendererContext":{"accessibilityContext":{"label":"21 minutes, 29 seconds"}}}}]}},{"animatedThumbnailOverlayViewModel":{"thumbnail":{"sources":[{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/an_webp/msucxdjKzkk/mqdefault_6s.webp?du=3000\u0026sqp=COGfvc8G\u0026rs=AOn4CLB1H5BjmJy4gQEabRACrxPjT5z6pw","width":320,"height":180}]}}},{"thumbnailHoverOverlayToggleActionsViewModel":{"buttons":[{"toggleButtonViewModel":{"defaultButtonViewModel":{"buttonViewModel":{"iconName":"WATCH_LATER","onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CLsCEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/browse/edit_playlist"}},"playlistEditEndpoint":{"playlistId":"WL","actions":[{"addedVideoId":"msucxdjKzkk","action":"ACTION_ADD_VIDEO"}]}}},"accessibilityText":"Watch later","style":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STYLE_OVERLAY_DARK","trackingParams":"CLsCEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","type":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_TYPE_TONAL","buttonSize":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_SIZE_COMPACT","state":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STATE_ACTIVE"}},"toggledButtonViewModel":{"buttonViewModel":{"iconName":"CHECK","onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CLoCEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/browse/edit_playlist"}},"playlistEditEndpoint":{"playlistId":"WL","actions":[{"action":"ACTION_REMOVE_VIDEO_BY_VIDEO_ID","removedVideoId":"msucxdjKzkk"}]}}},"accessibilityText":"Added","style":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STYLE_OVERLAY_DARK","trackingParams":"CLoCEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","type":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_TYPE_TONAL","buttonSize":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_SIZE_COMPACT","state":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STATE_ACTIVE"}},"isToggled":false,"trackingParams":"CLICENTEDBgJIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY"}},{"toggleButtonViewModel":{"defaultButtonViewModel":{"buttonViewModel":{"iconName":"ADD_TO_QUEUE_TAIL","onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CLkCEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true}},"signalServiceEndpoint":{"signal":"CLIENT_SIGNAL","actions":[{"clickTrackingParams":"CLkCEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","addToPlaylistCommand":{"openMiniplayer":false,"openListPanel":true,"videoId":"msucxdjKzkk","listType":"PLAYLIST_EDIT_LIST_TYPE_QUEUE","onCreateListCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CLkCEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/playlist/create"}},"createPlaylistServiceEndpoint":{"videoIds":["msucxdjKzkk"],"params":"CAQ%3D"}},"videoIds":["msucxdjKzkk"],"videoCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CLkCEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/watch?v=msucxdjKzkk","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_WATCH","rootVe":3832}},"watchEndpoint":{"videoId":"msucxdjKzkk","watchEndpointSupportedOnesieConfig":{"html5PlaybackOnesieConfig":{"commonConfig":{"url":"https://rr4---sn-fapo3ox25a-cq2l.googlevideo.com/initplayback?source=youtube\u0026oeis=1\u0026c=WEB\u0026oad=3200\u0026ovd=3200\u0026oaad=11000\u0026oavd=11000\u0026ocs=700\u0026oewis=1\u0026oputc=1\u0026ofpcc=1\u0026msp=1\u0026odepv=1\u0026id=9acb9cc5d8cace49\u0026ip=27.34.72.167\u0026initcwndbps=1372500\u0026mt=1777291542\u0026oweuc=\u0026pxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ\u0026rxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzMw%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNA%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNg"}}}}}}}]}}},"accessibilityText":"Add to queue","style":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STYLE_OVERLAY_DARK","trackingParams":"CLkCEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","type":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_TYPE_TONAL","buttonSize":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_SIZE_COMPACT","state":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STATE_ACTIVE"}},"toggledButtonViewModel":{"buttonViewModel":{"iconName":"CHECK","accessibilityText":"Added","style":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STYLE_OVERLAY_DARK","trackingParams":"CLgCEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","type":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_TYPE_TONAL","buttonSize":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_SIZE_COMPACT","state":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STATE_ACTIVE"}},"isToggled":false,"trackingParams":"CLICENTEDBgJIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY"}}]}}]}},"metadata":{"lockupMetadataViewModel":{"title":{"content":"DREAM COME TRUE 😍 VISITING HONGYADONG || crash test of deepal 😨"},"image":{"decoratedAvatarViewModel":{"avatar":{"avatarViewModel":{"image":{"sources":[{"url":"https://yt3.ggpht.com/9m5l7hDgQDxCVM35v304LoLrscAzBXLaJRkSViw_6b9vUzCa2uSAgHsK7juyYbwqeZAWcrl0=s68-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj","width":68,"height":68}]},"avatarImageSize":"AVATAR_SIZE_M"}},"a11yLabel":"Go to channel SURAKSHYA KC OFFICIAL","rendererContext":{"commandContext":{"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CLICENTEDBgJIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/@SURAKSHYAKCOFFICIAL","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_CHANNEL","rootVe":3611,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/browse"}},"browseEndpoint":{"browseId":"UCmK0Iu33R5NqUYyhy4SHKpQ","canonicalBaseUrl":"/@SURAKSHYAKCOFFICIAL"}}}}}}},"metadata":{"contentMetadataViewModel":{"metadataRows":[{"metadataParts":[{"text":{"content":"SURAKSHYA KC OFFICIAL","styleRuns":[{"startIndex":21,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4289374890},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4284506208}]}}}],"attachmentRuns":[{"startIndex":21,"length":0,"element":{"type":{"imageType":{"image":{"sources":[{"clientResource":{"imageName":"CHECK_CIRCLE_FILLED"},"width":14,"height":14}]}}},"properties":{"layoutProperties":{"height":{"value":14,"unit":"DIMENSION_UNIT_POINT"},"width":{"value":14,"unit":"DIMENSION_UNIT_POINT"},"margin":{"left":{"value":4,"unit":"DIMENSION_UNIT_POINT"}}}}},"alignment":"ALIGNMENT_VERTICAL_CENTER"}]}}]},{"metadataParts":[{"text":{"content":"23K views"}},{"text":{"content":"2 hours ago"}}]},{"badges":[{"badgeViewModel":{"badgeText":"New","badgeStyle":"BADGE_DEFAULT","trackingParams":"CLICENTEDBgJIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY"}}]}],"delimiter":" • "}},"menuButton":{"buttonViewModel":{"iconName":"MORE_VERT","onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CLMCEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","showSheetCommand":{"panelLoadingStrategy":{"inlineContent":{"sheetViewModel":{"content":{"listViewModel":{"listItems":[{"listItemViewModel":{"title":{"content":"Add to queue"},"leadingImage":{"sources":[{"clientResource":{"imageName":"ADD_TO_QUEUE_TAIL"}}]},"rendererContext":{"loggingContext":{"loggingDirectives":{"trackingParams":"CLcCEP6YBBgAIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","visibility":{"types":"12"}}},"commandContext":{"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CLcCEP6YBBgAIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true}},"signalServiceEndpoint":{"signal":"CLIENT_SIGNAL","actions":[{"clickTrackingParams":"CLcCEP6YBBgAIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","addToPlaylistCommand":{"openMiniplayer":true,"videoId":"msucxdjKzkk","listType":"PLAYLIST_EDIT_LIST_TYPE_QUEUE","onCreateListCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CLcCEP6YBBgAIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/playlist/create"}},"createPlaylistServiceEndpoint":{"videoIds":["msucxdjKzkk"],"params":"CAQ%3D"}},"videoIds":["msucxdjKzkk"],"videoCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CLcCEP6YBBgAIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/watch?v=msucxdjKzkk\u0026pp=0gcJCV8Fdf6zKzOD","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_WATCH","rootVe":3832}},"watchEndpoint":{"videoId":"msucxdjKzkk","playerParams":"0gcJCV8Fdf6zKzOD","watchEndpointSupportedOnesieConfig":{"html5PlaybackOnesieConfig":{"commonConfig":{"url":"https://rr4---sn-fapo3ox25a-cq2l.googlevideo.com/initplayback?source=youtube\u0026oeis=1\u0026c=WEB\u0026oad=3200\u0026ovd=3200\u0026oaad=11000\u0026oavd=11000\u0026ocs=700\u0026oewis=1\u0026oputc=1\u0026ofpcc=1\u0026msp=1\u0026odepv=1\u0026id=9acb9cc5d8cace49\u0026ip=27.34.72.167\u0026initcwndbps=1372500\u0026mt=1777291542\u0026oweuc=\u0026pxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ\u0026rxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzMw%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNA%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNg"}}}}}}}]}}}}}}},{"listItemViewModel":{"title":{"content":"Save to playlist"},"leadingImage":{"sources":[{"clientResource":{"imageName":"BOOKMARK_BORDER"}}]},"rendererContext":{"loggingContext":{"loggingDirectives":{"trackingParams":"CLYCEJSsCRgBIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","visibility":{"types":"12"}}},"commandContext":{"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CLYCEJSsCRgBIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"https://accounts.google.com/ServiceLogin?service=youtube\u0026uilel=3\u0026passive=true\u0026continue=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.youtube.com%2Fsignin%3Faction_handle_signin%3Dtrue%26app%3Ddesktop%26hl%3Den\u0026hl=en","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_UNKNOWN","rootVe":83769}},"signInEndpoint":{"nextEndpoint":{"clickTrackingParams":"CLYCEJSsCRgBIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","showSheetCommand":{"panelLoadingStrategy":{"requestTemplate":{"panelId":"PAadd_to_playlist","params":"-gYNCgttc3VjeGRqS3praw%3D%3D"}}}}}}}}}}},{"downloadListItemViewModel":{"rendererContext":{"loggingContext":{"loggingDirectives":{"trackingParams":"CLUCENGqBRgCIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","visibility":{"types":"12"}}},"commandContext":{"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CLUCENGqBRgCIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","offlineVideoEndpoint":{"videoId":"msucxdjKzkk","onAddCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CLUCENGqBRgCIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","getDownloadActionCommand":{"videoId":"msucxdjKzkk","params":"CAIQAA%3D%3D","isCrossDeviceDownload":false}}}}}}}}},{"listItemViewModel":{"title":{"content":"Share"},"leadingImage":{"sources":[{"clientResource":{"imageName":"SHARE"}}]},"rendererContext":{"commandContext":{"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CLMCEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/share/get_share_panel"}},"shareEntityServiceEndpoint":{"serializedShareEntity":"Cgttc3VjeGRqS3praw%3D%3D","commands":[{"clickTrackingParams":"CLMCEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","openPopupAction":{"popup":{"unifiedSharePanelRenderer":{"trackingParams":"CLQCEI5iIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","showLoadingSpinner":true}},"popupType":"DIALOG","beReused":true}}]}}}}}}}]}}}}}}}},"accessibilityText":"More actions","style":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STYLE_MONO","trackingParams":"CLMCEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","type":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_TYPE_TEXT","buttonSize":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_SIZE_DEFAULT","state":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STATE_ACTIVE"}}}},"contentId":"msucxdjKzkk","contentType":"LOCKUP_CONTENT_TYPE_VIDEO","rendererContext":{"loggingContext":{"loggingDirectives":{"trackingParams":"CLICENTEDBgJIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","visibility":{"types":"12"}}},"accessibilityContext":{"label":"DREAM COME TRUE 😍 VISITING HONGYADONG || crash test of deepal 😨 21 minutes"},"commandContext":{"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CLICENTEDBgJIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYMgdyZWxhdGVkSKjGo4ORgOmTzgGaAQUIARD4HcoBBNkXUCE=","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/watch?v=msucxdjKzkk","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_WATCH","rootVe":3832}},"watchEndpoint":{"videoId":"msucxdjKzkk","nofollow":true,"watchEndpointSupportedOnesieConfig":{"html5PlaybackOnesieConfig":{"commonConfig":{"url":"https://rr4---sn-fapo3ox25a-cq2l.googlevideo.com/initplayback?source=youtube\u0026oeis=1\u0026c=WEB\u0026oad=3200\u0026ovd=3200\u0026oaad=11000\u0026oavd=11000\u0026ocs=700\u0026oewis=1\u0026oputc=1\u0026ofpcc=1\u0026msp=1\u0026odepv=1\u0026id=9acb9cc5d8cace49\u0026ip=27.34.72.167\u0026initcwndbps=1372500\u0026mt=1777291542\u0026oweuc=\u0026pxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ\u0026rxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzMw%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNA%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNg"}}}}}}}}}},{"lockupViewModel":{"contentImage":{"thumbnailViewModel":{"image":{"sources":[{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/JKOd52qAulY/hqdefault.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEbCKgBEF5IVfKriqkDDggBFQAAiEIYAXABwAEG\u0026rs=AOn4CLBytVrrgmqqOdto3y70t4tPNR84TQ","width":168,"height":94},{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/JKOd52qAulY/hqdefault.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEcCNACELwBSFXyq4qpAw4IARUAAIhCGAFwAcABBg==\u0026rs=AOn4CLB1_UjqYuhh9j0u3z3WtUN91QNLpw","width":336,"height":188}]},"overlays":[{"thumbnailBottomOverlayViewModel":{"badges":[{"thumbnailBadgeViewModel":{"text":"7:36","badgeStyle":"THUMBNAIL_OVERLAY_BADGE_STYLE_DEFAULT","animationActivationTargetId":"JKOd52qAulY","animationActivationEntityKey":"Eh8veW91dHViZS9hcHAvd2F0Y2gvcGxheWVyX3N0YXRlIMMCKAE%3D","lottieData":{"url":"https://www.gstatic.com/youtube/img/lottie/audio_indicator/audio_indicator_v2.json","settings":{"loop":true,"autoplay":true}},"animatedText":"Now playing","animationActivationEntitySelectorType":"THUMBNAIL_BADGE_ANIMATION_ENTITY_SELECTOR_TYPE_PLAYER_STATE","rendererContext":{"accessibilityContext":{"label":"7 minutes, 36 seconds"}}}}]}},{"animatedThumbnailOverlayViewModel":{"thumbnail":{"sources":[{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/an_webp/JKOd52qAulY/mqdefault_6s.webp?du=3000\u0026sqp=CMKlvc8G\u0026rs=AOn4CLDcplmtN6bsFmYRgEDJjnkNeZzecg","width":320,"height":180}]}}},{"thumbnailHoverOverlayToggleActionsViewModel":{"buttons":[{"toggleButtonViewModel":{"defaultButtonViewModel":{"buttonViewModel":{"iconName":"WATCH_LATER","onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CLECEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/browse/edit_playlist"}},"playlistEditEndpoint":{"playlistId":"WL","actions":[{"addedVideoId":"JKOd52qAulY","action":"ACTION_ADD_VIDEO"}]}}},"accessibilityText":"Watch later","style":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STYLE_OVERLAY_DARK","trackingParams":"CLECEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","type":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_TYPE_TONAL","buttonSize":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_SIZE_COMPACT","state":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STATE_ACTIVE"}},"toggledButtonViewModel":{"buttonViewModel":{"iconName":"CHECK","onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CLACEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/browse/edit_playlist"}},"playlistEditEndpoint":{"playlistId":"WL","actions":[{"action":"ACTION_REMOVE_VIDEO_BY_VIDEO_ID","removedVideoId":"JKOd52qAulY"}]}}},"accessibilityText":"Added","style":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STYLE_OVERLAY_DARK","trackingParams":"CLACEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","type":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_TYPE_TONAL","buttonSize":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_SIZE_COMPACT","state":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STATE_ACTIVE"}},"isToggled":false,"trackingParams":"CKgCENTEDBgKIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY"}},{"toggleButtonViewModel":{"defaultButtonViewModel":{"buttonViewModel":{"iconName":"ADD_TO_QUEUE_TAIL","onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CK8CEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true}},"signalServiceEndpoint":{"signal":"CLIENT_SIGNAL","actions":[{"clickTrackingParams":"CK8CEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","addToPlaylistCommand":{"openMiniplayer":false,"openListPanel":true,"videoId":"JKOd52qAulY","listType":"PLAYLIST_EDIT_LIST_TYPE_QUEUE","onCreateListCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CK8CEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/playlist/create"}},"createPlaylistServiceEndpoint":{"videoIds":["JKOd52qAulY"],"params":"CAQ%3D"}},"videoIds":["JKOd52qAulY"],"videoCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CK8CEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/watch?v=JKOd52qAulY","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_WATCH","rootVe":3832}},"watchEndpoint":{"videoId":"JKOd52qAulY","watchEndpointSupportedOnesieConfig":{"html5PlaybackOnesieConfig":{"commonConfig":{"url":"https://rr2---sn-fapo3ox25a-cq2l.googlevideo.com/initplayback?source=youtube\u0026oeis=1\u0026c=WEB\u0026oad=3200\u0026ovd=3200\u0026oaad=11000\u0026oavd=11000\u0026ocs=700\u0026oewis=1\u0026oputc=1\u0026ofpcc=1\u0026msp=1\u0026odepv=1\u0026id=24a39de76a80ba56\u0026ip=27.34.72.167\u0026initcwndbps=1372500\u0026mt=1777291542\u0026oweuc=\u0026pxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ\u0026rxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzMw%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNA%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNg"}}}}}}}]}}},"accessibilityText":"Add to queue","style":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STYLE_OVERLAY_DARK","trackingParams":"CK8CEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","type":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_TYPE_TONAL","buttonSize":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_SIZE_COMPACT","state":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STATE_ACTIVE"}},"toggledButtonViewModel":{"buttonViewModel":{"iconName":"CHECK","accessibilityText":"Added","style":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STYLE_OVERLAY_DARK","trackingParams":"CK4CEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","type":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_TYPE_TONAL","buttonSize":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_SIZE_COMPACT","state":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STATE_ACTIVE"}},"isToggled":false,"trackingParams":"CKgCENTEDBgKIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY"}}]}}]}},"metadata":{"lockupMetadataViewModel":{"title":{"content":"COMEDY NIGHT WITH CHAMPIONS | Episode 54 Trailer || Bijay Baral, Barsha Raut, Ram Kr. Dhakal, Mexam"},"image":{"decoratedAvatarViewModel":{"avatar":{"avatarViewModel":{"image":{"sources":[{"url":"https://yt3.ggpht.com/moqUlQBJrPkiSU313vXOh0THaYr8MmXH8FOdmYYOBfVrdK-7ZmHHfJ4c4wL4zZAJuSHFOme67kI=s68-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj","width":68,"height":68}]},"avatarImageSize":"AVATAR_SIZE_M"}},"a11yLabel":"Go to channel OSR Reality","rendererContext":{"commandContext":{"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CKgCENTEDBgKIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/@OSRReality","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_CHANNEL","rootVe":3611,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/browse"}},"browseEndpoint":{"browseId":"UCNU2Xe6kr6OJDxWGDXa66gQ","canonicalBaseUrl":"/@OSRReality"}}}}}}},"metadata":{"contentMetadataViewModel":{"metadataRows":[{"metadataParts":[{"text":{"content":"OSR Reality","styleRuns":[{"startIndex":11,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4289374890},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4284506208}]}}}],"attachmentRuns":[{"startIndex":11,"length":0,"element":{"type":{"imageType":{"image":{"sources":[{"clientResource":{"imageName":"CHECK_CIRCLE_FILLED"},"width":14,"height":14}]}}},"properties":{"layoutProperties":{"height":{"value":14,"unit":"DIMENSION_UNIT_POINT"},"width":{"value":14,"unit":"DIMENSION_UNIT_POINT"},"margin":{"left":{"value":4,"unit":"DIMENSION_UNIT_POINT"}}}}},"alignment":"ALIGNMENT_VERTICAL_CENTER"}]}}]},{"metadataParts":[{"text":{"content":"118K views"}},{"text":{"content":"22 hours ago"}}]},{"badges":[{"badgeViewModel":{"badgeText":"New","badgeStyle":"BADGE_DEFAULT","trackingParams":"CKgCENTEDBgKIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY"}}]}],"delimiter":" • "}},"menuButton":{"buttonViewModel":{"iconName":"MORE_VERT","onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CKkCEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","showSheetCommand":{"panelLoadingStrategy":{"inlineContent":{"sheetViewModel":{"content":{"listViewModel":{"listItems":[{"listItemViewModel":{"title":{"content":"Add to queue"},"leadingImage":{"sources":[{"clientResource":{"imageName":"ADD_TO_QUEUE_TAIL"}}]},"rendererContext":{"loggingContext":{"loggingDirectives":{"trackingParams":"CK0CEP6YBBgAIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","visibility":{"types":"12"}}},"commandContext":{"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CK0CEP6YBBgAIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true}},"signalServiceEndpoint":{"signal":"CLIENT_SIGNAL","actions":[{"clickTrackingParams":"CK0CEP6YBBgAIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","addToPlaylistCommand":{"openMiniplayer":true,"videoId":"JKOd52qAulY","listType":"PLAYLIST_EDIT_LIST_TYPE_QUEUE","onCreateListCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CK0CEP6YBBgAIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/playlist/create"}},"createPlaylistServiceEndpoint":{"videoIds":["JKOd52qAulY"],"params":"CAQ%3D"}},"videoIds":["JKOd52qAulY"],"videoCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CK0CEP6YBBgAIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/watch?v=JKOd52qAulY","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_WATCH","rootVe":3832}},"watchEndpoint":{"videoId":"JKOd52qAulY","watchEndpointSupportedOnesieConfig":{"html5PlaybackOnesieConfig":{"commonConfig":{"url":"https://rr2---sn-fapo3ox25a-cq2l.googlevideo.com/initplayback?source=youtube\u0026oeis=1\u0026c=WEB\u0026oad=3200\u0026ovd=3200\u0026oaad=11000\u0026oavd=11000\u0026ocs=700\u0026oewis=1\u0026oputc=1\u0026ofpcc=1\u0026msp=1\u0026odepv=1\u0026id=24a39de76a80ba56\u0026ip=27.34.72.167\u0026initcwndbps=1372500\u0026mt=1777291542\u0026oweuc=\u0026pxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ\u0026rxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzMw%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNA%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNg"}}}}}}}]}}}}}}},{"listItemViewModel":{"title":{"content":"Save to playlist"},"leadingImage":{"sources":[{"clientResource":{"imageName":"BOOKMARK_BORDER"}}]},"rendererContext":{"loggingContext":{"loggingDirectives":{"trackingParams":"CKwCEJSsCRgBIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","visibility":{"types":"12"}}},"commandContext":{"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CKwCEJSsCRgBIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"https://accounts.google.com/ServiceLogin?service=youtube\u0026uilel=3\u0026passive=true\u0026continue=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.youtube.com%2Fsignin%3Faction_handle_signin%3Dtrue%26app%3Ddesktop%26hl%3Den\u0026hl=en","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_UNKNOWN","rootVe":83769}},"signInEndpoint":{"nextEndpoint":{"clickTrackingParams":"CKwCEJSsCRgBIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","showSheetCommand":{"panelLoadingStrategy":{"requestTemplate":{"panelId":"PAadd_to_playlist","params":"-gYNCgtKS09kNTJxQXVsWQ%3D%3D"}}}}}}}}}}},{"downloadListItemViewModel":{"rendererContext":{"loggingContext":{"loggingDirectives":{"trackingParams":"CKsCENGqBRgCIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","visibility":{"types":"12"}}},"commandContext":{"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CKsCENGqBRgCIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","offlineVideoEndpoint":{"videoId":"JKOd52qAulY","onAddCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CKsCENGqBRgCIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","getDownloadActionCommand":{"videoId":"JKOd52qAulY","params":"CAIQAA%3D%3D","isCrossDeviceDownload":false}}}}}}}}},{"listItemViewModel":{"title":{"content":"Share"},"leadingImage":{"sources":[{"clientResource":{"imageName":"SHARE"}}]},"rendererContext":{"commandContext":{"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CKkCEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/share/get_share_panel"}},"shareEntityServiceEndpoint":{"serializedShareEntity":"CgtKS09kNTJxQXVsWQ%3D%3D","commands":[{"clickTrackingParams":"CKkCEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","openPopupAction":{"popup":{"unifiedSharePanelRenderer":{"trackingParams":"CKoCEI5iIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","showLoadingSpinner":true}},"popupType":"DIALOG","beReused":true}}]}}}}}}}]}}}}}}}},"accessibilityText":"More actions","style":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STYLE_MONO","trackingParams":"CKkCEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","type":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_TYPE_TEXT","buttonSize":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_SIZE_DEFAULT","state":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STATE_ACTIVE"}}}},"contentId":"JKOd52qAulY","contentType":"LOCKUP_CONTENT_TYPE_VIDEO","rendererContext":{"loggingContext":{"loggingDirectives":{"trackingParams":"CKgCENTEDBgKIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","visibility":{"types":"12"}}},"accessibilityContext":{"label":"COMEDY NIGHT WITH CHAMPIONS | Episode 54 Trailer || Bijay Baral, Barsha Raut, Ram Kr. Dhakal, Mexam 7 minutes, 36 seconds"},"commandContext":{"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CKgCENTEDBgKIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYMgdyZWxhdGVkSKjGo4ORgOmTzgGaAQUIARD4HcoBBNkXUCE=","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/watch?v=JKOd52qAulY\u0026pp=0gcJCdQKAYcqIYzv","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_WATCH","rootVe":3832}},"watchEndpoint":{"videoId":"JKOd52qAulY","playerParams":"0gcJCdQKAYcqIYzv","nofollow":true,"watchEndpointSupportedOnesieConfig":{"html5PlaybackOnesieConfig":{"commonConfig":{"url":"https://rr2---sn-fapo3ox25a-cq2l.googlevideo.com/initplayback?source=youtube\u0026oeis=1\u0026c=WEB\u0026oad=3200\u0026ovd=3200\u0026oaad=11000\u0026oavd=11000\u0026ocs=700\u0026oewis=1\u0026oputc=1\u0026ofpcc=1\u0026msp=1\u0026odepv=1\u0026id=24a39de76a80ba56\u0026ip=27.34.72.167\u0026initcwndbps=1372500\u0026mt=1777291542\u0026oweuc=\u0026pxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ\u0026rxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzMw%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNA%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNg"}}}}}}}}}},{"lockupViewModel":{"contentImage":{"thumbnailViewModel":{"image":{"sources":[{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/Y2JzBV3Epl4/hqdefault.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEbCKgBEF5IVfKriqkDDggBFQAAiEIYAXABwAEG\u0026rs=AOn4CLDZ3LyLctaLdvRrvigJqWH7A8r2iA","width":168,"height":94},{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/Y2JzBV3Epl4/hqdefault.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEcCNACELwBSFXyq4qpAw4IARUAAIhCGAFwAcABBg==\u0026rs=AOn4CLAl6kVsKmUKalypeR8JIA-Qe5ftow","width":336,"height":188}]},"overlays":[{"thumbnailBottomOverlayViewModel":{"badges":[{"thumbnailBadgeViewModel":{"text":"32:53","badgeStyle":"THUMBNAIL_OVERLAY_BADGE_STYLE_DEFAULT","animationActivationTargetId":"Y2JzBV3Epl4","animationActivationEntityKey":"Eh8veW91dHViZS9hcHAvd2F0Y2gvcGxheWVyX3N0YXRlIMMCKAE%3D","lottieData":{"url":"https://www.gstatic.com/youtube/img/lottie/audio_indicator/audio_indicator_v2.json","settings":{"loop":true,"autoplay":true}},"animatedText":"Now playing","animationActivationEntitySelectorType":"THUMBNAIL_BADGE_ANIMATION_ENTITY_SELECTOR_TYPE_PLAYER_STATE","rendererContext":{"accessibilityContext":{"label":"32 minutes, 53 seconds"}}}}]}},{"animatedThumbnailOverlayViewModel":{"thumbnail":{"sources":[{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/an_webp/Y2JzBV3Epl4/mqdefault_6s.webp?du=3000\u0026sqp=CP7lvM8G\u0026rs=AOn4CLBve6Zl2zQbeuWDPp59eIV80Kra8A","width":320,"height":180}]}}},{"thumbnailHoverOverlayToggleActionsViewModel":{"buttons":[{"toggleButtonViewModel":{"defaultButtonViewModel":{"buttonViewModel":{"iconName":"WATCH_LATER","onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CKcCEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/browse/edit_playlist"}},"playlistEditEndpoint":{"playlistId":"WL","actions":[{"addedVideoId":"Y2JzBV3Epl4","action":"ACTION_ADD_VIDEO"}]}}},"accessibilityText":"Watch later","style":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STYLE_OVERLAY_DARK","trackingParams":"CKcCEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","type":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_TYPE_TONAL","buttonSize":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_SIZE_COMPACT","state":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STATE_ACTIVE"}},"toggledButtonViewModel":{"buttonViewModel":{"iconName":"CHECK","onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CKYCEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/browse/edit_playlist"}},"playlistEditEndpoint":{"playlistId":"WL","actions":[{"action":"ACTION_REMOVE_VIDEO_BY_VIDEO_ID","removedVideoId":"Y2JzBV3Epl4"}]}}},"accessibilityText":"Added","style":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STYLE_OVERLAY_DARK","trackingParams":"CKYCEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","type":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_TYPE_TONAL","buttonSize":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_SIZE_COMPACT","state":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STATE_ACTIVE"}},"isToggled":false,"trackingParams":"CJ4CENTEDBgLIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY"}},{"toggleButtonViewModel":{"defaultButtonViewModel":{"buttonViewModel":{"iconName":"ADD_TO_QUEUE_TAIL","onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CKUCEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true}},"signalServiceEndpoint":{"signal":"CLIENT_SIGNAL","actions":[{"clickTrackingParams":"CKUCEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","addToPlaylistCommand":{"openMiniplayer":false,"openListPanel":true,"videoId":"Y2JzBV3Epl4","listType":"PLAYLIST_EDIT_LIST_TYPE_QUEUE","onCreateListCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CKUCEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/playlist/create"}},"createPlaylistServiceEndpoint":{"videoIds":["Y2JzBV3Epl4"],"params":"CAQ%3D"}},"videoIds":["Y2JzBV3Epl4"],"videoCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CKUCEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/watch?v=Y2JzBV3Epl4\u0026pp=0gcJCZkAKgI3ePta","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_WATCH","rootVe":3832}},"watchEndpoint":{"videoId":"Y2JzBV3Epl4","playerParams":"0gcJCZkAKgI3ePta","watchEndpointSupportedOnesieConfig":{"html5PlaybackOnesieConfig":{"commonConfig":{"url":"https://rr7---sn-fapo3ox25a-cq2e.googlevideo.com/initplayback?source=youtube\u0026oeis=1\u0026c=WEB\u0026oad=3200\u0026ovd=3200\u0026oaad=11000\u0026oavd=11000\u0026ocs=700\u0026oewis=1\u0026oputc=1\u0026ofpcc=1\u0026msp=1\u0026odepv=1\u0026id=636273055dc4a65e\u0026ip=27.34.72.167\u0026initcwndbps=1480000\u0026mt=1777291542\u0026oweuc=\u0026pxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ\u0026rxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzMw%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNA%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNg"}}}}}}}]}}},"accessibilityText":"Add to queue","style":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STYLE_OVERLAY_DARK","trackingParams":"CKUCEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","type":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_TYPE_TONAL","buttonSize":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_SIZE_COMPACT","state":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STATE_ACTIVE"}},"toggledButtonViewModel":{"buttonViewModel":{"iconName":"CHECK","accessibilityText":"Added","style":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STYLE_OVERLAY_DARK","trackingParams":"CKQCEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","type":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_TYPE_TONAL","buttonSize":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_SIZE_COMPACT","state":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STATE_ACTIVE"}},"isToggled":false,"trackingParams":"CJ4CENTEDBgLIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY"}}]}}]}},"metadata":{"lockupMetadataViewModel":{"title":{"content":"My Daughter Survives 6 Schools That Shouldn’t Exist"},"image":{"decoratedAvatarViewModel":{"avatar":{"avatarViewModel":{"image":{"sources":[{"url":"https://yt3.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_lDjDRPwwtga_q3VbrMyDHbpETZ28gejqUoD1Codxft3TA=s68-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj","width":68,"height":68}]},"avatarImageSize":"AVATAR_SIZE_M"}},"a11yLabel":"Go to channel Jordan Matter","rendererContext":{"commandContext":{"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CJ4CENTEDBgLIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/@jordanmatter","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_CHANNEL","rootVe":3611,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/browse"}},"browseEndpoint":{"browseId":"UCKaCalz5N5ienIbfPzEbYuA","canonicalBaseUrl":"/@jordanmatter"}}}}}}},"metadata":{"contentMetadataViewModel":{"metadataRows":[{"metadataParts":[{"text":{"content":"Jordan Matter","styleRuns":[{"startIndex":13,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4289374890},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4284506208}]}}}],"attachmentRuns":[{"startIndex":13,"length":0,"element":{"type":{"imageType":{"image":{"sources":[{"clientResource":{"imageName":"CHECK_CIRCLE_FILLED"},"width":14,"height":14}]}}},"properties":{"layoutProperties":{"height":{"value":14,"unit":"DIMENSION_UNIT_POINT"},"width":{"value":14,"unit":"DIMENSION_UNIT_POINT"},"margin":{"left":{"value":4,"unit":"DIMENSION_UNIT_POINT"}}}}},"alignment":"ALIGNMENT_VERTICAL_CENTER"}]}}]},{"metadataParts":[{"text":{"content":"5.9M views"}},{"text":{"content":"1 day ago"}}]},{"badges":[{"badgeViewModel":{"badgeText":"New","badgeStyle":"BADGE_DEFAULT","trackingParams":"CJ4CENTEDBgLIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY"}}]}],"delimiter":" • "}},"menuButton":{"buttonViewModel":{"iconName":"MORE_VERT","onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CJ8CEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","showSheetCommand":{"panelLoadingStrategy":{"inlineContent":{"sheetViewModel":{"content":{"listViewModel":{"listItems":[{"listItemViewModel":{"title":{"content":"Add to queue"},"leadingImage":{"sources":[{"clientResource":{"imageName":"ADD_TO_QUEUE_TAIL"}}]},"rendererContext":{"loggingContext":{"loggingDirectives":{"trackingParams":"CKMCEP6YBBgAIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","visibility":{"types":"12"}}},"commandContext":{"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CKMCEP6YBBgAIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true}},"signalServiceEndpoint":{"signal":"CLIENT_SIGNAL","actions":[{"clickTrackingParams":"CKMCEP6YBBgAIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","addToPlaylistCommand":{"openMiniplayer":true,"videoId":"Y2JzBV3Epl4","listType":"PLAYLIST_EDIT_LIST_TYPE_QUEUE","onCreateListCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CKMCEP6YBBgAIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/playlist/create"}},"createPlaylistServiceEndpoint":{"videoIds":["Y2JzBV3Epl4"],"params":"CAQ%3D"}},"videoIds":["Y2JzBV3Epl4"],"videoCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CKMCEP6YBBgAIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/watch?v=Y2JzBV3Epl4","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_WATCH","rootVe":3832}},"watchEndpoint":{"videoId":"Y2JzBV3Epl4","watchEndpointSupportedOnesieConfig":{"html5PlaybackOnesieConfig":{"commonConfig":{"url":"https://rr7---sn-fapo3ox25a-cq2e.googlevideo.com/initplayback?source=youtube\u0026oeis=1\u0026c=WEB\u0026oad=3200\u0026ovd=3200\u0026oaad=11000\u0026oavd=11000\u0026ocs=700\u0026oewis=1\u0026oputc=1\u0026ofpcc=1\u0026msp=1\u0026odepv=1\u0026id=636273055dc4a65e\u0026ip=27.34.72.167\u0026initcwndbps=1480000\u0026mt=1777291542\u0026oweuc=\u0026pxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ\u0026rxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzMw%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNA%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNg"}}}}}}}]}}}}}}},{"listItemViewModel":{"title":{"content":"Save to playlist"},"leadingImage":{"sources":[{"clientResource":{"imageName":"BOOKMARK_BORDER"}}]},"rendererContext":{"loggingContext":{"loggingDirectives":{"trackingParams":"CKICEJSsCRgBIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","visibility":{"types":"12"}}},"commandContext":{"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CKICEJSsCRgBIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"https://accounts.google.com/ServiceLogin?service=youtube\u0026uilel=3\u0026passive=true\u0026continue=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.youtube.com%2Fsignin%3Faction_handle_signin%3Dtrue%26app%3Ddesktop%26hl%3Den\u0026hl=en","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_UNKNOWN","rootVe":83769}},"signInEndpoint":{"nextEndpoint":{"clickTrackingParams":"CKICEJSsCRgBIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","showSheetCommand":{"panelLoadingStrategy":{"requestTemplate":{"panelId":"PAadd_to_playlist","params":"-gYNCgtZMkp6QlYzRXBsNA%3D%3D"}}}}}}}}}}},{"downloadListItemViewModel":{"rendererContext":{"loggingContext":{"loggingDirectives":{"trackingParams":"CKECENGqBRgCIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","visibility":{"types":"12"}}},"commandContext":{"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CKECENGqBRgCIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","offlineVideoEndpoint":{"videoId":"Y2JzBV3Epl4","onAddCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CKECENGqBRgCIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","getDownloadActionCommand":{"videoId":"Y2JzBV3Epl4","params":"CAIQAA%3D%3D","isCrossDeviceDownload":false}}}}}}}}},{"listItemViewModel":{"title":{"content":"Share"},"leadingImage":{"sources":[{"clientResource":{"imageName":"SHARE"}}]},"rendererContext":{"commandContext":{"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CJ8CEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/share/get_share_panel"}},"shareEntityServiceEndpoint":{"serializedShareEntity":"CgtZMkp6QlYzRXBsNA%3D%3D","commands":[{"clickTrackingParams":"CJ8CEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","openPopupAction":{"popup":{"unifiedSharePanelRenderer":{"trackingParams":"CKACEI5iIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","showLoadingSpinner":true}},"popupType":"DIALOG","beReused":true}}]}}}}}}}]}}}}}}}},"accessibilityText":"More actions","style":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STYLE_MONO","trackingParams":"CJ8CEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","type":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_TYPE_TEXT","buttonSize":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_SIZE_DEFAULT","state":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STATE_ACTIVE"}}}},"contentId":"Y2JzBV3Epl4","contentType":"LOCKUP_CONTENT_TYPE_VIDEO","rendererContext":{"loggingContext":{"loggingDirectives":{"trackingParams":"CJ4CENTEDBgLIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","visibility":{"types":"12"}}},"accessibilityContext":{"label":"My Daughter Survives 6 Schools That Shouldn’t Exist 32 minutes"},"commandContext":{"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CJ4CENTEDBgLIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYMgdyZWxhdGVkSKjGo4ORgOmTzgGaAQUIARD4HcoBBNkXUCE=","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/watch?v=Y2JzBV3Epl4","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_WATCH","rootVe":3832}},"watchEndpoint":{"videoId":"Y2JzBV3Epl4","nofollow":true,"watchEndpointSupportedOnesieConfig":{"html5PlaybackOnesieConfig":{"commonConfig":{"url":"https://rr7---sn-fapo3ox25a-cq2e.googlevideo.com/initplayback?source=youtube\u0026oeis=1\u0026c=WEB\u0026oad=3200\u0026ovd=3200\u0026oaad=11000\u0026oavd=11000\u0026ocs=700\u0026oewis=1\u0026oputc=1\u0026ofpcc=1\u0026msp=1\u0026odepv=1\u0026id=636273055dc4a65e\u0026ip=27.34.72.167\u0026initcwndbps=1480000\u0026mt=1777291542\u0026oweuc=\u0026pxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ\u0026rxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzMw%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNA%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNg"}}}}}}}}}},{"lockupViewModel":{"contentImage":{"thumbnailViewModel":{"image":{"sources":[{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/_13Cp9ESdVs/hqdefault.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEbCKgBEF5IVfKriqkDDggBFQAAiEIYAXABwAEG\u0026rs=AOn4CLAv958Ax6fT70-6zp9r0yxc0JT4RQ","width":168,"height":94},{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/_13Cp9ESdVs/hqdefault.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEcCNACELwBSFXyq4qpAw4IARUAAIhCGAFwAcABBg==\u0026rs=AOn4CLBVFzpf6t9M7SJwPWvz6E8Gu2Dfow","width":336,"height":188}]},"overlays":[{"thumbnailBottomOverlayViewModel":{"badges":[{"thumbnailBadgeViewModel":{"text":"20:43","badgeStyle":"THUMBNAIL_OVERLAY_BADGE_STYLE_DEFAULT","animationActivationTargetId":"_13Cp9ESdVs","animationActivationEntityKey":"Eh8veW91dHViZS9hcHAvd2F0Y2gvcGxheWVyX3N0YXRlIMMCKAE%3D","lottieData":{"url":"https://www.gstatic.com/youtube/img/lottie/audio_indicator/audio_indicator_v2.json","settings":{"loop":true,"autoplay":true}},"animatedText":"Now playing","animationActivationEntitySelectorType":"THUMBNAIL_BADGE_ANIMATION_ENTITY_SELECTOR_TYPE_PLAYER_STATE","rendererContext":{"accessibilityContext":{"label":"20 minutes, 43 seconds"}}}}]}},{"thumbnailHoverOverlayToggleActionsViewModel":{"buttons":[{"toggleButtonViewModel":{"defaultButtonViewModel":{"buttonViewModel":{"iconName":"WATCH_LATER","onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CJ0CEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/browse/edit_playlist"}},"playlistEditEndpoint":{"playlistId":"WL","actions":[{"addedVideoId":"_13Cp9ESdVs","action":"ACTION_ADD_VIDEO"}]}}},"accessibilityText":"Watch later","style":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STYLE_OVERLAY_DARK","trackingParams":"CJ0CEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","type":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_TYPE_TONAL","buttonSize":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_SIZE_COMPACT","state":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STATE_ACTIVE"}},"toggledButtonViewModel":{"buttonViewModel":{"iconName":"CHECK","onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CJwCEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/browse/edit_playlist"}},"playlistEditEndpoint":{"playlistId":"WL","actions":[{"action":"ACTION_REMOVE_VIDEO_BY_VIDEO_ID","removedVideoId":"_13Cp9ESdVs"}]}}},"accessibilityText":"Added","style":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STYLE_OVERLAY_DARK","trackingParams":"CJwCEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","type":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_TYPE_TONAL","buttonSize":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_SIZE_COMPACT","state":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STATE_ACTIVE"}},"isToggled":false,"trackingParams":"CJQCENTEDBgMIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY"}},{"toggleButtonViewModel":{"defaultButtonViewModel":{"buttonViewModel":{"iconName":"ADD_TO_QUEUE_TAIL","onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CJsCEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true}},"signalServiceEndpoint":{"signal":"CLIENT_SIGNAL","actions":[{"clickTrackingParams":"CJsCEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","addToPlaylistCommand":{"openMiniplayer":false,"openListPanel":true,"videoId":"_13Cp9ESdVs","listType":"PLAYLIST_EDIT_LIST_TYPE_QUEUE","onCreateListCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CJsCEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/playlist/create"}},"createPlaylistServiceEndpoint":{"videoIds":["_13Cp9ESdVs"],"params":"CAQ%3D"}},"videoIds":["_13Cp9ESdVs"],"videoCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CJsCEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/watch?v=_13Cp9ESdVs","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_WATCH","rootVe":3832}},"watchEndpoint":{"videoId":"_13Cp9ESdVs","watchEndpointSupportedOnesieConfig":{"html5PlaybackOnesieConfig":{"commonConfig":{"url":"https://rr2---sn-fapo3ox25a-cq2l.googlevideo.com/initplayback?source=youtube\u0026oeis=1\u0026c=WEB\u0026oad=3200\u0026ovd=3200\u0026oaad=11000\u0026oavd=11000\u0026ocs=700\u0026oewis=1\u0026oputc=1\u0026ofpcc=1\u0026msp=1\u0026odepv=1\u0026id=ff5dc2a7d112755b\u0026ip=27.34.72.167\u0026initcwndbps=1372500\u0026mt=1777291542\u0026oweuc=\u0026pxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ\u0026rxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzMw%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNA%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNg"}}}}}}}]}}},"accessibilityText":"Add to queue","style":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STYLE_OVERLAY_DARK","trackingParams":"CJsCEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","type":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_TYPE_TONAL","buttonSize":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_SIZE_COMPACT","state":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STATE_ACTIVE"}},"toggledButtonViewModel":{"buttonViewModel":{"iconName":"CHECK","accessibilityText":"Added","style":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STYLE_OVERLAY_DARK","trackingParams":"CJoCEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","type":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_TYPE_TONAL","buttonSize":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_SIZE_COMPACT","state":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STATE_ACTIVE"}},"isToggled":false,"trackingParams":"CJQCENTEDBgMIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY"}}]}}]}},"metadata":{"lockupMetadataViewModel":{"title":{"content":"सुकुम्बासी समस्या कि खोला किनारको राजनीति ? (Reupload)"},"image":{"decoratedAvatarViewModel":{"avatar":{"avatarViewModel":{"image":{"sources":[{"url":"https://yt3.ggpht.com/-G0J22mg2LLG602-uJ6G180UZSFungFGUTYjYRzqsTqkY19UuXnOW30yrtn0-QoJgG51MgYv=s68-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj","width":68,"height":68}]},"avatarImageSize":"AVATAR_SIZE_M"}},"a11yLabel":"Go to channel Tanka Dahal","rendererContext":{"commandContext":{"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CJQCENTEDBgMIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/@TechTanka","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_CHANNEL","rootVe":3611,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/browse"}},"browseEndpoint":{"browseId":"UCJUFkLE5GjqloVigynCN4VA","canonicalBaseUrl":"/@TechTanka"}}}}}}},"metadata":{"contentMetadataViewModel":{"metadataRows":[{"metadataParts":[{"text":{"content":"Tanka Dahal","styleRuns":[{"startIndex":11,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4289374890},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4284506208}]}}}],"attachmentRuns":[{"startIndex":11,"length":0,"element":{"type":{"imageType":{"image":{"sources":[{"clientResource":{"imageName":"CHECK_CIRCLE_FILLED"},"width":14,"height":14}]}}},"properties":{"layoutProperties":{"height":{"value":14,"unit":"DIMENSION_UNIT_POINT"},"width":{"value":14,"unit":"DIMENSION_UNIT_POINT"},"margin":{"left":{"value":4,"unit":"DIMENSION_UNIT_POINT"}}}}},"alignment":"ALIGNMENT_VERTICAL_CENTER"}]}}]},{"metadataParts":[{"text":{"content":"132K views"}},{"text":{"content":"19 hours ago"}}]},{"badges":[{"badgeViewModel":{"badgeText":"New","badgeStyle":"BADGE_DEFAULT","trackingParams":"CJQCENTEDBgMIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY"}}]}],"delimiter":" • "}},"menuButton":{"buttonViewModel":{"iconName":"MORE_VERT","onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CJUCEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","showSheetCommand":{"panelLoadingStrategy":{"inlineContent":{"sheetViewModel":{"content":{"listViewModel":{"listItems":[{"listItemViewModel":{"title":{"content":"Add to queue"},"leadingImage":{"sources":[{"clientResource":{"imageName":"ADD_TO_QUEUE_TAIL"}}]},"rendererContext":{"loggingContext":{"loggingDirectives":{"trackingParams":"CJkCEP6YBBgAIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","visibility":{"types":"12"}}},"commandContext":{"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CJkCEP6YBBgAIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true}},"signalServiceEndpoint":{"signal":"CLIENT_SIGNAL","actions":[{"clickTrackingParams":"CJkCEP6YBBgAIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","addToPlaylistCommand":{"openMiniplayer":true,"videoId":"_13Cp9ESdVs","listType":"PLAYLIST_EDIT_LIST_TYPE_QUEUE","onCreateListCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CJkCEP6YBBgAIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/playlist/create"}},"createPlaylistServiceEndpoint":{"videoIds":["_13Cp9ESdVs"],"params":"CAQ%3D"}},"videoIds":["_13Cp9ESdVs"],"videoCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CJkCEP6YBBgAIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/watch?v=_13Cp9ESdVs","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_WATCH","rootVe":3832}},"watchEndpoint":{"videoId":"_13Cp9ESdVs","watchEndpointSupportedOnesieConfig":{"html5PlaybackOnesieConfig":{"commonConfig":{"url":"https://rr2---sn-fapo3ox25a-cq2l.googlevideo.com/initplayback?source=youtube\u0026oeis=1\u0026c=WEB\u0026oad=3200\u0026ovd=3200\u0026oaad=11000\u0026oavd=11000\u0026ocs=700\u0026oewis=1\u0026oputc=1\u0026ofpcc=1\u0026msp=1\u0026odepv=1\u0026id=ff5dc2a7d112755b\u0026ip=27.34.72.167\u0026initcwndbps=1372500\u0026mt=1777291542\u0026oweuc=\u0026pxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ\u0026rxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzMw%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNA%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNg"}}}}}}}]}}}}}}},{"listItemViewModel":{"title":{"content":"Save to playlist"},"leadingImage":{"sources":[{"clientResource":{"imageName":"BOOKMARK_BORDER"}}]},"rendererContext":{"loggingContext":{"loggingDirectives":{"trackingParams":"CJgCEJSsCRgBIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","visibility":{"types":"12"}}},"commandContext":{"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CJgCEJSsCRgBIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"https://accounts.google.com/ServiceLogin?service=youtube\u0026uilel=3\u0026passive=true\u0026continue=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.youtube.com%2Fsignin%3Faction_handle_signin%3Dtrue%26app%3Ddesktop%26hl%3Den\u0026hl=en","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_UNKNOWN","rootVe":83769}},"signInEndpoint":{"nextEndpoint":{"clickTrackingParams":"CJgCEJSsCRgBIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","showSheetCommand":{"panelLoadingStrategy":{"requestTemplate":{"panelId":"PAadd_to_playlist","params":"-gYNCgtfMTNDcDlFU2RWcw%3D%3D"}}}}}}}}}}},{"downloadListItemViewModel":{"rendererContext":{"loggingContext":{"loggingDirectives":{"trackingParams":"CJcCENGqBRgCIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","visibility":{"types":"12"}}},"commandContext":{"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CJcCENGqBRgCIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","offlineVideoEndpoint":{"videoId":"_13Cp9ESdVs","onAddCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CJcCENGqBRgCIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","getDownloadActionCommand":{"videoId":"_13Cp9ESdVs","params":"CAIQAA%3D%3D","isCrossDeviceDownload":false}}}}}}}}},{"listItemViewModel":{"title":{"content":"Share"},"leadingImage":{"sources":[{"clientResource":{"imageName":"SHARE"}}]},"rendererContext":{"commandContext":{"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CJUCEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/share/get_share_panel"}},"shareEntityServiceEndpoint":{"serializedShareEntity":"CgtfMTNDcDlFU2RWcw%3D%3D","commands":[{"clickTrackingParams":"CJUCEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","openPopupAction":{"popup":{"unifiedSharePanelRenderer":{"trackingParams":"CJYCEI5iIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","showLoadingSpinner":true}},"popupType":"DIALOG","beReused":true}}]}}}}}}}]}}}}}}}},"accessibilityText":"More actions","style":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STYLE_MONO","trackingParams":"CJUCEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","type":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_TYPE_TEXT","buttonSize":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_SIZE_DEFAULT","state":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STATE_ACTIVE"}}}},"contentId":"_13Cp9ESdVs","contentType":"LOCKUP_CONTENT_TYPE_VIDEO","rendererContext":{"loggingContext":{"loggingDirectives":{"trackingParams":"CJQCENTEDBgMIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","visibility":{"types":"12"}}},"accessibilityContext":{"label":"सुकुम्बासी समस्या कि खोला किनारको राजनीति ? (Reupload) 20 minutes"},"commandContext":{"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CJQCENTEDBgMIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYMgdyZWxhdGVkSKjGo4ORgOmTzgGaAQUIARD4HcoBBNkXUCE=","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/watch?v=_13Cp9ESdVs","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_WATCH","rootVe":3832}},"watchEndpoint":{"videoId":"_13Cp9ESdVs","nofollow":true,"watchEndpointSupportedOnesieConfig":{"html5PlaybackOnesieConfig":{"commonConfig":{"url":"https://rr2---sn-fapo3ox25a-cq2l.googlevideo.com/initplayback?source=youtube\u0026oeis=1\u0026c=WEB\u0026oad=3200\u0026ovd=3200\u0026oaad=11000\u0026oavd=11000\u0026ocs=700\u0026oewis=1\u0026oputc=1\u0026ofpcc=1\u0026msp=1\u0026odepv=1\u0026id=ff5dc2a7d112755b\u0026ip=27.34.72.167\u0026initcwndbps=1372500\u0026mt=1777291542\u0026oweuc=\u0026pxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ\u0026rxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzMw%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNA%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNg"}}}}}}}}}},{"lockupViewModel":{"contentImage":{"thumbnailViewModel":{"image":{"sources":[{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/HDe4E3TOIHI/hqdefault.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEbCKgBEF5IVfKriqkDDggBFQAAiEIYAXABwAEG\u0026rs=AOn4CLAoOytXSCsQLQ3PtmRMnByLFvfpLg","width":168,"height":94},{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/HDe4E3TOIHI/hqdefault.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEcCNACELwBSFXyq4qpAw4IARUAAIhCGAFwAcABBg==\u0026rs=AOn4CLAtNsinVSYJ1mEVYjNDtsFFN4zhyg","width":336,"height":188}]},"overlays":[{"thumbnailBottomOverlayViewModel":{"badges":[{"thumbnailBadgeViewModel":{"text":"27:36","badgeStyle":"THUMBNAIL_OVERLAY_BADGE_STYLE_DEFAULT","animationActivationTargetId":"HDe4E3TOIHI","animationActivationEntityKey":"Eh8veW91dHViZS9hcHAvd2F0Y2gvcGxheWVyX3N0YXRlIMMCKAE%3D","lottieData":{"url":"https://www.gstatic.com/youtube/img/lottie/audio_indicator/audio_indicator_v2.json","settings":{"loop":true,"autoplay":true}},"animatedText":"Now playing","animationActivationEntitySelectorType":"THUMBNAIL_BADGE_ANIMATION_ENTITY_SELECTOR_TYPE_PLAYER_STATE","rendererContext":{"accessibilityContext":{"label":"27 minutes, 36 seconds"}}}}]}},{"animatedThumbnailOverlayViewModel":{"thumbnail":{"sources":[{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/an_webp/HDe4E3TOIHI/mqdefault_6s.webp?du=3000\u0026sqp=CLqZvc8G\u0026rs=AOn4CLB5iu57o8ATU6CemnKgn8X9rDjEpg","width":320,"height":180}]}}},{"thumbnailHoverOverlayToggleActionsViewModel":{"buttons":[{"toggleButtonViewModel":{"defaultButtonViewModel":{"buttonViewModel":{"iconName":"WATCH_LATER","onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CJMCEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/browse/edit_playlist"}},"playlistEditEndpoint":{"playlistId":"WL","actions":[{"addedVideoId":"HDe4E3TOIHI","action":"ACTION_ADD_VIDEO"}]}}},"accessibilityText":"Watch later","style":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STYLE_OVERLAY_DARK","trackingParams":"CJMCEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","type":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_TYPE_TONAL","buttonSize":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_SIZE_COMPACT","state":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STATE_ACTIVE"}},"toggledButtonViewModel":{"buttonViewModel":{"iconName":"CHECK","onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CJICEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/browse/edit_playlist"}},"playlistEditEndpoint":{"playlistId":"WL","actions":[{"action":"ACTION_REMOVE_VIDEO_BY_VIDEO_ID","removedVideoId":"HDe4E3TOIHI"}]}}},"accessibilityText":"Added","style":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STYLE_OVERLAY_DARK","trackingParams":"CJICEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","type":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_TYPE_TONAL","buttonSize":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_SIZE_COMPACT","state":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STATE_ACTIVE"}},"isToggled":false,"trackingParams":"CIoCENTEDBgNIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY"}},{"toggleButtonViewModel":{"defaultButtonViewModel":{"buttonViewModel":{"iconName":"ADD_TO_QUEUE_TAIL","onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CJECEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true}},"signalServiceEndpoint":{"signal":"CLIENT_SIGNAL","actions":[{"clickTrackingParams":"CJECEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","addToPlaylistCommand":{"openMiniplayer":false,"openListPanel":true,"videoId":"HDe4E3TOIHI","listType":"PLAYLIST_EDIT_LIST_TYPE_QUEUE","onCreateListCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CJECEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/playlist/create"}},"createPlaylistServiceEndpoint":{"videoIds":["HDe4E3TOIHI"],"params":"CAQ%3D"}},"videoIds":["HDe4E3TOIHI"],"videoCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CJECEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/watch?v=HDe4E3TOIHI","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_WATCH","rootVe":3832}},"watchEndpoint":{"videoId":"HDe4E3TOIHI","watchEndpointSupportedOnesieConfig":{"html5PlaybackOnesieConfig":{"commonConfig":{"url":"https://rr4---sn-fapo3ox25a-cq2l.googlevideo.com/initplayback?source=youtube\u0026oeis=1\u0026c=WEB\u0026oad=3200\u0026ovd=3200\u0026oaad=11000\u0026oavd=11000\u0026ocs=700\u0026oewis=1\u0026oputc=1\u0026ofpcc=1\u0026msp=1\u0026odepv=1\u0026id=1c37b81374ce2072\u0026ip=27.34.72.167\u0026initcwndbps=1372500\u0026mt=1777291542\u0026oweuc=\u0026pxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ\u0026rxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzMw%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNA%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNg"}}}}}}}]}}},"accessibilityText":"Add to queue","style":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STYLE_OVERLAY_DARK","trackingParams":"CJECEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","type":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_TYPE_TONAL","buttonSize":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_SIZE_COMPACT","state":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STATE_ACTIVE"}},"toggledButtonViewModel":{"buttonViewModel":{"iconName":"CHECK","accessibilityText":"Added","style":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STYLE_OVERLAY_DARK","trackingParams":"CJACEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","type":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_TYPE_TONAL","buttonSize":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_SIZE_COMPACT","state":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STATE_ACTIVE"}},"isToggled":false,"trackingParams":"CIoCENTEDBgNIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY"}}]}}]}},"metadata":{"lockupMetadataViewModel":{"title":{"content":"Make your Instagram Stories Pop | Adobe Express"},"image":{"decoratedAvatarViewModel":{"avatar":{"avatarViewModel":{"image":{"sources":[{"url":"https://yt3.ggpht.com/ZI4hVRpX-vBmx-oz64uYJ-tp9B-PUDUXCLRPN443zabb3DjkARqSGZJzGY57rCizSWxzVcWeJg=s68-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj","width":68,"height":68}]},"avatarImageSize":"AVATAR_SIZE_M"}},"a11yLabel":"Go to channel Adobe Express","rendererContext":{"commandContext":{"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CIoCENTEDBgNIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/@AdobeExpress","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_CHANNEL","rootVe":3611,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/browse"}},"browseEndpoint":{"browseId":"UCn5CtwAo7oeHULdlVl-HMKw","canonicalBaseUrl":"/@AdobeExpress"}}}}}}},"metadata":{"contentMetadataViewModel":{"metadataRows":[{"metadataParts":[{"text":{"content":"Adobe Express","styleRuns":[{"startIndex":13,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4289374890},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4284506208}]}}}],"attachmentRuns":[{"startIndex":13,"length":0,"element":{"type":{"imageType":{"image":{"sources":[{"clientResource":{"imageName":"CHECK_CIRCLE_FILLED"},"width":14,"height":14}]}}},"properties":{"layoutProperties":{"height":{"value":14,"unit":"DIMENSION_UNIT_POINT"},"width":{"value":14,"unit":"DIMENSION_UNIT_POINT"},"margin":{"left":{"value":4,"unit":"DIMENSION_UNIT_POINT"}}}}},"alignment":"ALIGNMENT_VERTICAL_CENTER"}]}}]},{"metadataParts":[{"text":{"content":"15K views"}},{"text":{"content":"Streamed 4 years ago"}}]}],"delimiter":" • "}},"menuButton":{"buttonViewModel":{"iconName":"MORE_VERT","onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CIsCEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","showSheetCommand":{"panelLoadingStrategy":{"inlineContent":{"sheetViewModel":{"content":{"listViewModel":{"listItems":[{"listItemViewModel":{"title":{"content":"Add to queue"},"leadingImage":{"sources":[{"clientResource":{"imageName":"ADD_TO_QUEUE_TAIL"}}]},"rendererContext":{"loggingContext":{"loggingDirectives":{"trackingParams":"CI8CEP6YBBgAIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","visibility":{"types":"12"}}},"commandContext":{"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CI8CEP6YBBgAIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true}},"signalServiceEndpoint":{"signal":"CLIENT_SIGNAL","actions":[{"clickTrackingParams":"CI8CEP6YBBgAIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","addToPlaylistCommand":{"openMiniplayer":true,"videoId":"HDe4E3TOIHI","listType":"PLAYLIST_EDIT_LIST_TYPE_QUEUE","onCreateListCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CI8CEP6YBBgAIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/playlist/create"}},"createPlaylistServiceEndpoint":{"videoIds":["HDe4E3TOIHI"],"params":"CAQ%3D"}},"videoIds":["HDe4E3TOIHI"],"videoCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CI8CEP6YBBgAIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/watch?v=HDe4E3TOIHI","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_WATCH","rootVe":3832}},"watchEndpoint":{"videoId":"HDe4E3TOIHI","watchEndpointSupportedOnesieConfig":{"html5PlaybackOnesieConfig":{"commonConfig":{"url":"https://rr4---sn-fapo3ox25a-cq2l.googlevideo.com/initplayback?source=youtube\u0026oeis=1\u0026c=WEB\u0026oad=3200\u0026ovd=3200\u0026oaad=11000\u0026oavd=11000\u0026ocs=700\u0026oewis=1\u0026oputc=1\u0026ofpcc=1\u0026msp=1\u0026odepv=1\u0026id=1c37b81374ce2072\u0026ip=27.34.72.167\u0026initcwndbps=1372500\u0026mt=1777291542\u0026oweuc=\u0026pxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ\u0026rxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzMw%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNA%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNg"}}}}}}}]}}}}}}},{"listItemViewModel":{"title":{"content":"Save to playlist"},"leadingImage":{"sources":[{"clientResource":{"imageName":"BOOKMARK_BORDER"}}]},"rendererContext":{"loggingContext":{"loggingDirectives":{"trackingParams":"CI4CEJSsCRgBIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","visibility":{"types":"12"}}},"commandContext":{"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CI4CEJSsCRgBIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"https://accounts.google.com/ServiceLogin?service=youtube\u0026uilel=3\u0026passive=true\u0026continue=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.youtube.com%2Fsignin%3Faction_handle_signin%3Dtrue%26app%3Ddesktop%26hl%3Den\u0026hl=en","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_UNKNOWN","rootVe":83769}},"signInEndpoint":{"nextEndpoint":{"clickTrackingParams":"CI4CEJSsCRgBIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","showSheetCommand":{"panelLoadingStrategy":{"requestTemplate":{"panelId":"PAadd_to_playlist","params":"-gYNCgtIRGU0RTNUT0lISQ%3D%3D"}}}}}}}}}}},{"downloadListItemViewModel":{"rendererContext":{"loggingContext":{"loggingDirectives":{"trackingParams":"CI0CENGqBRgCIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","visibility":{"types":"12"}}},"commandContext":{"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CI0CENGqBRgCIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","offlineVideoEndpoint":{"videoId":"HDe4E3TOIHI","onAddCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CI0CENGqBRgCIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","getDownloadActionCommand":{"videoId":"HDe4E3TOIHI","params":"CAIQAA%3D%3D","isCrossDeviceDownload":false}}}}}}}}},{"listItemViewModel":{"title":{"content":"Share"},"leadingImage":{"sources":[{"clientResource":{"imageName":"SHARE"}}]},"rendererContext":{"commandContext":{"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CIsCEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/share/get_share_panel"}},"shareEntityServiceEndpoint":{"serializedShareEntity":"CgtIRGU0RTNUT0lISQ%3D%3D","commands":[{"clickTrackingParams":"CIsCEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","openPopupAction":{"popup":{"unifiedSharePanelRenderer":{"trackingParams":"CIwCEI5iIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","showLoadingSpinner":true}},"popupType":"DIALOG","beReused":true}}]}}}}}}}]}}}}}}}},"accessibilityText":"More actions","style":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STYLE_MONO","trackingParams":"CIsCEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","type":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_TYPE_TEXT","buttonSize":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_SIZE_DEFAULT","state":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STATE_ACTIVE"}}}},"contentId":"HDe4E3TOIHI","contentType":"LOCKUP_CONTENT_TYPE_VIDEO","rendererContext":{"loggingContext":{"loggingDirectives":{"trackingParams":"CIoCENTEDBgNIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","visibility":{"types":"12"}}},"accessibilityContext":{"label":"Make your Instagram Stories Pop | Adobe Express 27 minutes"},"commandContext":{"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CIoCENTEDBgNIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYMgdyZWxhdGVkSKjGo4ORgOmTzgGaAQUIARD4HcoBBNkXUCE=","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/watch?v=HDe4E3TOIHI","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_WATCH","rootVe":3832}},"watchEndpoint":{"videoId":"HDe4E3TOIHI","nofollow":true,"watchEndpointSupportedOnesieConfig":{"html5PlaybackOnesieConfig":{"commonConfig":{"url":"https://rr4---sn-fapo3ox25a-cq2l.googlevideo.com/initplayback?source=youtube\u0026oeis=1\u0026c=WEB\u0026oad=3200\u0026ovd=3200\u0026oaad=11000\u0026oavd=11000\u0026ocs=700\u0026oewis=1\u0026oputc=1\u0026ofpcc=1\u0026msp=1\u0026odepv=1\u0026id=1c37b81374ce2072\u0026ip=27.34.72.167\u0026initcwndbps=1372500\u0026mt=1777291542\u0026oweuc=\u0026pxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ\u0026rxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzMw%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNA%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNg"}}}}}}}}}},{"lockupViewModel":{"contentImage":{"thumbnailViewModel":{"image":{"sources":[{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/adfRfoWFX3Q/hqdefault.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEbCKgBEF5IVfKriqkDDggBFQAAiEIYAXABwAEG\u0026rs=AOn4CLAM7YKumb8AsutvI803IyszsBRuhA","width":168,"height":94},{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/adfRfoWFX3Q/hqdefault.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEcCNACELwBSFXyq4qpAw4IARUAAIhCGAFwAcABBg==\u0026rs=AOn4CLDuRGgyoqM20Dd51gVd45sP510Egw","width":336,"height":188}]},"overlays":[{"thumbnailBottomOverlayViewModel":{"badges":[{"thumbnailBadgeViewModel":{"text":"38:09","badgeStyle":"THUMBNAIL_OVERLAY_BADGE_STYLE_DEFAULT","animationActivationTargetId":"adfRfoWFX3Q","animationActivationEntityKey":"Eh8veW91dHViZS9hcHAvd2F0Y2gvcGxheWVyX3N0YXRlIMMCKAE%3D","lottieData":{"url":"https://www.gstatic.com/youtube/img/lottie/audio_indicator/audio_indicator_v2.json","settings":{"loop":true,"autoplay":true}},"animatedText":"Now playing","animationActivationEntitySelectorType":"THUMBNAIL_BADGE_ANIMATION_ENTITY_SELECTOR_TYPE_PLAYER_STATE","rendererContext":{"accessibilityContext":{"label":"38 minutes, 9 seconds"}}}}]}},{"animatedThumbnailOverlayViewModel":{"thumbnail":{"sources":[{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/an_webp/adfRfoWFX3Q/mqdefault_6s.webp?du=3000\u0026sqp=CNyLvc8G\u0026rs=AOn4CLDpIrvzxcJ6cqlBBcOyKUrX8U9Jzg","width":320,"height":180}]}}},{"thumbnailHoverOverlayToggleActionsViewModel":{"buttons":[{"toggleButtonViewModel":{"defaultButtonViewModel":{"buttonViewModel":{"iconName":"WATCH_LATER","onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CIkCEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/browse/edit_playlist"}},"playlistEditEndpoint":{"playlistId":"WL","actions":[{"addedVideoId":"adfRfoWFX3Q","action":"ACTION_ADD_VIDEO"}]}}},"accessibilityText":"Watch later","style":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STYLE_OVERLAY_DARK","trackingParams":"CIkCEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","type":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_TYPE_TONAL","buttonSize":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_SIZE_COMPACT","state":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STATE_ACTIVE"}},"toggledButtonViewModel":{"buttonViewModel":{"iconName":"CHECK","onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CIgCEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/browse/edit_playlist"}},"playlistEditEndpoint":{"playlistId":"WL","actions":[{"action":"ACTION_REMOVE_VIDEO_BY_VIDEO_ID","removedVideoId":"adfRfoWFX3Q"}]}}},"accessibilityText":"Added","style":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STYLE_OVERLAY_DARK","trackingParams":"CIgCEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","type":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_TYPE_TONAL","buttonSize":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_SIZE_COMPACT","state":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STATE_ACTIVE"}},"isToggled":false,"trackingParams":"CIACENTEDBgOIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY"}},{"toggleButtonViewModel":{"defaultButtonViewModel":{"buttonViewModel":{"iconName":"ADD_TO_QUEUE_TAIL","onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CIcCEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true}},"signalServiceEndpoint":{"signal":"CLIENT_SIGNAL","actions":[{"clickTrackingParams":"CIcCEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","addToPlaylistCommand":{"openMiniplayer":false,"openListPanel":true,"videoId":"adfRfoWFX3Q","listType":"PLAYLIST_EDIT_LIST_TYPE_QUEUE","onCreateListCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CIcCEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/playlist/create"}},"createPlaylistServiceEndpoint":{"videoIds":["adfRfoWFX3Q"],"params":"CAQ%3D"}},"videoIds":["adfRfoWFX3Q"],"videoCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CIcCEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/watch?v=adfRfoWFX3Q","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_WATCH","rootVe":3832}},"watchEndpoint":{"videoId":"adfRfoWFX3Q","watchEndpointSupportedOnesieConfig":{"html5PlaybackOnesieConfig":{"commonConfig":{"url":"https://rr1---sn-fapo3ox25a-cq2l.googlevideo.com/initplayback?source=youtube\u0026oeis=1\u0026c=WEB\u0026oad=3200\u0026ovd=3200\u0026oaad=11000\u0026oavd=11000\u0026ocs=700\u0026oewis=1\u0026oputc=1\u0026ofpcc=1\u0026msp=1\u0026odepv=1\u0026id=69d7d17e85855f74\u0026ip=27.34.72.167\u0026initcwndbps=1372500\u0026mt=1777291542\u0026oweuc=\u0026pxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ\u0026rxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzMw%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNA%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNg"}}}}}}}]}}},"accessibilityText":"Add to queue","style":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STYLE_OVERLAY_DARK","trackingParams":"CIcCEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","type":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_TYPE_TONAL","buttonSize":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_SIZE_COMPACT","state":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STATE_ACTIVE"}},"toggledButtonViewModel":{"buttonViewModel":{"iconName":"CHECK","accessibilityText":"Added","style":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STYLE_OVERLAY_DARK","trackingParams":"CIYCEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","type":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_TYPE_TONAL","buttonSize":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_SIZE_COMPACT","state":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STATE_ACTIVE"}},"isToggled":false,"trackingParams":"CIACENTEDBgOIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY"}}]}}]}},"metadata":{"lockupMetadataViewModel":{"title":{"content":"Halka Ramailo | हल्का रमाईलो || Episode 327 || 26 April 2026 || Balchhi Dhurbe || Nepali Comedy"},"image":{"decoratedAvatarViewModel":{"avatar":{"avatarViewModel":{"image":{"sources":[{"url":"https://yt3.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_miy8U5Ogoh6EBdv2ifQi8fyHQZ-BnY4F6WkXmzpA2tXi0=s68-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj","width":68,"height":68}]},"avatarImageSize":"AVATAR_SIZE_M"}},"a11yLabel":"Go to channel Balchhi Dhurbe","rendererContext":{"commandContext":{"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CIACENTEDBgOIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/@balchhidhurbe6684","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_CHANNEL","rootVe":3611,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/browse"}},"browseEndpoint":{"browseId":"UCsPE7oNu6dj7LjyuOgLn_KQ","canonicalBaseUrl":"/@balchhidhurbe6684"}}}}}}},"metadata":{"contentMetadataViewModel":{"metadataRows":[{"metadataParts":[{"text":{"content":"Balchhi Dhurbe","styleRuns":[{"startIndex":14,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4289374890},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4284506208}]}}}],"attachmentRuns":[{"startIndex":14,"length":0,"element":{"type":{"imageType":{"image":{"sources":[{"clientResource":{"imageName":"CHECK_CIRCLE_FILLED"},"width":14,"height":14}]}}},"properties":{"layoutProperties":{"height":{"value":14,"unit":"DIMENSION_UNIT_POINT"},"width":{"value":14,"unit":"DIMENSION_UNIT_POINT"},"margin":{"left":{"value":4,"unit":"DIMENSION_UNIT_POINT"}}}}},"alignment":"ALIGNMENT_VERTICAL_CENTER"}]}}]},{"metadataParts":[{"text":{"content":"285K views"}},{"text":{"content":"21 hours ago"}}]},{"badges":[{"badgeViewModel":{"badgeText":"New","badgeStyle":"BADGE_DEFAULT","trackingParams":"CIACENTEDBgOIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY"}}]}],"delimiter":" • "}},"menuButton":{"buttonViewModel":{"iconName":"MORE_VERT","onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CIECEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","showSheetCommand":{"panelLoadingStrategy":{"inlineContent":{"sheetViewModel":{"content":{"listViewModel":{"listItems":[{"listItemViewModel":{"title":{"content":"Add to queue"},"leadingImage":{"sources":[{"clientResource":{"imageName":"ADD_TO_QUEUE_TAIL"}}]},"rendererContext":{"loggingContext":{"loggingDirectives":{"trackingParams":"CIUCEP6YBBgAIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","visibility":{"types":"12"}}},"commandContext":{"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CIUCEP6YBBgAIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true}},"signalServiceEndpoint":{"signal":"CLIENT_SIGNAL","actions":[{"clickTrackingParams":"CIUCEP6YBBgAIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","addToPlaylistCommand":{"openMiniplayer":true,"videoId":"adfRfoWFX3Q","listType":"PLAYLIST_EDIT_LIST_TYPE_QUEUE","onCreateListCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CIUCEP6YBBgAIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/playlist/create"}},"createPlaylistServiceEndpoint":{"videoIds":["adfRfoWFX3Q"],"params":"CAQ%3D"}},"videoIds":["adfRfoWFX3Q"],"videoCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CIUCEP6YBBgAIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/watch?v=adfRfoWFX3Q","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_WATCH","rootVe":3832}},"watchEndpoint":{"videoId":"adfRfoWFX3Q","watchEndpointSupportedOnesieConfig":{"html5PlaybackOnesieConfig":{"commonConfig":{"url":"https://rr1---sn-fapo3ox25a-cq2l.googlevideo.com/initplayback?source=youtube\u0026oeis=1\u0026c=WEB\u0026oad=3200\u0026ovd=3200\u0026oaad=11000\u0026oavd=11000\u0026ocs=700\u0026oewis=1\u0026oputc=1\u0026ofpcc=1\u0026msp=1\u0026odepv=1\u0026id=69d7d17e85855f74\u0026ip=27.34.72.167\u0026initcwndbps=1372500\u0026mt=1777291542\u0026oweuc=\u0026pxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ\u0026rxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzMw%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNA%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNg"}}}}}}}]}}}}}}},{"listItemViewModel":{"title":{"content":"Save to playlist"},"leadingImage":{"sources":[{"clientResource":{"imageName":"BOOKMARK_BORDER"}}]},"rendererContext":{"loggingContext":{"loggingDirectives":{"trackingParams":"CIQCEJSsCRgBIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","visibility":{"types":"12"}}},"commandContext":{"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CIQCEJSsCRgBIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"https://accounts.google.com/ServiceLogin?service=youtube\u0026uilel=3\u0026passive=true\u0026continue=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.youtube.com%2Fsignin%3Faction_handle_signin%3Dtrue%26app%3Ddesktop%26hl%3Den\u0026hl=en","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_UNKNOWN","rootVe":83769}},"signInEndpoint":{"nextEndpoint":{"clickTrackingParams":"CIQCEJSsCRgBIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","showSheetCommand":{"panelLoadingStrategy":{"requestTemplate":{"panelId":"PAadd_to_playlist","params":"-gYNCgthZGZSZm9XRlgzUQ%3D%3D"}}}}}}}}}}},{"downloadListItemViewModel":{"rendererContext":{"loggingContext":{"loggingDirectives":{"trackingParams":"CIMCENGqBRgCIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","visibility":{"types":"12"}}},"commandContext":{"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CIMCENGqBRgCIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","offlineVideoEndpoint":{"videoId":"adfRfoWFX3Q","onAddCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CIMCENGqBRgCIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","getDownloadActionCommand":{"videoId":"adfRfoWFX3Q","params":"CAIQAA%3D%3D","isCrossDeviceDownload":false}}}}}}}}},{"listItemViewModel":{"title":{"content":"Share"},"leadingImage":{"sources":[{"clientResource":{"imageName":"SHARE"}}]},"rendererContext":{"commandContext":{"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CIECEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/share/get_share_panel"}},"shareEntityServiceEndpoint":{"serializedShareEntity":"CgthZGZSZm9XRlgzUQ%3D%3D","commands":[{"clickTrackingParams":"CIECEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","openPopupAction":{"popup":{"unifiedSharePanelRenderer":{"trackingParams":"CIICEI5iIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","showLoadingSpinner":true}},"popupType":"DIALOG","beReused":true}}]}}}}}}}]}}}}}}}},"accessibilityText":"More actions","style":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STYLE_MONO","trackingParams":"CIECEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","type":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_TYPE_TEXT","buttonSize":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_SIZE_DEFAULT","state":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STATE_ACTIVE"}}}},"contentId":"adfRfoWFX3Q","contentType":"LOCKUP_CONTENT_TYPE_VIDEO","rendererContext":{"loggingContext":{"loggingDirectives":{"trackingParams":"CIACENTEDBgOIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","visibility":{"types":"12"}}},"accessibilityContext":{"label":"Halka Ramailo | हल्का रमाईलो || Episode 327 || 26 April 2026 || Balchhi Dhurbe || Nepali Comedy 38 minutes"},"commandContext":{"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CIACENTEDBgOIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYMgdyZWxhdGVkSKjGo4ORgOmTzgGaAQUIARD4HcoBBNkXUCE=","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/watch?v=adfRfoWFX3Q","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_WATCH","rootVe":3832}},"watchEndpoint":{"videoId":"adfRfoWFX3Q","nofollow":true,"watchEndpointSupportedOnesieConfig":{"html5PlaybackOnesieConfig":{"commonConfig":{"url":"https://rr1---sn-fapo3ox25a-cq2l.googlevideo.com/initplayback?source=youtube\u0026oeis=1\u0026c=WEB\u0026oad=3200\u0026ovd=3200\u0026oaad=11000\u0026oavd=11000\u0026ocs=700\u0026oewis=1\u0026oputc=1\u0026ofpcc=1\u0026msp=1\u0026odepv=1\u0026id=69d7d17e85855f74\u0026ip=27.34.72.167\u0026initcwndbps=1372500\u0026mt=1777291542\u0026oweuc=\u0026pxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ\u0026rxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzMw%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNA%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNg"}}}}}}}}}},{"lockupViewModel":{"contentImage":{"thumbnailViewModel":{"image":{"sources":[{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/UQr0wGqvfe4/hqdefault.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEbCKgBEF5IVfKriqkDDggBFQAAiEIYAXABwAEG\u0026rs=AOn4CLCV21kPu5S5lkO42OBk7-20sGbz4Q","width":168,"height":94},{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/UQr0wGqvfe4/hqdefault.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEcCNACELwBSFXyq4qpAw4IARUAAIhCGAFwAcABBg==\u0026rs=AOn4CLDQ0Eu4ZdVtjCTY_bxYaFxNuUM8MA","width":336,"height":188}]},"overlays":[{"thumbnailBottomOverlayViewModel":{"badges":[{"thumbnailBadgeViewModel":{"text":"19:19","badgeStyle":"THUMBNAIL_OVERLAY_BADGE_STYLE_DEFAULT","animationActivationTargetId":"UQr0wGqvfe4","animationActivationEntityKey":"Eh8veW91dHViZS9hcHAvd2F0Y2gvcGxheWVyX3N0YXRlIMMCKAE%3D","lottieData":{"url":"https://www.gstatic.com/youtube/img/lottie/audio_indicator/audio_indicator_v2.json","settings":{"loop":true,"autoplay":true}},"animatedText":"Now playing","animationActivationEntitySelectorType":"THUMBNAIL_BADGE_ANIMATION_ENTITY_SELECTOR_TYPE_PLAYER_STATE","rendererContext":{"accessibilityContext":{"label":"19 minutes, 19 seconds"}}}}]}},{"animatedThumbnailOverlayViewModel":{"thumbnail":{"sources":[{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/an_webp/UQr0wGqvfe4/mqdefault_6s.webp?du=3000\u0026sqp=COrrvM8G\u0026rs=AOn4CLA9pvsFw7HFD4rBedOHN32oE9mVAw","width":320,"height":180}]}}},{"thumbnailHoverOverlayToggleActionsViewModel":{"buttons":[{"toggleButtonViewModel":{"defaultButtonViewModel":{"buttonViewModel":{"iconName":"WATCH_LATER","onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CP8BEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/browse/edit_playlist"}},"playlistEditEndpoint":{"playlistId":"WL","actions":[{"addedVideoId":"UQr0wGqvfe4","action":"ACTION_ADD_VIDEO"}]}}},"accessibilityText":"Watch later","style":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STYLE_OVERLAY_DARK","trackingParams":"CP8BEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","type":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_TYPE_TONAL","buttonSize":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_SIZE_COMPACT","state":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STATE_ACTIVE"}},"toggledButtonViewModel":{"buttonViewModel":{"iconName":"CHECK","onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CP4BEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/browse/edit_playlist"}},"playlistEditEndpoint":{"playlistId":"WL","actions":[{"action":"ACTION_REMOVE_VIDEO_BY_VIDEO_ID","removedVideoId":"UQr0wGqvfe4"}]}}},"accessibilityText":"Added","style":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STYLE_OVERLAY_DARK","trackingParams":"CP4BEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","type":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_TYPE_TONAL","buttonSize":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_SIZE_COMPACT","state":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STATE_ACTIVE"}},"isToggled":false,"trackingParams":"CPYBENTEDBgPIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY"}},{"toggleButtonViewModel":{"defaultButtonViewModel":{"buttonViewModel":{"iconName":"ADD_TO_QUEUE_TAIL","onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CP0BEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true}},"signalServiceEndpoint":{"signal":"CLIENT_SIGNAL","actions":[{"clickTrackingParams":"CP0BEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","addToPlaylistCommand":{"openMiniplayer":false,"openListPanel":true,"videoId":"UQr0wGqvfe4","listType":"PLAYLIST_EDIT_LIST_TYPE_QUEUE","onCreateListCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CP0BEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/playlist/create"}},"createPlaylistServiceEndpoint":{"videoIds":["UQr0wGqvfe4"],"params":"CAQ%3D"}},"videoIds":["UQr0wGqvfe4"],"videoCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CP0BEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/watch?v=UQr0wGqvfe4\u0026pp=0gcJCZkAKgI3ePta","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_WATCH","rootVe":3832}},"watchEndpoint":{"videoId":"UQr0wGqvfe4","playerParams":"0gcJCZkAKgI3ePta","watchEndpointSupportedOnesieConfig":{"html5PlaybackOnesieConfig":{"commonConfig":{"url":"https://rr1---sn-fapo3ox25a-cq2e.googlevideo.com/initplayback?source=youtube\u0026oeis=1\u0026c=WEB\u0026oad=3200\u0026ovd=3200\u0026oaad=11000\u0026oavd=11000\u0026ocs=700\u0026oewis=1\u0026oputc=1\u0026ofpcc=1\u0026msp=1\u0026odepv=1\u0026id=510af4c06aaf7dee\u0026ip=27.34.72.167\u0026initcwndbps=1480000\u0026mt=1777291542\u0026oweuc=\u0026pxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ\u0026rxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzMw%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNA%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNg"}}}}}}}]}}},"accessibilityText":"Add to queue","style":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STYLE_OVERLAY_DARK","trackingParams":"CP0BEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","type":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_TYPE_TONAL","buttonSize":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_SIZE_COMPACT","state":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STATE_ACTIVE"}},"toggledButtonViewModel":{"buttonViewModel":{"iconName":"CHECK","accessibilityText":"Added","style":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STYLE_OVERLAY_DARK","trackingParams":"CPwBEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","type":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_TYPE_TONAL","buttonSize":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_SIZE_COMPACT","state":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STATE_ACTIVE"}},"isToggled":false,"trackingParams":"CPYBENTEDBgPIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY"}}]}}]}},"metadata":{"lockupMetadataViewModel":{"title":{"content":"2026 will be India's Hottest Year | SUPER El Niño is Coming | Dhruv Rathee"},"image":{"decoratedAvatarViewModel":{"avatar":{"avatarViewModel":{"image":{"sources":[{"url":"https://yt3.ggpht.com/ATJuCH36wHPiFwumVBm423ouLVGQtq2pkPMOlSCclqqXErazOWyl4n07MRmbFnSJTL5P02Fq=s68-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj","width":68,"height":68}]},"avatarImageSize":"AVATAR_SIZE_M"}},"a11yLabel":"Go to channel Dhruv Rathee","rendererContext":{"commandContext":{"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CPYBENTEDBgPIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/@dhruvrathee","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_CHANNEL","rootVe":3611,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/browse"}},"browseEndpoint":{"browseId":"UC-CSyyi47VX1lD9zyeABW3w","canonicalBaseUrl":"/@dhruvrathee"}}}}}}},"metadata":{"contentMetadataViewModel":{"metadataRows":[{"metadataParts":[{"text":{"content":"Dhruv Rathee","styleRuns":[{"startIndex":12,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4289374890},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4284506208}]}}}],"attachmentRuns":[{"startIndex":12,"length":0,"element":{"type":{"imageType":{"image":{"sources":[{"clientResource":{"imageName":"CHECK_CIRCLE_FILLED"},"width":14,"height":14}]}}},"properties":{"layoutProperties":{"height":{"value":14,"unit":"DIMENSION_UNIT_POINT"},"width":{"value":14,"unit":"DIMENSION_UNIT_POINT"},"margin":{"left":{"value":4,"unit":"DIMENSION_UNIT_POINT"}}}}},"alignment":"ALIGNMENT_VERTICAL_CENTER"}]}}]},{"metadataParts":[{"text":{"content":"9.3M views"}},{"text":{"content":"1 day ago"}}]},{"badges":[{"badgeViewModel":{"badgeText":"New","badgeStyle":"BADGE_DEFAULT","trackingParams":"CPYBENTEDBgPIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY"}}]}],"delimiter":" • "}},"menuButton":{"buttonViewModel":{"iconName":"MORE_VERT","onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CPcBEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","showSheetCommand":{"panelLoadingStrategy":{"inlineContent":{"sheetViewModel":{"content":{"listViewModel":{"listItems":[{"listItemViewModel":{"title":{"content":"Add to queue"},"leadingImage":{"sources":[{"clientResource":{"imageName":"ADD_TO_QUEUE_TAIL"}}]},"rendererContext":{"loggingContext":{"loggingDirectives":{"trackingParams":"CPsBEP6YBBgAIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","visibility":{"types":"12"}}},"commandContext":{"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CPsBEP6YBBgAIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true}},"signalServiceEndpoint":{"signal":"CLIENT_SIGNAL","actions":[{"clickTrackingParams":"CPsBEP6YBBgAIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","addToPlaylistCommand":{"openMiniplayer":true,"videoId":"UQr0wGqvfe4","listType":"PLAYLIST_EDIT_LIST_TYPE_QUEUE","onCreateListCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CPsBEP6YBBgAIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/playlist/create"}},"createPlaylistServiceEndpoint":{"videoIds":["UQr0wGqvfe4"],"params":"CAQ%3D"}},"videoIds":["UQr0wGqvfe4"],"videoCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CPsBEP6YBBgAIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/watch?v=UQr0wGqvfe4","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_WATCH","rootVe":3832}},"watchEndpoint":{"videoId":"UQr0wGqvfe4","watchEndpointSupportedOnesieConfig":{"html5PlaybackOnesieConfig":{"commonConfig":{"url":"https://rr1---sn-fapo3ox25a-cq2e.googlevideo.com/initplayback?source=youtube\u0026oeis=1\u0026c=WEB\u0026oad=3200\u0026ovd=3200\u0026oaad=11000\u0026oavd=11000\u0026ocs=700\u0026oewis=1\u0026oputc=1\u0026ofpcc=1\u0026msp=1\u0026odepv=1\u0026id=510af4c06aaf7dee\u0026ip=27.34.72.167\u0026initcwndbps=1480000\u0026mt=1777291542\u0026oweuc=\u0026pxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ\u0026rxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzMw%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNA%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNg"}}}}}}}]}}}}}}},{"listItemViewModel":{"title":{"content":"Save to playlist"},"leadingImage":{"sources":[{"clientResource":{"imageName":"BOOKMARK_BORDER"}}]},"rendererContext":{"loggingContext":{"loggingDirectives":{"trackingParams":"CPoBEJSsCRgBIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","visibility":{"types":"12"}}},"commandContext":{"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CPoBEJSsCRgBIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"https://accounts.google.com/ServiceLogin?service=youtube\u0026uilel=3\u0026passive=true\u0026continue=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.youtube.com%2Fsignin%3Faction_handle_signin%3Dtrue%26app%3Ddesktop%26hl%3Den\u0026hl=en","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_UNKNOWN","rootVe":83769}},"signInEndpoint":{"nextEndpoint":{"clickTrackingParams":"CPoBEJSsCRgBIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","showSheetCommand":{"panelLoadingStrategy":{"requestTemplate":{"panelId":"PAadd_to_playlist","params":"-gYNCgtVUXIwd0dxdmZlNA%3D%3D"}}}}}}}}}}},{"downloadListItemViewModel":{"rendererContext":{"loggingContext":{"loggingDirectives":{"trackingParams":"CPkBENGqBRgCIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","visibility":{"types":"12"}}},"commandContext":{"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CPkBENGqBRgCIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","offlineVideoEndpoint":{"videoId":"UQr0wGqvfe4","onAddCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CPkBENGqBRgCIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","getDownloadActionCommand":{"videoId":"UQr0wGqvfe4","params":"CAIQAA%3D%3D","isCrossDeviceDownload":false}}}}}}}}},{"listItemViewModel":{"title":{"content":"Share"},"leadingImage":{"sources":[{"clientResource":{"imageName":"SHARE"}}]},"rendererContext":{"commandContext":{"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CPcBEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/share/get_share_panel"}},"shareEntityServiceEndpoint":{"serializedShareEntity":"CgtVUXIwd0dxdmZlNA%3D%3D","commands":[{"clickTrackingParams":"CPcBEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","openPopupAction":{"popup":{"unifiedSharePanelRenderer":{"trackingParams":"CPgBEI5iIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","showLoadingSpinner":true}},"popupType":"DIALOG","beReused":true}}]}}}}}}}]}}}}}}}},"accessibilityText":"More actions","style":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STYLE_MONO","trackingParams":"CPcBEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","type":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_TYPE_TEXT","buttonSize":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_SIZE_DEFAULT","state":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STATE_ACTIVE"}}}},"contentId":"UQr0wGqvfe4","contentType":"LOCKUP_CONTENT_TYPE_VIDEO","rendererContext":{"loggingContext":{"loggingDirectives":{"trackingParams":"CPYBENTEDBgPIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","visibility":{"types":"12"}}},"accessibilityContext":{"label":"2026 will be India's Hottest Year | SUPER El Niño is Coming | Dhruv Rathee 19 minutes"},"commandContext":{"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CPYBENTEDBgPIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYMgdyZWxhdGVkSKjGo4ORgOmTzgGaAQUIARD4HcoBBNkXUCE=","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/watch?v=UQr0wGqvfe4","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_WATCH","rootVe":3832}},"watchEndpoint":{"videoId":"UQr0wGqvfe4","nofollow":true,"watchEndpointSupportedOnesieConfig":{"html5PlaybackOnesieConfig":{"commonConfig":{"url":"https://rr1---sn-fapo3ox25a-cq2e.googlevideo.com/initplayback?source=youtube\u0026oeis=1\u0026c=WEB\u0026oad=3200\u0026ovd=3200\u0026oaad=11000\u0026oavd=11000\u0026ocs=700\u0026oewis=1\u0026oputc=1\u0026ofpcc=1\u0026msp=1\u0026odepv=1\u0026id=510af4c06aaf7dee\u0026ip=27.34.72.167\u0026initcwndbps=1480000\u0026mt=1777291542\u0026oweuc=\u0026pxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ\u0026rxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzMw%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNA%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNg"}}}}}}}}}},{"lockupViewModel":{"contentImage":{"thumbnailViewModel":{"image":{"sources":[{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/CuvNncmjAEQ/hqdefault.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEbCKgBEF5IVfKriqkDDggBFQAAiEIYAXABwAEG\u0026rs=AOn4CLC_9eLByEGe_WHJ7ssvlUGeeCCASw","width":168,"height":94},{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/CuvNncmjAEQ/hqdefault.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEcCNACELwBSFXyq4qpAw4IARUAAIhCGAFwAcABBg==\u0026rs=AOn4CLAsohqxb52rWvu-jA9vj1VcoKVDkA","width":336,"height":188}]},"overlays":[{"thumbnailBottomOverlayViewModel":{"badges":[{"thumbnailBadgeViewModel":{"text":"39:02","badgeStyle":"THUMBNAIL_OVERLAY_BADGE_STYLE_DEFAULT","animationActivationTargetId":"CuvNncmjAEQ","animationActivationEntityKey":"Eh8veW91dHViZS9hcHAvd2F0Y2gvcGxheWVyX3N0YXRlIMMCKAE%3D","lottieData":{"url":"https://www.gstatic.com/youtube/img/lottie/audio_indicator/audio_indicator_v2.json","settings":{"loop":true,"autoplay":true}},"animatedText":"Now playing","animationActivationEntitySelectorType":"THUMBNAIL_BADGE_ANIMATION_ENTITY_SELECTOR_TYPE_PLAYER_STATE","rendererContext":{"accessibilityContext":{"label":"39 minutes, 2 seconds"}}}}]}},{"animatedThumbnailOverlayViewModel":{"thumbnail":{"sources":[{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/an_webp/CuvNncmjAEQ/mqdefault_6s.webp?du=3000\u0026sqp=CKCXvc8G\u0026rs=AOn4CLA7ws7QT2cNKj8BzYcR9BB-vhL6PA","width":320,"height":180}]}}},{"thumbnailHoverOverlayToggleActionsViewModel":{"buttons":[{"toggleButtonViewModel":{"defaultButtonViewModel":{"buttonViewModel":{"iconName":"WATCH_LATER","onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CPUBEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/browse/edit_playlist"}},"playlistEditEndpoint":{"playlistId":"WL","actions":[{"addedVideoId":"CuvNncmjAEQ","action":"ACTION_ADD_VIDEO"}]}}},"accessibilityText":"Watch later","style":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STYLE_OVERLAY_DARK","trackingParams":"CPUBEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","type":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_TYPE_TONAL","buttonSize":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_SIZE_COMPACT","state":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STATE_ACTIVE"}},"toggledButtonViewModel":{"buttonViewModel":{"iconName":"CHECK","onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CPQBEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/browse/edit_playlist"}},"playlistEditEndpoint":{"playlistId":"WL","actions":[{"action":"ACTION_REMOVE_VIDEO_BY_VIDEO_ID","removedVideoId":"CuvNncmjAEQ"}]}}},"accessibilityText":"Added","style":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STYLE_OVERLAY_DARK","trackingParams":"CPQBEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","type":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_TYPE_TONAL","buttonSize":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_SIZE_COMPACT","state":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STATE_ACTIVE"}},"isToggled":false,"trackingParams":"COwBENTEDBgQIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY"}},{"toggleButtonViewModel":{"defaultButtonViewModel":{"buttonViewModel":{"iconName":"ADD_TO_QUEUE_TAIL","onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CPMBEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true}},"signalServiceEndpoint":{"signal":"CLIENT_SIGNAL","actions":[{"clickTrackingParams":"CPMBEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","addToPlaylistCommand":{"openMiniplayer":false,"openListPanel":true,"videoId":"CuvNncmjAEQ","listType":"PLAYLIST_EDIT_LIST_TYPE_QUEUE","onCreateListCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CPMBEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/playlist/create"}},"createPlaylistServiceEndpoint":{"videoIds":["CuvNncmjAEQ"],"params":"CAQ%3D"}},"videoIds":["CuvNncmjAEQ"],"videoCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CPMBEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/watch?v=CuvNncmjAEQ","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_WATCH","rootVe":3832}},"watchEndpoint":{"videoId":"CuvNncmjAEQ","watchEndpointSupportedOnesieConfig":{"html5PlaybackOnesieConfig":{"commonConfig":{"url":"https://rr1---sn-fapo3ox25a-cq2l.googlevideo.com/initplayback?source=youtube\u0026oeis=1\u0026c=WEB\u0026oad=3200\u0026ovd=3200\u0026oaad=11000\u0026oavd=11000\u0026ocs=700\u0026oewis=1\u0026oputc=1\u0026ofpcc=1\u0026msp=1\u0026odepv=1\u0026id=0aebcd9dc9a30044\u0026ip=27.34.72.167\u0026initcwndbps=1372500\u0026mt=1777291542\u0026oweuc=\u0026pxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ\u0026rxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzMw%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNA%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNg"}}}}}}}]}}},"accessibilityText":"Add to queue","style":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STYLE_OVERLAY_DARK","trackingParams":"CPMBEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","type":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_TYPE_TONAL","buttonSize":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_SIZE_COMPACT","state":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STATE_ACTIVE"}},"toggledButtonViewModel":{"buttonViewModel":{"iconName":"CHECK","accessibilityText":"Added","style":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STYLE_OVERLAY_DARK","trackingParams":"CPIBEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","type":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_TYPE_TONAL","buttonSize":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_SIZE_COMPACT","state":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STATE_ACTIVE"}},"isToggled":false,"trackingParams":"COwBENTEDBgQIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY"}}]}}]}},"metadata":{"lockupMetadataViewModel":{"title":{"content":"Daya ने Jethalal को क्यों रोका? | Taarak Mehta Ka Ooltah Chashmah | Exam Ke Results"},"image":{"decoratedAvatarViewModel":{"avatar":{"avatarViewModel":{"image":{"sources":[{"url":"https://yt3.ggpht.com/1nz-YfVQnLXSKZvSHZ5uEUhLKk9sS-jBnuuvW5Wvz6Za4Vu9bUlKGL8BcS20UXEs4hH99UKIGw=s68-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj","width":68,"height":68}]},"avatarImageSize":"AVATAR_SIZE_M"}},"a11yLabel":"Go to channel Taarak Mehta Ka Ooltah Chashmah Episodes","rendererContext":{"commandContext":{"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"COwBENTEDBgQIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/@TaarakMehtaKaOoltahChashmahInt","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_CHANNEL","rootVe":3611,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/browse"}},"browseEndpoint":{"browseId":"UC54_ux4BnaJwkVFn5M391XQ","canonicalBaseUrl":"/@TaarakMehtaKaOoltahChashmahInt"}}}}}}},"metadata":{"contentMetadataViewModel":{"metadataRows":[{"metadataParts":[{"text":{"content":"Taarak Mehta Ka Ooltah Chashmah Episodes","styleRuns":[{"startIndex":40,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4289374890},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4284506208}]}}}],"attachmentRuns":[{"startIndex":40,"length":0,"element":{"type":{"imageType":{"image":{"sources":[{"clientResource":{"imageName":"CHECK_CIRCLE_FILLED"},"width":14,"height":14}]}}},"properties":{"layoutProperties":{"height":{"value":14,"unit":"DIMENSION_UNIT_POINT"},"width":{"value":14,"unit":"DIMENSION_UNIT_POINT"},"margin":{"left":{"value":4,"unit":"DIMENSION_UNIT_POINT"}}}}},"alignment":"ALIGNMENT_VERTICAL_CENTER"}]}}]},{"metadataParts":[{"text":{"content":"4.6K views"}},{"text":{"content":"16 hours ago"}}]},{"badges":[{"badgeViewModel":{"badgeText":"New","badgeStyle":"BADGE_DEFAULT","trackingParams":"COwBENTEDBgQIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY"}}]}],"delimiter":" • "}},"menuButton":{"buttonViewModel":{"iconName":"MORE_VERT","onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CO0BEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","showSheetCommand":{"panelLoadingStrategy":{"inlineContent":{"sheetViewModel":{"content":{"listViewModel":{"listItems":[{"listItemViewModel":{"title":{"content":"Add to queue"},"leadingImage":{"sources":[{"clientResource":{"imageName":"ADD_TO_QUEUE_TAIL"}}]},"rendererContext":{"loggingContext":{"loggingDirectives":{"trackingParams":"CPEBEP6YBBgAIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","visibility":{"types":"12"}}},"commandContext":{"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CPEBEP6YBBgAIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true}},"signalServiceEndpoint":{"signal":"CLIENT_SIGNAL","actions":[{"clickTrackingParams":"CPEBEP6YBBgAIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","addToPlaylistCommand":{"openMiniplayer":true,"videoId":"CuvNncmjAEQ","listType":"PLAYLIST_EDIT_LIST_TYPE_QUEUE","onCreateListCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CPEBEP6YBBgAIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/playlist/create"}},"createPlaylistServiceEndpoint":{"videoIds":["CuvNncmjAEQ"],"params":"CAQ%3D"}},"videoIds":["CuvNncmjAEQ"],"videoCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CPEBEP6YBBgAIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/watch?v=CuvNncmjAEQ","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_WATCH","rootVe":3832}},"watchEndpoint":{"videoId":"CuvNncmjAEQ","watchEndpointSupportedOnesieConfig":{"html5PlaybackOnesieConfig":{"commonConfig":{"url":"https://rr1---sn-fapo3ox25a-cq2l.googlevideo.com/initplayback?source=youtube\u0026oeis=1\u0026c=WEB\u0026oad=3200\u0026ovd=3200\u0026oaad=11000\u0026oavd=11000\u0026ocs=700\u0026oewis=1\u0026oputc=1\u0026ofpcc=1\u0026msp=1\u0026odepv=1\u0026id=0aebcd9dc9a30044\u0026ip=27.34.72.167\u0026initcwndbps=1372500\u0026mt=1777291542\u0026oweuc=\u0026pxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ\u0026rxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzMw%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNA%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNg"}}}}}}}]}}}}}}},{"listItemViewModel":{"title":{"content":"Save to playlist"},"leadingImage":{"sources":[{"clientResource":{"imageName":"BOOKMARK_BORDER"}}]},"rendererContext":{"loggingContext":{"loggingDirectives":{"trackingParams":"CPABEJSsCRgBIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","visibility":{"types":"12"}}},"commandContext":{"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CPABEJSsCRgBIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"https://accounts.google.com/ServiceLogin?service=youtube\u0026uilel=3\u0026passive=true\u0026continue=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.youtube.com%2Fsignin%3Faction_handle_signin%3Dtrue%26app%3Ddesktop%26hl%3Den\u0026hl=en","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_UNKNOWN","rootVe":83769}},"signInEndpoint":{"nextEndpoint":{"clickTrackingParams":"CPABEJSsCRgBIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","showSheetCommand":{"panelLoadingStrategy":{"requestTemplate":{"panelId":"PAadd_to_playlist","params":"-gYNCgtDdXZObmNtakFFUQ%3D%3D"}}}}}}}}}}},{"downloadListItemViewModel":{"rendererContext":{"loggingContext":{"loggingDirectives":{"trackingParams":"CO8BENGqBRgCIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","visibility":{"types":"12"}}},"commandContext":{"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CO8BENGqBRgCIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","offlineVideoEndpoint":{"videoId":"CuvNncmjAEQ","onAddCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CO8BENGqBRgCIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","getDownloadActionCommand":{"videoId":"CuvNncmjAEQ","params":"CAIQAA%3D%3D","isCrossDeviceDownload":false}}}}}}}}},{"listItemViewModel":{"title":{"content":"Share"},"leadingImage":{"sources":[{"clientResource":{"imageName":"SHARE"}}]},"rendererContext":{"commandContext":{"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CO0BEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/share/get_share_panel"}},"shareEntityServiceEndpoint":{"serializedShareEntity":"CgtDdXZObmNtakFFUQ%3D%3D","commands":[{"clickTrackingParams":"CO0BEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","openPopupAction":{"popup":{"unifiedSharePanelRenderer":{"trackingParams":"CO4BEI5iIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","showLoadingSpinner":true}},"popupType":"DIALOG","beReused":true}}]}}}}}}}]}}}}}}}},"accessibilityText":"More actions","style":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STYLE_MONO","trackingParams":"CO0BEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","type":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_TYPE_TEXT","buttonSize":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_SIZE_DEFAULT","state":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STATE_ACTIVE"}}}},"contentId":"CuvNncmjAEQ","contentType":"LOCKUP_CONTENT_TYPE_VIDEO","rendererContext":{"loggingContext":{"loggingDirectives":{"trackingParams":"COwBENTEDBgQIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","visibility":{"types":"12"}}},"accessibilityContext":{"label":"Daya ने Jethalal को क्यों रोका? | Taarak Mehta Ka Ooltah Chashmah | Exam Ke Results 39 minutes"},"commandContext":{"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"COwBENTEDBgQIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYMgdyZWxhdGVkSKjGo4ORgOmTzgGaAQUIARD4HcoBBNkXUCE=","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/watch?v=CuvNncmjAEQ","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_WATCH","rootVe":3832}},"watchEndpoint":{"videoId":"CuvNncmjAEQ","nofollow":true,"watchEndpointSupportedOnesieConfig":{"html5PlaybackOnesieConfig":{"commonConfig":{"url":"https://rr1---sn-fapo3ox25a-cq2l.googlevideo.com/initplayback?source=youtube\u0026oeis=1\u0026c=WEB\u0026oad=3200\u0026ovd=3200\u0026oaad=11000\u0026oavd=11000\u0026ocs=700\u0026oewis=1\u0026oputc=1\u0026ofpcc=1\u0026msp=1\u0026odepv=1\u0026id=0aebcd9dc9a30044\u0026ip=27.34.72.167\u0026initcwndbps=1372500\u0026mt=1777291542\u0026oweuc=\u0026pxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ\u0026rxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzMw%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNA%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNg"}}}}}}}}}},{"lockupViewModel":{"contentImage":{"thumbnailViewModel":{"image":{"sources":[{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/Hb1TlMTCeI4/hqdefault.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEbCKgBEF5IVfKriqkDDggBFQAAiEIYAXABwAEG\u0026rs=AOn4CLAPDz9KVjhgr52ua-h6Atwmp8TnYA","width":168,"height":94},{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/Hb1TlMTCeI4/hqdefault.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEcCNACELwBSFXyq4qpAw4IARUAAIhCGAFwAcABBg==\u0026rs=AOn4CLB_zRBlg_egIuhSxp0DP-9tS-fwpA","width":336,"height":188}]},"overlays":[{"thumbnailBottomOverlayViewModel":{"badges":[{"thumbnailBadgeViewModel":{"text":"2:14:47","badgeStyle":"THUMBNAIL_OVERLAY_BADGE_STYLE_DEFAULT","animationActivationTargetId":"Hb1TlMTCeI4","animationActivationEntityKey":"Eh8veW91dHViZS9hcHAvd2F0Y2gvcGxheWVyX3N0YXRlIMMCKAE%3D","lottieData":{"url":"https://www.gstatic.com/youtube/img/lottie/audio_indicator/audio_indicator_v2.json","settings":{"loop":true,"autoplay":true}},"animatedText":"Now playing","animationActivationEntitySelectorType":"THUMBNAIL_BADGE_ANIMATION_ENTITY_SELECTOR_TYPE_PLAYER_STATE","rendererContext":{"accessibilityContext":{"label":"2 hours, 14 minutes, 47 seconds"}}}}]}},{"animatedThumbnailOverlayViewModel":{"thumbnail":{"sources":[{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/an_webp/Hb1TlMTCeI4/mqdefault_6s.webp?du=3000\u0026sqp=CK6Qvc8G\u0026rs=AOn4CLB1kyvy7baoK90I-YI87OrGXFIfhQ","width":320,"height":180}]}}},{"thumbnailHoverOverlayToggleActionsViewModel":{"buttons":[{"toggleButtonViewModel":{"defaultButtonViewModel":{"buttonViewModel":{"iconName":"WATCH_LATER","onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"COsBEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/browse/edit_playlist"}},"playlistEditEndpoint":{"playlistId":"WL","actions":[{"addedVideoId":"Hb1TlMTCeI4","action":"ACTION_ADD_VIDEO"}]}}},"accessibilityText":"Watch later","style":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STYLE_OVERLAY_DARK","trackingParams":"COsBEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","type":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_TYPE_TONAL","buttonSize":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_SIZE_COMPACT","state":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STATE_ACTIVE"}},"toggledButtonViewModel":{"buttonViewModel":{"iconName":"CHECK","onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"COoBEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/browse/edit_playlist"}},"playlistEditEndpoint":{"playlistId":"WL","actions":[{"action":"ACTION_REMOVE_VIDEO_BY_VIDEO_ID","removedVideoId":"Hb1TlMTCeI4"}]}}},"accessibilityText":"Added","style":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STYLE_OVERLAY_DARK","trackingParams":"COoBEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","type":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_TYPE_TONAL","buttonSize":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_SIZE_COMPACT","state":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STATE_ACTIVE"}},"isToggled":false,"trackingParams":"COIBENTEDBgRIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY"}},{"toggleButtonViewModel":{"defaultButtonViewModel":{"buttonViewModel":{"iconName":"ADD_TO_QUEUE_TAIL","onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"COkBEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true}},"signalServiceEndpoint":{"signal":"CLIENT_SIGNAL","actions":[{"clickTrackingParams":"COkBEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","addToPlaylistCommand":{"openMiniplayer":false,"openListPanel":true,"videoId":"Hb1TlMTCeI4","listType":"PLAYLIST_EDIT_LIST_TYPE_QUEUE","onCreateListCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"COkBEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/playlist/create"}},"createPlaylistServiceEndpoint":{"videoIds":["Hb1TlMTCeI4"],"params":"CAQ%3D"}},"videoIds":["Hb1TlMTCeI4"],"videoCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"COkBEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/watch?v=Hb1TlMTCeI4","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_WATCH","rootVe":3832}},"watchEndpoint":{"videoId":"Hb1TlMTCeI4","watchEndpointSupportedOnesieConfig":{"html5PlaybackOnesieConfig":{"commonConfig":{"url":"https://rr5---sn-fapo3ox25a-cq2l.googlevideo.com/initplayback?source=youtube\u0026oeis=1\u0026c=WEB\u0026oad=3200\u0026ovd=3200\u0026oaad=11000\u0026oavd=11000\u0026ocs=700\u0026oewis=1\u0026oputc=1\u0026ofpcc=1\u0026msp=1\u0026odepv=1\u0026id=1dbd5394c4c2788e\u0026ip=27.34.72.167\u0026initcwndbps=1372500\u0026mt=1777291542\u0026oweuc=\u0026pxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ\u0026rxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzMw%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNA%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNg"}}}}}}}]}}},"accessibilityText":"Add to queue","style":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STYLE_OVERLAY_DARK","trackingParams":"COkBEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","type":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_TYPE_TONAL","buttonSize":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_SIZE_COMPACT","state":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STATE_ACTIVE"}},"toggledButtonViewModel":{"buttonViewModel":{"iconName":"CHECK","accessibilityText":"Added","style":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STYLE_OVERLAY_DARK","trackingParams":"COgBEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","type":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_TYPE_TONAL","buttonSize":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_SIZE_COMPACT","state":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STATE_ACTIVE"}},"isToggled":false,"trackingParams":"COIBENTEDBgRIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY"}}]}}]}},"metadata":{"lockupMetadataViewModel":{"title":{"content":"RAWAYAN || New Full Movie 2026 || Paul Shah, Pooja Sharma, Priyanka Karki, Prakash Shah, Prammod"},"image":{"decoratedAvatarViewModel":{"avatar":{"avatarViewModel":{"image":{"sources":[{"url":"https://yt3.ggpht.com/EDhIabTbucmu5VVbkPuqbgpg3LWFwGHuQk3ibCzfdEhvMUMAcQY_jUjCI84S2zPu34EY3L6Qzm4=s68-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj","width":68,"height":68}]},"avatarImageSize":"AVATAR_SIZE_M"}},"a11yLabel":"Go to channel OSR Movies","rendererContext":{"commandContext":{"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"COIBENTEDBgRIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/@OSRMovies","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_CHANNEL","rootVe":3611,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/browse"}},"browseEndpoint":{"browseId":"UCMJB4t_DykIriYit14RA2lQ","canonicalBaseUrl":"/@OSRMovies"}}}}}}},"metadata":{"contentMetadataViewModel":{"metadataRows":[{"metadataParts":[{"text":{"content":"OSR Movies","styleRuns":[{"startIndex":10,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4289374890},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4284506208}]}}}],"attachmentRuns":[{"startIndex":10,"length":0,"element":{"type":{"imageType":{"image":{"sources":[{"clientResource":{"imageName":"CHECK_CIRCLE_FILLED"},"width":14,"height":14}]}}},"properties":{"layoutProperties":{"height":{"value":14,"unit":"DIMENSION_UNIT_POINT"},"width":{"value":14,"unit":"DIMENSION_UNIT_POINT"},"margin":{"left":{"value":4,"unit":"DIMENSION_UNIT_POINT"}}}}},"alignment":"ALIGNMENT_VERTICAL_CENTER"}]}}]},{"metadataParts":[{"text":{"content":"529K views"}},{"text":{"content":"1 day ago"}}]},{"badges":[{"badgeViewModel":{"badgeText":"New","badgeStyle":"BADGE_DEFAULT","trackingParams":"COIBENTEDBgRIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY"}}]}],"delimiter":" • "}},"menuButton":{"buttonViewModel":{"iconName":"MORE_VERT","onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"COMBEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","showSheetCommand":{"panelLoadingStrategy":{"inlineContent":{"sheetViewModel":{"content":{"listViewModel":{"listItems":[{"listItemViewModel":{"title":{"content":"Add to queue"},"leadingImage":{"sources":[{"clientResource":{"imageName":"ADD_TO_QUEUE_TAIL"}}]},"rendererContext":{"loggingContext":{"loggingDirectives":{"trackingParams":"COcBEP6YBBgAIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","visibility":{"types":"12"}}},"commandContext":{"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"COcBEP6YBBgAIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true}},"signalServiceEndpoint":{"signal":"CLIENT_SIGNAL","actions":[{"clickTrackingParams":"COcBEP6YBBgAIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","addToPlaylistCommand":{"openMiniplayer":true,"videoId":"Hb1TlMTCeI4","listType":"PLAYLIST_EDIT_LIST_TYPE_QUEUE","onCreateListCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"COcBEP6YBBgAIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/playlist/create"}},"createPlaylistServiceEndpoint":{"videoIds":["Hb1TlMTCeI4"],"params":"CAQ%3D"}},"videoIds":["Hb1TlMTCeI4"],"videoCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"COcBEP6YBBgAIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/watch?v=Hb1TlMTCeI4","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_WATCH","rootVe":3832}},"watchEndpoint":{"videoId":"Hb1TlMTCeI4","watchEndpointSupportedOnesieConfig":{"html5PlaybackOnesieConfig":{"commonConfig":{"url":"https://rr5---sn-fapo3ox25a-cq2l.googlevideo.com/initplayback?source=youtube\u0026oeis=1\u0026c=WEB\u0026oad=3200\u0026ovd=3200\u0026oaad=11000\u0026oavd=11000\u0026ocs=700\u0026oewis=1\u0026oputc=1\u0026ofpcc=1\u0026msp=1\u0026odepv=1\u0026id=1dbd5394c4c2788e\u0026ip=27.34.72.167\u0026initcwndbps=1372500\u0026mt=1777291542\u0026oweuc=\u0026pxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ\u0026rxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzMw%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNA%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNg"}}}}}}}]}}}}}}},{"listItemViewModel":{"title":{"content":"Save to playlist"},"leadingImage":{"sources":[{"clientResource":{"imageName":"BOOKMARK_BORDER"}}]},"rendererContext":{"loggingContext":{"loggingDirectives":{"trackingParams":"COYBEJSsCRgBIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","visibility":{"types":"12"}}},"commandContext":{"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"COYBEJSsCRgBIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"https://accounts.google.com/ServiceLogin?service=youtube\u0026uilel=3\u0026passive=true\u0026continue=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.youtube.com%2Fsignin%3Faction_handle_signin%3Dtrue%26app%3Ddesktop%26hl%3Den\u0026hl=en","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_UNKNOWN","rootVe":83769}},"signInEndpoint":{"nextEndpoint":{"clickTrackingParams":"COYBEJSsCRgBIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","showSheetCommand":{"panelLoadingStrategy":{"requestTemplate":{"panelId":"PAadd_to_playlist","params":"-gYNCgtIYjFUbE1UQ2VJNA%3D%3D"}}}}}}}}}}},{"downloadListItemViewModel":{"rendererContext":{"loggingContext":{"loggingDirectives":{"trackingParams":"COUBENGqBRgCIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","visibility":{"types":"12"}}},"commandContext":{"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"COUBENGqBRgCIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","offlineVideoEndpoint":{"videoId":"Hb1TlMTCeI4","onAddCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"COUBENGqBRgCIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","getDownloadActionCommand":{"videoId":"Hb1TlMTCeI4","params":"CAIQAA%3D%3D","isCrossDeviceDownload":false}}}}}}}}},{"listItemViewModel":{"title":{"content":"Share"},"leadingImage":{"sources":[{"clientResource":{"imageName":"SHARE"}}]},"rendererContext":{"commandContext":{"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"COMBEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/share/get_share_panel"}},"shareEntityServiceEndpoint":{"serializedShareEntity":"CgtIYjFUbE1UQ2VJNA%3D%3D","commands":[{"clickTrackingParams":"COMBEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","openPopupAction":{"popup":{"unifiedSharePanelRenderer":{"trackingParams":"COQBEI5iIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","showLoadingSpinner":true}},"popupType":"DIALOG","beReused":true}}]}}}}}}}]}}}}}}}},"accessibilityText":"More actions","style":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STYLE_MONO","trackingParams":"COMBEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","type":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_TYPE_TEXT","buttonSize":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_SIZE_DEFAULT","state":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STATE_ACTIVE"}}}},"contentId":"Hb1TlMTCeI4","contentType":"LOCKUP_CONTENT_TYPE_VIDEO","rendererContext":{"loggingContext":{"loggingDirectives":{"trackingParams":"COIBENTEDBgRIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","visibility":{"types":"12"}}},"accessibilityContext":{"label":"RAWAYAN || New Full Movie 2026 || Paul Shah, Pooja Sharma, Priyanka Karki, Prakash Shah, Prammod 2 hours, 14 minutes"},"commandContext":{"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"COIBENTEDBgRIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYMgdyZWxhdGVkSKjGo4ORgOmTzgGaAQUIARD4HcoBBNkXUCE=","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/watch?v=Hb1TlMTCeI4","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_WATCH","rootVe":3832}},"watchEndpoint":{"videoId":"Hb1TlMTCeI4","nofollow":true,"watchEndpointSupportedOnesieConfig":{"html5PlaybackOnesieConfig":{"commonConfig":{"url":"https://rr5---sn-fapo3ox25a-cq2l.googlevideo.com/initplayback?source=youtube\u0026oeis=1\u0026c=WEB\u0026oad=3200\u0026ovd=3200\u0026oaad=11000\u0026oavd=11000\u0026ocs=700\u0026oewis=1\u0026oputc=1\u0026ofpcc=1\u0026msp=1\u0026odepv=1\u0026id=1dbd5394c4c2788e\u0026ip=27.34.72.167\u0026initcwndbps=1372500\u0026mt=1777291542\u0026oweuc=\u0026pxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ\u0026rxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzMw%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNA%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNg"}}}}}}}}}},{"lockupViewModel":{"contentImage":{"thumbnailViewModel":{"image":{"sources":[{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/HgTcdl8KpY8/hqdefault.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEbCKgBEF5IVfKriqkDDggBFQAAiEIYAXABwAEG\u0026rs=AOn4CLCh6o05cDxwYXWVNifNRUIvtoP-Ww","width":168,"height":94},{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/HgTcdl8KpY8/hqdefault.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEcCNACELwBSFXyq4qpAw4IARUAAIhCGAFwAcABBg==\u0026rs=AOn4CLBnPppnpVYxg-iyhfLmDOI5ZRefoQ","width":336,"height":188}]},"overlays":[{"thumbnailBottomOverlayViewModel":{"badges":[{"thumbnailBadgeViewModel":{"text":"31:50","badgeStyle":"THUMBNAIL_OVERLAY_BADGE_STYLE_DEFAULT","animationActivationTargetId":"HgTcdl8KpY8","animationActivationEntityKey":"Eh8veW91dHViZS9hcHAvd2F0Y2gvcGxheWVyX3N0YXRlIMMCKAE%3D","lottieData":{"url":"https://www.gstatic.com/youtube/img/lottie/audio_indicator/audio_indicator_v2.json","settings":{"loop":true,"autoplay":true}},"animatedText":"Now playing","animationActivationEntitySelectorType":"THUMBNAIL_BADGE_ANIMATION_ENTITY_SELECTOR_TYPE_PLAYER_STATE","rendererContext":{"accessibilityContext":{"label":"31 minutes, 50 seconds"}}}}]}},{"animatedThumbnailOverlayViewModel":{"thumbnail":{"sources":[{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/an_webp/HgTcdl8KpY8/mqdefault_6s.webp?du=3000\u0026sqp=CPj-vM8G\u0026rs=AOn4CLBVRNOTIF5oTii7A_kFqz8c60eFEg","width":320,"height":180}]}}},{"thumbnailHoverOverlayToggleActionsViewModel":{"buttons":[{"toggleButtonViewModel":{"defaultButtonViewModel":{"buttonViewModel":{"iconName":"WATCH_LATER","onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"COEBEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/browse/edit_playlist"}},"playlistEditEndpoint":{"playlistId":"WL","actions":[{"addedVideoId":"HgTcdl8KpY8","action":"ACTION_ADD_VIDEO"}]}}},"accessibilityText":"Watch later","style":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STYLE_OVERLAY_DARK","trackingParams":"COEBEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","type":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_TYPE_TONAL","buttonSize":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_SIZE_COMPACT","state":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STATE_ACTIVE"}},"toggledButtonViewModel":{"buttonViewModel":{"iconName":"CHECK","onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"COABEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/browse/edit_playlist"}},"playlistEditEndpoint":{"playlistId":"WL","actions":[{"action":"ACTION_REMOVE_VIDEO_BY_VIDEO_ID","removedVideoId":"HgTcdl8KpY8"}]}}},"accessibilityText":"Added","style":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STYLE_OVERLAY_DARK","trackingParams":"COABEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","type":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_TYPE_TONAL","buttonSize":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_SIZE_COMPACT","state":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STATE_ACTIVE"}},"isToggled":false,"trackingParams":"CNgBENTEDBgSIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY"}},{"toggleButtonViewModel":{"defaultButtonViewModel":{"buttonViewModel":{"iconName":"ADD_TO_QUEUE_TAIL","onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CN8BEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true}},"signalServiceEndpoint":{"signal":"CLIENT_SIGNAL","actions":[{"clickTrackingParams":"CN8BEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","addToPlaylistCommand":{"openMiniplayer":false,"openListPanel":true,"videoId":"HgTcdl8KpY8","listType":"PLAYLIST_EDIT_LIST_TYPE_QUEUE","onCreateListCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CN8BEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/playlist/create"}},"createPlaylistServiceEndpoint":{"videoIds":["HgTcdl8KpY8"],"params":"CAQ%3D"}},"videoIds":["HgTcdl8KpY8"],"videoCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CN8BEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/watch?v=HgTcdl8KpY8","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_WATCH","rootVe":3832}},"watchEndpoint":{"videoId":"HgTcdl8KpY8","watchEndpointSupportedOnesieConfig":{"html5PlaybackOnesieConfig":{"commonConfig":{"url":"https://rr5---sn-fapo3ox25a-cq2l.googlevideo.com/initplayback?source=youtube\u0026oeis=1\u0026c=WEB\u0026oad=3200\u0026ovd=3200\u0026oaad=11000\u0026oavd=11000\u0026ocs=700\u0026oewis=1\u0026oputc=1\u0026ofpcc=1\u0026msp=1\u0026odepv=1\u0026id=1e04dc765f0aa58f\u0026ip=27.34.72.167\u0026initcwndbps=1372500\u0026mt=1777291542\u0026oweuc=\u0026pxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ\u0026rxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzMw%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNA%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNg"}}}}}}}]}}},"accessibilityText":"Add to queue","style":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STYLE_OVERLAY_DARK","trackingParams":"CN8BEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","type":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_TYPE_TONAL","buttonSize":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_SIZE_COMPACT","state":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STATE_ACTIVE"}},"toggledButtonViewModel":{"buttonViewModel":{"iconName":"CHECK","accessibilityText":"Added","style":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STYLE_OVERLAY_DARK","trackingParams":"CN4BEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","type":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_TYPE_TONAL","buttonSize":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_SIZE_COMPACT","state":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STATE_ACTIVE"}},"isToggled":false,"trackingParams":"CNgBENTEDBgSIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY"}}]}}]}},"metadata":{"lockupMetadataViewModel":{"title":{"content":"China’s Craziest City😍 Welcome to Chongqing "},"image":{"decoratedAvatarViewModel":{"avatar":{"avatarViewModel":{"image":{"sources":[{"url":"https://yt3.ggpht.com/9m5l7hDgQDxCVM35v304LoLrscAzBXLaJRkSViw_6b9vUzCa2uSAgHsK7juyYbwqeZAWcrl0=s68-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj","width":68,"height":68}]},"avatarImageSize":"AVATAR_SIZE_M"}},"a11yLabel":"Go to channel SURAKSHYA KC OFFICIAL","rendererContext":{"commandContext":{"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CNgBENTEDBgSIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/@SURAKSHYAKCOFFICIAL","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_CHANNEL","rootVe":3611,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/browse"}},"browseEndpoint":{"browseId":"UCmK0Iu33R5NqUYyhy4SHKpQ","canonicalBaseUrl":"/@SURAKSHYAKCOFFICIAL"}}}}}}},"metadata":{"contentMetadataViewModel":{"metadataRows":[{"metadataParts":[{"text":{"content":"SURAKSHYA KC OFFICIAL","styleRuns":[{"startIndex":21,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4289374890},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4284506208}]}}}],"attachmentRuns":[{"startIndex":21,"length":0,"element":{"type":{"imageType":{"image":{"sources":[{"clientResource":{"imageName":"CHECK_CIRCLE_FILLED"},"width":14,"height":14}]}}},"properties":{"layoutProperties":{"height":{"value":14,"unit":"DIMENSION_UNIT_POINT"},"width":{"value":14,"unit":"DIMENSION_UNIT_POINT"},"margin":{"left":{"value":4,"unit":"DIMENSION_UNIT_POINT"}}}}},"alignment":"ALIGNMENT_VERTICAL_CENTER"}]}}]},{"metadataParts":[{"text":{"content":"203K views"}},{"text":{"content":"1 day ago"}}]},{"badges":[{"badgeViewModel":{"badgeText":"New","badgeStyle":"BADGE_DEFAULT","trackingParams":"CNgBENTEDBgSIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY"}}]}],"delimiter":" • "}},"menuButton":{"buttonViewModel":{"iconName":"MORE_VERT","onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CNkBEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","showSheetCommand":{"panelLoadingStrategy":{"inlineContent":{"sheetViewModel":{"content":{"listViewModel":{"listItems":[{"listItemViewModel":{"title":{"content":"Add to queue"},"leadingImage":{"sources":[{"clientResource":{"imageName":"ADD_TO_QUEUE_TAIL"}}]},"rendererContext":{"loggingContext":{"loggingDirectives":{"trackingParams":"CN0BEP6YBBgAIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","visibility":{"types":"12"}}},"commandContext":{"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CN0BEP6YBBgAIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true}},"signalServiceEndpoint":{"signal":"CLIENT_SIGNAL","actions":[{"clickTrackingParams":"CN0BEP6YBBgAIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","addToPlaylistCommand":{"openMiniplayer":true,"videoId":"HgTcdl8KpY8","listType":"PLAYLIST_EDIT_LIST_TYPE_QUEUE","onCreateListCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CN0BEP6YBBgAIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/playlist/create"}},"createPlaylistServiceEndpoint":{"videoIds":["HgTcdl8KpY8"],"params":"CAQ%3D"}},"videoIds":["HgTcdl8KpY8"],"videoCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CN0BEP6YBBgAIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/watch?v=HgTcdl8KpY8","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_WATCH","rootVe":3832}},"watchEndpoint":{"videoId":"HgTcdl8KpY8","watchEndpointSupportedOnesieConfig":{"html5PlaybackOnesieConfig":{"commonConfig":{"url":"https://rr5---sn-fapo3ox25a-cq2l.googlevideo.com/initplayback?source=youtube\u0026oeis=1\u0026c=WEB\u0026oad=3200\u0026ovd=3200\u0026oaad=11000\u0026oavd=11000\u0026ocs=700\u0026oewis=1\u0026oputc=1\u0026ofpcc=1\u0026msp=1\u0026odepv=1\u0026id=1e04dc765f0aa58f\u0026ip=27.34.72.167\u0026initcwndbps=1372500\u0026mt=1777291542\u0026oweuc=\u0026pxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ\u0026rxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzMw%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNA%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNg"}}}}}}}]}}}}}}},{"listItemViewModel":{"title":{"content":"Save to playlist"},"leadingImage":{"sources":[{"clientResource":{"imageName":"BOOKMARK_BORDER"}}]},"rendererContext":{"loggingContext":{"loggingDirectives":{"trackingParams":"CNwBEJSsCRgBIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","visibility":{"types":"12"}}},"commandContext":{"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CNwBEJSsCRgBIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"https://accounts.google.com/ServiceLogin?service=youtube\u0026uilel=3\u0026passive=true\u0026continue=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.youtube.com%2Fsignin%3Faction_handle_signin%3Dtrue%26app%3Ddesktop%26hl%3Den\u0026hl=en","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_UNKNOWN","rootVe":83769}},"signInEndpoint":{"nextEndpoint":{"clickTrackingParams":"CNwBEJSsCRgBIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","showSheetCommand":{"panelLoadingStrategy":{"requestTemplate":{"panelId":"PAadd_to_playlist","params":"-gYNCgtIZ1RjZGw4S3BZOA%3D%3D"}}}}}}}}}}},{"downloadListItemViewModel":{"rendererContext":{"loggingContext":{"loggingDirectives":{"trackingParams":"CNsBENGqBRgCIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","visibility":{"types":"12"}}},"commandContext":{"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CNsBENGqBRgCIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","offlineVideoEndpoint":{"videoId":"HgTcdl8KpY8","onAddCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CNsBENGqBRgCIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","getDownloadActionCommand":{"videoId":"HgTcdl8KpY8","params":"CAIQAA%3D%3D","isCrossDeviceDownload":false}}}}}}}}},{"listItemViewModel":{"title":{"content":"Share"},"leadingImage":{"sources":[{"clientResource":{"imageName":"SHARE"}}]},"rendererContext":{"commandContext":{"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CNkBEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/share/get_share_panel"}},"shareEntityServiceEndpoint":{"serializedShareEntity":"CgtIZ1RjZGw4S3BZOA%3D%3D","commands":[{"clickTrackingParams":"CNkBEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","openPopupAction":{"popup":{"unifiedSharePanelRenderer":{"trackingParams":"CNoBEI5iIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","showLoadingSpinner":true}},"popupType":"DIALOG","beReused":true}}]}}}}}}}]}}}}}}}},"accessibilityText":"More actions","style":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STYLE_MONO","trackingParams":"CNkBEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","type":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_TYPE_TEXT","buttonSize":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_SIZE_DEFAULT","state":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STATE_ACTIVE"}}}},"contentId":"HgTcdl8KpY8","contentType":"LOCKUP_CONTENT_TYPE_VIDEO","rendererContext":{"loggingContext":{"loggingDirectives":{"trackingParams":"CNgBENTEDBgSIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","visibility":{"types":"12"}}},"accessibilityContext":{"label":"China’s Craziest City😍 Welcome to Chongqing 31 minutes"},"commandContext":{"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CNgBENTEDBgSIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYMgdyZWxhdGVkSKjGo4ORgOmTzgGaAQUIARD4HcoBBNkXUCE=","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/watch?v=HgTcdl8KpY8","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_WATCH","rootVe":3832}},"watchEndpoint":{"videoId":"HgTcdl8KpY8","nofollow":true,"watchEndpointSupportedOnesieConfig":{"html5PlaybackOnesieConfig":{"commonConfig":{"url":"https://rr5---sn-fapo3ox25a-cq2l.googlevideo.com/initplayback?source=youtube\u0026oeis=1\u0026c=WEB\u0026oad=3200\u0026ovd=3200\u0026oaad=11000\u0026oavd=11000\u0026ocs=700\u0026oewis=1\u0026oputc=1\u0026ofpcc=1\u0026msp=1\u0026odepv=1\u0026id=1e04dc765f0aa58f\u0026ip=27.34.72.167\u0026initcwndbps=1372500\u0026mt=1777291542\u0026oweuc=\u0026pxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ\u0026rxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzMw%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNA%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNg"}}}}}}}}}},{"lockupViewModel":{"contentImage":{"thumbnailViewModel":{"image":{"sources":[{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/b_S_HKC7aNQ/hqdefault.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEbCKgBEF5IVfKriqkDDggBFQAAiEIYAXABwAEG\u0026rs=AOn4CLA8I9XV3ALkd2g5QRi0fBZPELVj6Q","width":168,"height":94},{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/b_S_HKC7aNQ/hqdefault.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEcCNACELwBSFXyq4qpAw4IARUAAIhCGAFwAcABBg==\u0026rs=AOn4CLAfS5WMg97h5hm8wD06X3atf3Aa1A","width":336,"height":188}]},"overlays":[{"thumbnailBottomOverlayViewModel":{"badges":[{"thumbnailBadgeViewModel":{"text":"1:01:04","badgeStyle":"THUMBNAIL_OVERLAY_BADGE_STYLE_DEFAULT","animationActivationTargetId":"b_S_HKC7aNQ","animationActivationEntityKey":"Eh8veW91dHViZS9hcHAvd2F0Y2gvcGxheWVyX3N0YXRlIMMCKAE%3D","lottieData":{"url":"https://www.gstatic.com/youtube/img/lottie/audio_indicator/audio_indicator_v2.json","settings":{"loop":true,"autoplay":true}},"animatedText":"Now playing","animationActivationEntitySelectorType":"THUMBNAIL_BADGE_ANIMATION_ENTITY_SELECTOR_TYPE_PLAYER_STATE","rendererContext":{"accessibilityContext":{"label":"1 hour, 1 minute, 4 seconds"}}}}]}},{"animatedThumbnailOverlayViewModel":{"thumbnail":{"sources":[{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/an_webp/b_S_HKC7aNQ/mqdefault_6s.webp?du=3000\u0026sqp=CISkvc8G\u0026rs=AOn4CLAxBIL-pe0hhUUaTR05mYe0hTSPbg","width":320,"height":180}]}}},{"thumbnailHoverOverlayToggleActionsViewModel":{"buttons":[{"toggleButtonViewModel":{"defaultButtonViewModel":{"buttonViewModel":{"iconName":"WATCH_LATER","onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CNcBEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/browse/edit_playlist"}},"playlistEditEndpoint":{"playlistId":"WL","actions":[{"addedVideoId":"b_S_HKC7aNQ","action":"ACTION_ADD_VIDEO"}]}}},"accessibilityText":"Watch later","style":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STYLE_OVERLAY_DARK","trackingParams":"CNcBEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","type":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_TYPE_TONAL","buttonSize":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_SIZE_COMPACT","state":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STATE_ACTIVE"}},"toggledButtonViewModel":{"buttonViewModel":{"iconName":"CHECK","onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CNYBEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/browse/edit_playlist"}},"playlistEditEndpoint":{"playlistId":"WL","actions":[{"action":"ACTION_REMOVE_VIDEO_BY_VIDEO_ID","removedVideoId":"b_S_HKC7aNQ"}]}}},"accessibilityText":"Added","style":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STYLE_OVERLAY_DARK","trackingParams":"CNYBEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","type":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_TYPE_TONAL","buttonSize":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_SIZE_COMPACT","state":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STATE_ACTIVE"}},"isToggled":false,"trackingParams":"CM4BENTEDBgTIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY"}},{"toggleButtonViewModel":{"defaultButtonViewModel":{"buttonViewModel":{"iconName":"ADD_TO_QUEUE_TAIL","onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CNUBEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true}},"signalServiceEndpoint":{"signal":"CLIENT_SIGNAL","actions":[{"clickTrackingParams":"CNUBEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","addToPlaylistCommand":{"openMiniplayer":false,"openListPanel":true,"videoId":"b_S_HKC7aNQ","listType":"PLAYLIST_EDIT_LIST_TYPE_QUEUE","onCreateListCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CNUBEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/playlist/create"}},"createPlaylistServiceEndpoint":{"videoIds":["b_S_HKC7aNQ"],"params":"CAQ%3D"}},"videoIds":["b_S_HKC7aNQ"],"videoCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CNUBEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/watch?v=b_S_HKC7aNQ","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_WATCH","rootVe":3832}},"watchEndpoint":{"videoId":"b_S_HKC7aNQ","watchEndpointSupportedOnesieConfig":{"html5PlaybackOnesieConfig":{"commonConfig":{"url":"https://rr4---sn-fapo3ox25a-cq2l.googlevideo.com/initplayback?source=youtube\u0026oeis=1\u0026c=WEB\u0026oad=3200\u0026ovd=3200\u0026oaad=11000\u0026oavd=11000\u0026ocs=700\u0026oewis=1\u0026oputc=1\u0026ofpcc=1\u0026msp=1\u0026odepv=1\u0026id=6ff4bf1ca0bb68d4\u0026ip=27.34.72.167\u0026initcwndbps=1372500\u0026mt=1777291542\u0026oweuc=\u0026pxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ\u0026rxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzMw%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNA%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNg"}}}}}}}]}}},"accessibilityText":"Add to queue","style":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STYLE_OVERLAY_DARK","trackingParams":"CNUBEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","type":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_TYPE_TONAL","buttonSize":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_SIZE_COMPACT","state":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STATE_ACTIVE"}},"toggledButtonViewModel":{"buttonViewModel":{"iconName":"CHECK","accessibilityText":"Added","style":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STYLE_OVERLAY_DARK","trackingParams":"CNQBEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","type":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_TYPE_TONAL","buttonSize":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_SIZE_COMPACT","state":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STATE_ACTIVE"}},"isToggled":false,"trackingParams":"CM4BENTEDBgTIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY"}}]}}]}},"metadata":{"lockupMetadataViewModel":{"title":{"content":"SAKAS || सकस || Episode 139 || Nepali Social Serial | Raju,Tara, Binod, Anju | 25 April 2025"},"image":{"decoratedAvatarViewModel":{"avatar":{"avatarViewModel":{"image":{"sources":[{"url":"https://yt3.ggpht.com/ytc/AIdro_kD39C_jyYOmCY5Zwwcz9mDK10HbYJeHhOsJDdmbINFxg=s68-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj","width":68,"height":68}]},"avatarImageSize":"AVATAR_SIZE_M"}},"a11yLabel":"Go to channel Master TV","rendererContext":{"commandContext":{"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CM4BENTEDBgTIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/@MasterTVNepal","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_CHANNEL","rootVe":3611,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/browse"}},"browseEndpoint":{"browseId":"UCgJiJkUTIO0gOhsjsgGZL6Q","canonicalBaseUrl":"/@MasterTVNepal"}}}}}}},"metadata":{"contentMetadataViewModel":{"metadataRows":[{"metadataParts":[{"text":{"content":"Master TV","styleRuns":[{"startIndex":9,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4289374890},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4284506208}]}}}],"attachmentRuns":[{"startIndex":9,"length":0,"element":{"type":{"imageType":{"image":{"sources":[{"clientResource":{"imageName":"CHECK_CIRCLE_FILLED"},"width":14,"height":14}]}}},"properties":{"layoutProperties":{"height":{"value":14,"unit":"DIMENSION_UNIT_POINT"},"width":{"value":14,"unit":"DIMENSION_UNIT_POINT"},"margin":{"left":{"value":4,"unit":"DIMENSION_UNIT_POINT"}}}}},"alignment":"ALIGNMENT_VERTICAL_CENTER"}]}}]},{"metadataParts":[{"text":{"content":"956K views"}},{"text":{"content":"1 day ago"}}]},{"badges":[{"badgeViewModel":{"badgeText":"New","badgeStyle":"BADGE_DEFAULT","trackingParams":"CM4BENTEDBgTIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY"}}]}],"delimiter":" • "}},"menuButton":{"buttonViewModel":{"iconName":"MORE_VERT","onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CM8BEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","showSheetCommand":{"panelLoadingStrategy":{"inlineContent":{"sheetViewModel":{"content":{"listViewModel":{"listItems":[{"listItemViewModel":{"title":{"content":"Add to queue"},"leadingImage":{"sources":[{"clientResource":{"imageName":"ADD_TO_QUEUE_TAIL"}}]},"rendererContext":{"loggingContext":{"loggingDirectives":{"trackingParams":"CNMBEP6YBBgAIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","visibility":{"types":"12"}}},"commandContext":{"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CNMBEP6YBBgAIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true}},"signalServiceEndpoint":{"signal":"CLIENT_SIGNAL","actions":[{"clickTrackingParams":"CNMBEP6YBBgAIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","addToPlaylistCommand":{"openMiniplayer":true,"videoId":"b_S_HKC7aNQ","listType":"PLAYLIST_EDIT_LIST_TYPE_QUEUE","onCreateListCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CNMBEP6YBBgAIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/playlist/create"}},"createPlaylistServiceEndpoint":{"videoIds":["b_S_HKC7aNQ"],"params":"CAQ%3D"}},"videoIds":["b_S_HKC7aNQ"],"videoCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CNMBEP6YBBgAIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/watch?v=b_S_HKC7aNQ","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_WATCH","rootVe":3832}},"watchEndpoint":{"videoId":"b_S_HKC7aNQ","watchEndpointSupportedOnesieConfig":{"html5PlaybackOnesieConfig":{"commonConfig":{"url":"https://rr4---sn-fapo3ox25a-cq2l.googlevideo.com/initplayback?source=youtube\u0026oeis=1\u0026c=WEB\u0026oad=3200\u0026ovd=3200\u0026oaad=11000\u0026oavd=11000\u0026ocs=700\u0026oewis=1\u0026oputc=1\u0026ofpcc=1\u0026msp=1\u0026odepv=1\u0026id=6ff4bf1ca0bb68d4\u0026ip=27.34.72.167\u0026initcwndbps=1372500\u0026mt=1777291542\u0026oweuc=\u0026pxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ\u0026rxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzMw%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNA%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNg"}}}}}}}]}}}}}}},{"listItemViewModel":{"title":{"content":"Save to playlist"},"leadingImage":{"sources":[{"clientResource":{"imageName":"BOOKMARK_BORDER"}}]},"rendererContext":{"loggingContext":{"loggingDirectives":{"trackingParams":"CNIBEJSsCRgBIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","visibility":{"types":"12"}}},"commandContext":{"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CNIBEJSsCRgBIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"https://accounts.google.com/ServiceLogin?service=youtube\u0026uilel=3\u0026passive=true\u0026continue=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.youtube.com%2Fsignin%3Faction_handle_signin%3Dtrue%26app%3Ddesktop%26hl%3Den\u0026hl=en","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_UNKNOWN","rootVe":83769}},"signInEndpoint":{"nextEndpoint":{"clickTrackingParams":"CNIBEJSsCRgBIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","showSheetCommand":{"panelLoadingStrategy":{"requestTemplate":{"panelId":"PAadd_to_playlist","params":"-gYNCgtiX1NfSEtDN2FOUQ%3D%3D"}}}}}}}}}}},{"downloadListItemViewModel":{"rendererContext":{"loggingContext":{"loggingDirectives":{"trackingParams":"CNEBENGqBRgCIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","visibility":{"types":"12"}}},"commandContext":{"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CNEBENGqBRgCIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","offlineVideoEndpoint":{"videoId":"b_S_HKC7aNQ","onAddCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CNEBENGqBRgCIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","getDownloadActionCommand":{"videoId":"b_S_HKC7aNQ","params":"CAIQAA%3D%3D","isCrossDeviceDownload":false}}}}}}}}},{"listItemViewModel":{"title":{"content":"Share"},"leadingImage":{"sources":[{"clientResource":{"imageName":"SHARE"}}]},"rendererContext":{"commandContext":{"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CM8BEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/share/get_share_panel"}},"shareEntityServiceEndpoint":{"serializedShareEntity":"CgtiX1NfSEtDN2FOUQ%3D%3D","commands":[{"clickTrackingParams":"CM8BEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","openPopupAction":{"popup":{"unifiedSharePanelRenderer":{"trackingParams":"CNABEI5iIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","showLoadingSpinner":true}},"popupType":"DIALOG","beReused":true}}]}}}}}}}]}}}}}}}},"accessibilityText":"More actions","style":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STYLE_MONO","trackingParams":"CM8BEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","type":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_TYPE_TEXT","buttonSize":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_SIZE_DEFAULT","state":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STATE_ACTIVE"}}}},"contentId":"b_S_HKC7aNQ","contentType":"LOCKUP_CONTENT_TYPE_VIDEO","rendererContext":{"loggingContext":{"loggingDirectives":{"trackingParams":"CM4BENTEDBgTIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","visibility":{"types":"12"}}},"accessibilityContext":{"label":"SAKAS || सकस || Episode 139 || Nepali Social Serial | Raju,Tara, Binod, Anju | 25 April 2025 1 hour, 1 minute"},"commandContext":{"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CM4BENTEDBgTIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYMgdyZWxhdGVkSKjGo4ORgOmTzgGaAQUIARD4HcoBBNkXUCE=","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/watch?v=b_S_HKC7aNQ","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_WATCH","rootVe":3832}},"watchEndpoint":{"videoId":"b_S_HKC7aNQ","nofollow":true,"watchEndpointSupportedOnesieConfig":{"html5PlaybackOnesieConfig":{"commonConfig":{"url":"https://rr4---sn-fapo3ox25a-cq2l.googlevideo.com/initplayback?source=youtube\u0026oeis=1\u0026c=WEB\u0026oad=3200\u0026ovd=3200\u0026oaad=11000\u0026oavd=11000\u0026ocs=700\u0026oewis=1\u0026oputc=1\u0026ofpcc=1\u0026msp=1\u0026odepv=1\u0026id=6ff4bf1ca0bb68d4\u0026ip=27.34.72.167\u0026initcwndbps=1372500\u0026mt=1777291542\u0026oweuc=\u0026pxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ\u0026rxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzMw%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNA%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNg"}}}}}}}}}},{"continuationItemRenderer":{"trigger":"CONTINUATION_TRIGGER_ON_ITEM_SHOWN","continuationEndpoint":{"clickTrackingParams":"CMwBELsvGAAiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFjKAQTZF1Ah","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/next"}},"continuationCommand":{"token":"CBQSKBILemlla0FSQm80eWcyAMABAcgBAeABAaICDSj___________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%3D%3D","request":"CONTINUATION_REQUEST_TYPE_WATCH_NEXT"}},"button":{"buttonRenderer":{"style":"STYLE_SUGGESTIVE","size":"SIZE_DEFAULT","isDisabled":false,"text":{"runs":[{"text":"Show more"}]},"trackingParams":"CM0BEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","command":{"clickTrackingParams":"CM0BEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/next"}},"continuationCommand":{"token":"CBQSKBILemlla0FSQm80eWcyAMABAcgBAeABAaICDSj___________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%3D%3D","request":"CONTINUATION_REQUEST_TYPE_WATCH_NEXT"}}}}}}],"trackingParams":"CMwBELsvGAAiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFg=","sectionIdentifier":"sid-wn-chips","targetId":"watch-next-feed"}}],"trackingParams":"CMsBEKkwIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY"}},"autoplay":{"autoplay":{"sets":[{"mode":"NORMAL","autoplayVideo":{"clickTrackingParams":"CMoBEOGSASITCNqZzNqAjpQDFR5LOAUd_MYsWDIMcmVsYXRlZC1hdXRvSKjGo4ORgOmTzgGaAQUIAxD4HcoBBNkXUCE=","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/watch?v=K-ouk9BqlO4\u0026pp=QAFIAQ%3D%3D","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_WATCH","rootVe":3832}},"watchEndpoint":{"videoId":"K-ouk9BqlO4","params":"EAEYAdoBBAgBKgA%3D","playerParams":"QAFIAQ%3D%3D","watchEndpointSupportedPrefetchConfig":{"prefetchHintConfig":{"prefetchPriority":0,"countdownUiRelativeSecondsPrefetchCondition":-3}}}}}],"countDownSecs":5,"trackingParams":"CMoBEOGSASITCNqZzNqAjpQDFR5LOAUd_MYsWA=="}},"conversationBar":{"liveChatRenderer":{"continuations":[{"reloadContinuationData":{"continuation":"op2w0wRuGl5DaWtxSndvWVZVTnVOVU4wZDBGdk4yOWxTRlZNWkd4V2JDMUlUVXQzRWd0NmFXVnJRVkpDYnpSNVp4b1Q2cWpkdVFFTkNndDZhV1ZyUVZKQ2J6UjVaeUFCTUFBJTNEQAFyCAgEGAIgACgAeAE%3D","clickTrackingParams":"CMkBEMamAiITCNqZzNqAjpQDFR5LOAUd_MYsWMoBBNkXUCE="}}],"header":{"liveChatHeaderRenderer":{"overflowMenu":{"menuRenderer":{"items":[{"clientSideToggleMenuItemRenderer":{"defaultText":{"runs":[{"text":"Timestamps"}]},"defaultIcon":{"iconType":"ACCESS_TIME"},"toggledText":{"runs":[{"text":"Timestamps"}]},"toggledIcon":{"iconType":"ACCESS_TIME"},"menuItemIdentifier":"timestamp_toggle","command":{"clickTrackingParams":"CMEBEJffASITCNqZzNqAjpQDFR5LOAUd_MYsWMoBBNkXUCE=","toggleLiveChatTimestampsEndpoint":{"hack":true}}}},{"menuNavigationItemRenderer":{"text":{"runs":[{"text":"Send feedback"}]},"icon":{"iconType":"FEEDBACK"},"navigationEndpoint":{"clickTrackingParams":"CMEBEJffASITCNqZzNqAjpQDFR5LOAUd_MYsWMoBBNkXUCE=","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"ignoreNavigation":true}},"userFeedbackEndpoint":{"hack":true,"bucketIdentifier":"live_chat"}},"trackingParams":"CMEBEJffASITCNqZzNqAjpQDFR5LOAUd_MYsWA=="}}],"trackingParams":"CMEBEJffASITCNqZzNqAjpQDFR5LOAUd_MYsWA==","accessibility":{"accessibilityData":{"label":"More options"}}}},"collapseButton":{"buttonRenderer":{"style":"STYLE_DEFAULT","size":"SIZE_DEFAULT","isDisabled":false,"icon":{"iconType":"CLOSE"},"accessibility":{"label":"Close"},"trackingParams":"CMgBEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","command":{"clickTrackingParams":"CMgBEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true}},"signalServiceEndpoint":{"signal":"CLIENT_SIGNAL","actions":[{"clickTrackingParams":"CMgBEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","signalAction":{"signal":"HIDE_LIVE_CHAT"}}]}}}},"viewSelector":{"sortFilterSubMenuRenderer":{"subMenuItems":[{"title":"Top chat replay","selected":true,"continuation":{"reloadContinuationData":{"continuation":"op2w0wQOGgBAAXIICAQYACAAKAE%3D","clickTrackingParams":"CMcBEMamAiITCNqZzNqAjpQDFR5LOAUd_MYsWMoBBNkXUCE="}},"accessibility":{"accessibilityData":{"label":"Top chat replay"}},"subtitle":"Some messages, such as potential spam, may not be visible","trackingParams":"CMYBEOPABxgAIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY"},{"title":"Live chat replay","selected":false,"continuation":{"reloadContinuationData":{"continuation":"op2w0wQOGgBAAXIICAEYACAAKAE%3D","clickTrackingParams":"CMUBEMamAiITCNqZzNqAjpQDFR5LOAUd_MYsWMoBBNkXUCE="}},"accessibility":{"accessibilityData":{"label":"Live chat replay"}},"subtitle":"All messages are visible","trackingParams":"CMQBEOPABxgBIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY"}],"accessibility":{"accessibilityData":{"label":"Live Chat mode selection"}},"trackingParams":"CMMBEIHaBCITCNqZzNqAjpQDFR5LOAUd_MYsWA==","targetId":"live-chat-view-selector-sub-menu"}}}},"trackingParams":"CMEBEJffASITCNqZzNqAjpQDFR5LOAUd_MYsWA==","clientMessages":{"reconnectMessage":{"runs":[{"text":"Chat disconnected. Please wait while we try to reconnect you."}]},"unableToReconnectMessage":{"runs":[{"text":"Unable to connect to chat. Please try again later."}]},"fatalError":{"runs":[{"text":"Unable to connect to chat. Please try again later."}]},"reconnectedMessage":{"runs":[{"text":"Successfully connected."}]},"genericError":{"runs":[{"text":"Error, try again."}]}},"isReplay":true,"initialDisplayState":"LIVE_CHAT_DISPLAY_STATE_EXPANDED","showButton":{"buttonRenderer":{"style":"STYLE_DEFAULT","size":"SIZE_DEFAULT","isDisabled":false,"text":{"simpleText":"Show chat replay"},"trackingParams":"CMIBEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY"}}}}}},"currentVideoEndpoint":{"clickTrackingParams":"CAAQg2ciEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFjKAQTZF1Ah","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/watch?v=ziekARBo4yg","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_WATCH","rootVe":3832}},"watchEndpoint":{"videoId":"ziekARBo4yg","watchEndpointSupportedOnesieConfig":{"html5PlaybackOnesieConfig":{"commonConfig":{"url":"https://rr2---sn-fapo3ox25a-cq2l.googlevideo.com/initplayback?source=youtube\u0026oeis=1\u0026c=WEB\u0026oad=3200\u0026ovd=3200\u0026oaad=11000\u0026oavd=11000\u0026ocs=700\u0026oewis=1\u0026oputc=1\u0026ofpcc=1\u0026msp=1\u0026odepv=1\u0026id=ce27a4011068e328\u0026ip=27.34.72.167\u0026initcwndbps=1372500\u0026mt=1777291542\u0026oweuc=\u0026pxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ\u0026rxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzMw%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNA%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNg"}}}}},"trackingParams":"CAAQg2ciEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFjKAQTZF1Ah","playerOverlays":{"playerOverlayRenderer":{"endScreen":{"watchNextEndScreenRenderer":{"results":[{"endScreenVideoRenderer":{"videoId":"K-ouk9BqlO4","thumbnail":{"thumbnails":[{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/K-ouk9BqlO4/hqdefault.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEbCKgBEF5IVfKriqkDDggBFQAAiEIYAXABwAEG\u0026rs=AOn4CLAfEyGVQIaVV00UuM8ih62cd2loWw","width":168,"height":94},{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/K-ouk9BqlO4/hqdefault.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEbCMQBEG5IVfKriqkDDggBFQAAiEIYAXABwAEG\u0026rs=AOn4CLAqSTHxjVQ-XdI4xNhL4jIOtPV2Vw","width":196,"height":110},{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/K-ouk9BqlO4/hqdefault.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEcCPYBEIoBSFXyq4qpAw4IARUAAIhCGAFwAcABBg==\u0026rs=AOn4CLDA93lmlOZJtRq_f2G4CRzEytDVCw","width":246,"height":138},{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/K-ouk9BqlO4/hqdefault.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEcCNACELwBSFXyq4qpAw4IARUAAIhCGAFwAcABBg==\u0026rs=AOn4CLDJ4r--Sqn5zULxXFXOkMmGugGYDA","width":336,"height":188}],"lightColorPalette":{"section2Color":16314865,"section3Color":15919335,"primaryTitleColor":1642768,"secondaryTitleColor":8344914,"section4Color":15458013},"darkColorPalette":{"section2Color":3346446,"section3Color":2493450,"primaryTitleColor":16771045,"secondaryTitleColor":13411747,"section4Color":1640455}},"title":{"accessibility":{"accessibilityData":{"label":"Create a Social Campaign in Adobe Express | Adobe Express 27 minutes"}},"simpleText":"Create a Social Campaign in Adobe Express | Adobe Express"},"shortBylineText":{"runs":[{"text":"Adobe Express","navigationEndpoint":{"clickTrackingParams":"CMABEL1OGAAiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFjKAQTZF1Ah","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/@AdobeExpress","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_CHANNEL","rootVe":3611,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/browse"}},"browseEndpoint":{"browseId":"UCn5CtwAo7oeHULdlVl-HMKw","canonicalBaseUrl":"/@AdobeExpress"}}}]},"lengthText":{"accessibility":{"accessibilityData":{"label":"27 minutes, 1 second"}},"simpleText":"27:01"},"lengthInSeconds":1621,"navigationEndpoint":{"clickTrackingParams":"CMABEL1OGAAiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFgyCWVuZHNjcmVlbkioxqODkYDpk84BmgEFCAIQ-B3KAQTZF1Ah","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/watch?v=K-ouk9BqlO4","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_WATCH","rootVe":3832}},"watchEndpoint":{"videoId":"K-ouk9BqlO4","watchEndpointSupportedOnesieConfig":{"html5PlaybackOnesieConfig":{"commonConfig":{"url":"https://rr1---sn-fapo3ox25a-cq2l.googlevideo.com/initplayback?source=youtube\u0026oeis=1\u0026c=WEB\u0026oad=3200\u0026ovd=3200\u0026oaad=11000\u0026oavd=11000\u0026ocs=700\u0026oewis=1\u0026oputc=1\u0026ofpcc=1\u0026msp=1\u0026odepv=1\u0026id=2bea2e93d06a94ee\u0026ip=27.34.72.167\u0026initcwndbps=1372500\u0026mt=1777291542\u0026oweuc=\u0026pxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ\u0026rxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzMw%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNA%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNg"}}}}},"trackingParams":"CMABEL1OGAAiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFg=","shortViewCountText":{"accessibility":{"accessibilityData":{"label":"8.1 thousand views"}},"simpleText":"8.1K views"},"publishedTimeText":{"simpleText":"Streamed 3 years ago"},"thumbnailOverlays":[{"thumbnailOverlayTimeStatusRenderer":{"text":{"accessibility":{"accessibilityData":{"label":"27 minutes, 1 second"}},"simpleText":"27:01"},"style":"DEFAULT"}},{"thumbnailOverlayNowPlayingRenderer":{"text":{"runs":[{"text":"Now playing"}]}}}]}},{"endScreenVideoRenderer":{"videoId":"WQxyZPwXwO4","thumbnail":{"thumbnails":[{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/WQxyZPwXwO4/hqdefault.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEbCKgBEF5IVfKriqkDDggBFQAAiEIYAXABwAEG\u0026rs=AOn4CLCjuTJBWxeWKIWTqWYE40PAXVp4_A","width":168,"height":94},{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/WQxyZPwXwO4/hqdefault.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEbCMQBEG5IVfKriqkDDggBFQAAiEIYAXABwAEG\u0026rs=AOn4CLA4aQzB9MwDMUhKO0HTMsIsImjhww","width":196,"height":110},{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/WQxyZPwXwO4/hqdefault.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEcCPYBEIoBSFXyq4qpAw4IARUAAIhCGAFwAcABBg==\u0026rs=AOn4CLDG8XXYC3wxqrHuh-TWL4Ucq3Wu1w","width":246,"height":138},{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/WQxyZPwXwO4/hqdefault.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEcCNACELwBSFXyq4qpAw4IARUAAIhCGAFwAcABBg==\u0026rs=AOn4CLCXwrhyDpG3w0l2n521eHtQR21WuQ","width":336,"height":188}],"lightColorPalette":{"section2Color":15856888,"section3Color":15199474,"primaryTitleColor":1316377,"secondaryTitleColor":5792624,"section4Color":14542059},"darkColorPalette":{"section2Color":2633011,"section3Color":1974566,"primaryTitleColor":15069695,"secondaryTitleColor":10728908,"section4Color":1316377}},"title":{"accessibility":{"accessibilityData":{"label":"Himali Bhegma (हिमाली भेगमा) -Trishna Gurung || Official Video 4 minutes, 46 seconds"}},"simpleText":"Himali Bhegma (हिमाली भेगमा) -Trishna Gurung || Official Video"},"shortBylineText":{"runs":[{"text":"Trishna Gurung","navigationEndpoint":{"clickTrackingParams":"CL8BEL1OGAEiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFjKAQTZF1Ah","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/@TrishnaGurungofficial","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_CHANNEL","rootVe":3611,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/browse"}},"browseEndpoint":{"browseId":"UCPlgeIislxV5OCxNJ8LAfUA","canonicalBaseUrl":"/@TrishnaGurungofficial"}}}]},"lengthText":{"accessibility":{"accessibilityData":{"label":"4 minutes, 46 seconds"}},"simpleText":"4:46"},"lengthInSeconds":286,"navigationEndpoint":{"clickTrackingParams":"CL8BEL1OGAEiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFgyCWVuZHNjcmVlbkioxqODkYDpk84BmgEFCAIQ-B3KAQTZF1Ah","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/watch?v=WQxyZPwXwO4\u0026list=RDWQxyZPwXwO4\u0026start_radio=1\u0026pp=oAcB","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_WATCH","rootVe":3832}},"watchEndpoint":{"videoId":"WQxyZPwXwO4","playlistId":"RDWQxyZPwXwO4","params":"OAHAAQG4BQE%3D","playerParams":"oAcB","loggingContext":{"vssLoggingContext":{"serializedContextData":"Gg1SRFdReHlaUHdYd080"}},"watchEndpointSupportedOnesieConfig":{"html5PlaybackOnesieConfig":{"commonConfig":{"url":"https://rr3---sn-fapo3ox25a-cq2e.googlevideo.com/initplayback?source=youtube\u0026oeis=1\u0026c=WEB\u0026oad=3200\u0026ovd=3200\u0026oaad=11000\u0026oavd=11000\u0026ocs=700\u0026oewis=1\u0026oputc=1\u0026ofpcc=1\u0026msp=1\u0026odepv=1\u0026id=590c7264fc17c0ee\u0026ip=27.34.72.167\u0026initcwndbps=1480000\u0026mt=1777291542\u0026oweuc=\u0026pxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ\u0026rxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzMw%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNA%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNg"}}}}},"trackingParams":"CL8BEL1OGAEiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFg=","shortViewCountText":{"accessibility":{"accessibilityData":{"label":"231 thousand views"}},"simpleText":"231K views"},"publishedTimeText":{"simpleText":"2 days ago"},"thumbnailOverlays":[{"thumbnailOverlayTimeStatusRenderer":{"text":{"accessibility":{"accessibilityData":{"label":"4 minutes, 46 seconds"}},"simpleText":"4:46"},"style":"DEFAULT","icon":{"iconType":"MUSIC"}}},{"thumbnailOverlayNowPlayingRenderer":{"text":{"runs":[{"text":"Now playing"}]}}}]}},{"endScreenVideoRenderer":{"videoId":"Vo6QTBMdUfU","thumbnail":{"thumbnails":[{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/Vo6QTBMdUfU/hqdefault.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEbCKgBEF5IVfKriqkDDggBFQAAiEIYAXABwAEG\u0026rs=AOn4CLD9rAKFS3iBVEkBDFTbiqCl_AtI1w","width":168,"height":94},{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/Vo6QTBMdUfU/hqdefault.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEbCMQBEG5IVfKriqkDDggBFQAAiEIYAXABwAEG\u0026rs=AOn4CLAC-SvksxI6jRKEDozJZfQkARzf3g","width":196,"height":110},{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/Vo6QTBMdUfU/hqdefault.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEcCPYBEIoBSFXyq4qpAw4IARUAAIhCGAFwAcABBg==\u0026rs=AOn4CLAneDBNp4VAi9Tvz3Em9ycG6woaWQ","width":246,"height":138},{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/Vo6QTBMdUfU/hqdefault.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEcCNACELwBSFXyq4qpAw4IARUAAIhCGAFwAcABBg==\u0026rs=AOn4CLB01EjdHR8qI1n0Fad9453GKpHFmQ","width":336,"height":188}],"lightColorPalette":{"section2Color":16315121,"section3Color":15919591,"primaryTitleColor":1643024,"secondaryTitleColor":8017999,"section4Color":15458525},"darkColorPalette":{"section2Color":3349012,"section3Color":2495503,"primaryTitleColor":16771813,"secondaryTitleColor":13413283,"section4Color":1641738}},"title":{"accessibility":{"accessibilityData":{"label":"1 Day vs 50,000 Day Build Challenge 19 minutes"}},"simpleText":"1 Day vs 50,000 Day Build Challenge"},"shortBylineText":{"runs":[{"text":"MrBeast Gaming","navigationEndpoint":{"clickTrackingParams":"CL4BEL1OGAIiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFjKAQTZF1Ah","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/@MrBeastGaming","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_CHANNEL","rootVe":3611,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/browse"}},"browseEndpoint":{"browseId":"UCIPPMRA040LQr5QPyJEbmXA","canonicalBaseUrl":"/@MrBeastGaming"}}}]},"lengthText":{"accessibility":{"accessibilityData":{"label":"19 minutes, 46 seconds"}},"simpleText":"19:46"},"lengthInSeconds":1186,"navigationEndpoint":{"clickTrackingParams":"CL4BEL1OGAIiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFgyCWVuZHNjcmVlbkioxqODkYDpk84BmgEFCAIQ-B3KAQTZF1Ah","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/watch?v=Vo6QTBMdUfU\u0026pp=ugUEEgJlbg%3D%3D","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_WATCH","rootVe":3832}},"watchEndpoint":{"videoId":"Vo6QTBMdUfU","playerParams":"ugUEEgJlbg%3D%3D","ustreamerConfig":"KgYKBBICZW4=","watchEndpointSupportedOnesieConfig":{"html5PlaybackOnesieConfig":{"commonConfig":{"url":"https://rr7---sn-fapo3ox25a-cq2e.googlevideo.com/initplayback?source=youtube\u0026oeis=1\u0026c=WEB\u0026oad=3200\u0026ovd=3200\u0026oaad=11000\u0026oavd=11000\u0026ocs=700\u0026oewis=1\u0026oputc=1\u0026ofpcc=1\u0026msp=1\u0026odepv=1\u0026id=568e904c131d51f5\u0026ip=27.34.72.167\u0026initcwndbps=1480000\u0026mt=1777291542\u0026oweuc=\u0026pxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ\u0026rxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzMw%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNA%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNg"}}}}},"trackingParams":"CL4BEL1OGAIiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFg=","shortViewCountText":{"accessibility":{"accessibilityData":{"label":"15 million views"}},"simpleText":"15M views"},"publishedTimeText":{"simpleText":"1 day ago"},"thumbnailOverlays":[{"thumbnailOverlayTimeStatusRenderer":{"text":{"accessibility":{"accessibilityData":{"label":"19 minutes, 46 seconds"}},"simpleText":"19:46"},"style":"DEFAULT"}},{"thumbnailOverlayNowPlayingRenderer":{"text":{"runs":[{"text":"Now playing"}]}}}]}},{"endScreenVideoRenderer":{"videoId":"3F7e6t6YeVc","thumbnail":{"thumbnails":[{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/3F7e6t6YeVc/hqdefault.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEbCKgBEF5IVfKriqkDDggBFQAAiEIYAXABwAEG\u0026rs=AOn4CLB8ldKoRsWYcyRjgd0M8Uo1AzZ6LA","width":168,"height":94},{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/3F7e6t6YeVc/hqdefault.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEbCMQBEG5IVfKriqkDDggBFQAAiEIYAXABwAEG\u0026rs=AOn4CLBgg4sFNVEGd3PywulywOvmLjYKjA","width":196,"height":110},{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/3F7e6t6YeVc/hqdefault.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEcCPYBEIoBSFXyq4qpAw4IARUAAIhCGAFwAcABBg==\u0026rs=AOn4CLBFbYz_8QGMhYrKpyxWkPQmi7DpjA","width":246,"height":138},{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/3F7e6t6YeVc/hqdefault.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEcCNACELwBSFXyq4qpAw4IARUAAIhCGAFwAcABBg==\u0026rs=AOn4CLCIHnW0mM3-Fpf5NtalZkgkAyCCYg","width":336,"height":188}],"lightColorPalette":{"section2Color":15856888,"section3Color":15199218,"primaryTitleColor":1185049,"secondaryTitleColor":5530229,"section4Color":14541803},"darkColorPalette":{"section2Color":2370099,"section3Color":1777702,"primaryTitleColor":15069183,"secondaryTitleColor":10728396,"section4Color":1185049}},"title":{"accessibility":{"accessibilityData":{"label":"धोबीखोला खाने VIP ‘गिद्ध’ हरू ! यी हुन् खोलामाथि महल ठड्याउने भूमाफिया ! कहिले चल्छ बालेनको डोजर ? 22 minutes"}},"simpleText":"धोबीखोला खाने VIP ‘गिद्ध’ हरू ! यी हुन् खोलामाथि महल ठड्याउने भूमाफिया ! कहिले चल्छ बालेनको डोजर ?"},"shortBylineText":{"runs":[{"text":"Prime Television","navigationEndpoint":{"clickTrackingParams":"CL0BEL1OGAMiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFjKAQTZF1Ah","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/@PrimeTelevisionHD","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_CHANNEL","rootVe":3611,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/browse"}},"browseEndpoint":{"browseId":"UCL1Zr3XniRSwZOcqnpAKtfg","canonicalBaseUrl":"/@PrimeTelevisionHD"}}}]},"lengthText":{"accessibility":{"accessibilityData":{"label":"22 minutes, 11 seconds"}},"simpleText":"22:11"},"lengthInSeconds":1331,"navigationEndpoint":{"clickTrackingParams":"CL0BEL1OGAMiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFgyCWVuZHNjcmVlbkioxqODkYDpk84BmgEFCAIQ-B3KAQTZF1Ah","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/watch?v=3F7e6t6YeVc\u0026pp=0gcJCdQKAYcqIYzv","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_WATCH","rootVe":3832}},"watchEndpoint":{"videoId":"3F7e6t6YeVc","playerParams":"0gcJCdQKAYcqIYzv","watchEndpointSupportedOnesieConfig":{"html5PlaybackOnesieConfig":{"commonConfig":{"url":"https://rr1---sn-fapo3ox25a-cq2l.googlevideo.com/initplayback?source=youtube\u0026oeis=1\u0026c=WEB\u0026oad=3200\u0026ovd=3200\u0026oaad=11000\u0026oavd=11000\u0026ocs=700\u0026oewis=1\u0026oputc=1\u0026ofpcc=1\u0026msp=1\u0026odepv=1\u0026id=dc5edeeade987957\u0026ip=27.34.72.167\u0026initcwndbps=1372500\u0026mt=1777291542\u0026oweuc=\u0026pxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ\u0026rxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzMw%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNA%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNg"}}}}},"trackingParams":"CL0BEL1OGAMiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFg=","shortViewCountText":{"accessibility":{"accessibilityData":{"label":"116 thousand views"}},"simpleText":"116K views"},"publishedTimeText":{"simpleText":"19 hours ago"},"thumbnailOverlays":[{"thumbnailOverlayTimeStatusRenderer":{"text":{"accessibility":{"accessibilityData":{"label":"22 minutes, 11 seconds"}},"simpleText":"22:11"},"style":"DEFAULT"}},{"thumbnailOverlayNowPlayingRenderer":{"text":{"runs":[{"text":"Now playing"}]}}}]}},{"endScreenVideoRenderer":{"videoId":"A2ucWCu6hqg","thumbnail":{"thumbnails":[{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/A2ucWCu6hqg/hqdefault.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEbCKgBEF5IVfKriqkDDggBFQAAiEIYAXABwAEG\u0026rs=AOn4CLDpLTlz-pgPhzDcGJHeX9LJgkERNA","width":168,"height":94},{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/A2ucWCu6hqg/hqdefault.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEbCMQBEG5IVfKriqkDDggBFQAAiEIYAXABwAEG\u0026rs=AOn4CLDcrcwBuJYOTAY-IbNnJSBsJ_kCEg","width":196,"height":110},{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/A2ucWCu6hqg/hqdefault.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEcCPYBEIoBSFXyq4qpAw4IARUAAIhCGAFwAcABBg==\u0026rs=AOn4CLBFhYwLJgLztC5Rnw80JHmTTRKqew","width":246,"height":138},{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/A2ucWCu6hqg/hqdefault.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEcCNACELwBSFXyq4qpAw4IARUAAIhCGAFwAcABBg==\u0026rs=AOn4CLApyg7zlYd07QgigqgltLbaXteH6Q","width":336,"height":188}],"lightColorPalette":{"section2Color":16314865,"section3Color":15919335,"primaryTitleColor":1642768,"secondaryTitleColor":8345426,"section4Color":15458269},"darkColorPalette":{"section2Color":3350044,"section3Color":2496277,"primaryTitleColor":16771301,"secondaryTitleColor":13412259,"section4Color":1642254}},"title":{"accessibility":{"accessibilityData":{"label":"The rise and fall of Sudan Gurung: From Hami Nepal to Home Minister 31 minutes"}},"simpleText":"The rise and fall of Sudan Gurung: From Hami Nepal to Home Minister"},"shortBylineText":{"runs":[{"text":"IN-Depth Story","navigationEndpoint":{"clickTrackingParams":"CLwBEL1OGAQiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFjKAQTZF1Ah","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/@INDepthStory","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_CHANNEL","rootVe":3611,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/browse"}},"browseEndpoint":{"browseId":"UCPpEV25F4A2r_yc0sxKniPA","canonicalBaseUrl":"/@INDepthStory"}}}]},"lengthText":{"accessibility":{"accessibilityData":{"label":"31 minutes, 29 seconds"}},"simpleText":"31:29"},"lengthInSeconds":1889,"navigationEndpoint":{"clickTrackingParams":"CLwBEL1OGAQiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFgyCWVuZHNjcmVlbkioxqODkYDpk84BmgEFCAIQ-B3KAQTZF1Ah","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/watch?v=A2ucWCu6hqg","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_WATCH","rootVe":3832}},"watchEndpoint":{"videoId":"A2ucWCu6hqg","watchEndpointSupportedOnesieConfig":{"html5PlaybackOnesieConfig":{"commonConfig":{"url":"https://rr2---sn-fapo3ox25a-cq2l.googlevideo.com/initplayback?source=youtube\u0026oeis=1\u0026c=WEB\u0026oad=3200\u0026ovd=3200\u0026oaad=11000\u0026oavd=11000\u0026ocs=700\u0026oewis=1\u0026oputc=1\u0026ofpcc=1\u0026msp=1\u0026odepv=1\u0026id=036b9c582bba86a8\u0026ip=27.34.72.167\u0026initcwndbps=1372500\u0026mt=1777291542\u0026oweuc=\u0026pxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ\u0026rxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzMw%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNA%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNg"}}}}},"trackingParams":"CLwBEL1OGAQiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFg=","shortViewCountText":{"accessibility":{"accessibilityData":{"label":"410 thousand views"}},"simpleText":"410K views"},"publishedTimeText":{"simpleText":"2 days ago"},"thumbnailOverlays":[{"thumbnailOverlayTimeStatusRenderer":{"text":{"accessibility":{"accessibilityData":{"label":"31 minutes, 29 seconds"}},"simpleText":"31:29"},"style":"DEFAULT"}},{"thumbnailOverlayNowPlayingRenderer":{"text":{"runs":[{"text":"Now playing"}]}}}]}},{"endScreenVideoRenderer":{"videoId":"B1S7sULGd64","thumbnail":{"thumbnails":[{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/B1S7sULGd64/hqdefault.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEbCKgBEF5IVfKriqkDDggBFQAAiEIYAXABwAEG\u0026rs=AOn4CLAhjfGkQn288L92PXQ5r8awA9JWyQ","width":168,"height":94},{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/B1S7sULGd64/hqdefault.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEbCMQBEG5IVfKriqkDDggBFQAAiEIYAXABwAEG\u0026rs=AOn4CLBuSGfgbkdr3v52psBzd_ba1SGeLQ","width":196,"height":110},{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/B1S7sULGd64/hqdefault.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEcCPYBEIoBSFXyq4qpAw4IARUAAIhCGAFwAcABBg==\u0026rs=AOn4CLBdRo49CeFm7EUmEGTWdO4M0fxEAg","width":246,"height":138},{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/B1S7sULGd64/hqdefault.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEcCNACELwBSFXyq4qpAw4IARUAAIhCGAFwAcABBg==\u0026rs=AOn4CLAmgkAkgTyaqu1mzT6TOBj9y5rYiw","width":336,"height":188}],"lightColorPalette":{"section2Color":16315633,"section3Color":15920103,"primaryTitleColor":1644052,"secondaryTitleColor":7036502,"section4Color":15459293},"darkColorPalette":{"section2Color":3353897,"section3Color":2498846,"primaryTitleColor":16773093,"secondaryTitleColor":13415588,"section4Color":1644052}},"title":{"accessibility":{"accessibilityData":{"label":"मनोहराका ५ तल्ले महलमा चल्यो डोजर, सुकुम्बासी भन्दै लाखौं भाडा उठाउने पक्की शहर नै भेटियो 10 minutes, 41 seconds"}},"simpleText":"मनोहराका ५ तल्ले महलमा चल्यो डोजर, सुकुम्बासी भन्दै लाखौं भाडा उठाउने पक्की शहर नै भेटियो"},"shortBylineText":{"runs":[{"text":"Harek News TV","navigationEndpoint":{"clickTrackingParams":"CLsBEL1OGAUiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFjKAQTZF1Ah","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/@hareknewstv","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_CHANNEL","rootVe":3611,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/browse"}},"browseEndpoint":{"browseId":"UCu7Qfb4QPsZk4cn-yHQrWQg","canonicalBaseUrl":"/@hareknewstv"}}}]},"lengthText":{"accessibility":{"accessibilityData":{"label":"10 minutes, 41 seconds"}},"simpleText":"10:41"},"lengthInSeconds":641,"navigationEndpoint":{"clickTrackingParams":"CLsBEL1OGAUiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFgyCWVuZHNjcmVlbkioxqODkYDpk84BmgEFCAIQ-B3KAQTZF1Ah","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/watch?v=B1S7sULGd64","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_WATCH","rootVe":3832}},"watchEndpoint":{"videoId":"B1S7sULGd64","watchEndpointSupportedOnesieConfig":{"html5PlaybackOnesieConfig":{"commonConfig":{"url":"https://rr3---sn-fapo3ox25a-cq2e.googlevideo.com/initplayback?source=youtube\u0026oeis=1\u0026c=WEB\u0026oad=3200\u0026ovd=3200\u0026oaad=11000\u0026oavd=11000\u0026ocs=700\u0026oewis=1\u0026oputc=1\u0026ofpcc=1\u0026msp=1\u0026odepv=1\u0026id=0754bbb142c677ae\u0026ip=27.34.72.167\u0026initcwndbps=1480000\u0026mt=1777291542\u0026oweuc=\u0026pxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ\u0026rxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzMw%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNA%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNg"}}}}},"trackingParams":"CLsBEL1OGAUiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFg=","shortViewCountText":{"accessibility":{"accessibilityData":{"label":"60 thousand views"}},"simpleText":"60K views"},"publishedTimeText":{"simpleText":"6 hours ago"},"thumbnailOverlays":[{"thumbnailOverlayTimeStatusRenderer":{"text":{"accessibility":{"accessibilityData":{"label":"10 minutes, 41 seconds"}},"simpleText":"10:41"},"style":"DEFAULT"}},{"thumbnailOverlayNowPlayingRenderer":{"text":{"runs":[{"text":"Now playing"}]}}}]}},{"endScreenVideoRenderer":{"videoId":"iNePpdr5J4E","thumbnail":{"thumbnails":[{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/iNePpdr5J4E/hqdefault.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEbCKgBEF5IVfKriqkDDggBFQAAiEIYAXABwAEG\u0026rs=AOn4CLBs_JvSyYlqxZu9DP3Z9R3IMeMjFw","width":168,"height":94},{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/iNePpdr5J4E/hqdefault.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEbCMQBEG5IVfKriqkDDggBFQAAiEIYAXABwAEG\u0026rs=AOn4CLC0faB-1r1ALB9k0YOVYJsJ3yyTqw","width":196,"height":110},{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/iNePpdr5J4E/hqdefault.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEcCPYBEIoBSFXyq4qpAw4IARUAAIhCGAFwAcABBg==\u0026rs=AOn4CLCpFuFrRqXxxSIJpUX8H2Da_c5Irw","width":246,"height":138},{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/iNePpdr5J4E/hqdefault.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEcCNACELwBSFXyq4qpAw4IARUAAIhCGAFwAcABBg==\u0026rs=AOn4CLCxqgs7rK4WqZSBTbY6mEhQ9CBmGg","width":336,"height":188}],"lightColorPalette":{"section2Color":16315633,"section3Color":15920359,"primaryTitleColor":1643794,"secondaryTitleColor":7364176,"section4Color":15459549},"darkColorPalette":{"section2Color":3353380,"section3Color":2498587,"primaryTitleColor":16773605,"secondaryTitleColor":13415843,"section4Color":1643794}},"title":{"accessibility":{"accessibilityData":{"label":"Team CID के लिए Red Powder बना बड़ा सबूत! | CID | New Season | Full Episode 46 minutes"}},"simpleText":"Team CID के लिए Red Powder बना बड़ा सबूत! | CID | New Season | Full Episode"},"shortBylineText":{"runs":[{"text":"LIV Crime","navigationEndpoint":{"clickTrackingParams":"CLoBEL1OGAYiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFjKAQTZF1Ah","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/@LIVCrime","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_CHANNEL","rootVe":3611,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/browse"}},"browseEndpoint":{"browseId":"UCzXpAx4v6rFLYXkJZ5nmSvQ","canonicalBaseUrl":"/@LIVCrime"}}}]},"lengthText":{"accessibility":{"accessibilityData":{"label":"46 minutes, 21 seconds"}},"simpleText":"46:21"},"lengthInSeconds":2781,"navigationEndpoint":{"clickTrackingParams":"CLoBEL1OGAYiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFgyCWVuZHNjcmVlbkioxqODkYDpk84BmgEFCAIQ-B3KAQTZF1Ah","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/watch?v=iNePpdr5J4E","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_WATCH","rootVe":3832}},"watchEndpoint":{"videoId":"iNePpdr5J4E","watchEndpointSupportedOnesieConfig":{"html5PlaybackOnesieConfig":{"commonConfig":{"url":"https://rr5---sn-fapo3ox25a-cq2e.googlevideo.com/initplayback?source=youtube\u0026oeis=1\u0026c=WEB\u0026oad=3200\u0026ovd=3200\u0026oaad=11000\u0026oavd=11000\u0026ocs=700\u0026oewis=1\u0026oputc=1\u0026ofpcc=1\u0026msp=1\u0026odepv=1\u0026id=88d78fa5daf92781\u0026ip=27.34.72.167\u0026initcwndbps=1480000\u0026mt=1777291542\u0026oweuc=\u0026pxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ\u0026rxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzMw%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNA%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNg"}}}}},"trackingParams":"CLoBEL1OGAYiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFg=","shortViewCountText":{"accessibility":{"accessibilityData":{"label":"2 million views"}},"simpleText":"2M views"},"publishedTimeText":{"simpleText":"2 days ago"},"thumbnailOverlays":[{"thumbnailOverlayTimeStatusRenderer":{"text":{"accessibility":{"accessibilityData":{"label":"46 minutes, 21 seconds"}},"simpleText":"46:21"},"style":"DEFAULT"}},{"thumbnailOverlayNowPlayingRenderer":{"text":{"runs":[{"text":"Now playing"}]}}}]}},{"endScreenVideoRenderer":{"videoId":"4FOnXh3ox1k","thumbnail":{"thumbnails":[{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/4FOnXh3ox1k/hqdefault.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEbCKgBEF5IVfKriqkDDggBFQAAiEIYAXABwAEG\u0026rs=AOn4CLAu-bUjXPYCWZe7G1crcH8NpPA-vQ","width":168,"height":94},{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/4FOnXh3ox1k/hqdefault.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEbCMQBEG5IVfKriqkDDggBFQAAiEIYAXABwAEG\u0026rs=AOn4CLD5nLyo-XgmFmsbxYUoN1wqJ2qCNQ","width":196,"height":110},{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/4FOnXh3ox1k/hqdefault.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEcCPYBEIoBSFXyq4qpAw4IARUAAIhCGAFwAcABBg==\u0026rs=AOn4CLAPVz8uLJyj5tRa3WlbdTd6Rqgwgg","width":246,"height":138},{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/4FOnXh3ox1k/hqdefault.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEcCNACELwBSFXyq4qpAw4IARUAAIhCGAFwAcABBg==\u0026rs=AOn4CLDXUtrZ3es-CMDQz4o6qaOlmMiWvg","width":336,"height":188}],"lightColorPalette":{"section2Color":15857144,"section3Color":15199986,"primaryTitleColor":1054233,"secondaryTitleColor":5006709,"section4Color":14542571},"darkColorPalette":{"section2Color":467507,"section3Color":334118,"primaryTitleColor":15070719,"secondaryTitleColor":10730700,"section4Color":200985}},"title":{"accessibility":{"accessibilityData":{"label":"यिनीहरुको बिजोग भए बालेनको राजनीति समाप्त। विष्णु र प्रदीपको विगतको कर्म। हर्कले भने–‘ढेडुमुखे’ 1 hour, 16 minutes"}},"simpleText":"यिनीहरुको बिजोग भए बालेनको राजनीति समाप्त। विष्णु र प्रदीपको विगतको कर्म। हर्कले भने–‘ढेडुमुखे’"},"shortBylineText":{"runs":[{"text":"News24 Nepal","navigationEndpoint":{"clickTrackingParams":"CLkBEL1OGAciEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFjKAQTZF1Ah","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/@news24tvchannel","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_CHANNEL","rootVe":3611,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/browse"}},"browseEndpoint":{"browseId":"UCjG2HX7jfwqIjzTlaF1CPGA","canonicalBaseUrl":"/@news24tvchannel"}}}]},"lengthText":{"accessibility":{"accessibilityData":{"label":"1 hour, 16 minutes, 53 seconds"}},"simpleText":"1:16:53"},"lengthInSeconds":4613,"navigationEndpoint":{"clickTrackingParams":"CLkBEL1OGAciEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFgyCWVuZHNjcmVlbkioxqODkYDpk84BmgEFCAIQ-B3KAQTZF1Ah","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/watch?v=4FOnXh3ox1k","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_WATCH","rootVe":3832}},"watchEndpoint":{"videoId":"4FOnXh3ox1k","watchEndpointSupportedOnesieConfig":{"html5PlaybackOnesieConfig":{"commonConfig":{"url":"https://rr3---sn-fapo3ox25a-cq2e.googlevideo.com/initplayback?source=youtube\u0026oeis=1\u0026c=WEB\u0026oad=3200\u0026ovd=3200\u0026oaad=11000\u0026oavd=11000\u0026ocs=700\u0026oewis=1\u0026oputc=1\u0026ofpcc=1\u0026msp=1\u0026odepv=1\u0026id=e053a75e1de8c759\u0026ip=27.34.72.167\u0026initcwndbps=1480000\u0026mt=1777291542\u0026oweuc=\u0026pxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ\u0026rxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzMw%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNA%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNg"}}}}},"trackingParams":"CLkBEL1OGAciEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFg=","shortViewCountText":{"accessibility":{"accessibilityData":{"label":"244 thousand views"}},"simpleText":"244K views"},"publishedTimeText":{"simpleText":"18 hours ago"},"thumbnailOverlays":[{"thumbnailOverlayTimeStatusRenderer":{"text":{"accessibility":{"accessibilityData":{"label":"1 hour, 16 minutes, 53 seconds"}},"simpleText":"1:16:53"},"style":"DEFAULT"}},{"thumbnailOverlayNowPlayingRenderer":{"text":{"runs":[{"text":"Now playing"}]}}}]}},{"endScreenVideoRenderer":{"videoId":"0hQ2spB9Oe4","thumbnail":{"thumbnails":[{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/0hQ2spB9Oe4/hqdefault.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEbCKgBEF5IVfKriqkDDggBFQAAiEIYAXABwAEG\u0026rs=AOn4CLAx7djURwHKRAR2UNy9oo1XNTd3wg","width":168,"height":94},{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/0hQ2spB9Oe4/hqdefault.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEbCMQBEG5IVfKriqkDDggBFQAAiEIYAXABwAEG\u0026rs=AOn4CLChU506UuWtbUGeg4VE4eir2-K4Vw","width":196,"height":110},{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/0hQ2spB9Oe4/hqdefault.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEcCPYBEIoBSFXyq4qpAw4IARUAAIhCGAFwAcABBg==\u0026rs=AOn4CLBYcHaPXeu2MloRTdl-moIhcHFMyQ","width":246,"height":138},{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/0hQ2spB9Oe4/hqdefault.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEcCNACELwBSFXyq4qpAw4IARUAAIhCGAFwAcABBg==\u0026rs=AOn4CLA6ZNZaqh8iAJj1TXNCZ3HuyPY6wQ","width":336,"height":188}],"lightColorPalette":{"section2Color":15856120,"section3Color":15198194,"primaryTitleColor":1052697,"secondaryTitleColor":5855625,"section4Color":14540267},"darkColorPalette":{"section2Color":460595,"section3Color":328998,"primaryTitleColor":15066623,"secondaryTitleColor":10724300,"section4Color":197401}},"title":{"accessibility":{"accessibilityData":{"label":"Today news 🔴 nepali news | aaja ka mukhya samachar, nepali samachar live | Baishak 14 gate 2083. 1 hour, 19 minutes"}},"simpleText":"Today news 🔴 nepali news | aaja ka mukhya samachar, nepali samachar live | Baishak 14 gate 2083."},"shortBylineText":{"runs":[{"text":"samacharpati","navigationEndpoint":{"clickTrackingParams":"CLgBEL1OGAgiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFjKAQTZF1Ah","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/@samacharpati","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_CHANNEL","rootVe":3611,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/browse"}},"browseEndpoint":{"browseId":"UC09hwXZEtHcScFWebDsj7cA","canonicalBaseUrl":"/@samacharpati"}}}]},"lengthText":{"accessibility":{"accessibilityData":{"label":"1 hour, 19 minutes"}},"simpleText":"1:19:00"},"lengthInSeconds":4740,"navigationEndpoint":{"clickTrackingParams":"CLgBEL1OGAgiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFgyCWVuZHNjcmVlbkioxqODkYDpk84BmgEFCAIQ-B3KAQTZF1Ah","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/watch?v=0hQ2spB9Oe4","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_WATCH","rootVe":3832}},"watchEndpoint":{"videoId":"0hQ2spB9Oe4","watchEndpointSupportedOnesieConfig":{"html5PlaybackOnesieConfig":{"commonConfig":{"url":"https://rr3---sn-fapo3ox25a-cq2l.googlevideo.com/initplayback?source=youtube\u0026oeis=1\u0026c=WEB\u0026oad=3200\u0026ovd=3200\u0026oaad=11000\u0026oavd=11000\u0026ocs=700\u0026oewis=1\u0026oputc=1\u0026ofpcc=1\u0026msp=1\u0026odepv=1\u0026id=d21436b2907d39ee\u0026ip=27.34.72.167\u0026initcwndbps=1372500\u0026mt=1777291542\u0026oweuc=\u0026pxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ\u0026rxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzMw%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNA%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNg"}}}}},"trackingParams":"CLgBEL1OGAgiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFg=","shortViewCountText":{"accessibility":{"accessibilityData":{"label":"225 thousand views"}},"simpleText":"225K views"},"publishedTimeText":{"simpleText":"12 hours ago"},"thumbnailOverlays":[{"thumbnailOverlayTimeStatusRenderer":{"text":{"accessibility":{"accessibilityData":{"label":"1 hour, 19 minutes"}},"simpleText":"1:19:00"},"style":"DEFAULT"}},{"thumbnailOverlayNowPlayingRenderer":{"text":{"runs":[{"text":"Now playing"}]}}}]}},{"endScreenVideoRenderer":{"videoId":"msucxdjKzkk","thumbnail":{"thumbnails":[{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/msucxdjKzkk/hqdefault.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEbCKgBEF5IVfKriqkDDggBFQAAiEIYAXABwAEG\u0026rs=AOn4CLAmmvQtrosIJXRUZ_Yjx0CSjVKUBg","width":168,"height":94},{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/msucxdjKzkk/hqdefault.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEbCMQBEG5IVfKriqkDDggBFQAAiEIYAXABwAEG\u0026rs=AOn4CLBY4sX7tiFbiXgcdajFUjhEf7LsIA","width":196,"height":110},{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/msucxdjKzkk/hqdefault.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEcCPYBEIoBSFXyq4qpAw4IARUAAIhCGAFwAcABBg==\u0026rs=AOn4CLAfo_TbvamLwVrrLJdXaAzVLPlUtw","width":246,"height":138},{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/msucxdjKzkk/hqdefault.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEcCNACELwBSFXyq4qpAw4IARUAAIhCGAFwAcABBg==\u0026rs=AOn4CLBV_8HiZdaARkETApgTK8xaSPnEDg","width":336,"height":188}],"lightColorPalette":{"section2Color":16315633,"section3Color":15920103,"primaryTitleColor":1643280,"secondaryTitleColor":7691084,"section4Color":15459293},"darkColorPalette":{"section2Color":3349003,"section3Color":2495240,"primaryTitleColor":16773093,"secondaryTitleColor":13415075,"section4Color":1641733}},"title":{"accessibility":{"accessibilityData":{"label":"DREAM COME TRUE 😍 VISITING HONGYADONG || crash test of deepal 😨 21 minutes"}},"simpleText":"DREAM COME TRUE 😍 VISITING HONGYADONG || crash test of deepal 😨"},"shortBylineText":{"runs":[{"text":"SURAKSHYA KC OFFICIAL","navigationEndpoint":{"clickTrackingParams":"CLcBEL1OGAkiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFjKAQTZF1Ah","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/@SURAKSHYAKCOFFICIAL","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_CHANNEL","rootVe":3611,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/browse"}},"browseEndpoint":{"browseId":"UCmK0Iu33R5NqUYyhy4SHKpQ","canonicalBaseUrl":"/@SURAKSHYAKCOFFICIAL"}}}]},"lengthText":{"accessibility":{"accessibilityData":{"label":"21 minutes, 29 seconds"}},"simpleText":"21:29"},"lengthInSeconds":1289,"navigationEndpoint":{"clickTrackingParams":"CLcBEL1OGAkiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFgyCWVuZHNjcmVlbkioxqODkYDpk84BmgEFCAIQ-B3KAQTZF1Ah","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/watch?v=msucxdjKzkk","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_WATCH","rootVe":3832}},"watchEndpoint":{"videoId":"msucxdjKzkk","watchEndpointSupportedOnesieConfig":{"html5PlaybackOnesieConfig":{"commonConfig":{"url":"https://rr4---sn-fapo3ox25a-cq2l.googlevideo.com/initplayback?source=youtube\u0026oeis=1\u0026c=WEB\u0026oad=3200\u0026ovd=3200\u0026oaad=11000\u0026oavd=11000\u0026ocs=700\u0026oewis=1\u0026oputc=1\u0026ofpcc=1\u0026msp=1\u0026odepv=1\u0026id=9acb9cc5d8cace49\u0026ip=27.34.72.167\u0026initcwndbps=1372500\u0026mt=1777291542\u0026oweuc=\u0026pxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ\u0026rxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzMw%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNA%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNg"}}}}},"trackingParams":"CLcBEL1OGAkiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFg=","shortViewCountText":{"accessibility":{"accessibilityData":{"label":"23 thousand views"}},"simpleText":"23K views"},"publishedTimeText":{"simpleText":"2 hours ago"},"thumbnailOverlays":[{"thumbnailOverlayTimeStatusRenderer":{"text":{"accessibility":{"accessibilityData":{"label":"21 minutes, 29 seconds"}},"simpleText":"21:29"},"style":"DEFAULT"}},{"thumbnailOverlayNowPlayingRenderer":{"text":{"runs":[{"text":"Now playing"}]}}}]}},{"endScreenVideoRenderer":{"videoId":"JKOd52qAulY","thumbnail":{"thumbnails":[{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/JKOd52qAulY/hqdefault.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEbCKgBEF5IVfKriqkDDggBFQAAiEIYAXABwAEG\u0026rs=AOn4CLBytVrrgmqqOdto3y70t4tPNR84TQ","width":168,"height":94},{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/JKOd52qAulY/hqdefault.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEbCMQBEG5IVfKriqkDDggBFQAAiEIYAXABwAEG\u0026rs=AOn4CLAGchwwAfZtrXczqbtAlI-nZOQN6g","width":196,"height":110},{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/JKOd52qAulY/hqdefault.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEcCPYBEIoBSFXyq4qpAw4IARUAAIhCGAFwAcABBg==\u0026rs=AOn4CLAnwt2Oo7kliiPpnu7VqPgoSyw3sg","width":246,"height":138},{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/JKOd52qAulY/hqdefault.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEcCNACELwBSFXyq4qpAw4IARUAAIhCGAFwAcABBg==\u0026rs=AOn4CLB1_UjqYuhh9j0u3z3WtUN91QNLpw","width":336,"height":188}],"lightColorPalette":{"section2Color":16314865,"section3Color":15919335,"primaryTitleColor":1642768,"secondaryTitleColor":8345170,"section4Color":15458013},"darkColorPalette":{"section2Color":3349530,"section3Color":2495763,"primaryTitleColor":16771045,"secondaryTitleColor":13412003,"section4Color":1641997}},"title":{"accessibility":{"accessibilityData":{"label":"COMEDY NIGHT WITH CHAMPIONS | Episode 54 Trailer || Bijay Baral, Barsha Raut, Ram Kr. Dhakal, Mexam 7 minutes, 36 seconds"}},"simpleText":"COMEDY NIGHT WITH CHAMPIONS | Episode 54 Trailer || Bijay Baral, Barsha Raut, Ram Kr. Dhakal, Mexam"},"shortBylineText":{"runs":[{"text":"OSR Reality","navigationEndpoint":{"clickTrackingParams":"CLYBEL1OGAoiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFjKAQTZF1Ah","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/@OSRReality","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_CHANNEL","rootVe":3611,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/browse"}},"browseEndpoint":{"browseId":"UCNU2Xe6kr6OJDxWGDXa66gQ","canonicalBaseUrl":"/@OSRReality"}}}]},"lengthText":{"accessibility":{"accessibilityData":{"label":"7 minutes, 36 seconds"}},"simpleText":"7:36"},"lengthInSeconds":456,"navigationEndpoint":{"clickTrackingParams":"CLYBEL1OGAoiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFgyCWVuZHNjcmVlbkioxqODkYDpk84BmgEFCAIQ-B3KAQTZF1Ah","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/watch?v=JKOd52qAulY","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_WATCH","rootVe":3832}},"watchEndpoint":{"videoId":"JKOd52qAulY","watchEndpointSupportedOnesieConfig":{"html5PlaybackOnesieConfig":{"commonConfig":{"url":"https://rr2---sn-fapo3ox25a-cq2l.googlevideo.com/initplayback?source=youtube\u0026oeis=1\u0026c=WEB\u0026oad=3200\u0026ovd=3200\u0026oaad=11000\u0026oavd=11000\u0026ocs=700\u0026oewis=1\u0026oputc=1\u0026ofpcc=1\u0026msp=1\u0026odepv=1\u0026id=24a39de76a80ba56\u0026ip=27.34.72.167\u0026initcwndbps=1372500\u0026mt=1777291542\u0026oweuc=\u0026pxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ\u0026rxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzMw%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNA%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNg"}}}}},"trackingParams":"CLYBEL1OGAoiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFg=","shortViewCountText":{"accessibility":{"accessibilityData":{"label":"118 thousand views"}},"simpleText":"118K views"},"publishedTimeText":{"simpleText":"22 hours ago"},"thumbnailOverlays":[{"thumbnailOverlayTimeStatusRenderer":{"text":{"accessibility":{"accessibilityData":{"label":"7 minutes, 36 seconds"}},"simpleText":"7:36"},"style":"DEFAULT"}},{"thumbnailOverlayNowPlayingRenderer":{"text":{"runs":[{"text":"Now playing"}]}}}]}},{"endScreenVideoRenderer":{"videoId":"Y2JzBV3Epl4","thumbnail":{"thumbnails":[{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/Y2JzBV3Epl4/hqdefault.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEbCKgBEF5IVfKriqkDDggBFQAAiEIYAXABwAEG\u0026rs=AOn4CLDZ3LyLctaLdvRrvigJqWH7A8r2iA","width":168,"height":94},{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/Y2JzBV3Epl4/hqdefault.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEbCMQBEG5IVfKriqkDDggBFQAAiEIYAXABwAEG\u0026rs=AOn4CLCWXN6M9dlP4kfVRi-dlQil1_tfKQ","width":196,"height":110},{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/Y2JzBV3Epl4/hqdefault.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEcCPYBEIoBSFXyq4qpAw4IARUAAIhCGAFwAcABBg==\u0026rs=AOn4CLCk_qUtY_CqdA549IN9vIzGgxhclA","width":246,"height":138},{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/Y2JzBV3Epl4/hqdefault.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEcCNACELwBSFXyq4qpAw4IARUAAIhCGAFwAcABBg==\u0026rs=AOn4CLAl6kVsKmUKalypeR8JIA-Qe5ftow","width":336,"height":188}],"lightColorPalette":{"section2Color":16315633,"section3Color":15920359,"primaryTitleColor":1643536,"secondaryTitleColor":7691852,"section4Color":15459549},"darkColorPalette":{"section2Color":3351576,"section3Color":2497298,"primaryTitleColor":16773605,"secondaryTitleColor":13415843,"section4Color":1643020}},"title":{"accessibility":{"accessibilityData":{"label":"My Daughter Survives 6 Schools That Shouldn’t Exist 32 minutes"}},"simpleText":"My Daughter Survives 6 Schools That Shouldn’t Exist"},"shortBylineText":{"runs":[{"text":"Jordan Matter","navigationEndpoint":{"clickTrackingParams":"CLUBEL1OGAsiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFjKAQTZF1Ah","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/@jordanmatter","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_CHANNEL","rootVe":3611,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/browse"}},"browseEndpoint":{"browseId":"UCKaCalz5N5ienIbfPzEbYuA","canonicalBaseUrl":"/@jordanmatter"}}}]},"lengthText":{"accessibility":{"accessibilityData":{"label":"32 minutes, 53 seconds"}},"simpleText":"32:53"},"lengthInSeconds":1973,"navigationEndpoint":{"clickTrackingParams":"CLUBEL1OGAsiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFgyCWVuZHNjcmVlbkioxqODkYDpk84BmgEFCAIQ-B3KAQTZF1Ah","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/watch?v=Y2JzBV3Epl4","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_WATCH","rootVe":3832}},"watchEndpoint":{"videoId":"Y2JzBV3Epl4","watchEndpointSupportedOnesieConfig":{"html5PlaybackOnesieConfig":{"commonConfig":{"url":"https://rr7---sn-fapo3ox25a-cq2e.googlevideo.com/initplayback?source=youtube\u0026oeis=1\u0026c=WEB\u0026oad=3200\u0026ovd=3200\u0026oaad=11000\u0026oavd=11000\u0026ocs=700\u0026oewis=1\u0026oputc=1\u0026ofpcc=1\u0026msp=1\u0026odepv=1\u0026id=636273055dc4a65e\u0026ip=27.34.72.167\u0026initcwndbps=1480000\u0026mt=1777291542\u0026oweuc=\u0026pxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ\u0026rxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzMw%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNA%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNg"}}}}},"trackingParams":"CLUBEL1OGAsiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFg=","shortViewCountText":{"accessibility":{"accessibilityData":{"label":"5.9 million views"}},"simpleText":"5.9M views"},"publishedTimeText":{"simpleText":"1 day ago"},"thumbnailOverlays":[{"thumbnailOverlayTimeStatusRenderer":{"text":{"accessibility":{"accessibilityData":{"label":"32 minutes, 53 seconds"}},"simpleText":"32:53"},"style":"DEFAULT"}},{"thumbnailOverlayNowPlayingRenderer":{"text":{"runs":[{"text":"Now playing"}]}}}]}}],"title":{"simpleText":"You may also like..."},"trackingParams":"CLQBEPpcIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY"}},"autoplay":{"playerOverlayAutoplayRenderer":{"title":{"simpleText":"Up next"},"videoTitle":{"accessibility":{"accessibilityData":{"label":"Create a Social Campaign in Adobe Express | Adobe Express 27 minutes"}},"simpleText":"Create a Social Campaign in Adobe Express | Adobe Express"},"byline":{"runs":[{"text":"Adobe Express","navigationEndpoint":{"clickTrackingParams":"CLABEOSSASITCNqZzNqAjpQDFR5LOAUd_MYsWMoBBNkXUCE=","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/@AdobeExpress","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_CHANNEL","rootVe":3611,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/browse"}},"browseEndpoint":{"browseId":"UCn5CtwAo7oeHULdlVl-HMKw","canonicalBaseUrl":"/@AdobeExpress"}}}]},"pauseText":{"simpleText":"Autoplay is paused"},"background":{"thumbnails":[{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/K-ouk9BqlO4/hqdefault.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEbCKgBEF5IVfKriqkDDggBFQAAiEIYAXABwAEG\u0026rs=AOn4CLAfEyGVQIaVV00UuM8ih62cd2loWw","width":168,"height":94},{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/K-ouk9BqlO4/hqdefault.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEcCNACELwBSFXyq4qpAw4IARUAAIhCGAFwAcABBg==\u0026rs=AOn4CLDJ4r--Sqn5zULxXFXOkMmGugGYDA","width":336,"height":188}],"lightColorPalette":{"section2Color":16314865,"section3Color":15919335,"primaryTitleColor":1642768,"secondaryTitleColor":8344914,"section4Color":15458013},"darkColorPalette":{"section2Color":3346446,"section3Color":2493450,"primaryTitleColor":16771045,"secondaryTitleColor":13411747,"section4Color":1640455}},"countDownSecs":8,"cancelButton":{"buttonRenderer":{"style":"STYLE_DEFAULT","size":"SIZE_DEFAULT","isDisabled":false,"text":{"simpleText":"Cancel"},"accessibility":{"label":"Cancel"},"trackingParams":"CLMBEOCSASITCNqZzNqAjpQDFR5LOAUd_MYsWA==","accessibilityData":{"accessibilityData":{"label":"Cancel"}},"command":{"clickTrackingParams":"CLMBEOCSASITCNqZzNqAjpQDFR5LOAUd_MYsWMoBBNkXUCE=","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/get_survey"}},"getSurveyCommand":{"endpoint":{"watch":{"hack":true}},"action":"SURVEY_TRIGGER_ACTION_AUTOPLAY_CANCEL"}}}},"nextButton":{"buttonRenderer":{"style":"STYLE_DEFAULT","size":"SIZE_DEFAULT","isDisabled":false,"navigationEndpoint":{"clickTrackingParams":"CLIBEOKSASITCNqZzNqAjpQDFR5LOAUd_MYsWEioxqODkYDpk84BmgEFCAYQ-B3KAQTZF1Ah","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/watch?v=K-ouk9BqlO4","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_WATCH","rootVe":3832}},"watchEndpoint":{"videoId":"K-ouk9BqlO4","watchEndpointSupportedOnesieConfig":{"html5PlaybackOnesieConfig":{"commonConfig":{"url":"https://rr1---sn-fapo3ox25a-cq2l.googlevideo.com/initplayback?source=youtube\u0026oeis=1\u0026c=WEB\u0026oad=3200\u0026ovd=3200\u0026oaad=11000\u0026oavd=11000\u0026ocs=700\u0026oewis=1\u0026oputc=1\u0026ofpcc=1\u0026msp=1\u0026odepv=1\u0026id=2bea2e93d06a94ee\u0026ip=27.34.72.167\u0026initcwndbps=1372500\u0026mt=1777291542\u0026oweuc=\u0026pxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ\u0026rxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzMw%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNA%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNg"}}}}},"accessibility":{"label":"Play next video"},"trackingParams":"CLIBEOKSASITCNqZzNqAjpQDFR5LOAUd_MYsWA==","accessibilityData":{"accessibilityData":{"label":"Play next video"}}}},"trackingParams":"CLABEOSSASITCNqZzNqAjpQDFR5LOAUd_MYsWA==","closeButton":{"buttonRenderer":{"style":"STYLE_DEFAULT","size":"SIZE_DEFAULT","isDisabled":false,"icon":{"iconType":"REMOVE"},"accessibility":{"label":"Cancel autoplay for this video"},"trackingParams":"CLEBEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY"}},"thumbnailOverlays":[{"thumbnailOverlayTimeStatusRenderer":{"text":{"accessibility":{"accessibilityData":{"label":"27 minutes, 1 second"}},"simpleText":"27:01"},"style":"DEFAULT"}}],"preferImmediateRedirect":false,"videoId":"K-ouk9BqlO4","publishedTimeText":{"simpleText":"Streamed 3 years ago"},"webShowNewAutonavCountdown":true,"webShowBigThumbnailEndscreen":false,"shortViewCountText":{"accessibility":{"accessibilityData":{"label":"8.1 thousand views"}},"simpleText":"8.1K views"},"countDownSecsForFullscreen":3}},"shareButton":{"buttonRenderer":{"style":"STYLE_OPACITY","size":"SIZE_DEFAULT","isDisabled":false,"icon":{"iconType":"SHARE"},"navigationEndpoint":{"clickTrackingParams":"CK4BEOWWASITCNqZzNqAjpQDFR5LOAUd_MYsWMoBBNkXUCE=","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/share/get_share_panel"}},"shareEntityServiceEndpoint":{"serializedShareEntity":"Cgt6aWVrQVJCbzR5Z6ABAg%3D%3D","commands":[{"clickTrackingParams":"CK4BEOWWASITCNqZzNqAjpQDFR5LOAUd_MYsWMoBBNkXUCE=","openPopupAction":{"popup":{"unifiedSharePanelRenderer":{"trackingParams":"CK8BEI5iIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","showLoadingSpinner":true}},"popupType":"DIALOG","beReused":true}}]}},"tooltip":"Share","trackingParams":"CK4BEOWWASITCNqZzNqAjpQDFR5LOAUd_MYsWA=="}},"addToMenu":{"menuRenderer":{"items":[{"menuNavigationItemRenderer":{"text":{"runs":[{"text":"Save to playlist"}]},"icon":{"iconType":"BOOKMARK_BORDER"},"navigationEndpoint":{"clickTrackingParams":"CK0BEJSsCRgaIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"https://accounts.google.com/ServiceLogin?service=youtube\u0026uilel=3\u0026passive=true\u0026continue=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.youtube.com%2Fsignin%3Faction_handle_signin%3Dtrue%26app%3Ddesktop%26hl%3Den\u0026hl=en","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_UNKNOWN","rootVe":83769}},"signInEndpoint":{"nextEndpoint":{"clickTrackingParams":"CK0BEJSsCRgaIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","showSheetCommand":{"panelLoadingStrategy":{"requestTemplate":{"panelId":"PAadd_to_playlist","params":"-gYNCgt6aWVrQVJCbzR5Zw%3D%3D"}}}}}},"trackingParams":"CK0BEJSsCRgaIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY"}}],"trackingParams":"CAAQg2ciEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFjKAQTZF1Ah"}},"videoDetails":{"playerOverlayVideoDetailsRenderer":{"title":{"simpleText":"Get Social: Social Media Trends July 2022 | Adobe Express"},"subtitle":{"runs":[{"text":"Adobe Express"},{"text":" "},{"text":"266,014 views"},{"text":" "},{"text":"Streamed 3 years ago"}]},"channelAvatar":{"avatarViewModel":{"image":{"sources":[{"url":"https://yt3.ggpht.com/ZI4hVRpX-vBmx-oz64uYJ-tp9B-PUDUXCLRPN443zabb3DjkARqSGZJzGY57rCizSWxzVcWeJg=s88-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj"}]},"avatarImageSize":"AVATAR_SIZE_XS"}},"onTap":{"clickTrackingParams":"CAAQg2ciEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFjKAQTZF1Ah","showEngagementPanelEndpoint":{"identifier":{"tag":"engagement-panel-structured-description"}}}}},"autonavToggle":{"autoplaySwitchButtonRenderer":{"onEnabledCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CKwBEPW1BCITCNqZzNqAjpQDFR5LOAUd_MYsWMoBBNkXUCE=","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/account/set_setting"}},"setSettingEndpoint":{"settingItemId":"406","boolValue":true,"settingItemIdForClient":"AUTONAV_FOR_SIGN_OUT"}},"onDisabledCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CKwBEPW1BCITCNqZzNqAjpQDFR5LOAUd_MYsWMoBBNkXUCE=","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/account/set_setting"}},"setSettingEndpoint":{"settingItemId":"406","boolValue":false,"settingItemIdForClient":"AUTONAV_FOR_SIGN_OUT"}},"enabledAccessibilityData":{"accessibilityData":{"label":"Autoplay is on"}},"disabledAccessibilityData":{"accessibilityData":{"label":"Autoplay is off"}},"trackingParams":"CKwBEPW1BCITCNqZzNqAjpQDFR5LOAUd_MYsWA==","enabled":true}},"decoratedPlayerBarRenderer":{"decoratedPlayerBarRenderer":{"playerBar":{"multiMarkersPlayerBarRenderer":{"visibleOnLoad":{"key":"DESCRIPTION_CHAPTERS"},"markersMap":[{"key":"ANIMATION_ANNOTATION_MARKERS","value":{"markers":[{"markerRenderer":{"title":{},"timeRangeStartMillis":3344799}}],"trackingParams":"CKgBEMaHBiITCNqZzNqAjpQDFR5LOAUd_MYsWA=="}},{"key":"DESCRIPTION_CHAPTERS","value":{"chapters":[{"chapterRenderer":{"title":{"simpleText":"Start"},"timeRangeStartMillis":0,"onActiveCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CKkBEMaHBiITCNqZzNqAjpQDFR5LOAUd_MYsWMoBBNkXUCE=","setActivePanelItemAction":{"panelTargetId":"engagement-panel-macro-markers-description-chapters","itemIndex":0}},"thumbnail":{"thumbnails":[{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/ziekARBo4yg/hqdefault_866.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEbCKgBEF5IVfKriqkDDggBFQAAiEIYAXABwAEG\u0026rs=AOn4CLDrh10_lP7N3PWUTliktX550Y4lXA","width":168,"height":94},{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/ziekARBo4yg/hqdefault_866.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEcCNACELwBSFXyq4qpAw4IARUAAIhCGAFwAcABBg==\u0026rs=AOn4CLBomXC68NM94-EhwPdkc7HHB58k0g","width":336,"height":188}],"lightColorPalette":{"section1Color":4294704127,"section2Color":4294046200,"section3Color":4293388530,"primaryTitleColor":4279308825,"secondaryTitleColor":4284046724,"section4Color":4292730859},"darkColorPalette":{"section1Color":4281019711,"section2Color":4280427571,"section3Color":4279835430,"primaryTitleColor":4293257215,"secondaryTitleColor":4288915148,"section4Color":4279308825}}}},{"chapterRenderer":{"title":{"simpleText":"Introduction"},"timeRangeStartMillis":50000,"onActiveCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CKkBEMaHBiITCNqZzNqAjpQDFR5LOAUd_MYsWMoBBNkXUCE=","setActivePanelItemAction":{"panelTargetId":"engagement-panel-macro-markers-description-chapters","itemIndex":1}},"thumbnail":{"thumbnails":[{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/ziekARBo4yg/hqdefault_56900.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEbCKgBEF5IVfKriqkDDggBFQAAiEIYAXABwAEG\u0026rs=AOn4CLDrHk2cSfEsatLk7Y4SKeipJ-23FA","width":168,"height":94},{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/ziekARBo4yg/hqdefault_56900.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEcCNACELwBSFXyq4qpAw4IARUAAIhCGAFwAcABBg==\u0026rs=AOn4CLDgS4zKipo6i_nX_hCatuUE4ikV9g","width":336,"height":188}],"lightColorPalette":{"section1Color":4294705150,"section2Color":4294047992,"section3Color":4293391089,"primaryTitleColor":4279245081,"secondaryTitleColor":4282739561,"section4Color":4292733931},"darkColorPalette":{"section1Color":4278661937,"section2Color":4278527524,"section3Color":4278393112,"primaryTitleColor":4293263357,"secondaryTitleColor":4288924874,"section4Color":4278258700}}}},{"chapterRenderer":{"title":{"simpleText":"LinkedIn and Pinterest publishing in Express"},"timeRangeStartMillis":218000,"onActiveCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CKkBEMaHBiITCNqZzNqAjpQDFR5LOAUd_MYsWMoBBNkXUCE=","setActivePanelItemAction":{"panelTargetId":"engagement-panel-macro-markers-description-chapters","itemIndex":2}},"thumbnail":{"thumbnails":[{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/ziekARBo4yg/hqdefault_240933.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEbCKgBEF5IVfKriqkDDggBFQAAiEIYAXABwAEG\u0026rs=AOn4CLC-z8I6GK1nQ3GTwCKIugCyKiBILg","width":168,"height":94},{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/ziekARBo4yg/hqdefault_240933.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEcCNACELwBSFXyq4qpAw4IARUAAIhCGAFwAcABBg==\u0026rs=AOn4CLAGsRPWNJyb3jrhxT8Wdq-EJj8TSQ","width":336,"height":188}],"lightColorPalette":{"section1Color":4294966523,"section2Color":4294505713,"section3Color":4294110183,"primaryTitleColor":4279833616,"secondaryTitleColor":4285881420,"section4Color":4293649373},"darkColorPalette":{"section1Color":4282329628,"section2Color":4281541142,"section3Color":4280686865,"primaryTitleColor":4294963173,"secondaryTitleColor":4291605411,"section4Color":4279832843}}}},{"chapterRenderer":{"title":{"simpleText":"Instagram advertising"},"timeRangeStartMillis":314000,"onActiveCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CKkBEMaHBiITCNqZzNqAjpQDFR5LOAUd_MYsWMoBBNkXUCE=","setActivePanelItemAction":{"panelTargetId":"engagement-panel-macro-markers-description-chapters","itemIndex":3}},"thumbnail":{"thumbnails":[{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/ziekARBo4yg/hqdefault_320766.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEbCKgBEF5IVfKriqkDDggBFQAAiEIYAXABwAEG\u0026rs=AOn4CLCf2faskmSgZDbHeTgqzdR46kY0Xw","width":168,"height":94},{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/ziekARBo4yg/hqdefault_320766.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEcCNACELwBSFXyq4qpAw4IARUAAIhCGAFwAcABBg==\u0026rs=AOn4CLCCispZOQUk-k1cwYIPWfCpIiYjkQ","width":336,"height":188}],"lightColorPalette":{"section1Color":4294966267,"section2Color":4294504945,"section3Color":4294109160,"primaryTitleColor":4279832593,"secondaryTitleColor":4286534231,"section4Color":4293647839},"darkColorPalette":{"section1Color":4282321166,"section2Color":4281534219,"section3Color":4280681736,"primaryTitleColor":4294960615,"secondaryTitleColor":4291601318,"section4Color":4279829253}}}},{"chapterRenderer":{"title":{"simpleText":"Instagram Reels"},"timeRangeStartMillis":430000,"onActiveCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CKkBEMaHBiITCNqZzNqAjpQDFR5LOAUd_MYsWMoBBNkXUCE=","setActivePanelItemAction":{"panelTargetId":"engagement-panel-macro-markers-description-chapters","itemIndex":4}},"thumbnail":{"thumbnails":[{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/ziekARBo4yg/hqdefault_430833.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEbCKgBEF5IVfKriqkDDggBFQAAiEIYAXABwAEG\u0026rs=AOn4CLDs99IiM4UajEVh919IPLWkpj35AA","width":168,"height":94},{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/ziekARBo4yg/hqdefault_430833.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEcCNACELwBSFXyq4qpAw4IARUAAIhCGAFwAcABBg==\u0026rs=AOn4CLAU3ey11-yeDOpP4CU-tNJ5a6yz6g","width":336,"height":188}],"lightColorPalette":{"section1Color":4294966267,"section2Color":4294504945,"section3Color":4294109160,"primaryTitleColor":4279832593,"secondaryTitleColor":4286534231,"section4Color":4293647839},"darkColorPalette":{"section1Color":4282321166,"section2Color":4281534219,"section3Color":4280681736,"primaryTitleColor":4294960615,"secondaryTitleColor":4291601319,"section4Color":4279829253}}}},{"chapterRenderer":{"title":{"simpleText":"Reels vs TikTok vs LinkedIn"},"timeRangeStartMillis":570000,"onActiveCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CKkBEMaHBiITCNqZzNqAjpQDFR5LOAUd_MYsWMoBBNkXUCE=","setActivePanelItemAction":{"panelTargetId":"engagement-panel-macro-markers-description-chapters","itemIndex":5}},"thumbnail":{"thumbnails":[{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/ziekARBo4yg/hqdefault_572200.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEbCKgBEF5IVfKriqkDDggBFQAAiEIYAXABwAEG\u0026rs=AOn4CLBzzqy7jh7a6Sj529KkrLfYjaARUg","width":168,"height":94},{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/ziekARBo4yg/hqdefault_572200.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEcCNACELwBSFXyq4qpAw4IARUAAIhCGAFwAcABBg==\u0026rs=AOn4CLCbxy9ajmLaMHSP4ODHd-DoJw9kWQ","width":336,"height":188}],"lightColorPalette":{"section1Color":4294967295,"section2Color":4294440951,"section3Color":4293914607,"primaryTitleColor":4279834905,"secondaryTitleColor":4284835173,"section4Color":4293454056},"darkColorPalette":{"section1Color":4282335039,"section2Color":4281545523,"section3Color":4280690214,"primaryTitleColor":4294967295,"secondaryTitleColor":4291611852,"section4Color":4279834905}}}},{"chapterRenderer":{"title":{"simpleText":"Tips for post engagement"},"timeRangeStartMillis":845000,"onActiveCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CKkBEMaHBiITCNqZzNqAjpQDFR5LOAUd_MYsWMoBBNkXUCE=","setActivePanelItemAction":{"panelTargetId":"engagement-panel-macro-markers-description-chapters","itemIndex":6}},"thumbnail":{"thumbnails":[{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/ziekARBo4yg/hqdefault_848300.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEbCKgBEF5IVfKriqkDDggBFQAAiEIYAXABwAEG\u0026rs=AOn4CLAoPV_nM8VqnvKQMNG0UE69-TAcPQ","width":168,"height":94},{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/ziekARBo4yg/hqdefault_848300.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEcCNACELwBSFXyq4qpAw4IARUAAIhCGAFwAcABBg==\u0026rs=AOn4CLD8f5uTx07lLOZtz_n47vckjkAs4Q","width":336,"height":188}],"lightColorPalette":{"section1Color":4294966267,"section2Color":4294504946,"section3Color":4294109160,"primaryTitleColor":4279832593,"secondaryTitleColor":4286534233,"section4Color":4293647839},"darkColorPalette":{"section1Color":4282321169,"section2Color":4281534222,"section3Color":4280681738,"primaryTitleColor":4294960617,"secondaryTitleColor":4291601321,"section4Color":4279829255}}}},{"chapterRenderer":{"title":{"simpleText":"Tiktok demographics and data"},"timeRangeStartMillis":944000,"onActiveCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CKkBEMaHBiITCNqZzNqAjpQDFR5LOAUd_MYsWMoBBNkXUCE=","setActivePanelItemAction":{"panelTargetId":"engagement-panel-macro-markers-description-chapters","itemIndex":7}},"thumbnail":{"thumbnails":[{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/ziekARBo4yg/hqdefault_968133.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEbCKgBEF5IVfKriqkDDggBFQAAiEIYAXABwAEG\u0026rs=AOn4CLAaPNmJZVgitEJ9JU5V7j78XuBpRQ","width":168,"height":94},{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/ziekARBo4yg/hqdefault_968133.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEcCNACELwBSFXyq4qpAw4IARUAAIhCGAFwAcABBg==\u0026rs=AOn4CLAxEzpOYse5hXDbUaPIJCDiVYN8Tg","width":336,"height":188}],"lightColorPalette":{"section1Color":4294966269,"section2Color":4294504949,"section3Color":4294109165,"primaryTitleColor":4279832597,"secondaryTitleColor":4286534250,"section4Color":4293647845},"darkColorPalette":{"section1Color":4282324523,"section2Color":4281536803,"section3Color":4280683802,"primaryTitleColor":4294960626,"secondaryTitleColor":4291601336,"section4Color":4279830545}}}},{"chapterRenderer":{"title":{"simpleText":"Social media advertising"},"timeRangeStartMillis":1176000,"onActiveCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CKkBEMaHBiITCNqZzNqAjpQDFR5LOAUd_MYsWMoBBNkXUCE=","setActivePanelItemAction":{"panelTargetId":"engagement-panel-macro-markers-description-chapters","itemIndex":8}},"thumbnail":{"thumbnails":[{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/ziekARBo4yg/hqdefault_1191133.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEbCKgBEF5IVfKriqkDDggBFQAAiEIYAXABwAEG\u0026rs=AOn4CLChRA4wamYcsOW56RXFvdadZHkSYA","width":168,"height":94},{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/ziekARBo4yg/hqdefault_1191133.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEcCNACELwBSFXyq4qpAw4IARUAAIhCGAFwAcABBg==\u0026rs=AOn4CLAqv_lUrDUbt73EUfzk474hRzv66Q","width":336,"height":188}],"lightColorPalette":{"section1Color":4294835199,"section2Color":4294308344,"section3Color":4293781490,"primaryTitleColor":4279570457,"secondaryTitleColor":4285683332,"section4Color":4293320171},"darkColorPalette":{"section1Color":4281276479,"section2Color":4280685363,"section3Color":4280028710,"primaryTitleColor":4294239743,"secondaryTitleColor":4290487244,"section4Color":4279437593}}}},{"chapterRenderer":{"title":{"simpleText":"Creator earnings"},"timeRangeStartMillis":1302000,"onActiveCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CKkBEMaHBiITCNqZzNqAjpQDFR5LOAUd_MYsWMoBBNkXUCE=","setActivePanelItemAction":{"panelTargetId":"engagement-panel-macro-markers-description-chapters","itemIndex":9}},"thumbnail":{"thumbnails":[{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/ziekARBo4yg/hqdefault_1310066.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEbCKgBEF5IVfKriqkDDggBFQAAiEIYAXABwAEG\u0026rs=AOn4CLCfE3ImEo1CsR6nJUgCkHUW5RwwOQ","width":168,"height":94},{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/ziekARBo4yg/hqdefault_1310066.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEcCNACELwBSFXyq4qpAw4IARUAAIhCGAFwAcABBg==\u0026rs=AOn4CLBlq7J9gZAs96E8DGwBwOowT7DK5A","width":336,"height":188}],"lightColorPalette":{"section1Color":4294835199,"section2Color":4294308344,"section3Color":4293781490,"primaryTitleColor":4279570457,"secondaryTitleColor":4285617796,"section4Color":4293320171},"darkColorPalette":{"section1Color":4281276479,"section2Color":4280685363,"section3Color":4280028710,"primaryTitleColor":4294239743,"secondaryTitleColor":4290487244,"section4Color":4279437593}}}},{"chapterRenderer":{"title":{"simpleText":"Social media brand discovery"},"timeRangeStartMillis":1580000,"onActiveCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CKkBEMaHBiITCNqZzNqAjpQDFR5LOAUd_MYsWMoBBNkXUCE=","setActivePanelItemAction":{"panelTargetId":"engagement-panel-macro-markers-description-chapters","itemIndex":10}},"thumbnail":{"thumbnails":[{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/ziekARBo4yg/hqdefault_1592166.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEbCKgBEF5IVfKriqkDDggBFQAAiEIYAXABwAEG\u0026rs=AOn4CLDyiYPlphX632WnX9IYZQecRG_bVA","width":168,"height":94},{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/ziekARBo4yg/hqdefault_1592166.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEcCNACELwBSFXyq4qpAw4IARUAAIhCGAFwAcABBg==\u0026rs=AOn4CLAHDUZfsznE3Fkw8uW7wn8ckHQi0A","width":336,"height":188}],"lightColorPalette":{"section1Color":4294835199,"section2Color":4294308344,"section3Color":4293781490,"primaryTitleColor":4279570457,"secondaryTitleColor":4285617796,"section4Color":4293320171},"darkColorPalette":{"section1Color":4281276223,"section2Color":4280685363,"section3Color":4280028710,"primaryTitleColor":4294239743,"secondaryTitleColor":4290487244,"section4Color":4279437593}}}},{"chapterRenderer":{"title":{"simpleText":"Videos and Reels"},"timeRangeStartMillis":1890000,"onActiveCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CKkBEMaHBiITCNqZzNqAjpQDFR5LOAUd_MYsWMoBBNkXUCE=","setActivePanelItemAction":{"panelTargetId":"engagement-panel-macro-markers-description-chapters","itemIndex":11}},"thumbnail":{"thumbnails":[{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/ziekARBo4yg/hqdefault_1897133.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEbCKgBEF5IVfKriqkDDggBFQAAiEIYAXABwAEG\u0026rs=AOn4CLASi4FBTNwa5jKnw19G37qG7QmzBw","width":168,"height":94},{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/ziekARBo4yg/hqdefault_1897133.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEcCNACELwBSFXyq4qpAw4IARUAAIhCGAFwAcABBg==\u0026rs=AOn4CLBScx4uv3wQU9sYo-aBWKlKPFZhEg","width":336,"height":188}],"lightColorPalette":{"section1Color":4294966269,"section2Color":4294504950,"section3Color":4294109166,"primaryTitleColor":4279832598,"secondaryTitleColor":4286534256,"section4Color":4293647847},"darkColorPalette":{"section1Color":4282321197,"section2Color":4281534244,"section3Color":4280681755,"primaryTitleColor":4294960630,"secondaryTitleColor":4291601342,"section4Color":4279829266}}}},{"chapterRenderer":{"title":{"simpleText":"Templates for IG reels"},"timeRangeStartMillis":2090000,"onActiveCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CKkBEMaHBiITCNqZzNqAjpQDFR5LOAUd_MYsWMoBBNkXUCE=","setActivePanelItemAction":{"panelTargetId":"engagement-panel-macro-markers-description-chapters","itemIndex":12}},"thumbnail":{"thumbnails":[{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/ziekARBo4yg/hqdefault_2093100.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEbCKgBEF5IVfKriqkDDggBFQAAiEIYAXABwAEG\u0026rs=AOn4CLDhW5PUQ1Q0HUHwuMmECoo5W8X7GA","width":168,"height":94},{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/ziekARBo4yg/hqdefault_2093100.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEcCNACELwBSFXyq4qpAw4IARUAAIhCGAFwAcABBg==\u0026rs=AOn4CLCyrpPfzjYGD5R-00q-AVFAxjFVEA","width":336,"height":188}],"lightColorPalette":{"section1Color":4294967295,"section2Color":4294440951,"section3Color":4293914607,"primaryTitleColor":4279834905,"secondaryTitleColor":4284835173,"section4Color":4293454056},"darkColorPalette":{"section1Color":4282335039,"section2Color":4281545523,"section3Color":4280690214,"primaryTitleColor":4294967295,"secondaryTitleColor":4291611852,"section4Color":4279834905}}}},{"chapterRenderer":{"title":{"simpleText":"IG dual mode"},"timeRangeStartMillis":2205000,"onActiveCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CKkBEMaHBiITCNqZzNqAjpQDFR5LOAUd_MYsWMoBBNkXUCE=","setActivePanelItemAction":{"panelTargetId":"engagement-panel-macro-markers-description-chapters","itemIndex":13}},"thumbnail":{"thumbnails":[{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/ziekARBo4yg/hqdefault_2223966.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEbCKgBEF5IVfKriqkDDggBFQAAiEIYAXABwAEG\u0026rs=AOn4CLDIgJAE_Gwr1qKE2VnfG-uvqwvLmg","width":168,"height":94},{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/ziekARBo4yg/hqdefault_2223966.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEcCNACELwBSFXyq4qpAw4IARUAAIhCGAFwAcABBg==\u0026rs=AOn4CLDu-AKY1UDkK8M7IxDmF5I1w2ACsQ","width":336,"height":188}],"lightColorPalette":{"section1Color":4294835199,"section2Color":4294308344,"section3Color":4293781490,"primaryTitleColor":4279570457,"secondaryTitleColor":4285617796,"section4Color":4293320171},"darkColorPalette":{"section1Color":4281276223,"section2Color":4280619571,"section3Color":4280028710,"primaryTitleColor":4294239743,"secondaryTitleColor":4290487244,"section4Color":4279372057}}}},{"chapterRenderer":{"title":{"simpleText":"Instagram Reels boosting"},"timeRangeStartMillis":2405000,"onActiveCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CKkBEMaHBiITCNqZzNqAjpQDFR5LOAUd_MYsWMoBBNkXUCE=","setActivePanelItemAction":{"panelTargetId":"engagement-panel-macro-markers-description-chapters","itemIndex":14}},"thumbnail":{"thumbnails":[{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/ziekARBo4yg/hqdefault_2405033.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEbCKgBEF5IVfKriqkDDggBFQAAiEIYAXABwAEG\u0026rs=AOn4CLBm6K7qHK_c9eCB3xDmfqWNfbVTIg","width":168,"height":94},{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/ziekARBo4yg/hqdefault_2405033.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEcCNACELwBSFXyq4qpAw4IARUAAIhCGAFwAcABBg==\u0026rs=AOn4CLDaC62LRUq-sQtBK89KUA3fh4uaBw","width":336,"height":188}],"lightColorPalette":{"section1Color":4294835199,"section2Color":4294308344,"section3Color":4293781490,"primaryTitleColor":4279570457,"secondaryTitleColor":4285617796,"section4Color":4293320171},"darkColorPalette":{"section1Color":4281276223,"section2Color":4280619827,"section3Color":4280028710,"primaryTitleColor":4294239743,"secondaryTitleColor":4290487244,"section4Color":4279372057}}}},{"chapterRenderer":{"title":{"simpleText":"Instagram creator marketplace"},"timeRangeStartMillis":2555000,"onActiveCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CKkBEMaHBiITCNqZzNqAjpQDFR5LOAUd_MYsWMoBBNkXUCE=","setActivePanelItemAction":{"panelTargetId":"engagement-panel-macro-markers-description-chapters","itemIndex":15}},"thumbnail":{"thumbnails":[{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/ziekARBo4yg/hqdefault_2584966.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEbCKgBEF5IVfKriqkDDggBFQAAiEIYAXABwAEG\u0026rs=AOn4CLAzNLNH-IhP4wUYU6rvTUTaQM4qWg","width":168,"height":94},{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/ziekARBo4yg/hqdefault_2584966.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEcCNACELwBSFXyq4qpAw4IARUAAIhCGAFwAcABBg==\u0026rs=AOn4CLCVjNhzm0L-gccAjktaXarUsVHylQ","width":336,"height":188}],"lightColorPalette":{"section1Color":4294967295,"section2Color":4294440951,"section3Color":4293914607,"primaryTitleColor":4279834905,"secondaryTitleColor":4284835173,"section4Color":4293454056},"darkColorPalette":{"section1Color":4282335039,"section2Color":4281545523,"section3Color":4280690214,"primaryTitleColor":4294967295,"secondaryTitleColor":4291611852,"section4Color":4279834905}}}},{"chapterRenderer":{"title":{"simpleText":"Changes to Facebook"},"timeRangeStartMillis":2735000,"onActiveCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CKkBEMaHBiITCNqZzNqAjpQDFR5LOAUd_MYsWMoBBNkXUCE=","setActivePanelItemAction":{"panelTargetId":"engagement-panel-macro-markers-description-chapters","itemIndex":16}},"thumbnail":{"thumbnails":[{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/ziekARBo4yg/hqdefault_2758933.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEbCKgBEF5IVfKriqkDDggBFQAAiEIYAXABwAEG\u0026rs=AOn4CLC-oSgz4ghefSTzRLFDiSPKAIuTMA","width":168,"height":94},{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/ziekARBo4yg/hqdefault_2758933.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEcCNACELwBSFXyq4qpAw4IARUAAIhCGAFwAcABBg==\u0026rs=AOn4CLDrNFI8GphG0fYIysv33adu-n2Yvg","width":336,"height":188}],"lightColorPalette":{"section1Color":4294967295,"section2Color":4294440951,"section3Color":4293914607,"primaryTitleColor":4279834905,"secondaryTitleColor":4284835173,"section4Color":4293454056},"darkColorPalette":{"section1Color":4282335039,"section2Color":4281545523,"section3Color":4280690214,"primaryTitleColor":4294967295,"secondaryTitleColor":4291611852,"section4Color":4279834905}}}},{"chapterRenderer":{"title":{"simpleText":"Social media updates"},"timeRangeStartMillis":3128000,"onActiveCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CKkBEMaHBiITCNqZzNqAjpQDFR5LOAUd_MYsWMoBBNkXUCE=","setActivePanelItemAction":{"panelTargetId":"engagement-panel-macro-markers-description-chapters","itemIndex":17}},"thumbnail":{"thumbnails":[{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/ziekARBo4yg/hqdefault_3140900.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEbCKgBEF5IVfKriqkDDggBFQAAiEIYAXABwAEG\u0026rs=AOn4CLAmyg6GXf20ovSEoHZ5PaFssyrvKw","width":168,"height":94},{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/ziekARBo4yg/hqdefault_3140900.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEcCNACELwBSFXyq4qpAw4IARUAAIhCGAFwAcABBg==\u0026rs=AOn4CLALE7R_9qy4R2p9Tu4ilGH9h0jc5g","width":336,"height":188}],"lightColorPalette":{"section1Color":4294967295,"section2Color":4294440951,"section3Color":4293914607,"primaryTitleColor":4279834905,"secondaryTitleColor":4284835173,"section4Color":4293454056},"darkColorPalette":{"section1Color":4282335039,"section2Color":4281545523,"section3Color":4280690214,"primaryTitleColor":4294967295,"secondaryTitleColor":4291611852,"section4Color":4279834905}}}}],"trackingParams":"CKkBEMaHBiITCNqZzNqAjpQDFR5LOAUd_MYsWA==","onChapterRepeat":{"clickTrackingParams":"CKkBEMaHBiITCNqZzNqAjpQDFR5LOAUd_MYsWMoBBNkXUCE=","openPopupAction":{"popup":{"notificationActionRenderer":{"responseText":{"runs":[{"text":"Chapter repeat is on"}]},"actionButton":{"buttonRenderer":{"style":"STYLE_BLUE_TEXT","text":{"runs":[{"text":"Turn off"}]},"trackingParams":"CKsBEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","command":{"clickTrackingParams":"CKsBEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","repeatChapterCommand":{"repeat":"REPEAT_CHAPTER_TYPE_DISABLE_REPEAT"}}}},"trackingParams":"CKoBELlqIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY"}},"popupType":"TOAST"}}}}],"trackingParams":"CKcBEKHACyITCNqZzNqAjpQDFR5LOAUd_MYsWA=="}},"playerBarActionButton":{"buttonRenderer":{"text":{"runs":[{"text":"View Chapters"}]},"trackingParams":"CKYBEJDQBiITCNqZzNqAjpQDFR5LOAUd_MYsWA==","command":{"clickTrackingParams":"CKYBEJDQBiITCNqZzNqAjpQDFR5LOAUd_MYsWMoBBNkXUCE=","commandExecutorCommand":{"commands":[{"clickTrackingParams":"CKYBEJDQBiITCNqZzNqAjpQDFR5LOAUd_MYsWMoBBNkXUCE=","updateEngagementPanelContentCommand":{"targetPanelIdentifier":{"surface":"ENGAGEMENT_PANEL_SURFACE_WATCH","tag":"engagement-panel-timeline-view-consolidated"},"contentSourcePanelIdentifier":{"surface":"ENGAGEMENT_PANEL_SURFACE_WATCH","tag":"engagement-panel-macro-markers-description-chapters"}}},{"clickTrackingParams":"CKYBEJDQBiITCNqZzNqAjpQDFR5LOAUd_MYsWMoBBNkXUCE=","updateTimedMarkersSyncObserverCommand":{"isEnabled":false,"timedSyncEntityKey":"Eh10aW1lbGluZV92aWV3X3N5bmNfZW50aXR5X2tleSD-ASgB","panelSyncEntityKey":"Eh10aW1lbGluZV92aWV3X3N5bmNfZW50aXR5X2tleSDEASgB"}},{"clickTrackingParams":"CKYBEJDQBiITCNqZzNqAjpQDFR5LOAUd_MYsWMoBBNkXUCE=","entityUpdateCommand":{"entityBatchUpdate":{"mutations":[{"entityKey":"EiRlbmdhZ2VtZW50X3BhbmVsX2NoaXBzX2Jhcl9lbnRpdHlfaWQggwQoAQ%3D%3D","type":"ENTITY_MUTATION_TYPE_REPLACE","payload":{"chipBarStateEntity":{"key":"EiRlbmdhZ2VtZW50X3BhbmVsX2NoaXBzX2Jhcl9lbnRpdHlfaWQggwQoAQ%3D%3D","selectedIndex":0}}}]}}},{"clickTrackingParams":"CKYBEJDQBiITCNqZzNqAjpQDFR5LOAUd_MYsWMoBBNkXUCE=","scrollToEngagementPanelCommand":{"panelIdentifier":{"tag":"engagement-panel-timeline-view-consolidated"}}}]}}}},"buttonType":"DECORATED_PLAYER_BAR_BUTTON_TYPE_CHAPTERS"}},"fullscreenQuickActionsBar":{"quickActionsViewModel":{"quickActionButtons":[{"likeButtonViewModel":{"toggleButtonViewModel":{"toggleButtonViewModel":{"defaultButtonViewModel":{"buttonViewModel":{"iconName":"LIKE","title":"629","onTap":{"serialCommand":{"commands":[{"logGestureCommand":{"gestureType":"GESTURE_EVENT_TYPE_LOG_GENERIC_CLICK","trackingParams":"CKQBEKVBIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY"}},{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CKQBEKVBIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"ignoreNavigation":true}},"modalEndpoint":{"modal":{"modalWithTitleAndButtonRenderer":{"title":{"simpleText":"Like this video?"},"content":{"simpleText":"Sign in to make your opinion count."},"button":{"buttonRenderer":{"style":"STYLE_MONO_FILLED","size":"SIZE_DEFAULT","isDisabled":false,"text":{"simpleText":"Sign in"},"navigationEndpoint":{"clickTrackingParams":"CKUBEPqGBCITCNqZzNqAjpQDFR5LOAUd_MYsWMoBBNkXUCE=","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"https://accounts.google.com/ServiceLogin?service=youtube\u0026uilel=3\u0026passive=true\u0026continue=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.youtube.com%2Fsignin%3Faction_handle_signin%3Dtrue%26app%3Ddesktop%26hl%3Den\u0026hl=en\u0026ec=66426","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_UNKNOWN","rootVe":83769}},"signInEndpoint":{"nextEndpoint":{"clickTrackingParams":"CKUBEPqGBCITCNqZzNqAjpQDFR5LOAUd_MYsWMoBBNkXUCE=","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/like/like"}},"likeEndpoint":{"status":"LIKE","target":{"videoId":"ziekARBo4yg"},"likeParams":"Cg0KC3ppZWtBUkJvNHlnIAAyDAjxpb3PBhDAzPXSAQ%3D%3D"}},"idamTag":"66426"}},"trackingParams":"CKUBEPqGBCITCNqZzNqAjpQDFR5LOAUd_MYsWA=="}}}}}}}]}},"accessibilityText":"like this video along with 629 other people","style":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STYLE_OVERLAY","trackingParams":"CKQBEKVBIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","isFullWidth":false,"type":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_TYPE_TEXT","buttonSize":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_SIZE_LARGE","accessibilityId":"id.video.like.button","enableIconButton":true,"tooltipData":{"tooltipViewModel":{"tooltipText":"I like this","placement":"TOOLTIP_VIEW_MODEL_PLACEMENT_TOP","style":"TOOLTIP_VIEW_MODEL_STYLE_PLAYER"}}}},"toggledButtonViewModel":{"buttonViewModel":{"iconName":"LIKE","title":"630","onTap":{"serialCommand":{"commands":[{"logGestureCommand":{"gestureType":"GESTURE_EVENT_TYPE_LOG_GENERIC_CLICK","trackingParams":"CKMBEKVBIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY"}},{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CKMBEKVBIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/like/removelike"}},"likeEndpoint":{"status":"INDIFFERENT","target":{"videoId":"ziekARBo4yg"},"removeLikeParams":"Cg0KC3ppZWtBUkJvNHlnGAAqDAjxpb3PBhD02fbSAQ%3D%3D"}}}]}},"accessibilityText":"like this video along with 629 other people","style":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STYLE_OVERLAY","trackingParams":"CKMBEKVBIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","isFullWidth":false,"type":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_TYPE_TEXT","buttonSize":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_SIZE_LARGE","accessibilityId":"id.video.like.button","enableIconButton":true,"tooltipData":{"tooltipViewModel":{"tooltipText":"Unlike","placement":"TOOLTIP_VIEW_MODEL_PLACEMENT_TOP","style":"TOOLTIP_VIEW_MODEL_STYLE_PLAYER"}}}},"identifier":"watch-like","trackingParams":"CAAQg2ciEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFjKAQTZF1Ah","isTogglingDisabled":true}},"likeStatusEntityKey":"Egt6aWVrQVJCbzR5ZyA-KAE%3D","likeStatusEntity":{"key":"Egt6aWVrQVJCbzR5ZyA-KAE%3D","likeStatus":"INDIFFERENT"}}},{"dislikeButtonViewModel":{"toggleButtonViewModel":{"toggleButtonViewModel":{"defaultButtonViewModel":{"buttonViewModel":{"iconName":"DISLIKE","onTap":{"serialCommand":{"commands":[{"logGestureCommand":{"gestureType":"GESTURE_EVENT_TYPE_LOG_GENERIC_CLICK","trackingParams":"CKEBEKiPCSITCNqZzNqAjpQDFR5LOAUd_MYsWA=="}},{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CKEBEKiPCSITCNqZzNqAjpQDFR5LOAUd_MYsWMoBBNkXUCE=","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"ignoreNavigation":true}},"modalEndpoint":{"modal":{"modalWithTitleAndButtonRenderer":{"title":{"simpleText":"Don't like this video?"},"content":{"simpleText":"Sign in to make your opinion count."},"button":{"buttonRenderer":{"style":"STYLE_MONO_FILLED","size":"SIZE_DEFAULT","isDisabled":false,"text":{"simpleText":"Sign in"},"navigationEndpoint":{"clickTrackingParams":"CKIBEPmGBCITCNqZzNqAjpQDFR5LOAUd_MYsWMoBBNkXUCE=","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"https://accounts.google.com/ServiceLogin?service=youtube\u0026uilel=3\u0026passive=true\u0026continue=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.youtube.com%2Fsignin%3Faction_handle_signin%3Dtrue%26app%3Ddesktop%26hl%3Den\u0026hl=en\u0026ec=66425","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_UNKNOWN","rootVe":83769}},"signInEndpoint":{"nextEndpoint":{"clickTrackingParams":"CKIBEPmGBCITCNqZzNqAjpQDFR5LOAUd_MYsWMoBBNkXUCE=","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/like/dislike"}},"likeEndpoint":{"status":"DISLIKE","target":{"videoId":"ziekARBo4yg"},"dislikeParams":"Cg0KC3ppZWtBUkJvNHlnEAAiDAjxpb3PBhCP5vjSAQ%3D%3D"}},"idamTag":"66425"}},"trackingParams":"CKIBEPmGBCITCNqZzNqAjpQDFR5LOAUd_MYsWA=="}}}}}}}]}},"accessibilityText":"Dislike this video","style":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STYLE_OVERLAY","trackingParams":"CKEBEKiPCSITCNqZzNqAjpQDFR5LOAUd_MYsWA==","isFullWidth":false,"type":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_TYPE_TEXT","buttonSize":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_SIZE_LARGE","accessibilityId":"id.video.dislike.button","enableIconButton":true,"tooltipData":{"tooltipViewModel":{"tooltipText":"I dislike this","placement":"TOOLTIP_VIEW_MODEL_PLACEMENT_TOP","style":"TOOLTIP_VIEW_MODEL_STYLE_PLAYER"}}}},"toggledButtonViewModel":{"buttonViewModel":{"iconName":"DISLIKE","onTap":{"serialCommand":{"commands":[{"logGestureCommand":{"gestureType":"GESTURE_EVENT_TYPE_LOG_GENERIC_CLICK","trackingParams":"CKABEKiPCSITCNqZzNqAjpQDFR5LOAUd_MYsWA=="}},{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CKABEKiPCSITCNqZzNqAjpQDFR5LOAUd_MYsWMoBBNkXUCE=","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/like/removelike"}},"likeEndpoint":{"status":"INDIFFERENT","target":{"videoId":"ziekARBo4yg"},"removeLikeParams":"Cg0KC3ppZWtBUkJvNHlnGAAqDAjxpb3PBhDPi_nSAQ%3D%3D"}}}]}},"accessibilityText":"Dislike this video","style":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STYLE_OVERLAY","trackingParams":"CKABEKiPCSITCNqZzNqAjpQDFR5LOAUd_MYsWA==","isFullWidth":false,"type":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_TYPE_TEXT","buttonSize":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_SIZE_LARGE","accessibilityId":"id.video.dislike.button","enableIconButton":true,"tooltipData":{"tooltipViewModel":{"tooltipText":"I dislike this","placement":"TOOLTIP_VIEW_MODEL_PLACEMENT_TOP","style":"TOOLTIP_VIEW_MODEL_STYLE_PLAYER"}}}},"trackingParams":"CAAQg2ciEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFjKAQTZF1Ah","isTogglingDisabled":true}},"dislikeEntityKey":"Egt6aWVrQVJCbzR5ZyA-KAE%3D"}},{"toggleButtonViewModel":{"defaultButtonViewModel":{"buttonViewModel":{"iconName":"COMMENT","onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CJ8BEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandExecutorCommand":{"commands":[{"clickTrackingParams":"CJ8BEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","showEngagementPanelEndpoint":{"panelIdentifier":"engagement-panel-comments-section"}},{"clickTrackingParams":"CJ8BEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","scrollToEngagementPanelCommand":{"targetId":"engagement-panel-comments-section"}}]}}},"accessibilityText":"Comments","style":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STYLE_OVERLAY","trackingParams":"CJ8BEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","type":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_TYPE_TEXT","buttonSize":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_SIZE_LARGE","state":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STATE_ACTIVE","enableIconButton":true,"tooltipData":{"tooltipViewModel":{"tooltipText":"Show comments","placement":"TOOLTIP_VIEW_MODEL_PLACEMENT_TOP","style":"TOOLTIP_VIEW_MODEL_STYLE_PLAYER"}}}},"toggledButtonViewModel":{"buttonViewModel":{"iconName":"COMMENT","onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CJ4BEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","hideEngagementPanelEndpoint":{"panelIdentifier":"engagement-panel-comments-section"}}},"accessibilityText":"Comments","style":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STYLE_OVERLAY","trackingParams":"CJ4BEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","type":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_TYPE_TEXT","buttonSize":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_SIZE_LARGE","state":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STATE_ACTIVE","enableIconButton":true,"tooltipData":{"tooltipViewModel":{"tooltipText":"Hide comments","placement":"TOOLTIP_VIEW_MODEL_PLACEMENT_TOP","style":"TOOLTIP_VIEW_MODEL_STYLE_PLAYER"}}}},"trackingParams":"CAAQg2ciEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFjKAQTZF1Ah","toggledStateEntitySelectorType":"TOGGLE_BUTTON_ENTITY_SELECTOR_TYPE_COMMENTS_PANEL"}},{"toggleButtonViewModel":{"defaultButtonViewModel":{"buttonViewModel":{"iconName":"MESSAGE_BUBBLE_OVERLAP","onTap":{"serialCommand":{"commands":[{"logGestureCommand":{"gestureType":"GESTURE_EVENT_TYPE_LOG_GENERIC_CLICK","trackingParams":"CJ0BELSEAyITCNqZzNqAjpQDFR5LOAUd_MYsWA=="}},{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CJ0BELSEAyITCNqZzNqAjpQDFR5LOAUd_MYsWMoBBNkXUCE=","setLiveChatCollapsedStateAction":{}}}]}},"accessibilityText":"Live chat","style":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STYLE_OVERLAY","trackingParams":"CJ0BELSEAyITCNqZzNqAjpQDFR5LOAUd_MYsWA==","isFullWidth":false,"type":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_TYPE_TEXT","buttonSize":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_SIZE_LARGE","state":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STATE_ACTIVE","accessibilityId":"id.player.chat.toggle.button","enableIconButton":true}},"toggledButtonViewModel":{"buttonViewModel":{"iconName":"MESSAGE_BUBBLE_OVERLAP","onTap":{"serialCommand":{"commands":[{"logGestureCommand":{"gestureType":"GESTURE_EVENT_TYPE_LOG_GENERIC_CLICK","trackingParams":"CJwBELSEAyITCNqZzNqAjpQDFR5LOAUd_MYsWA=="}},{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CJwBELSEAyITCNqZzNqAjpQDFR5LOAUd_MYsWMoBBNkXUCE=","setLiveChatCollapsedStateAction":{"collapsed":true}}}]}},"accessibilityText":"Hide chat","style":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STYLE_OVERLAY","trackingParams":"CJwBELSEAyITCNqZzNqAjpQDFR5LOAUd_MYsWA==","isFullWidth":false,"type":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_TYPE_TEXT","buttonSize":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_SIZE_LARGE","state":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STATE_ACTIVE","accessibilityId":"id.player.chat.toggle.button","enableIconButton":true}},"trackingParams":"CAAQg2ciEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFjKAQTZF1Ah","toggledStateEntitySelectorType":"TOGGLE_BUTTON_ENTITY_SELECTOR_TYPE_LIVE_CHAT_PANEL"}},{"buttonViewModel":{"iconName":"SHARE","onTap":{"serialCommand":{"commands":[{"logGestureCommand":{"gestureType":"GESTURE_EVENT_TYPE_LOG_GENERIC_CLICK","trackingParams":"CJoBEOWWARgTIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY"}},{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CJoBEOWWARgTIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/share/get_share_panel"}},"shareEntityServiceEndpoint":{"serializedShareEntity":"Cgt6aWVrQVJCbzR5Z6ABAg%3D%3D","commands":[{"clickTrackingParams":"CJoBEOWWARgTIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","openPopupAction":{"popup":{"unifiedSharePanelRenderer":{"trackingParams":"CJsBEI5iIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","showLoadingSpinner":true}},"popupType":"DIALOG","beReused":true}}]}}}]}},"accessibilityText":"Share","style":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STYLE_OVERLAY","trackingParams":"CJoBEOWWARgTIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","isFullWidth":false,"type":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_TYPE_TEXT","buttonSize":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_SIZE_LARGE","state":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STATE_ACTIVE","accessibilityId":"id.video.share.button","enableIconButton":true,"tooltipData":{"tooltipViewModel":{"tooltipText":"Share","placement":"TOOLTIP_VIEW_MODEL_PLACEMENT_TOP","style":"TOOLTIP_VIEW_MODEL_STYLE_PLAYER"}}}}]}},"speedmasterUserEdu":{"speedmasterEduViewModel":{"bodyText":{"content":"Playing at 2x speed"}}},"showPlaybackRateUpsellPanelCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CAAQg2ciEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFjKAQTZF1Ah","commandMetadata":{"interactionLoggingCommandMetadata":{"screenVisualElement":{"uiType":214295}}},"showDialogCommand":{"panelLoadingStrategy":{"requestTemplate":{"panelId":"PApremium_upsell","params":"igkCCAg%3D"},"screenVe":214295}}}}},"onResponseReceivedEndpoints":[{"clickTrackingParams":"CAAQg2ciEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFjKAQTZF1Ah","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true}},"signalServiceEndpoint":{"signal":"CLIENT_SIGNAL","actions":[{"clickTrackingParams":"CAAQg2ciEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFjKAQTZF1Ah","signalAction":{"signal":"ENABLE_CHROME_NOTIFICATIONS"}}]}},{"clickTrackingParams":"CAAQg2ciEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFjKAQTZF1Ah","loadMarkersCommand":{"entityKeys":["EhRERVNDUklQVElPTl9DSEFQVEVSUyCSAigB"]}}],"engagementPanels":[{"engagementPanelSectionListRenderer":{"panelIdentifier":"engagement-panel-comments-section","header":{"engagementPanelTitleHeaderRenderer":{"title":{"runs":[{"text":"Comments"}]},"contextualInfo":{"runs":[{"text":"21"}]},"menu":{"sortFilterSubMenuRenderer":{"subMenuItems":[{"title":"Top","selected":true,"serviceEndpoint":{"clickTrackingParams":"CJgBEOPABxgAIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/next"}},"continuationCommand":{"token":"Eg0SC3ppZWtBUkJvNHlnGAYyOCIRIgt6aWVrQVJCbzR5ZzAAeAIwAUIhZW5nYWdlbWVudC1wYW5lbC1jb21tZW50cy1zZWN0aW9u","request":"CONTINUATION_REQUEST_TYPE_WATCH_NEXT","command":{"clickTrackingParams":"CJgBEOPABxgAIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","showReloadUiCommand":{"targetId":"engagement-panel-comments-section"}}}},"accessibility":{"accessibilityData":{"label":"Top. Show featured comments"}},"subtitle":"Show featured comments","trackingParams":"CJgBEOPABxgAIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY"},{"title":"Newest","selected":false,"serviceEndpoint":{"clickTrackingParams":"CJcBEOPABxgBIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/next"}},"continuationCommand":{"token":"Eg0SC3ppZWtBUkJvNHlnGAYyOCIRIgt6aWVrQVJCbzR5ZzABeAIwAUIhZW5nYWdlbWVudC1wYW5lbC1jb21tZW50cy1zZWN0aW9u","request":"CONTINUATION_REQUEST_TYPE_WATCH_NEXT","command":{"clickTrackingParams":"CJcBEOPABxgBIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","showReloadUiCommand":{"targetId":"engagement-panel-comments-section"}}}},"accessibility":{"accessibilityData":{"label":"Newest. Show recent comments, including potential spam"}},"subtitle":"Show recent comments, including potential spam","trackingParams":"CJcBEOPABxgBIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY"}],"icon":{"iconType":"SORT"},"accessibility":{"accessibilityData":{"label":"Sort comments"}},"trackingParams":"CJYBEIHaBCITCNqZzNqAjpQDFR5LOAUd_MYsWA=="}},"visibilityButton":{"buttonRenderer":{"style":"STYLE_DEFAULT","size":"SIZE_DEFAULT","icon":{"iconType":"CLOSE"},"trackingParams":"CJUBEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","accessibilityData":{"accessibilityData":{"label":"Close"}},"command":{"clickTrackingParams":"CJUBEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","hideEngagementPanelEndpoint":{"panelIdentifier":"engagement-panel-comments-section"}}}},"trackingParams":"CJIBENONBBgCIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY"}},"content":{"sectionListRenderer":{"contents":[{"itemSectionRenderer":{"contents":[{"continuationItemRenderer":{"trigger":"CONTINUATION_TRIGGER_ON_ITEM_SHOWN","continuationEndpoint":{"clickTrackingParams":"CJQBELsvGAAiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFjKAQTZF1Ah","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/next"}},"continuationCommand":{"token":"Eg0SC3ppZWtBUkJvNHlnGAYyOCIRIgt6aWVrQVJCbzR5ZzAAeAIwAUIhZW5nYWdlbWVudC1wYW5lbC1jb21tZW50cy1zZWN0aW9u","request":"CONTINUATION_REQUEST_TYPE_WATCH_NEXT"}}}}],"trackingParams":"CJQBELsvGAAiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFg=","sectionIdentifier":"comment-item-section","targetId":"engagement-panel-comments-section"}}],"trackingParams":"CJMBELovIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY"}},"veType":76278,"targetId":"engagement-panel-comments-section","visibility":"ENGAGEMENT_PANEL_VISIBILITY_HIDDEN","loggingDirectives":{"trackingParams":"CJIBENONBBgCIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","visibility":{"types":"12"}}}},{"engagementPanelSectionListRenderer":{"content":{"adsEngagementPanelContentRenderer":{"hack":true}},"targetId":"engagement-panel-ads","visibility":"ENGAGEMENT_PANEL_VISIBILITY_HIDDEN","loggingDirectives":{"trackingParams":"CJEBENONBBgDIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","visibility":{"types":"12"}}}},{"engagementPanelSectionListRenderer":{"header":{"engagementPanelTitleHeaderRenderer":{"title":{"runs":[{"text":"In this video"}]},"visibilityButton":{"buttonRenderer":{"icon":{"iconType":"CLOSE"},"trackingParams":"CJABEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","accessibilityData":{"accessibilityData":{"label":"Close"}},"command":{"clickTrackingParams":"CJABEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandExecutorCommand":{"commands":[{"clickTrackingParams":"CJABEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","hideEngagementPanelEndpoint":{"identifier":{"tag":"engagement-panel-timeline-view-consolidated"}}},{"clickTrackingParams":"CJABEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","updateTimedMarkersSyncObserverCommand":{"isEnabled":false,"timedSyncEntityKey":"Eh10aW1lbGluZV92aWV3X3N5bmNfZW50aXR5X2tleSD-ASgB","panelSyncEntityKey":"Eh10aW1lbGluZV92aWV3X3N5bmNfZW50aXR5X2tleSDEASgB"}}]}}}},"trackingParams":"CI0BENONBBgEIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","subheader":{"chipBarViewModel":{"chips":[{"chipViewModel":{"text":"Chapters","selected":false,"displayType":"CHIP_VIEW_MODEL_DISPLAY_TYPE_UNSPECIFIED","tapCommand":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CI8BEJj7DBgCIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandExecutorCommand":{"commands":[{"clickTrackingParams":"CI8BEJj7DBgCIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","updateEngagementPanelContentCommand":{"targetPanelIdentifier":{"surface":"ENGAGEMENT_PANEL_SURFACE_WATCH","tag":"engagement-panel-timeline-view-consolidated"},"contentSourcePanelIdentifier":{"surface":"ENGAGEMENT_PANEL_SURFACE_WATCH","tag":"engagement-panel-macro-markers-description-chapters"}}},{"clickTrackingParams":"CI8BEJj7DBgCIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","updateTimedMarkersSyncObserverCommand":{"isEnabled":false,"timedSyncEntityKey":"Eh10aW1lbGluZV92aWV3X3N5bmNfZW50aXR5X2tleSD-ASgB","panelSyncEntityKey":"Eh10aW1lbGluZV92aWV3X3N5bmNfZW50aXR5X2tleSDEASgB"}}]}}},"accessibilityLabel":"Chapters","loggingDirectives":{"trackingParams":"CI8BEJj7DBgCIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","visibility":{"types":"12"}}}},{"chipViewModel":{"text":"Transcript","selected":false,"displayType":"CHIP_VIEW_MODEL_DISPLAY_TYPE_UNSPECIFIED","tapCommand":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CI4BEJn7DBgDIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandExecutorCommand":{"commands":[{"clickTrackingParams":"CI4BEJn7DBgDIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","updateEngagementPanelContentCommand":{"targetPanelIdentifier":{"surface":"ENGAGEMENT_PANEL_SURFACE_WATCH","tag":"engagement-panel-timeline-view-consolidated"},"contentSourcePanelIdentifier":{"surface":"ENGAGEMENT_PANEL_SURFACE_WATCH","tag":"engagement-panel-searchable-transcript"}}},{"clickTrackingParams":"CI4BEJn7DBgDIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","updateTimedMarkersSyncObserverCommand":{"isEnabled":false,"timedSyncEntityKey":"Eh10aW1lbGluZV92aWV3X3N5bmNfZW50aXR5X2tleSD-ASgB","panelSyncEntityKey":"Eh10aW1lbGluZV92aWV3X3N5bmNfZW50aXR5X2tleSDEASgB"}}]}}},"accessibilityLabel":"Transcript","loggingDirectives":{"trackingParams":"CI4BEJn7DBgDIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","visibility":{"types":"12"}}}}],"chipBarStateEntityKey":"EiRlbmdhZ2VtZW50X3BhbmVsX2NoaXBzX2Jhcl9lbnRpdHlfaWQggwQoAQ%3D%3D"}}}},"veType":225031,"visibility":"ENGAGEMENT_PANEL_VISIBILITY_HIDDEN","onShowCommands":[{"clickTrackingParams":"CI0BENONBBgEIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","scrollToEngagementPanelCommand":{"panelIdentifier":{"tag":"engagement-panel-timeline-view-consolidated"}}}],"resizability":"ENGAGEMENT_PANEL_RESIZABILITY_SNAP","onCloseCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CI0BENONBBgEIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandExecutorCommand":{"commands":[{"clickTrackingParams":"CI0BENONBBgEIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","updateTimedMarkersSyncObserverCommand":{"isEnabled":false,"timedSyncEntityKey":"Eh10aW1lbGluZV92aWV3X3N5bmNfZW50aXR5X2tleSD-ASgB","panelSyncEntityKey":"Eh10aW1lbGluZV92aWV3X3N5bmNfZW50aXR5X2tleSDEASgB"}}]}},"identifier":{"surface":"ENGAGEMENT_PANEL_SURFACE_WATCH","tag":"engagement-panel-timeline-view-consolidated"},"loggingDirectives":{"trackingParams":"CI0BENONBBgEIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","visibility":{"types":"12"}}}},{"engagementPanelSectionListRenderer":{"content":{"sectionListRenderer":{"trackingParams":"CIwBELovIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","hack":true}},"targetId":"PAsearch_preview","visibility":"ENGAGEMENT_PANEL_VISIBILITY_HIDDEN","onShowCommands":[{"clickTrackingParams":"CIsBENONBBgFIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","scrollToEngagementPanelCommand":{"targetId":"PAsearch_preview"}}],"identifier":{"tag":"PAsearch_preview"},"loggingDirectives":{"trackingParams":"CIsBENONBBgFIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","visibility":{"types":"12"}}}},{"engagementPanelSectionListRenderer":{"panelIdentifier":"engagement-panel-macro-markers-description-chapters","header":{"engagementPanelTitleHeaderRenderer":{"title":{"runs":[{"text":"Chapters"}]},"subtitle":{},"visibilityButton":{"buttonRenderer":{"icon":{"iconType":"CLOSE"},"accessibility":{"label":"Close"},"trackingParams":"CIoBEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","accessibilityData":{"accessibilityData":{"label":"Close"}},"command":{"clickTrackingParams":"CIoBEPBbIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","changeEngagementPanelVisibilityAction":{"targetId":"engagement-panel-macro-markers-description-chapters","visibility":"ENGAGEMENT_PANEL_VISIBILITY_HIDDEN"}}}},"trackingParams":"CEAQ040EGAYiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFg="}},"content":{"macroMarkersListRenderer":{"contents":[{"macroMarkersListItemRenderer":{"title":{"simpleText":"Start"},"timeDescription":{"accessibility":{"accessibilityData":{"label":"0 seconds"}},"simpleText":"0:00"},"thumbnail":{"thumbnails":[{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/ziekARBo4yg/hqdefault_866.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEbCKgBEF5IVfKriqkDDggBFQAAiEIYAXABwAEG\u0026rs=AOn4CLDrh10_lP7N3PWUTliktX550Y4lXA","width":168,"height":94},{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/ziekARBo4yg/hqdefault_866.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEcCNACELwBSFXyq4qpAw4IARUAAIhCGAFwAcABBg==\u0026rs=AOn4CLBomXC68NM94-EhwPdkc7HHB58k0g","width":336,"height":188}],"lightColorPalette":{"section1Color":4294704127,"section2Color":4294046200,"section3Color":4293388530,"primaryTitleColor":4279308825,"secondaryTitleColor":4284046724,"section4Color":4292730859},"darkColorPalette":{"section1Color":4281019711,"section2Color":4280427571,"section3Color":4279835430,"primaryTitleColor":4293257215,"secondaryTitleColor":4288915148,"section4Color":4279308825}},"onTap":{"clickTrackingParams":"CIYBENDQBhgAIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/watch?v=ziekARBo4yg","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_WATCH","rootVe":3832}},"watchEndpoint":{"videoId":"ziekARBo4yg","continuePlayback":true,"startTimeSeconds":0,"watchEndpointSupportedOnesieConfig":{"html5PlaybackOnesieConfig":{"commonConfig":{"url":"https://rr2---sn-fapo3ox25a-cq2l.googlevideo.com/initplayback?source=youtube\u0026oeis=1\u0026c=WEB\u0026oad=3200\u0026ovd=3200\u0026oaad=11000\u0026oavd=11000\u0026ocs=700\u0026oewis=1\u0026oputc=1\u0026ofpcc=1\u0026msp=1\u0026odepv=1\u0026id=ce27a4011068e328\u0026ip=27.34.72.167\u0026initcwndbps=1372500\u0026mt=1777291542\u0026oweuc=\u0026pxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ\u0026rxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzMw%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNA%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNg"}}}}},"trackingParams":"CIYBENDQBhgAIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","shareButton":{"buttonRenderer":{"style":"STYLE_TEXT","icon":{"iconType":"SHARE"},"trackingParams":"CIgBEI3QByITCNqZzNqAjpQDFR5LOAUd_MYsWA==","accessibilityData":{"accessibilityData":{"label":"Share"}},"command":{"clickTrackingParams":"CIgBEI3QByITCNqZzNqAjpQDFR5LOAUd_MYsWMoBBNkXUCE=","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/share/get_share_panel"}},"shareEntityServiceEndpoint":{"serializedShareEntity":"Cgt6aWVrQVJCbzR5Z2IJCAASBVN0YXJ0","commands":[{"clickTrackingParams":"CIgBEI3QByITCNqZzNqAjpQDFR5LOAUd_MYsWMoBBNkXUCE=","openPopupAction":{"popup":{"unifiedSharePanelRenderer":{"trackingParams":"CIkBEI5iIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","showLoadingSpinner":true}},"popupType":"DIALOG","beReused":true}}]}}}},"repeatButton":{"toggleButtonRenderer":{"style":{"styleType":"STYLE_DEFAULT_ACTIVE"},"isToggled":false,"isDisabled":false,"defaultIcon":{"iconType":"LOOP"},"defaultServiceEndpoint":{"clickTrackingParams":"CIcBEPORCSITCNqZzNqAjpQDFR5LOAUd_MYsWMoBBNkXUCE=","repeatChapterCommand":{"repeat":"REPEAT_CHAPTER_TYPE_ENABLE_REPEAT","startTimeMs":"0","endTimeMs":"50000","repeatStateEntityKey":"EgxyZXBlYXRfc3RhdGUgyQIoAQ%3D%3D"}},"toggledServiceEndpoint":{"clickTrackingParams":"CIcBEPORCSITCNqZzNqAjpQDFR5LOAUd_MYsWMoBBNkXUCE=","commandExecutorCommand":{"commands":[{"clickTrackingParams":"CIcBEPORCSITCNqZzNqAjpQDFR5LOAUd_MYsWMoBBNkXUCE=","entityUpdateCommand":{"entityBatchUpdate":{"mutations":[{"entityKey":"EgxyZXBlYXRfc3RhdGUgyQIoAQ%3D%3D","type":"ENTITY_MUTATION_TYPE_DELETE"}]}}},{"clickTrackingParams":"CIcBEPORCSITCNqZzNqAjpQDFR5LOAUd_MYsWMoBBNkXUCE=","repeatChapterCommand":{"repeat":"REPEAT_CHAPTER_TYPE_DISABLE_REPEAT"}}]}},"trackingParams":"CIcBEPORCSITCNqZzNqAjpQDFR5LOAUd_MYsWA==","toggledStyle":{"styleType":"STYLE_BLUE_TEXT"},"accessibilityData":{"accessibilityData":{"label":"Repeat chapter is off"}},"toggledAccessibilityData":{"accessibilityData":{"label":"Repeat chapter is on"}}}},"macroMarkerRepeatStateEntityKey":"EgxyZXBlYXRfc3RhdGUgyQIoAQ%3D%3D","endRepeatCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CIYBENDQBhgAIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandExecutorCommand":{"commands":[{"clickTrackingParams":"CIYBENDQBhgAIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","entityUpdateCommand":{"entityBatchUpdate":{"mutations":[{"entityKey":"EgxyZXBlYXRfc3RhdGUgyQIoAQ%3D%3D","type":"ENTITY_MUTATION_TYPE_DELETE"}]}}},{"clickTrackingParams":"CIYBENDQBhgAIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","repeatChapterCommand":{"repeat":"REPEAT_CHAPTER_TYPE_DISABLE_REPEAT"}}]}},"playerStateEntityKey":"Eh8veW91dHViZS9hcHAvd2F0Y2gvcGxheWVyX3N0YXRlIMMCKAE%3D","carouselType":"MACRO_MARKERS_LIST_ITEM_RENDERER_CAROUSEL_TYPE_DEFAULT","lightColorPalette":{"section1Color":4294704127,"section2Color":4294046200,"section3Color":4293388530,"primaryTitleColor":4279308825,"secondaryTitleColor":4284046724,"section4Color":4292730859},"darkColorPalette":{"section1Color":4281019711,"section2Color":4280427571,"section3Color":4279835430,"primaryTitleColor":4293257215,"secondaryTitleColor":4288915148,"section4Color":4279308825},"timeDescriptionA11yLabel":"0 seconds"}},{"macroMarkersListItemRenderer":{"title":{"simpleText":"Introduction"},"timeDescription":{"accessibility":{"accessibilityData":{"label":"50 seconds"}},"simpleText":"0:50"},"thumbnail":{"thumbnails":[{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/ziekARBo4yg/hqdefault_56900.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEbCKgBEF5IVfKriqkDDggBFQAAiEIYAXABwAEG\u0026rs=AOn4CLDrHk2cSfEsatLk7Y4SKeipJ-23FA","width":168,"height":94},{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/ziekARBo4yg/hqdefault_56900.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEcCNACELwBSFXyq4qpAw4IARUAAIhCGAFwAcABBg==\u0026rs=AOn4CLDgS4zKipo6i_nX_hCatuUE4ikV9g","width":336,"height":188}],"lightColorPalette":{"section1Color":4294705150,"section2Color":4294047992,"section3Color":4293391089,"primaryTitleColor":4279245081,"secondaryTitleColor":4282739561,"section4Color":4292733931},"darkColorPalette":{"section1Color":4278661937,"section2Color":4278527524,"section3Color":4278393112,"primaryTitleColor":4293263357,"secondaryTitleColor":4288924874,"section4Color":4278258700}},"onTap":{"clickTrackingParams":"CIIBENDQBhgBIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/watch?v=ziekARBo4yg\u0026t=50s","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_WATCH","rootVe":3832}},"watchEndpoint":{"videoId":"ziekARBo4yg","continuePlayback":true,"startTimeSeconds":50,"watchEndpointSupportedOnesieConfig":{"html5PlaybackOnesieConfig":{"commonConfig":{"url":"https://rr2---sn-fapo3ox25a-cq2l.googlevideo.com/initplayback?source=youtube\u0026oeis=1\u0026c=WEB\u0026oad=3200\u0026ovd=3200\u0026oaad=11000\u0026oavd=11000\u0026ocs=700\u0026oewis=1\u0026oputc=1\u0026ofpcc=1\u0026msp=1\u0026odepv=1\u0026id=ce27a4011068e328\u0026ip=27.34.72.167\u0026osts=50\u0026initcwndbps=1372500\u0026mt=1777291542\u0026oweuc=\u0026pxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ\u0026rxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzMw%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNA%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNg"}}}}},"trackingParams":"CIIBENDQBhgBIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","shareButton":{"buttonRenderer":{"style":"STYLE_TEXT","icon":{"iconType":"SHARE"},"trackingParams":"CIQBEI3QByITCNqZzNqAjpQDFR5LOAUd_MYsWA==","accessibilityData":{"accessibilityData":{"label":"Share"}},"command":{"clickTrackingParams":"CIQBEI3QByITCNqZzNqAjpQDFR5LOAUd_MYsWMoBBNkXUCE=","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/share/get_share_panel"}},"shareEntityServiceEndpoint":{"serializedShareEntity":"Cgt6aWVrQVJCbzR5Z2IQCDISDEludHJvZHVjdGlvbg%3D%3D","commands":[{"clickTrackingParams":"CIQBEI3QByITCNqZzNqAjpQDFR5LOAUd_MYsWMoBBNkXUCE=","openPopupAction":{"popup":{"unifiedSharePanelRenderer":{"trackingParams":"CIUBEI5iIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","showLoadingSpinner":true}},"popupType":"DIALOG","beReused":true}}]}}}},"repeatButton":{"toggleButtonRenderer":{"style":{"styleType":"STYLE_DEFAULT_ACTIVE"},"isToggled":false,"isDisabled":false,"defaultIcon":{"iconType":"LOOP"},"defaultServiceEndpoint":{"clickTrackingParams":"CIMBEPORCSITCNqZzNqAjpQDFR5LOAUd_MYsWMoBBNkXUCE=","repeatChapterCommand":{"repeat":"REPEAT_CHAPTER_TYPE_ENABLE_REPEAT","startTimeMs":"50000","endTimeMs":"218000","repeatStateEntityKey":"EgxyZXBlYXRfc3RhdGUgyQIoAQ%3D%3D"}},"toggledServiceEndpoint":{"clickTrackingParams":"CIMBEPORCSITCNqZzNqAjpQDFR5LOAUd_MYsWMoBBNkXUCE=","commandExecutorCommand":{"commands":[{"clickTrackingParams":"CIMBEPORCSITCNqZzNqAjpQDFR5LOAUd_MYsWMoBBNkXUCE=","entityUpdateCommand":{"entityBatchUpdate":{"mutations":[{"entityKey":"EgxyZXBlYXRfc3RhdGUgyQIoAQ%3D%3D","type":"ENTITY_MUTATION_TYPE_DELETE"}]}}},{"clickTrackingParams":"CIMBEPORCSITCNqZzNqAjpQDFR5LOAUd_MYsWMoBBNkXUCE=","repeatChapterCommand":{"repeat":"REPEAT_CHAPTER_TYPE_DISABLE_REPEAT"}}]}},"trackingParams":"CIMBEPORCSITCNqZzNqAjpQDFR5LOAUd_MYsWA==","toggledStyle":{"styleType":"STYLE_BLUE_TEXT"},"accessibilityData":{"accessibilityData":{"label":"Repeat chapter is off"}},"toggledAccessibilityData":{"accessibilityData":{"label":"Repeat chapter is on"}}}},"macroMarkerRepeatStateEntityKey":"EgxyZXBlYXRfc3RhdGUgyQIoAQ%3D%3D","endRepeatCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CIIBENDQBhgBIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandExecutorCommand":{"commands":[{"clickTrackingParams":"CIIBENDQBhgBIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","entityUpdateCommand":{"entityBatchUpdate":{"mutations":[{"entityKey":"EgxyZXBlYXRfc3RhdGUgyQIoAQ%3D%3D","type":"ENTITY_MUTATION_TYPE_DELETE"}]}}},{"clickTrackingParams":"CIIBENDQBhgBIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","repeatChapterCommand":{"repeat":"REPEAT_CHAPTER_TYPE_DISABLE_REPEAT"}}]}},"playerStateEntityKey":"Eh8veW91dHViZS9hcHAvd2F0Y2gvcGxheWVyX3N0YXRlIMMCKAE%3D","carouselType":"MACRO_MARKERS_LIST_ITEM_RENDERER_CAROUSEL_TYPE_DEFAULT","lightColorPalette":{"section1Color":4294705150,"section2Color":4294047992,"section3Color":4293391089,"primaryTitleColor":4279245081,"secondaryTitleColor":4282739561,"section4Color":4292733931},"darkColorPalette":{"section1Color":4278661937,"section2Color":4278527524,"section3Color":4278393112,"primaryTitleColor":4293263357,"secondaryTitleColor":4288924874,"section4Color":4278258700},"timeDescriptionA11yLabel":"50 seconds"}},{"macroMarkersListItemRenderer":{"title":{"simpleText":"LinkedIn and Pinterest publishing in Express"},"timeDescription":{"accessibility":{"accessibilityData":{"label":"3 minutes, 38 seconds"}},"simpleText":"3:38"},"thumbnail":{"thumbnails":[{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/ziekARBo4yg/hqdefault_240933.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEbCKgBEF5IVfKriqkDDggBFQAAiEIYAXABwAEG\u0026rs=AOn4CLC-z8I6GK1nQ3GTwCKIugCyKiBILg","width":168,"height":94},{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/ziekARBo4yg/hqdefault_240933.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEcCNACELwBSFXyq4qpAw4IARUAAIhCGAFwAcABBg==\u0026rs=AOn4CLAGsRPWNJyb3jrhxT8Wdq-EJj8TSQ","width":336,"height":188}],"lightColorPalette":{"section1Color":4294966523,"section2Color":4294505713,"section3Color":4294110183,"primaryTitleColor":4279833616,"secondaryTitleColor":4285881420,"section4Color":4293649373},"darkColorPalette":{"section1Color":4282329628,"section2Color":4281541142,"section3Color":4280686865,"primaryTitleColor":4294963173,"secondaryTitleColor":4291605411,"section4Color":4279832843}},"onTap":{"clickTrackingParams":"CH4Q0NAGGAIiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFjKAQTZF1Ah","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/watch?v=ziekARBo4yg\u0026t=218s","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_WATCH","rootVe":3832}},"watchEndpoint":{"videoId":"ziekARBo4yg","continuePlayback":true,"startTimeSeconds":218,"watchEndpointSupportedOnesieConfig":{"html5PlaybackOnesieConfig":{"commonConfig":{"url":"https://rr2---sn-fapo3ox25a-cq2l.googlevideo.com/initplayback?source=youtube\u0026oeis=1\u0026c=WEB\u0026oad=3200\u0026ovd=3200\u0026oaad=11000\u0026oavd=11000\u0026ocs=700\u0026oewis=1\u0026oputc=1\u0026ofpcc=1\u0026msp=1\u0026odepv=1\u0026id=ce27a4011068e328\u0026ip=27.34.72.167\u0026osts=218\u0026initcwndbps=1372500\u0026mt=1777291542\u0026oweuc=\u0026pxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ\u0026rxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzMw%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNA%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNg"}}}}},"trackingParams":"CH4Q0NAGGAIiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFg=","shareButton":{"buttonRenderer":{"style":"STYLE_TEXT","icon":{"iconType":"SHARE"},"trackingParams":"CIABEI3QByITCNqZzNqAjpQDFR5LOAUd_MYsWA==","accessibilityData":{"accessibilityData":{"label":"Share"}},"command":{"clickTrackingParams":"CIABEI3QByITCNqZzNqAjpQDFR5LOAUd_MYsWMoBBNkXUCE=","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/share/get_share_panel"}},"shareEntityServiceEndpoint":{"serializedShareEntity":"Cgt6aWVrQVJCbzR5Z2IxCNoBEixMaW5rZWRJbiBhbmQgUGludGVyZXN0IHB1Ymxpc2hpbmcgaW4gRXhwcmVzcw%3D%3D","commands":[{"clickTrackingParams":"CIABEI3QByITCNqZzNqAjpQDFR5LOAUd_MYsWMoBBNkXUCE=","openPopupAction":{"popup":{"unifiedSharePanelRenderer":{"trackingParams":"CIEBEI5iIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","showLoadingSpinner":true}},"popupType":"DIALOG","beReused":true}}]}}}},"repeatButton":{"toggleButtonRenderer":{"style":{"styleType":"STYLE_DEFAULT_ACTIVE"},"isToggled":false,"isDisabled":false,"defaultIcon":{"iconType":"LOOP"},"defaultServiceEndpoint":{"clickTrackingParams":"CH8Q85EJIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","repeatChapterCommand":{"repeat":"REPEAT_CHAPTER_TYPE_ENABLE_REPEAT","startTimeMs":"218000","endTimeMs":"314000","repeatStateEntityKey":"EgxyZXBlYXRfc3RhdGUgyQIoAQ%3D%3D"}},"toggledServiceEndpoint":{"clickTrackingParams":"CH8Q85EJIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandExecutorCommand":{"commands":[{"clickTrackingParams":"CH8Q85EJIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","entityUpdateCommand":{"entityBatchUpdate":{"mutations":[{"entityKey":"EgxyZXBlYXRfc3RhdGUgyQIoAQ%3D%3D","type":"ENTITY_MUTATION_TYPE_DELETE"}]}}},{"clickTrackingParams":"CH8Q85EJIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","repeatChapterCommand":{"repeat":"REPEAT_CHAPTER_TYPE_DISABLE_REPEAT"}}]}},"trackingParams":"CH8Q85EJIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","toggledStyle":{"styleType":"STYLE_BLUE_TEXT"},"accessibilityData":{"accessibilityData":{"label":"Repeat chapter is off"}},"toggledAccessibilityData":{"accessibilityData":{"label":"Repeat chapter is on"}}}},"macroMarkerRepeatStateEntityKey":"EgxyZXBlYXRfc3RhdGUgyQIoAQ%3D%3D","endRepeatCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CH4Q0NAGGAIiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFjKAQTZF1Ah","commandExecutorCommand":{"commands":[{"clickTrackingParams":"CH4Q0NAGGAIiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFjKAQTZF1Ah","entityUpdateCommand":{"entityBatchUpdate":{"mutations":[{"entityKey":"EgxyZXBlYXRfc3RhdGUgyQIoAQ%3D%3D","type":"ENTITY_MUTATION_TYPE_DELETE"}]}}},{"clickTrackingParams":"CH4Q0NAGGAIiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFjKAQTZF1Ah","repeatChapterCommand":{"repeat":"REPEAT_CHAPTER_TYPE_DISABLE_REPEAT"}}]}},"playerStateEntityKey":"Eh8veW91dHViZS9hcHAvd2F0Y2gvcGxheWVyX3N0YXRlIMMCKAE%3D","carouselType":"MACRO_MARKERS_LIST_ITEM_RENDERER_CAROUSEL_TYPE_DEFAULT","lightColorPalette":{"section1Color":4294966523,"section2Color":4294505713,"section3Color":4294110183,"primaryTitleColor":4279833616,"secondaryTitleColor":4285881420,"section4Color":4293649373},"darkColorPalette":{"section1Color":4282329628,"section2Color":4281541142,"section3Color":4280686865,"primaryTitleColor":4294963173,"secondaryTitleColor":4291605411,"section4Color":4279832843},"timeDescriptionA11yLabel":"3 minutes, 38 seconds"}},{"macroMarkersListItemRenderer":{"title":{"simpleText":"Instagram advertising"},"timeDescription":{"accessibility":{"accessibilityData":{"label":"5 minutes, 14 seconds"}},"simpleText":"5:14"},"thumbnail":{"thumbnails":[{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/ziekARBo4yg/hqdefault_320766.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEbCKgBEF5IVfKriqkDDggBFQAAiEIYAXABwAEG\u0026rs=AOn4CLCf2faskmSgZDbHeTgqzdR46kY0Xw","width":168,"height":94},{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/ziekARBo4yg/hqdefault_320766.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEcCNACELwBSFXyq4qpAw4IARUAAIhCGAFwAcABBg==\u0026rs=AOn4CLCCispZOQUk-k1cwYIPWfCpIiYjkQ","width":336,"height":188}],"lightColorPalette":{"section1Color":4294966267,"section2Color":4294504945,"section3Color":4294109160,"primaryTitleColor":4279832593,"secondaryTitleColor":4286534231,"section4Color":4293647839},"darkColorPalette":{"section1Color":4282321166,"section2Color":4281534219,"section3Color":4280681736,"primaryTitleColor":4294960615,"secondaryTitleColor":4291601318,"section4Color":4279829253}},"onTap":{"clickTrackingParams":"CHoQ0NAGGAMiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFjKAQTZF1Ah","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/watch?v=ziekARBo4yg\u0026t=314s","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_WATCH","rootVe":3832}},"watchEndpoint":{"videoId":"ziekARBo4yg","continuePlayback":true,"startTimeSeconds":314,"watchEndpointSupportedOnesieConfig":{"html5PlaybackOnesieConfig":{"commonConfig":{"url":"https://rr2---sn-fapo3ox25a-cq2l.googlevideo.com/initplayback?source=youtube\u0026oeis=1\u0026c=WEB\u0026oad=3200\u0026ovd=3200\u0026oaad=11000\u0026oavd=11000\u0026ocs=700\u0026oewis=1\u0026oputc=1\u0026ofpcc=1\u0026msp=1\u0026odepv=1\u0026id=ce27a4011068e328\u0026ip=27.34.72.167\u0026osts=314\u0026initcwndbps=1372500\u0026mt=1777291542\u0026oweuc=\u0026pxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ\u0026rxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzMw%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNA%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNg"}}}}},"trackingParams":"CHoQ0NAGGAMiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFg=","shareButton":{"buttonRenderer":{"style":"STYLE_TEXT","icon":{"iconType":"SHARE"},"trackingParams":"CHwQjdAHIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","accessibilityData":{"accessibilityData":{"label":"Share"}},"command":{"clickTrackingParams":"CHwQjdAHIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/share/get_share_panel"}},"shareEntityServiceEndpoint":{"serializedShareEntity":"Cgt6aWVrQVJCbzR5Z2IaCLoCEhVJbnN0YWdyYW0gYWR2ZXJ0aXNpbmc%3D","commands":[{"clickTrackingParams":"CHwQjdAHIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","openPopupAction":{"popup":{"unifiedSharePanelRenderer":{"trackingParams":"CH0QjmIiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFg=","showLoadingSpinner":true}},"popupType":"DIALOG","beReused":true}}]}}}},"repeatButton":{"toggleButtonRenderer":{"style":{"styleType":"STYLE_DEFAULT_ACTIVE"},"isToggled":false,"isDisabled":false,"defaultIcon":{"iconType":"LOOP"},"defaultServiceEndpoint":{"clickTrackingParams":"CHsQ85EJIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","repeatChapterCommand":{"repeat":"REPEAT_CHAPTER_TYPE_ENABLE_REPEAT","startTimeMs":"314000","endTimeMs":"430000","repeatStateEntityKey":"EgxyZXBlYXRfc3RhdGUgyQIoAQ%3D%3D"}},"toggledServiceEndpoint":{"clickTrackingParams":"CHsQ85EJIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandExecutorCommand":{"commands":[{"clickTrackingParams":"CHsQ85EJIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","entityUpdateCommand":{"entityBatchUpdate":{"mutations":[{"entityKey":"EgxyZXBlYXRfc3RhdGUgyQIoAQ%3D%3D","type":"ENTITY_MUTATION_TYPE_DELETE"}]}}},{"clickTrackingParams":"CHsQ85EJIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","repeatChapterCommand":{"repeat":"REPEAT_CHAPTER_TYPE_DISABLE_REPEAT"}}]}},"trackingParams":"CHsQ85EJIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","toggledStyle":{"styleType":"STYLE_BLUE_TEXT"},"accessibilityData":{"accessibilityData":{"label":"Repeat chapter is off"}},"toggledAccessibilityData":{"accessibilityData":{"label":"Repeat chapter is on"}}}},"macroMarkerRepeatStateEntityKey":"EgxyZXBlYXRfc3RhdGUgyQIoAQ%3D%3D","endRepeatCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CHoQ0NAGGAMiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFjKAQTZF1Ah","commandExecutorCommand":{"commands":[{"clickTrackingParams":"CHoQ0NAGGAMiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFjKAQTZF1Ah","entityUpdateCommand":{"entityBatchUpdate":{"mutations":[{"entityKey":"EgxyZXBlYXRfc3RhdGUgyQIoAQ%3D%3D","type":"ENTITY_MUTATION_TYPE_DELETE"}]}}},{"clickTrackingParams":"CHoQ0NAGGAMiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFjKAQTZF1Ah","repeatChapterCommand":{"repeat":"REPEAT_CHAPTER_TYPE_DISABLE_REPEAT"}}]}},"playerStateEntityKey":"Eh8veW91dHViZS9hcHAvd2F0Y2gvcGxheWVyX3N0YXRlIMMCKAE%3D","carouselType":"MACRO_MARKERS_LIST_ITEM_RENDERER_CAROUSEL_TYPE_DEFAULT","lightColorPalette":{"section1Color":4294966267,"section2Color":4294504945,"section3Color":4294109160,"primaryTitleColor":4279832593,"secondaryTitleColor":4286534231,"section4Color":4293647839},"darkColorPalette":{"section1Color":4282321166,"section2Color":4281534219,"section3Color":4280681736,"primaryTitleColor":4294960615,"secondaryTitleColor":4291601318,"section4Color":4279829253},"timeDescriptionA11yLabel":"5 minutes, 14 seconds"}},{"macroMarkersListItemRenderer":{"title":{"simpleText":"Instagram Reels"},"timeDescription":{"accessibility":{"accessibilityData":{"label":"7 minutes, 10 seconds"}},"simpleText":"7:10"},"thumbnail":{"thumbnails":[{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/ziekARBo4yg/hqdefault_430833.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEbCKgBEF5IVfKriqkDDggBFQAAiEIYAXABwAEG\u0026rs=AOn4CLDs99IiM4UajEVh919IPLWkpj35AA","width":168,"height":94},{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/ziekARBo4yg/hqdefault_430833.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEcCNACELwBSFXyq4qpAw4IARUAAIhCGAFwAcABBg==\u0026rs=AOn4CLAU3ey11-yeDOpP4CU-tNJ5a6yz6g","width":336,"height":188}],"lightColorPalette":{"section1Color":4294966267,"section2Color":4294504945,"section3Color":4294109160,"primaryTitleColor":4279832593,"secondaryTitleColor":4286534231,"section4Color":4293647839},"darkColorPalette":{"section1Color":4282321166,"section2Color":4281534219,"section3Color":4280681736,"primaryTitleColor":4294960615,"secondaryTitleColor":4291601319,"section4Color":4279829253}},"onTap":{"clickTrackingParams":"CHYQ0NAGGAQiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFjKAQTZF1Ah","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/watch?v=ziekARBo4yg\u0026t=430s","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_WATCH","rootVe":3832}},"watchEndpoint":{"videoId":"ziekARBo4yg","continuePlayback":true,"startTimeSeconds":430,"watchEndpointSupportedOnesieConfig":{"html5PlaybackOnesieConfig":{"commonConfig":{"url":"https://rr2---sn-fapo3ox25a-cq2l.googlevideo.com/initplayback?source=youtube\u0026oeis=1\u0026c=WEB\u0026oad=3200\u0026ovd=3200\u0026oaad=11000\u0026oavd=11000\u0026ocs=700\u0026oewis=1\u0026oputc=1\u0026ofpcc=1\u0026msp=1\u0026odepv=1\u0026id=ce27a4011068e328\u0026ip=27.34.72.167\u0026osts=430\u0026initcwndbps=1372500\u0026mt=1777291542\u0026oweuc=\u0026pxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ\u0026rxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzMw%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNA%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNg"}}}}},"trackingParams":"CHYQ0NAGGAQiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFg=","shareButton":{"buttonRenderer":{"style":"STYLE_TEXT","icon":{"iconType":"SHARE"},"trackingParams":"CHgQjdAHIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","accessibilityData":{"accessibilityData":{"label":"Share"}},"command":{"clickTrackingParams":"CHgQjdAHIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/share/get_share_panel"}},"shareEntityServiceEndpoint":{"serializedShareEntity":"Cgt6aWVrQVJCbzR5Z2IUCK4DEg9JbnN0YWdyYW0gUmVlbHM%3D","commands":[{"clickTrackingParams":"CHgQjdAHIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","openPopupAction":{"popup":{"unifiedSharePanelRenderer":{"trackingParams":"CHkQjmIiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFg=","showLoadingSpinner":true}},"popupType":"DIALOG","beReused":true}}]}}}},"repeatButton":{"toggleButtonRenderer":{"style":{"styleType":"STYLE_DEFAULT_ACTIVE"},"isToggled":false,"isDisabled":false,"defaultIcon":{"iconType":"LOOP"},"defaultServiceEndpoint":{"clickTrackingParams":"CHcQ85EJIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","repeatChapterCommand":{"repeat":"REPEAT_CHAPTER_TYPE_ENABLE_REPEAT","startTimeMs":"430000","endTimeMs":"570000","repeatStateEntityKey":"EgxyZXBlYXRfc3RhdGUgyQIoAQ%3D%3D"}},"toggledServiceEndpoint":{"clickTrackingParams":"CHcQ85EJIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandExecutorCommand":{"commands":[{"clickTrackingParams":"CHcQ85EJIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","entityUpdateCommand":{"entityBatchUpdate":{"mutations":[{"entityKey":"EgxyZXBlYXRfc3RhdGUgyQIoAQ%3D%3D","type":"ENTITY_MUTATION_TYPE_DELETE"}]}}},{"clickTrackingParams":"CHcQ85EJIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","repeatChapterCommand":{"repeat":"REPEAT_CHAPTER_TYPE_DISABLE_REPEAT"}}]}},"trackingParams":"CHcQ85EJIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","toggledStyle":{"styleType":"STYLE_BLUE_TEXT"},"accessibilityData":{"accessibilityData":{"label":"Repeat chapter is off"}},"toggledAccessibilityData":{"accessibilityData":{"label":"Repeat chapter is on"}}}},"macroMarkerRepeatStateEntityKey":"EgxyZXBlYXRfc3RhdGUgyQIoAQ%3D%3D","endRepeatCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CHYQ0NAGGAQiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFjKAQTZF1Ah","commandExecutorCommand":{"commands":[{"clickTrackingParams":"CHYQ0NAGGAQiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFjKAQTZF1Ah","entityUpdateCommand":{"entityBatchUpdate":{"mutations":[{"entityKey":"EgxyZXBlYXRfc3RhdGUgyQIoAQ%3D%3D","type":"ENTITY_MUTATION_TYPE_DELETE"}]}}},{"clickTrackingParams":"CHYQ0NAGGAQiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFjKAQTZF1Ah","repeatChapterCommand":{"repeat":"REPEAT_CHAPTER_TYPE_DISABLE_REPEAT"}}]}},"playerStateEntityKey":"Eh8veW91dHViZS9hcHAvd2F0Y2gvcGxheWVyX3N0YXRlIMMCKAE%3D","carouselType":"MACRO_MARKERS_LIST_ITEM_RENDERER_CAROUSEL_TYPE_DEFAULT","lightColorPalette":{"section1Color":4294966267,"section2Color":4294504945,"section3Color":4294109160,"primaryTitleColor":4279832593,"secondaryTitleColor":4286534231,"section4Color":4293647839},"darkColorPalette":{"section1Color":4282321166,"section2Color":4281534219,"section3Color":4280681736,"primaryTitleColor":4294960615,"secondaryTitleColor":4291601319,"section4Color":4279829253},"timeDescriptionA11yLabel":"7 minutes, 10 seconds"}},{"macroMarkersListItemRenderer":{"title":{"simpleText":"Reels vs TikTok vs LinkedIn"},"timeDescription":{"accessibility":{"accessibilityData":{"label":"9 minutes, 30 seconds"}},"simpleText":"9:30"},"thumbnail":{"thumbnails":[{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/ziekARBo4yg/hqdefault_572200.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEbCKgBEF5IVfKriqkDDggBFQAAiEIYAXABwAEG\u0026rs=AOn4CLBzzqy7jh7a6Sj529KkrLfYjaARUg","width":168,"height":94},{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/ziekARBo4yg/hqdefault_572200.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEcCNACELwBSFXyq4qpAw4IARUAAIhCGAFwAcABBg==\u0026rs=AOn4CLCbxy9ajmLaMHSP4ODHd-DoJw9kWQ","width":336,"height":188}],"lightColorPalette":{"section1Color":4294967295,"section2Color":4294440951,"section3Color":4293914607,"primaryTitleColor":4279834905,"secondaryTitleColor":4284835173,"section4Color":4293454056},"darkColorPalette":{"section1Color":4282335039,"section2Color":4281545523,"section3Color":4280690214,"primaryTitleColor":4294967295,"secondaryTitleColor":4291611852,"section4Color":4279834905}},"onTap":{"clickTrackingParams":"CHIQ0NAGGAUiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFjKAQTZF1Ah","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/watch?v=ziekARBo4yg\u0026t=570s\u0026pp=0gcJCREDDuyUWbzu","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_WATCH","rootVe":3832}},"watchEndpoint":{"videoId":"ziekARBo4yg","continuePlayback":true,"startTimeSeconds":570,"playerParams":"0gcJCREDDuyUWbzu","watchEndpointSupportedOnesieConfig":{"html5PlaybackOnesieConfig":{"commonConfig":{"url":"https://rr2---sn-fapo3ox25a-cq2l.googlevideo.com/initplayback?source=youtube\u0026oeis=1\u0026c=WEB\u0026oad=3200\u0026ovd=3200\u0026oaad=11000\u0026oavd=11000\u0026ocs=700\u0026oewis=1\u0026oputc=1\u0026ofpcc=1\u0026msp=1\u0026odepv=1\u0026id=ce27a4011068e328\u0026ip=27.34.72.167\u0026osts=570\u0026initcwndbps=1372500\u0026mt=1777291542\u0026oweuc=\u0026pxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ\u0026rxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzMw%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNA%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNg"}}}}},"trackingParams":"CHIQ0NAGGAUiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFg=","shareButton":{"buttonRenderer":{"style":"STYLE_TEXT","icon":{"iconType":"SHARE"},"trackingParams":"CHQQjdAHIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","accessibilityData":{"accessibilityData":{"label":"Share"}},"command":{"clickTrackingParams":"CHQQjdAHIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/share/get_share_panel"}},"shareEntityServiceEndpoint":{"serializedShareEntity":"Cgt6aWVrQVJCbzR5Z2IgCLoEEhtSZWVscyB2cyBUaWtUb2sgdnMgTGlua2VkSW4%3D","commands":[{"clickTrackingParams":"CHQQjdAHIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","openPopupAction":{"popup":{"unifiedSharePanelRenderer":{"trackingParams":"CHUQjmIiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFg=","showLoadingSpinner":true}},"popupType":"DIALOG","beReused":true}}]}}}},"repeatButton":{"toggleButtonRenderer":{"style":{"styleType":"STYLE_DEFAULT_ACTIVE"},"isToggled":false,"isDisabled":false,"defaultIcon":{"iconType":"LOOP"},"defaultServiceEndpoint":{"clickTrackingParams":"CHMQ85EJIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","repeatChapterCommand":{"repeat":"REPEAT_CHAPTER_TYPE_ENABLE_REPEAT","startTimeMs":"570000","endTimeMs":"845000","repeatStateEntityKey":"EgxyZXBlYXRfc3RhdGUgyQIoAQ%3D%3D"}},"toggledServiceEndpoint":{"clickTrackingParams":"CHMQ85EJIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandExecutorCommand":{"commands":[{"clickTrackingParams":"CHMQ85EJIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","entityUpdateCommand":{"entityBatchUpdate":{"mutations":[{"entityKey":"EgxyZXBlYXRfc3RhdGUgyQIoAQ%3D%3D","type":"ENTITY_MUTATION_TYPE_DELETE"}]}}},{"clickTrackingParams":"CHMQ85EJIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","repeatChapterCommand":{"repeat":"REPEAT_CHAPTER_TYPE_DISABLE_REPEAT"}}]}},"trackingParams":"CHMQ85EJIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","toggledStyle":{"styleType":"STYLE_BLUE_TEXT"},"accessibilityData":{"accessibilityData":{"label":"Repeat chapter is off"}},"toggledAccessibilityData":{"accessibilityData":{"label":"Repeat chapter is on"}}}},"macroMarkerRepeatStateEntityKey":"EgxyZXBlYXRfc3RhdGUgyQIoAQ%3D%3D","endRepeatCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CHIQ0NAGGAUiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFjKAQTZF1Ah","commandExecutorCommand":{"commands":[{"clickTrackingParams":"CHIQ0NAGGAUiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFjKAQTZF1Ah","entityUpdateCommand":{"entityBatchUpdate":{"mutations":[{"entityKey":"EgxyZXBlYXRfc3RhdGUgyQIoAQ%3D%3D","type":"ENTITY_MUTATION_TYPE_DELETE"}]}}},{"clickTrackingParams":"CHIQ0NAGGAUiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFjKAQTZF1Ah","repeatChapterCommand":{"repeat":"REPEAT_CHAPTER_TYPE_DISABLE_REPEAT"}}]}},"playerStateEntityKey":"Eh8veW91dHViZS9hcHAvd2F0Y2gvcGxheWVyX3N0YXRlIMMCKAE%3D","carouselType":"MACRO_MARKERS_LIST_ITEM_RENDERER_CAROUSEL_TYPE_DEFAULT","lightColorPalette":{"section1Color":4294967295,"section2Color":4294440951,"section3Color":4293914607,"primaryTitleColor":4279834905,"secondaryTitleColor":4284835173,"section4Color":4293454056},"darkColorPalette":{"section1Color":4282335039,"section2Color":4281545523,"section3Color":4280690214,"primaryTitleColor":4294967295,"secondaryTitleColor":4291611852,"section4Color":4279834905},"timeDescriptionA11yLabel":"9 minutes, 30 seconds"}},{"macroMarkersListItemRenderer":{"title":{"simpleText":"Tips for post engagement"},"timeDescription":{"accessibility":{"accessibilityData":{"label":"14 minutes, 5 seconds"}},"simpleText":"14:05"},"thumbnail":{"thumbnails":[{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/ziekARBo4yg/hqdefault_848300.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEbCKgBEF5IVfKriqkDDggBFQAAiEIYAXABwAEG\u0026rs=AOn4CLAoPV_nM8VqnvKQMNG0UE69-TAcPQ","width":168,"height":94},{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/ziekARBo4yg/hqdefault_848300.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEcCNACELwBSFXyq4qpAw4IARUAAIhCGAFwAcABBg==\u0026rs=AOn4CLD8f5uTx07lLOZtz_n47vckjkAs4Q","width":336,"height":188}],"lightColorPalette":{"section1Color":4294966267,"section2Color":4294504946,"section3Color":4294109160,"primaryTitleColor":4279832593,"secondaryTitleColor":4286534233,"section4Color":4293647839},"darkColorPalette":{"section1Color":4282321169,"section2Color":4281534222,"section3Color":4280681738,"primaryTitleColor":4294960617,"secondaryTitleColor":4291601321,"section4Color":4279829255}},"onTap":{"clickTrackingParams":"CG4Q0NAGGAYiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFjKAQTZF1Ah","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/watch?v=ziekARBo4yg\u0026t=845s","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_WATCH","rootVe":3832}},"watchEndpoint":{"videoId":"ziekARBo4yg","continuePlayback":true,"startTimeSeconds":845,"watchEndpointSupportedOnesieConfig":{"html5PlaybackOnesieConfig":{"commonConfig":{"url":"https://rr2---sn-fapo3ox25a-cq2l.googlevideo.com/initplayback?source=youtube\u0026oeis=1\u0026c=WEB\u0026oad=3200\u0026ovd=3200\u0026oaad=11000\u0026oavd=11000\u0026ocs=700\u0026oewis=1\u0026oputc=1\u0026ofpcc=1\u0026msp=1\u0026odepv=1\u0026id=ce27a4011068e328\u0026ip=27.34.72.167\u0026osts=845\u0026initcwndbps=1372500\u0026mt=1777291542\u0026oweuc=\u0026pxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ\u0026rxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzMw%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNA%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNg"}}}}},"trackingParams":"CG4Q0NAGGAYiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFg=","shareButton":{"buttonRenderer":{"style":"STYLE_TEXT","icon":{"iconType":"SHARE"},"trackingParams":"CHAQjdAHIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","accessibilityData":{"accessibilityData":{"label":"Share"}},"command":{"clickTrackingParams":"CHAQjdAHIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/share/get_share_panel"}},"shareEntityServiceEndpoint":{"serializedShareEntity":"Cgt6aWVrQVJCbzR5Z2IdCM0GEhhUaXBzIGZvciBwb3N0IGVuZ2FnZW1lbnQ%3D","commands":[{"clickTrackingParams":"CHAQjdAHIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","openPopupAction":{"popup":{"unifiedSharePanelRenderer":{"trackingParams":"CHEQjmIiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFg=","showLoadingSpinner":true}},"popupType":"DIALOG","beReused":true}}]}}}},"repeatButton":{"toggleButtonRenderer":{"style":{"styleType":"STYLE_DEFAULT_ACTIVE"},"isToggled":false,"isDisabled":false,"defaultIcon":{"iconType":"LOOP"},"defaultServiceEndpoint":{"clickTrackingParams":"CG8Q85EJIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","repeatChapterCommand":{"repeat":"REPEAT_CHAPTER_TYPE_ENABLE_REPEAT","startTimeMs":"845000","endTimeMs":"944000","repeatStateEntityKey":"EgxyZXBlYXRfc3RhdGUgyQIoAQ%3D%3D"}},"toggledServiceEndpoint":{"clickTrackingParams":"CG8Q85EJIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandExecutorCommand":{"commands":[{"clickTrackingParams":"CG8Q85EJIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","entityUpdateCommand":{"entityBatchUpdate":{"mutations":[{"entityKey":"EgxyZXBlYXRfc3RhdGUgyQIoAQ%3D%3D","type":"ENTITY_MUTATION_TYPE_DELETE"}]}}},{"clickTrackingParams":"CG8Q85EJIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","repeatChapterCommand":{"repeat":"REPEAT_CHAPTER_TYPE_DISABLE_REPEAT"}}]}},"trackingParams":"CG8Q85EJIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","toggledStyle":{"styleType":"STYLE_BLUE_TEXT"},"accessibilityData":{"accessibilityData":{"label":"Repeat chapter is off"}},"toggledAccessibilityData":{"accessibilityData":{"label":"Repeat chapter is on"}}}},"macroMarkerRepeatStateEntityKey":"EgxyZXBlYXRfc3RhdGUgyQIoAQ%3D%3D","endRepeatCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CG4Q0NAGGAYiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFjKAQTZF1Ah","commandExecutorCommand":{"commands":[{"clickTrackingParams":"CG4Q0NAGGAYiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFjKAQTZF1Ah","entityUpdateCommand":{"entityBatchUpdate":{"mutations":[{"entityKey":"EgxyZXBlYXRfc3RhdGUgyQIoAQ%3D%3D","type":"ENTITY_MUTATION_TYPE_DELETE"}]}}},{"clickTrackingParams":"CG4Q0NAGGAYiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFjKAQTZF1Ah","repeatChapterCommand":{"repeat":"REPEAT_CHAPTER_TYPE_DISABLE_REPEAT"}}]}},"playerStateEntityKey":"Eh8veW91dHViZS9hcHAvd2F0Y2gvcGxheWVyX3N0YXRlIMMCKAE%3D","carouselType":"MACRO_MARKERS_LIST_ITEM_RENDERER_CAROUSEL_TYPE_DEFAULT","lightColorPalette":{"section1Color":4294966267,"section2Color":4294504946,"section3Color":4294109160,"primaryTitleColor":4279832593,"secondaryTitleColor":4286534233,"section4Color":4293647839},"darkColorPalette":{"section1Color":4282321169,"section2Color":4281534222,"section3Color":4280681738,"primaryTitleColor":4294960617,"secondaryTitleColor":4291601321,"section4Color":4279829255},"timeDescriptionA11yLabel":"14 minutes, 5 seconds"}},{"macroMarkersListItemRenderer":{"title":{"simpleText":"Tiktok demographics and data"},"timeDescription":{"accessibility":{"accessibilityData":{"label":"15 minutes, 44 seconds"}},"simpleText":"15:44"},"thumbnail":{"thumbnails":[{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/ziekARBo4yg/hqdefault_968133.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEbCKgBEF5IVfKriqkDDggBFQAAiEIYAXABwAEG\u0026rs=AOn4CLAaPNmJZVgitEJ9JU5V7j78XuBpRQ","width":168,"height":94},{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/ziekARBo4yg/hqdefault_968133.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEcCNACELwBSFXyq4qpAw4IARUAAIhCGAFwAcABBg==\u0026rs=AOn4CLAxEzpOYse5hXDbUaPIJCDiVYN8Tg","width":336,"height":188}],"lightColorPalette":{"section1Color":4294966269,"section2Color":4294504949,"section3Color":4294109165,"primaryTitleColor":4279832597,"secondaryTitleColor":4286534250,"section4Color":4293647845},"darkColorPalette":{"section1Color":4282324523,"section2Color":4281536803,"section3Color":4280683802,"primaryTitleColor":4294960626,"secondaryTitleColor":4291601336,"section4Color":4279830545}},"onTap":{"clickTrackingParams":"CGoQ0NAGGAciEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFjKAQTZF1Ah","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/watch?v=ziekARBo4yg\u0026t=944s","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_WATCH","rootVe":3832}},"watchEndpoint":{"videoId":"ziekARBo4yg","continuePlayback":true,"startTimeSeconds":944,"watchEndpointSupportedOnesieConfig":{"html5PlaybackOnesieConfig":{"commonConfig":{"url":"https://rr2---sn-fapo3ox25a-cq2l.googlevideo.com/initplayback?source=youtube\u0026oeis=1\u0026c=WEB\u0026oad=3200\u0026ovd=3200\u0026oaad=11000\u0026oavd=11000\u0026ocs=700\u0026oewis=1\u0026oputc=1\u0026ofpcc=1\u0026msp=1\u0026odepv=1\u0026id=ce27a4011068e328\u0026ip=27.34.72.167\u0026osts=944\u0026initcwndbps=1372500\u0026mt=1777291542\u0026oweuc=\u0026pxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ\u0026rxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzMw%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNA%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNg"}}}}},"trackingParams":"CGoQ0NAGGAciEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFg=","shareButton":{"buttonRenderer":{"style":"STYLE_TEXT","icon":{"iconType":"SHARE"},"trackingParams":"CGwQjdAHIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","accessibilityData":{"accessibilityData":{"label":"Share"}},"command":{"clickTrackingParams":"CGwQjdAHIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/share/get_share_panel"}},"shareEntityServiceEndpoint":{"serializedShareEntity":"Cgt6aWVrQVJCbzR5Z2IhCLAHEhxUaWt0b2sgZGVtb2dyYXBoaWNzIGFuZCBkYXRh","commands":[{"clickTrackingParams":"CGwQjdAHIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","openPopupAction":{"popup":{"unifiedSharePanelRenderer":{"trackingParams":"CG0QjmIiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFg=","showLoadingSpinner":true}},"popupType":"DIALOG","beReused":true}}]}}}},"repeatButton":{"toggleButtonRenderer":{"style":{"styleType":"STYLE_DEFAULT_ACTIVE"},"isToggled":false,"isDisabled":false,"defaultIcon":{"iconType":"LOOP"},"defaultServiceEndpoint":{"clickTrackingParams":"CGsQ85EJIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","repeatChapterCommand":{"repeat":"REPEAT_CHAPTER_TYPE_ENABLE_REPEAT","startTimeMs":"944000","endTimeMs":"1176000","repeatStateEntityKey":"EgxyZXBlYXRfc3RhdGUgyQIoAQ%3D%3D"}},"toggledServiceEndpoint":{"clickTrackingParams":"CGsQ85EJIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandExecutorCommand":{"commands":[{"clickTrackingParams":"CGsQ85EJIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","entityUpdateCommand":{"entityBatchUpdate":{"mutations":[{"entityKey":"EgxyZXBlYXRfc3RhdGUgyQIoAQ%3D%3D","type":"ENTITY_MUTATION_TYPE_DELETE"}]}}},{"clickTrackingParams":"CGsQ85EJIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","repeatChapterCommand":{"repeat":"REPEAT_CHAPTER_TYPE_DISABLE_REPEAT"}}]}},"trackingParams":"CGsQ85EJIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","toggledStyle":{"styleType":"STYLE_BLUE_TEXT"},"accessibilityData":{"accessibilityData":{"label":"Repeat chapter is off"}},"toggledAccessibilityData":{"accessibilityData":{"label":"Repeat chapter is on"}}}},"macroMarkerRepeatStateEntityKey":"EgxyZXBlYXRfc3RhdGUgyQIoAQ%3D%3D","endRepeatCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CGoQ0NAGGAciEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFjKAQTZF1Ah","commandExecutorCommand":{"commands":[{"clickTrackingParams":"CGoQ0NAGGAciEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFjKAQTZF1Ah","entityUpdateCommand":{"entityBatchUpdate":{"mutations":[{"entityKey":"EgxyZXBlYXRfc3RhdGUgyQIoAQ%3D%3D","type":"ENTITY_MUTATION_TYPE_DELETE"}]}}},{"clickTrackingParams":"CGoQ0NAGGAciEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFjKAQTZF1Ah","repeatChapterCommand":{"repeat":"REPEAT_CHAPTER_TYPE_DISABLE_REPEAT"}}]}},"playerStateEntityKey":"Eh8veW91dHViZS9hcHAvd2F0Y2gvcGxheWVyX3N0YXRlIMMCKAE%3D","carouselType":"MACRO_MARKERS_LIST_ITEM_RENDERER_CAROUSEL_TYPE_DEFAULT","lightColorPalette":{"section1Color":4294966269,"section2Color":4294504949,"section3Color":4294109165,"primaryTitleColor":4279832597,"secondaryTitleColor":4286534250,"section4Color":4293647845},"darkColorPalette":{"section1Color":4282324523,"section2Color":4281536803,"section3Color":4280683802,"primaryTitleColor":4294960626,"secondaryTitleColor":4291601336,"section4Color":4279830545},"timeDescriptionA11yLabel":"15 minutes, 44 seconds"}},{"macroMarkersListItemRenderer":{"title":{"simpleText":"Social media advertising"},"timeDescription":{"accessibility":{"accessibilityData":{"label":"19 minutes, 36 seconds"}},"simpleText":"19:36"},"thumbnail":{"thumbnails":[{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/ziekARBo4yg/hqdefault_1191133.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEbCKgBEF5IVfKriqkDDggBFQAAiEIYAXABwAEG\u0026rs=AOn4CLChRA4wamYcsOW56RXFvdadZHkSYA","width":168,"height":94},{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/ziekARBo4yg/hqdefault_1191133.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEcCNACELwBSFXyq4qpAw4IARUAAIhCGAFwAcABBg==\u0026rs=AOn4CLAqv_lUrDUbt73EUfzk474hRzv66Q","width":336,"height":188}],"lightColorPalette":{"section1Color":4294835199,"section2Color":4294308344,"section3Color":4293781490,"primaryTitleColor":4279570457,"secondaryTitleColor":4285683332,"section4Color":4293320171},"darkColorPalette":{"section1Color":4281276479,"section2Color":4280685363,"section3Color":4280028710,"primaryTitleColor":4294239743,"secondaryTitleColor":4290487244,"section4Color":4279437593}},"onTap":{"clickTrackingParams":"CGYQ0NAGGAgiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFjKAQTZF1Ah","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/watch?v=ziekARBo4yg\u0026t=1176s\u0026pp=0gcJCREDDuyUWbzu","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_WATCH","rootVe":3832}},"watchEndpoint":{"videoId":"ziekARBo4yg","continuePlayback":true,"startTimeSeconds":1176,"playerParams":"0gcJCREDDuyUWbzu","watchEndpointSupportedOnesieConfig":{"html5PlaybackOnesieConfig":{"commonConfig":{"url":"https://rr2---sn-fapo3ox25a-cq2l.googlevideo.com/initplayback?source=youtube\u0026oeis=1\u0026c=WEB\u0026oad=3200\u0026ovd=3200\u0026oaad=11000\u0026oavd=11000\u0026ocs=700\u0026oewis=1\u0026oputc=1\u0026ofpcc=1\u0026msp=1\u0026odepv=1\u0026id=ce27a4011068e328\u0026ip=27.34.72.167\u0026osts=1176\u0026initcwndbps=1372500\u0026mt=1777291542\u0026oweuc=\u0026pxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ\u0026rxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzMw%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNA%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNg"}}}}},"trackingParams":"CGYQ0NAGGAgiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFg=","shareButton":{"buttonRenderer":{"style":"STYLE_TEXT","icon":{"iconType":"SHARE"},"trackingParams":"CGgQjdAHIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","accessibilityData":{"accessibilityData":{"label":"Share"}},"command":{"clickTrackingParams":"CGgQjdAHIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/share/get_share_panel"}},"shareEntityServiceEndpoint":{"serializedShareEntity":"Cgt6aWVrQVJCbzR5Z2IdCJgJEhhTb2NpYWwgbWVkaWEgYWR2ZXJ0aXNpbmc%3D","commands":[{"clickTrackingParams":"CGgQjdAHIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","openPopupAction":{"popup":{"unifiedSharePanelRenderer":{"trackingParams":"CGkQjmIiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFg=","showLoadingSpinner":true}},"popupType":"DIALOG","beReused":true}}]}}}},"repeatButton":{"toggleButtonRenderer":{"style":{"styleType":"STYLE_DEFAULT_ACTIVE"},"isToggled":false,"isDisabled":false,"defaultIcon":{"iconType":"LOOP"},"defaultServiceEndpoint":{"clickTrackingParams":"CGcQ85EJIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","repeatChapterCommand":{"repeat":"REPEAT_CHAPTER_TYPE_ENABLE_REPEAT","startTimeMs":"1176000","endTimeMs":"1302000","repeatStateEntityKey":"EgxyZXBlYXRfc3RhdGUgyQIoAQ%3D%3D"}},"toggledServiceEndpoint":{"clickTrackingParams":"CGcQ85EJIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandExecutorCommand":{"commands":[{"clickTrackingParams":"CGcQ85EJIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","entityUpdateCommand":{"entityBatchUpdate":{"mutations":[{"entityKey":"EgxyZXBlYXRfc3RhdGUgyQIoAQ%3D%3D","type":"ENTITY_MUTATION_TYPE_DELETE"}]}}},{"clickTrackingParams":"CGcQ85EJIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","repeatChapterCommand":{"repeat":"REPEAT_CHAPTER_TYPE_DISABLE_REPEAT"}}]}},"trackingParams":"CGcQ85EJIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","toggledStyle":{"styleType":"STYLE_BLUE_TEXT"},"accessibilityData":{"accessibilityData":{"label":"Repeat chapter is off"}},"toggledAccessibilityData":{"accessibilityData":{"label":"Repeat chapter is on"}}}},"macroMarkerRepeatStateEntityKey":"EgxyZXBlYXRfc3RhdGUgyQIoAQ%3D%3D","endRepeatCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CGYQ0NAGGAgiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFjKAQTZF1Ah","commandExecutorCommand":{"commands":[{"clickTrackingParams":"CGYQ0NAGGAgiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFjKAQTZF1Ah","entityUpdateCommand":{"entityBatchUpdate":{"mutations":[{"entityKey":"EgxyZXBlYXRfc3RhdGUgyQIoAQ%3D%3D","type":"ENTITY_MUTATION_TYPE_DELETE"}]}}},{"clickTrackingParams":"CGYQ0NAGGAgiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFjKAQTZF1Ah","repeatChapterCommand":{"repeat":"REPEAT_CHAPTER_TYPE_DISABLE_REPEAT"}}]}},"playerStateEntityKey":"Eh8veW91dHViZS9hcHAvd2F0Y2gvcGxheWVyX3N0YXRlIMMCKAE%3D","carouselType":"MACRO_MARKERS_LIST_ITEM_RENDERER_CAROUSEL_TYPE_DEFAULT","lightColorPalette":{"section1Color":4294835199,"section2Color":4294308344,"section3Color":4293781490,"primaryTitleColor":4279570457,"secondaryTitleColor":4285683332,"section4Color":4293320171},"darkColorPalette":{"section1Color":4281276479,"section2Color":4280685363,"section3Color":4280028710,"primaryTitleColor":4294239743,"secondaryTitleColor":4290487244,"section4Color":4279437593},"timeDescriptionA11yLabel":"19 minutes, 36 seconds"}},{"macroMarkersListItemRenderer":{"title":{"simpleText":"Creator earnings"},"timeDescription":{"accessibility":{"accessibilityData":{"label":"21 minutes, 42 seconds"}},"simpleText":"21:42"},"thumbnail":{"thumbnails":[{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/ziekARBo4yg/hqdefault_1310066.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEbCKgBEF5IVfKriqkDDggBFQAAiEIYAXABwAEG\u0026rs=AOn4CLCfE3ImEo1CsR6nJUgCkHUW5RwwOQ","width":168,"height":94},{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/ziekARBo4yg/hqdefault_1310066.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEcCNACELwBSFXyq4qpAw4IARUAAIhCGAFwAcABBg==\u0026rs=AOn4CLBlq7J9gZAs96E8DGwBwOowT7DK5A","width":336,"height":188}],"lightColorPalette":{"section1Color":4294835199,"section2Color":4294308344,"section3Color":4293781490,"primaryTitleColor":4279570457,"secondaryTitleColor":4285617796,"section4Color":4293320171},"darkColorPalette":{"section1Color":4281276479,"section2Color":4280685363,"section3Color":4280028710,"primaryTitleColor":4294239743,"secondaryTitleColor":4290487244,"section4Color":4279437593}},"onTap":{"clickTrackingParams":"CGIQ0NAGGAkiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFjKAQTZF1Ah","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/watch?v=ziekARBo4yg\u0026t=1302s","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_WATCH","rootVe":3832}},"watchEndpoint":{"videoId":"ziekARBo4yg","continuePlayback":true,"startTimeSeconds":1302,"watchEndpointSupportedOnesieConfig":{"html5PlaybackOnesieConfig":{"commonConfig":{"url":"https://rr2---sn-fapo3ox25a-cq2l.googlevideo.com/initplayback?source=youtube\u0026oeis=1\u0026c=WEB\u0026oad=3200\u0026ovd=3200\u0026oaad=11000\u0026oavd=11000\u0026ocs=700\u0026oewis=1\u0026oputc=1\u0026ofpcc=1\u0026msp=1\u0026odepv=1\u0026id=ce27a4011068e328\u0026ip=27.34.72.167\u0026osts=1302\u0026initcwndbps=1372500\u0026mt=1777291542\u0026oweuc=\u0026pxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ\u0026rxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzMw%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNA%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNg"}}}}},"trackingParams":"CGIQ0NAGGAkiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFg=","shareButton":{"buttonRenderer":{"style":"STYLE_TEXT","icon":{"iconType":"SHARE"},"trackingParams":"CGQQjdAHIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","accessibilityData":{"accessibilityData":{"label":"Share"}},"command":{"clickTrackingParams":"CGQQjdAHIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/share/get_share_panel"}},"shareEntityServiceEndpoint":{"serializedShareEntity":"Cgt6aWVrQVJCbzR5Z2IVCJYKEhBDcmVhdG9yIGVhcm5pbmdz","commands":[{"clickTrackingParams":"CGQQjdAHIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","openPopupAction":{"popup":{"unifiedSharePanelRenderer":{"trackingParams":"CGUQjmIiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFg=","showLoadingSpinner":true}},"popupType":"DIALOG","beReused":true}}]}}}},"repeatButton":{"toggleButtonRenderer":{"style":{"styleType":"STYLE_DEFAULT_ACTIVE"},"isToggled":false,"isDisabled":false,"defaultIcon":{"iconType":"LOOP"},"defaultServiceEndpoint":{"clickTrackingParams":"CGMQ85EJIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","repeatChapterCommand":{"repeat":"REPEAT_CHAPTER_TYPE_ENABLE_REPEAT","startTimeMs":"1302000","endTimeMs":"1580000","repeatStateEntityKey":"EgxyZXBlYXRfc3RhdGUgyQIoAQ%3D%3D"}},"toggledServiceEndpoint":{"clickTrackingParams":"CGMQ85EJIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandExecutorCommand":{"commands":[{"clickTrackingParams":"CGMQ85EJIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","entityUpdateCommand":{"entityBatchUpdate":{"mutations":[{"entityKey":"EgxyZXBlYXRfc3RhdGUgyQIoAQ%3D%3D","type":"ENTITY_MUTATION_TYPE_DELETE"}]}}},{"clickTrackingParams":"CGMQ85EJIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","repeatChapterCommand":{"repeat":"REPEAT_CHAPTER_TYPE_DISABLE_REPEAT"}}]}},"trackingParams":"CGMQ85EJIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","toggledStyle":{"styleType":"STYLE_BLUE_TEXT"},"accessibilityData":{"accessibilityData":{"label":"Repeat chapter is off"}},"toggledAccessibilityData":{"accessibilityData":{"label":"Repeat chapter is on"}}}},"macroMarkerRepeatStateEntityKey":"EgxyZXBlYXRfc3RhdGUgyQIoAQ%3D%3D","endRepeatCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CGIQ0NAGGAkiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFjKAQTZF1Ah","commandExecutorCommand":{"commands":[{"clickTrackingParams":"CGIQ0NAGGAkiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFjKAQTZF1Ah","entityUpdateCommand":{"entityBatchUpdate":{"mutations":[{"entityKey":"EgxyZXBlYXRfc3RhdGUgyQIoAQ%3D%3D","type":"ENTITY_MUTATION_TYPE_DELETE"}]}}},{"clickTrackingParams":"CGIQ0NAGGAkiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFjKAQTZF1Ah","repeatChapterCommand":{"repeat":"REPEAT_CHAPTER_TYPE_DISABLE_REPEAT"}}]}},"playerStateEntityKey":"Eh8veW91dHViZS9hcHAvd2F0Y2gvcGxheWVyX3N0YXRlIMMCKAE%3D","carouselType":"MACRO_MARKERS_LIST_ITEM_RENDERER_CAROUSEL_TYPE_DEFAULT","lightColorPalette":{"section1Color":4294835199,"section2Color":4294308344,"section3Color":4293781490,"primaryTitleColor":4279570457,"secondaryTitleColor":4285617796,"section4Color":4293320171},"darkColorPalette":{"section1Color":4281276479,"section2Color":4280685363,"section3Color":4280028710,"primaryTitleColor":4294239743,"secondaryTitleColor":4290487244,"section4Color":4279437593},"timeDescriptionA11yLabel":"21 minutes, 42 seconds"}},{"macroMarkersListItemRenderer":{"title":{"simpleText":"Social media brand discovery"},"timeDescription":{"accessibility":{"accessibilityData":{"label":"26 minutes, 20 seconds"}},"simpleText":"26:20"},"thumbnail":{"thumbnails":[{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/ziekARBo4yg/hqdefault_1592166.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEbCKgBEF5IVfKriqkDDggBFQAAiEIYAXABwAEG\u0026rs=AOn4CLDyiYPlphX632WnX9IYZQecRG_bVA","width":168,"height":94},{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/ziekARBo4yg/hqdefault_1592166.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEcCNACELwBSFXyq4qpAw4IARUAAIhCGAFwAcABBg==\u0026rs=AOn4CLAHDUZfsznE3Fkw8uW7wn8ckHQi0A","width":336,"height":188}],"lightColorPalette":{"section1Color":4294835199,"section2Color":4294308344,"section3Color":4293781490,"primaryTitleColor":4279570457,"secondaryTitleColor":4285617796,"section4Color":4293320171},"darkColorPalette":{"section1Color":4281276223,"section2Color":4280685363,"section3Color":4280028710,"primaryTitleColor":4294239743,"secondaryTitleColor":4290487244,"section4Color":4279437593}},"onTap":{"clickTrackingParams":"CF4Q0NAGGAoiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFjKAQTZF1Ah","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/watch?v=ziekARBo4yg\u0026t=1580s","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_WATCH","rootVe":3832}},"watchEndpoint":{"videoId":"ziekARBo4yg","continuePlayback":true,"startTimeSeconds":1580,"watchEndpointSupportedOnesieConfig":{"html5PlaybackOnesieConfig":{"commonConfig":{"url":"https://rr2---sn-fapo3ox25a-cq2l.googlevideo.com/initplayback?source=youtube\u0026oeis=1\u0026c=WEB\u0026oad=3200\u0026ovd=3200\u0026oaad=11000\u0026oavd=11000\u0026ocs=700\u0026oewis=1\u0026oputc=1\u0026ofpcc=1\u0026msp=1\u0026odepv=1\u0026id=ce27a4011068e328\u0026ip=27.34.72.167\u0026osts=1580\u0026initcwndbps=1372500\u0026mt=1777291542\u0026oweuc=\u0026pxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ\u0026rxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzMw%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNA%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNg"}}}}},"trackingParams":"CF4Q0NAGGAoiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFg=","shareButton":{"buttonRenderer":{"style":"STYLE_TEXT","icon":{"iconType":"SHARE"},"trackingParams":"CGAQjdAHIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","accessibilityData":{"accessibilityData":{"label":"Share"}},"command":{"clickTrackingParams":"CGAQjdAHIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/share/get_share_panel"}},"shareEntityServiceEndpoint":{"serializedShareEntity":"Cgt6aWVrQVJCbzR5Z2IhCKwMEhxTb2NpYWwgbWVkaWEgYnJhbmQgZGlzY292ZXJ5","commands":[{"clickTrackingParams":"CGAQjdAHIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","openPopupAction":{"popup":{"unifiedSharePanelRenderer":{"trackingParams":"CGEQjmIiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFg=","showLoadingSpinner":true}},"popupType":"DIALOG","beReused":true}}]}}}},"repeatButton":{"toggleButtonRenderer":{"style":{"styleType":"STYLE_DEFAULT_ACTIVE"},"isToggled":false,"isDisabled":false,"defaultIcon":{"iconType":"LOOP"},"defaultServiceEndpoint":{"clickTrackingParams":"CF8Q85EJIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","repeatChapterCommand":{"repeat":"REPEAT_CHAPTER_TYPE_ENABLE_REPEAT","startTimeMs":"1580000","endTimeMs":"1890000","repeatStateEntityKey":"EgxyZXBlYXRfc3RhdGUgyQIoAQ%3D%3D"}},"toggledServiceEndpoint":{"clickTrackingParams":"CF8Q85EJIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandExecutorCommand":{"commands":[{"clickTrackingParams":"CF8Q85EJIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","entityUpdateCommand":{"entityBatchUpdate":{"mutations":[{"entityKey":"EgxyZXBlYXRfc3RhdGUgyQIoAQ%3D%3D","type":"ENTITY_MUTATION_TYPE_DELETE"}]}}},{"clickTrackingParams":"CF8Q85EJIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","repeatChapterCommand":{"repeat":"REPEAT_CHAPTER_TYPE_DISABLE_REPEAT"}}]}},"trackingParams":"CF8Q85EJIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","toggledStyle":{"styleType":"STYLE_BLUE_TEXT"},"accessibilityData":{"accessibilityData":{"label":"Repeat chapter is off"}},"toggledAccessibilityData":{"accessibilityData":{"label":"Repeat chapter is on"}}}},"macroMarkerRepeatStateEntityKey":"EgxyZXBlYXRfc3RhdGUgyQIoAQ%3D%3D","endRepeatCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CF4Q0NAGGAoiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFjKAQTZF1Ah","commandExecutorCommand":{"commands":[{"clickTrackingParams":"CF4Q0NAGGAoiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFjKAQTZF1Ah","entityUpdateCommand":{"entityBatchUpdate":{"mutations":[{"entityKey":"EgxyZXBlYXRfc3RhdGUgyQIoAQ%3D%3D","type":"ENTITY_MUTATION_TYPE_DELETE"}]}}},{"clickTrackingParams":"CF4Q0NAGGAoiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFjKAQTZF1Ah","repeatChapterCommand":{"repeat":"REPEAT_CHAPTER_TYPE_DISABLE_REPEAT"}}]}},"playerStateEntityKey":"Eh8veW91dHViZS9hcHAvd2F0Y2gvcGxheWVyX3N0YXRlIMMCKAE%3D","carouselType":"MACRO_MARKERS_LIST_ITEM_RENDERER_CAROUSEL_TYPE_DEFAULT","lightColorPalette":{"section1Color":4294835199,"section2Color":4294308344,"section3Color":4293781490,"primaryTitleColor":4279570457,"secondaryTitleColor":4285617796,"section4Color":4293320171},"darkColorPalette":{"section1Color":4281276223,"section2Color":4280685363,"section3Color":4280028710,"primaryTitleColor":4294239743,"secondaryTitleColor":4290487244,"section4Color":4279437593},"timeDescriptionA11yLabel":"26 minutes, 20 seconds"}},{"macroMarkersListItemRenderer":{"title":{"simpleText":"Videos and Reels"},"timeDescription":{"accessibility":{"accessibilityData":{"label":"31 minutes, 30 seconds"}},"simpleText":"31:30"},"thumbnail":{"thumbnails":[{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/ziekARBo4yg/hqdefault_1897133.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEbCKgBEF5IVfKriqkDDggBFQAAiEIYAXABwAEG\u0026rs=AOn4CLASi4FBTNwa5jKnw19G37qG7QmzBw","width":168,"height":94},{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/ziekARBo4yg/hqdefault_1897133.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEcCNACELwBSFXyq4qpAw4IARUAAIhCGAFwAcABBg==\u0026rs=AOn4CLBScx4uv3wQU9sYo-aBWKlKPFZhEg","width":336,"height":188}],"lightColorPalette":{"section1Color":4294966269,"section2Color":4294504950,"section3Color":4294109166,"primaryTitleColor":4279832598,"secondaryTitleColor":4286534256,"section4Color":4293647847},"darkColorPalette":{"section1Color":4282321197,"section2Color":4281534244,"section3Color":4280681755,"primaryTitleColor":4294960630,"secondaryTitleColor":4291601342,"section4Color":4279829266}},"onTap":{"clickTrackingParams":"CFoQ0NAGGAsiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFjKAQTZF1Ah","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/watch?v=ziekARBo4yg\u0026t=1890s","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_WATCH","rootVe":3832}},"watchEndpoint":{"videoId":"ziekARBo4yg","continuePlayback":true,"startTimeSeconds":1890,"watchEndpointSupportedOnesieConfig":{"html5PlaybackOnesieConfig":{"commonConfig":{"url":"https://rr2---sn-fapo3ox25a-cq2l.googlevideo.com/initplayback?source=youtube\u0026oeis=1\u0026c=WEB\u0026oad=3200\u0026ovd=3200\u0026oaad=11000\u0026oavd=11000\u0026ocs=700\u0026oewis=1\u0026oputc=1\u0026ofpcc=1\u0026msp=1\u0026odepv=1\u0026id=ce27a4011068e328\u0026ip=27.34.72.167\u0026osts=1890\u0026initcwndbps=1372500\u0026mt=1777291542\u0026oweuc=\u0026pxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ\u0026rxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzMw%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNA%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNg"}}}}},"trackingParams":"CFoQ0NAGGAsiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFg=","shareButton":{"buttonRenderer":{"style":"STYLE_TEXT","icon":{"iconType":"SHARE"},"trackingParams":"CFwQjdAHIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","accessibilityData":{"accessibilityData":{"label":"Share"}},"command":{"clickTrackingParams":"CFwQjdAHIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/share/get_share_panel"}},"shareEntityServiceEndpoint":{"serializedShareEntity":"Cgt6aWVrQVJCbzR5Z2IVCOIOEhBWaWRlb3MgYW5kIFJlZWxz","commands":[{"clickTrackingParams":"CFwQjdAHIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","openPopupAction":{"popup":{"unifiedSharePanelRenderer":{"trackingParams":"CF0QjmIiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFg=","showLoadingSpinner":true}},"popupType":"DIALOG","beReused":true}}]}}}},"repeatButton":{"toggleButtonRenderer":{"style":{"styleType":"STYLE_DEFAULT_ACTIVE"},"isToggled":false,"isDisabled":false,"defaultIcon":{"iconType":"LOOP"},"defaultServiceEndpoint":{"clickTrackingParams":"CFsQ85EJIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","repeatChapterCommand":{"repeat":"REPEAT_CHAPTER_TYPE_ENABLE_REPEAT","startTimeMs":"1890000","endTimeMs":"2090000","repeatStateEntityKey":"EgxyZXBlYXRfc3RhdGUgyQIoAQ%3D%3D"}},"toggledServiceEndpoint":{"clickTrackingParams":"CFsQ85EJIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandExecutorCommand":{"commands":[{"clickTrackingParams":"CFsQ85EJIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","entityUpdateCommand":{"entityBatchUpdate":{"mutations":[{"entityKey":"EgxyZXBlYXRfc3RhdGUgyQIoAQ%3D%3D","type":"ENTITY_MUTATION_TYPE_DELETE"}]}}},{"clickTrackingParams":"CFsQ85EJIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","repeatChapterCommand":{"repeat":"REPEAT_CHAPTER_TYPE_DISABLE_REPEAT"}}]}},"trackingParams":"CFsQ85EJIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","toggledStyle":{"styleType":"STYLE_BLUE_TEXT"},"accessibilityData":{"accessibilityData":{"label":"Repeat chapter is off"}},"toggledAccessibilityData":{"accessibilityData":{"label":"Repeat chapter is on"}}}},"macroMarkerRepeatStateEntityKey":"EgxyZXBlYXRfc3RhdGUgyQIoAQ%3D%3D","endRepeatCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CFoQ0NAGGAsiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFjKAQTZF1Ah","commandExecutorCommand":{"commands":[{"clickTrackingParams":"CFoQ0NAGGAsiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFjKAQTZF1Ah","entityUpdateCommand":{"entityBatchUpdate":{"mutations":[{"entityKey":"EgxyZXBlYXRfc3RhdGUgyQIoAQ%3D%3D","type":"ENTITY_MUTATION_TYPE_DELETE"}]}}},{"clickTrackingParams":"CFoQ0NAGGAsiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFjKAQTZF1Ah","repeatChapterCommand":{"repeat":"REPEAT_CHAPTER_TYPE_DISABLE_REPEAT"}}]}},"playerStateEntityKey":"Eh8veW91dHViZS9hcHAvd2F0Y2gvcGxheWVyX3N0YXRlIMMCKAE%3D","carouselType":"MACRO_MARKERS_LIST_ITEM_RENDERER_CAROUSEL_TYPE_DEFAULT","lightColorPalette":{"section1Color":4294966269,"section2Color":4294504950,"section3Color":4294109166,"primaryTitleColor":4279832598,"secondaryTitleColor":4286534256,"section4Color":4293647847},"darkColorPalette":{"section1Color":4282321197,"section2Color":4281534244,"section3Color":4280681755,"primaryTitleColor":4294960630,"secondaryTitleColor":4291601342,"section4Color":4279829266},"timeDescriptionA11yLabel":"31 minutes, 30 seconds"}},{"macroMarkersListItemRenderer":{"title":{"simpleText":"Templates for IG reels"},"timeDescription":{"accessibility":{"accessibilityData":{"label":"34 minutes, 50 seconds"}},"simpleText":"34:50"},"thumbnail":{"thumbnails":[{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/ziekARBo4yg/hqdefault_2093100.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEbCKgBEF5IVfKriqkDDggBFQAAiEIYAXABwAEG\u0026rs=AOn4CLDhW5PUQ1Q0HUHwuMmECoo5W8X7GA","width":168,"height":94},{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/ziekARBo4yg/hqdefault_2093100.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEcCNACELwBSFXyq4qpAw4IARUAAIhCGAFwAcABBg==\u0026rs=AOn4CLCyrpPfzjYGD5R-00q-AVFAxjFVEA","width":336,"height":188}],"lightColorPalette":{"section1Color":4294967295,"section2Color":4294440951,"section3Color":4293914607,"primaryTitleColor":4279834905,"secondaryTitleColor":4284835173,"section4Color":4293454056},"darkColorPalette":{"section1Color":4282335039,"section2Color":4281545523,"section3Color":4280690214,"primaryTitleColor":4294967295,"secondaryTitleColor":4291611852,"section4Color":4279834905}},"onTap":{"clickTrackingParams":"CFYQ0NAGGAwiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFjKAQTZF1Ah","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/watch?v=ziekARBo4yg\u0026t=2090s","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_WATCH","rootVe":3832}},"watchEndpoint":{"videoId":"ziekARBo4yg","continuePlayback":true,"startTimeSeconds":2090,"watchEndpointSupportedOnesieConfig":{"html5PlaybackOnesieConfig":{"commonConfig":{"url":"https://rr2---sn-fapo3ox25a-cq2l.googlevideo.com/initplayback?source=youtube\u0026oeis=1\u0026c=WEB\u0026oad=3200\u0026ovd=3200\u0026oaad=11000\u0026oavd=11000\u0026ocs=700\u0026oewis=1\u0026oputc=1\u0026ofpcc=1\u0026msp=1\u0026odepv=1\u0026id=ce27a4011068e328\u0026ip=27.34.72.167\u0026osts=2090\u0026initcwndbps=1372500\u0026mt=1777291542\u0026oweuc=\u0026pxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ\u0026rxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzMw%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNA%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNg"}}}}},"trackingParams":"CFYQ0NAGGAwiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFg=","shareButton":{"buttonRenderer":{"style":"STYLE_TEXT","icon":{"iconType":"SHARE"},"trackingParams":"CFgQjdAHIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","accessibilityData":{"accessibilityData":{"label":"Share"}},"command":{"clickTrackingParams":"CFgQjdAHIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/share/get_share_panel"}},"shareEntityServiceEndpoint":{"serializedShareEntity":"Cgt6aWVrQVJCbzR5Z2IbCKoQEhZUZW1wbGF0ZXMgZm9yIElHIHJlZWxz","commands":[{"clickTrackingParams":"CFgQjdAHIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","openPopupAction":{"popup":{"unifiedSharePanelRenderer":{"trackingParams":"CFkQjmIiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFg=","showLoadingSpinner":true}},"popupType":"DIALOG","beReused":true}}]}}}},"repeatButton":{"toggleButtonRenderer":{"style":{"styleType":"STYLE_DEFAULT_ACTIVE"},"isToggled":false,"isDisabled":false,"defaultIcon":{"iconType":"LOOP"},"defaultServiceEndpoint":{"clickTrackingParams":"CFcQ85EJIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","repeatChapterCommand":{"repeat":"REPEAT_CHAPTER_TYPE_ENABLE_REPEAT","startTimeMs":"2090000","endTimeMs":"2205000","repeatStateEntityKey":"EgxyZXBlYXRfc3RhdGUgyQIoAQ%3D%3D"}},"toggledServiceEndpoint":{"clickTrackingParams":"CFcQ85EJIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandExecutorCommand":{"commands":[{"clickTrackingParams":"CFcQ85EJIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","entityUpdateCommand":{"entityBatchUpdate":{"mutations":[{"entityKey":"EgxyZXBlYXRfc3RhdGUgyQIoAQ%3D%3D","type":"ENTITY_MUTATION_TYPE_DELETE"}]}}},{"clickTrackingParams":"CFcQ85EJIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","repeatChapterCommand":{"repeat":"REPEAT_CHAPTER_TYPE_DISABLE_REPEAT"}}]}},"trackingParams":"CFcQ85EJIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","toggledStyle":{"styleType":"STYLE_BLUE_TEXT"},"accessibilityData":{"accessibilityData":{"label":"Repeat chapter is off"}},"toggledAccessibilityData":{"accessibilityData":{"label":"Repeat chapter is on"}}}},"macroMarkerRepeatStateEntityKey":"EgxyZXBlYXRfc3RhdGUgyQIoAQ%3D%3D","endRepeatCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CFYQ0NAGGAwiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFjKAQTZF1Ah","commandExecutorCommand":{"commands":[{"clickTrackingParams":"CFYQ0NAGGAwiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFjKAQTZF1Ah","entityUpdateCommand":{"entityBatchUpdate":{"mutations":[{"entityKey":"EgxyZXBlYXRfc3RhdGUgyQIoAQ%3D%3D","type":"ENTITY_MUTATION_TYPE_DELETE"}]}}},{"clickTrackingParams":"CFYQ0NAGGAwiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFjKAQTZF1Ah","repeatChapterCommand":{"repeat":"REPEAT_CHAPTER_TYPE_DISABLE_REPEAT"}}]}},"playerStateEntityKey":"Eh8veW91dHViZS9hcHAvd2F0Y2gvcGxheWVyX3N0YXRlIMMCKAE%3D","carouselType":"MACRO_MARKERS_LIST_ITEM_RENDERER_CAROUSEL_TYPE_DEFAULT","lightColorPalette":{"section1Color":4294967295,"section2Color":4294440951,"section3Color":4293914607,"primaryTitleColor":4279834905,"secondaryTitleColor":4284835173,"section4Color":4293454056},"darkColorPalette":{"section1Color":4282335039,"section2Color":4281545523,"section3Color":4280690214,"primaryTitleColor":4294967295,"secondaryTitleColor":4291611852,"section4Color":4279834905},"timeDescriptionA11yLabel":"34 minutes, 50 seconds"}},{"macroMarkersListItemRenderer":{"title":{"simpleText":"IG dual mode"},"timeDescription":{"accessibility":{"accessibilityData":{"label":"36 minutes, 45 seconds"}},"simpleText":"36:45"},"thumbnail":{"thumbnails":[{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/ziekARBo4yg/hqdefault_2223966.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEbCKgBEF5IVfKriqkDDggBFQAAiEIYAXABwAEG\u0026rs=AOn4CLDIgJAE_Gwr1qKE2VnfG-uvqwvLmg","width":168,"height":94},{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/ziekARBo4yg/hqdefault_2223966.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEcCNACELwBSFXyq4qpAw4IARUAAIhCGAFwAcABBg==\u0026rs=AOn4CLDu-AKY1UDkK8M7IxDmF5I1w2ACsQ","width":336,"height":188}],"lightColorPalette":{"section1Color":4294835199,"section2Color":4294308344,"section3Color":4293781490,"primaryTitleColor":4279570457,"secondaryTitleColor":4285617796,"section4Color":4293320171},"darkColorPalette":{"section1Color":4281276223,"section2Color":4280619571,"section3Color":4280028710,"primaryTitleColor":4294239743,"secondaryTitleColor":4290487244,"section4Color":4279372057}},"onTap":{"clickTrackingParams":"CFIQ0NAGGA0iEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFjKAQTZF1Ah","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/watch?v=ziekARBo4yg\u0026t=2205s","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_WATCH","rootVe":3832}},"watchEndpoint":{"videoId":"ziekARBo4yg","continuePlayback":true,"startTimeSeconds":2205,"watchEndpointSupportedOnesieConfig":{"html5PlaybackOnesieConfig":{"commonConfig":{"url":"https://rr2---sn-fapo3ox25a-cq2l.googlevideo.com/initplayback?source=youtube\u0026oeis=1\u0026c=WEB\u0026oad=3200\u0026ovd=3200\u0026oaad=11000\u0026oavd=11000\u0026ocs=700\u0026oewis=1\u0026oputc=1\u0026ofpcc=1\u0026msp=1\u0026odepv=1\u0026id=ce27a4011068e328\u0026ip=27.34.72.167\u0026osts=2205\u0026initcwndbps=1372500\u0026mt=1777291542\u0026oweuc=\u0026pxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ\u0026rxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzMw%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNA%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNg"}}}}},"trackingParams":"CFIQ0NAGGA0iEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFg=","shareButton":{"buttonRenderer":{"style":"STYLE_TEXT","icon":{"iconType":"SHARE"},"trackingParams":"CFQQjdAHIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","accessibilityData":{"accessibilityData":{"label":"Share"}},"command":{"clickTrackingParams":"CFQQjdAHIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/share/get_share_panel"}},"shareEntityServiceEndpoint":{"serializedShareEntity":"Cgt6aWVrQVJCbzR5Z2IRCJ0REgxJRyBkdWFsIG1vZGU%3D","commands":[{"clickTrackingParams":"CFQQjdAHIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","openPopupAction":{"popup":{"unifiedSharePanelRenderer":{"trackingParams":"CFUQjmIiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFg=","showLoadingSpinner":true}},"popupType":"DIALOG","beReused":true}}]}}}},"repeatButton":{"toggleButtonRenderer":{"style":{"styleType":"STYLE_DEFAULT_ACTIVE"},"isToggled":false,"isDisabled":false,"defaultIcon":{"iconType":"LOOP"},"defaultServiceEndpoint":{"clickTrackingParams":"CFMQ85EJIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","repeatChapterCommand":{"repeat":"REPEAT_CHAPTER_TYPE_ENABLE_REPEAT","startTimeMs":"2205000","endTimeMs":"2405000","repeatStateEntityKey":"EgxyZXBlYXRfc3RhdGUgyQIoAQ%3D%3D"}},"toggledServiceEndpoint":{"clickTrackingParams":"CFMQ85EJIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandExecutorCommand":{"commands":[{"clickTrackingParams":"CFMQ85EJIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","entityUpdateCommand":{"entityBatchUpdate":{"mutations":[{"entityKey":"EgxyZXBlYXRfc3RhdGUgyQIoAQ%3D%3D","type":"ENTITY_MUTATION_TYPE_DELETE"}]}}},{"clickTrackingParams":"CFMQ85EJIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","repeatChapterCommand":{"repeat":"REPEAT_CHAPTER_TYPE_DISABLE_REPEAT"}}]}},"trackingParams":"CFMQ85EJIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","toggledStyle":{"styleType":"STYLE_BLUE_TEXT"},"accessibilityData":{"accessibilityData":{"label":"Repeat chapter is off"}},"toggledAccessibilityData":{"accessibilityData":{"label":"Repeat chapter is on"}}}},"macroMarkerRepeatStateEntityKey":"EgxyZXBlYXRfc3RhdGUgyQIoAQ%3D%3D","endRepeatCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CFIQ0NAGGA0iEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFjKAQTZF1Ah","commandExecutorCommand":{"commands":[{"clickTrackingParams":"CFIQ0NAGGA0iEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFjKAQTZF1Ah","entityUpdateCommand":{"entityBatchUpdate":{"mutations":[{"entityKey":"EgxyZXBlYXRfc3RhdGUgyQIoAQ%3D%3D","type":"ENTITY_MUTATION_TYPE_DELETE"}]}}},{"clickTrackingParams":"CFIQ0NAGGA0iEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFjKAQTZF1Ah","repeatChapterCommand":{"repeat":"REPEAT_CHAPTER_TYPE_DISABLE_REPEAT"}}]}},"playerStateEntityKey":"Eh8veW91dHViZS9hcHAvd2F0Y2gvcGxheWVyX3N0YXRlIMMCKAE%3D","carouselType":"MACRO_MARKERS_LIST_ITEM_RENDERER_CAROUSEL_TYPE_DEFAULT","lightColorPalette":{"section1Color":4294835199,"section2Color":4294308344,"section3Color":4293781490,"primaryTitleColor":4279570457,"secondaryTitleColor":4285617796,"section4Color":4293320171},"darkColorPalette":{"section1Color":4281276223,"section2Color":4280619571,"section3Color":4280028710,"primaryTitleColor":4294239743,"secondaryTitleColor":4290487244,"section4Color":4279372057},"timeDescriptionA11yLabel":"36 minutes, 45 seconds"}},{"macroMarkersListItemRenderer":{"title":{"simpleText":"Instagram Reels boosting"},"timeDescription":{"accessibility":{"accessibilityData":{"label":"40 minutes, 5 seconds"}},"simpleText":"40:05"},"thumbnail":{"thumbnails":[{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/ziekARBo4yg/hqdefault_2405033.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEbCKgBEF5IVfKriqkDDggBFQAAiEIYAXABwAEG\u0026rs=AOn4CLBm6K7qHK_c9eCB3xDmfqWNfbVTIg","width":168,"height":94},{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/ziekARBo4yg/hqdefault_2405033.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEcCNACELwBSFXyq4qpAw4IARUAAIhCGAFwAcABBg==\u0026rs=AOn4CLDaC62LRUq-sQtBK89KUA3fh4uaBw","width":336,"height":188}],"lightColorPalette":{"section1Color":4294835199,"section2Color":4294308344,"section3Color":4293781490,"primaryTitleColor":4279570457,"secondaryTitleColor":4285617796,"section4Color":4293320171},"darkColorPalette":{"section1Color":4281276223,"section2Color":4280619827,"section3Color":4280028710,"primaryTitleColor":4294239743,"secondaryTitleColor":4290487244,"section4Color":4279372057}},"onTap":{"clickTrackingParams":"CE4Q0NAGGA4iEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFjKAQTZF1Ah","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/watch?v=ziekARBo4yg\u0026t=2405s","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_WATCH","rootVe":3832}},"watchEndpoint":{"videoId":"ziekARBo4yg","continuePlayback":true,"startTimeSeconds":2405,"watchEndpointSupportedOnesieConfig":{"html5PlaybackOnesieConfig":{"commonConfig":{"url":"https://rr2---sn-fapo3ox25a-cq2l.googlevideo.com/initplayback?source=youtube\u0026oeis=1\u0026c=WEB\u0026oad=3200\u0026ovd=3200\u0026oaad=11000\u0026oavd=11000\u0026ocs=700\u0026oewis=1\u0026oputc=1\u0026ofpcc=1\u0026msp=1\u0026odepv=1\u0026id=ce27a4011068e328\u0026ip=27.34.72.167\u0026osts=2405\u0026initcwndbps=1372500\u0026mt=1777291542\u0026oweuc=\u0026pxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ\u0026rxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzMw%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNA%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNg"}}}}},"trackingParams":"CE4Q0NAGGA4iEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFg=","shareButton":{"buttonRenderer":{"style":"STYLE_TEXT","icon":{"iconType":"SHARE"},"trackingParams":"CFAQjdAHIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","accessibilityData":{"accessibilityData":{"label":"Share"}},"command":{"clickTrackingParams":"CFAQjdAHIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/share/get_share_panel"}},"shareEntityServiceEndpoint":{"serializedShareEntity":"Cgt6aWVrQVJCbzR5Z2IdCOUSEhhJbnN0YWdyYW0gUmVlbHMgYm9vc3Rpbmc%3D","commands":[{"clickTrackingParams":"CFAQjdAHIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","openPopupAction":{"popup":{"unifiedSharePanelRenderer":{"trackingParams":"CFEQjmIiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFg=","showLoadingSpinner":true}},"popupType":"DIALOG","beReused":true}}]}}}},"repeatButton":{"toggleButtonRenderer":{"style":{"styleType":"STYLE_DEFAULT_ACTIVE"},"isToggled":false,"isDisabled":false,"defaultIcon":{"iconType":"LOOP"},"defaultServiceEndpoint":{"clickTrackingParams":"CE8Q85EJIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","repeatChapterCommand":{"repeat":"REPEAT_CHAPTER_TYPE_ENABLE_REPEAT","startTimeMs":"2405000","endTimeMs":"2555000","repeatStateEntityKey":"EgxyZXBlYXRfc3RhdGUgyQIoAQ%3D%3D"}},"toggledServiceEndpoint":{"clickTrackingParams":"CE8Q85EJIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandExecutorCommand":{"commands":[{"clickTrackingParams":"CE8Q85EJIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","entityUpdateCommand":{"entityBatchUpdate":{"mutations":[{"entityKey":"EgxyZXBlYXRfc3RhdGUgyQIoAQ%3D%3D","type":"ENTITY_MUTATION_TYPE_DELETE"}]}}},{"clickTrackingParams":"CE8Q85EJIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","repeatChapterCommand":{"repeat":"REPEAT_CHAPTER_TYPE_DISABLE_REPEAT"}}]}},"trackingParams":"CE8Q85EJIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","toggledStyle":{"styleType":"STYLE_BLUE_TEXT"},"accessibilityData":{"accessibilityData":{"label":"Repeat chapter is off"}},"toggledAccessibilityData":{"accessibilityData":{"label":"Repeat chapter is on"}}}},"macroMarkerRepeatStateEntityKey":"EgxyZXBlYXRfc3RhdGUgyQIoAQ%3D%3D","endRepeatCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CE4Q0NAGGA4iEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFjKAQTZF1Ah","commandExecutorCommand":{"commands":[{"clickTrackingParams":"CE4Q0NAGGA4iEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFjKAQTZF1Ah","entityUpdateCommand":{"entityBatchUpdate":{"mutations":[{"entityKey":"EgxyZXBlYXRfc3RhdGUgyQIoAQ%3D%3D","type":"ENTITY_MUTATION_TYPE_DELETE"}]}}},{"clickTrackingParams":"CE4Q0NAGGA4iEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFjKAQTZF1Ah","repeatChapterCommand":{"repeat":"REPEAT_CHAPTER_TYPE_DISABLE_REPEAT"}}]}},"playerStateEntityKey":"Eh8veW91dHViZS9hcHAvd2F0Y2gvcGxheWVyX3N0YXRlIMMCKAE%3D","carouselType":"MACRO_MARKERS_LIST_ITEM_RENDERER_CAROUSEL_TYPE_DEFAULT","lightColorPalette":{"section1Color":4294835199,"section2Color":4294308344,"section3Color":4293781490,"primaryTitleColor":4279570457,"secondaryTitleColor":4285617796,"section4Color":4293320171},"darkColorPalette":{"section1Color":4281276223,"section2Color":4280619827,"section3Color":4280028710,"primaryTitleColor":4294239743,"secondaryTitleColor":4290487244,"section4Color":4279372057},"timeDescriptionA11yLabel":"40 minutes, 5 seconds"}},{"macroMarkersListItemRenderer":{"title":{"simpleText":"Instagram creator marketplace"},"timeDescription":{"accessibility":{"accessibilityData":{"label":"42 minutes, 35 seconds"}},"simpleText":"42:35"},"thumbnail":{"thumbnails":[{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/ziekARBo4yg/hqdefault_2584966.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEbCKgBEF5IVfKriqkDDggBFQAAiEIYAXABwAEG\u0026rs=AOn4CLAzNLNH-IhP4wUYU6rvTUTaQM4qWg","width":168,"height":94},{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/ziekARBo4yg/hqdefault_2584966.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEcCNACELwBSFXyq4qpAw4IARUAAIhCGAFwAcABBg==\u0026rs=AOn4CLCVjNhzm0L-gccAjktaXarUsVHylQ","width":336,"height":188}],"lightColorPalette":{"section1Color":4294967295,"section2Color":4294440951,"section3Color":4293914607,"primaryTitleColor":4279834905,"secondaryTitleColor":4284835173,"section4Color":4293454056},"darkColorPalette":{"section1Color":4282335039,"section2Color":4281545523,"section3Color":4280690214,"primaryTitleColor":4294967295,"secondaryTitleColor":4291611852,"section4Color":4279834905}},"onTap":{"clickTrackingParams":"CEoQ0NAGGA8iEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFjKAQTZF1Ah","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/watch?v=ziekARBo4yg\u0026t=2555s","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_WATCH","rootVe":3832}},"watchEndpoint":{"videoId":"ziekARBo4yg","continuePlayback":true,"startTimeSeconds":2555,"watchEndpointSupportedOnesieConfig":{"html5PlaybackOnesieConfig":{"commonConfig":{"url":"https://rr2---sn-fapo3ox25a-cq2l.googlevideo.com/initplayback?source=youtube\u0026oeis=1\u0026c=WEB\u0026oad=3200\u0026ovd=3200\u0026oaad=11000\u0026oavd=11000\u0026ocs=700\u0026oewis=1\u0026oputc=1\u0026ofpcc=1\u0026msp=1\u0026odepv=1\u0026id=ce27a4011068e328\u0026ip=27.34.72.167\u0026osts=2555\u0026initcwndbps=1372500\u0026mt=1777291542\u0026oweuc=\u0026pxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ\u0026rxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzMw%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNA%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNg"}}}}},"trackingParams":"CEoQ0NAGGA8iEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFg=","shareButton":{"buttonRenderer":{"style":"STYLE_TEXT","icon":{"iconType":"SHARE"},"trackingParams":"CEwQjdAHIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","accessibilityData":{"accessibilityData":{"label":"Share"}},"command":{"clickTrackingParams":"CEwQjdAHIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/share/get_share_panel"}},"shareEntityServiceEndpoint":{"serializedShareEntity":"Cgt6aWVrQVJCbzR5Z2IiCPsTEh1JbnN0YWdyYW0gY3JlYXRvciBtYXJrZXRwbGFjZQ%3D%3D","commands":[{"clickTrackingParams":"CEwQjdAHIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","openPopupAction":{"popup":{"unifiedSharePanelRenderer":{"trackingParams":"CE0QjmIiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFg=","showLoadingSpinner":true}},"popupType":"DIALOG","beReused":true}}]}}}},"repeatButton":{"toggleButtonRenderer":{"style":{"styleType":"STYLE_DEFAULT_ACTIVE"},"isToggled":false,"isDisabled":false,"defaultIcon":{"iconType":"LOOP"},"defaultServiceEndpoint":{"clickTrackingParams":"CEsQ85EJIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","repeatChapterCommand":{"repeat":"REPEAT_CHAPTER_TYPE_ENABLE_REPEAT","startTimeMs":"2555000","endTimeMs":"2735000","repeatStateEntityKey":"EgxyZXBlYXRfc3RhdGUgyQIoAQ%3D%3D"}},"toggledServiceEndpoint":{"clickTrackingParams":"CEsQ85EJIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandExecutorCommand":{"commands":[{"clickTrackingParams":"CEsQ85EJIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","entityUpdateCommand":{"entityBatchUpdate":{"mutations":[{"entityKey":"EgxyZXBlYXRfc3RhdGUgyQIoAQ%3D%3D","type":"ENTITY_MUTATION_TYPE_DELETE"}]}}},{"clickTrackingParams":"CEsQ85EJIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","repeatChapterCommand":{"repeat":"REPEAT_CHAPTER_TYPE_DISABLE_REPEAT"}}]}},"trackingParams":"CEsQ85EJIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","toggledStyle":{"styleType":"STYLE_BLUE_TEXT"},"accessibilityData":{"accessibilityData":{"label":"Repeat chapter is off"}},"toggledAccessibilityData":{"accessibilityData":{"label":"Repeat chapter is on"}}}},"macroMarkerRepeatStateEntityKey":"EgxyZXBlYXRfc3RhdGUgyQIoAQ%3D%3D","endRepeatCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CEoQ0NAGGA8iEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFjKAQTZF1Ah","commandExecutorCommand":{"commands":[{"clickTrackingParams":"CEoQ0NAGGA8iEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFjKAQTZF1Ah","entityUpdateCommand":{"entityBatchUpdate":{"mutations":[{"entityKey":"EgxyZXBlYXRfc3RhdGUgyQIoAQ%3D%3D","type":"ENTITY_MUTATION_TYPE_DELETE"}]}}},{"clickTrackingParams":"CEoQ0NAGGA8iEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFjKAQTZF1Ah","repeatChapterCommand":{"repeat":"REPEAT_CHAPTER_TYPE_DISABLE_REPEAT"}}]}},"playerStateEntityKey":"Eh8veW91dHViZS9hcHAvd2F0Y2gvcGxheWVyX3N0YXRlIMMCKAE%3D","carouselType":"MACRO_MARKERS_LIST_ITEM_RENDERER_CAROUSEL_TYPE_DEFAULT","lightColorPalette":{"section1Color":4294967295,"section2Color":4294440951,"section3Color":4293914607,"primaryTitleColor":4279834905,"secondaryTitleColor":4284835173,"section4Color":4293454056},"darkColorPalette":{"section1Color":4282335039,"section2Color":4281545523,"section3Color":4280690214,"primaryTitleColor":4294967295,"secondaryTitleColor":4291611852,"section4Color":4279834905},"timeDescriptionA11yLabel":"42 minutes, 35 seconds"}},{"macroMarkersListItemRenderer":{"title":{"simpleText":"Changes to Facebook"},"timeDescription":{"accessibility":{"accessibilityData":{"label":"45 minutes, 35 seconds"}},"simpleText":"45:35"},"thumbnail":{"thumbnails":[{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/ziekARBo4yg/hqdefault_2758933.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEbCKgBEF5IVfKriqkDDggBFQAAiEIYAXABwAEG\u0026rs=AOn4CLC-oSgz4ghefSTzRLFDiSPKAIuTMA","width":168,"height":94},{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/ziekARBo4yg/hqdefault_2758933.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEcCNACELwBSFXyq4qpAw4IARUAAIhCGAFwAcABBg==\u0026rs=AOn4CLDrNFI8GphG0fYIysv33adu-n2Yvg","width":336,"height":188}],"lightColorPalette":{"section1Color":4294967295,"section2Color":4294440951,"section3Color":4293914607,"primaryTitleColor":4279834905,"secondaryTitleColor":4284835173,"section4Color":4293454056},"darkColorPalette":{"section1Color":4282335039,"section2Color":4281545523,"section3Color":4280690214,"primaryTitleColor":4294967295,"secondaryTitleColor":4291611852,"section4Color":4279834905}},"onTap":{"clickTrackingParams":"CEYQ0NAGGBAiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFjKAQTZF1Ah","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/watch?v=ziekARBo4yg\u0026t=2735s","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_WATCH","rootVe":3832}},"watchEndpoint":{"videoId":"ziekARBo4yg","continuePlayback":true,"startTimeSeconds":2735,"watchEndpointSupportedOnesieConfig":{"html5PlaybackOnesieConfig":{"commonConfig":{"url":"https://rr2---sn-fapo3ox25a-cq2l.googlevideo.com/initplayback?source=youtube\u0026oeis=1\u0026c=WEB\u0026oad=3200\u0026ovd=3200\u0026oaad=11000\u0026oavd=11000\u0026ocs=700\u0026oewis=1\u0026oputc=1\u0026ofpcc=1\u0026msp=1\u0026odepv=1\u0026id=ce27a4011068e328\u0026ip=27.34.72.167\u0026osts=2735\u0026initcwndbps=1372500\u0026mt=1777291542\u0026oweuc=\u0026pxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ\u0026rxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzMw%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNA%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNg"}}}}},"trackingParams":"CEYQ0NAGGBAiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFg=","shareButton":{"buttonRenderer":{"style":"STYLE_TEXT","icon":{"iconType":"SHARE"},"trackingParams":"CEgQjdAHIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","accessibilityData":{"accessibilityData":{"label":"Share"}},"command":{"clickTrackingParams":"CEgQjdAHIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/share/get_share_panel"}},"shareEntityServiceEndpoint":{"serializedShareEntity":"Cgt6aWVrQVJCbzR5Z2IYCK8VEhNDaGFuZ2VzIHRvIEZhY2Vib29r","commands":[{"clickTrackingParams":"CEgQjdAHIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","openPopupAction":{"popup":{"unifiedSharePanelRenderer":{"trackingParams":"CEkQjmIiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFg=","showLoadingSpinner":true}},"popupType":"DIALOG","beReused":true}}]}}}},"repeatButton":{"toggleButtonRenderer":{"style":{"styleType":"STYLE_DEFAULT_ACTIVE"},"isToggled":false,"isDisabled":false,"defaultIcon":{"iconType":"LOOP"},"defaultServiceEndpoint":{"clickTrackingParams":"CEcQ85EJIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","repeatChapterCommand":{"repeat":"REPEAT_CHAPTER_TYPE_ENABLE_REPEAT","startTimeMs":"2735000","endTimeMs":"3128000","repeatStateEntityKey":"EgxyZXBlYXRfc3RhdGUgyQIoAQ%3D%3D"}},"toggledServiceEndpoint":{"clickTrackingParams":"CEcQ85EJIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandExecutorCommand":{"commands":[{"clickTrackingParams":"CEcQ85EJIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","entityUpdateCommand":{"entityBatchUpdate":{"mutations":[{"entityKey":"EgxyZXBlYXRfc3RhdGUgyQIoAQ%3D%3D","type":"ENTITY_MUTATION_TYPE_DELETE"}]}}},{"clickTrackingParams":"CEcQ85EJIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","repeatChapterCommand":{"repeat":"REPEAT_CHAPTER_TYPE_DISABLE_REPEAT"}}]}},"trackingParams":"CEcQ85EJIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","toggledStyle":{"styleType":"STYLE_BLUE_TEXT"},"accessibilityData":{"accessibilityData":{"label":"Repeat chapter is off"}},"toggledAccessibilityData":{"accessibilityData":{"label":"Repeat chapter is on"}}}},"macroMarkerRepeatStateEntityKey":"EgxyZXBlYXRfc3RhdGUgyQIoAQ%3D%3D","endRepeatCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CEYQ0NAGGBAiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFjKAQTZF1Ah","commandExecutorCommand":{"commands":[{"clickTrackingParams":"CEYQ0NAGGBAiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFjKAQTZF1Ah","entityUpdateCommand":{"entityBatchUpdate":{"mutations":[{"entityKey":"EgxyZXBlYXRfc3RhdGUgyQIoAQ%3D%3D","type":"ENTITY_MUTATION_TYPE_DELETE"}]}}},{"clickTrackingParams":"CEYQ0NAGGBAiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFjKAQTZF1Ah","repeatChapterCommand":{"repeat":"REPEAT_CHAPTER_TYPE_DISABLE_REPEAT"}}]}},"playerStateEntityKey":"Eh8veW91dHViZS9hcHAvd2F0Y2gvcGxheWVyX3N0YXRlIMMCKAE%3D","carouselType":"MACRO_MARKERS_LIST_ITEM_RENDERER_CAROUSEL_TYPE_DEFAULT","lightColorPalette":{"section1Color":4294967295,"section2Color":4294440951,"section3Color":4293914607,"primaryTitleColor":4279834905,"secondaryTitleColor":4284835173,"section4Color":4293454056},"darkColorPalette":{"section1Color":4282335039,"section2Color":4281545523,"section3Color":4280690214,"primaryTitleColor":4294967295,"secondaryTitleColor":4291611852,"section4Color":4279834905},"timeDescriptionA11yLabel":"45 minutes, 35 seconds"}},{"macroMarkersListItemRenderer":{"title":{"simpleText":"Social media updates"},"timeDescription":{"accessibility":{"accessibilityData":{"label":"52 minutes, 8 seconds"}},"simpleText":"52:08"},"thumbnail":{"thumbnails":[{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/ziekARBo4yg/hqdefault_3140900.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEbCKgBEF5IVfKriqkDDggBFQAAiEIYAXABwAEG\u0026rs=AOn4CLAmyg6GXf20ovSEoHZ5PaFssyrvKw","width":168,"height":94},{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/ziekARBo4yg/hqdefault_3140900.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEcCNACELwBSFXyq4qpAw4IARUAAIhCGAFwAcABBg==\u0026rs=AOn4CLALE7R_9qy4R2p9Tu4ilGH9h0jc5g","width":336,"height":188}],"lightColorPalette":{"section1Color":4294967295,"section2Color":4294440951,"section3Color":4293914607,"primaryTitleColor":4279834905,"secondaryTitleColor":4284835173,"section4Color":4293454056},"darkColorPalette":{"section1Color":4282335039,"section2Color":4281545523,"section3Color":4280690214,"primaryTitleColor":4294967295,"secondaryTitleColor":4291611852,"section4Color":4279834905}},"onTap":{"clickTrackingParams":"CEIQ0NAGGBEiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFjKAQTZF1Ah","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/watch?v=ziekARBo4yg\u0026t=3128s","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_WATCH","rootVe":3832}},"watchEndpoint":{"videoId":"ziekARBo4yg","continuePlayback":true,"startTimeSeconds":3128,"watchEndpointSupportedOnesieConfig":{"html5PlaybackOnesieConfig":{"commonConfig":{"url":"https://rr2---sn-fapo3ox25a-cq2l.googlevideo.com/initplayback?source=youtube\u0026oeis=1\u0026c=WEB\u0026oad=3200\u0026ovd=3200\u0026oaad=11000\u0026oavd=11000\u0026ocs=700\u0026oewis=1\u0026oputc=1\u0026ofpcc=1\u0026msp=1\u0026odepv=1\u0026id=ce27a4011068e328\u0026ip=27.34.72.167\u0026osts=3128\u0026initcwndbps=1372500\u0026mt=1777291542\u0026oweuc=\u0026pxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ\u0026rxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzMw%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNA%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNg"}}}}},"trackingParams":"CEIQ0NAGGBEiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFg=","shareButton":{"buttonRenderer":{"style":"STYLE_TEXT","icon":{"iconType":"SHARE"},"trackingParams":"CEQQjdAHIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","accessibilityData":{"accessibilityData":{"label":"Share"}},"command":{"clickTrackingParams":"CEQQjdAHIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/share/get_share_panel"}},"shareEntityServiceEndpoint":{"serializedShareEntity":"Cgt6aWVrQVJCbzR5Z2IZCLgYEhRTb2NpYWwgbWVkaWEgdXBkYXRlcw%3D%3D","commands":[{"clickTrackingParams":"CEQQjdAHIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","openPopupAction":{"popup":{"unifiedSharePanelRenderer":{"trackingParams":"CEUQjmIiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFg=","showLoadingSpinner":true}},"popupType":"DIALOG","beReused":true}}]}}}},"repeatButton":{"toggleButtonRenderer":{"style":{"styleType":"STYLE_DEFAULT_ACTIVE"},"isToggled":false,"isDisabled":false,"defaultIcon":{"iconType":"LOOP"},"defaultServiceEndpoint":{"clickTrackingParams":"CEMQ85EJIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","repeatChapterCommand":{"repeat":"REPEAT_CHAPTER_TYPE_ENABLE_REPEAT","startTimeMs":"3128000","endTimeMs":"3401000","repeatStateEntityKey":"EgxyZXBlYXRfc3RhdGUgyQIoAQ%3D%3D"}},"toggledServiceEndpoint":{"clickTrackingParams":"CEMQ85EJIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandExecutorCommand":{"commands":[{"clickTrackingParams":"CEMQ85EJIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","entityUpdateCommand":{"entityBatchUpdate":{"mutations":[{"entityKey":"EgxyZXBlYXRfc3RhdGUgyQIoAQ%3D%3D","type":"ENTITY_MUTATION_TYPE_DELETE"}]}}},{"clickTrackingParams":"CEMQ85EJIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","repeatChapterCommand":{"repeat":"REPEAT_CHAPTER_TYPE_DISABLE_REPEAT"}}]}},"trackingParams":"CEMQ85EJIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","toggledStyle":{"styleType":"STYLE_BLUE_TEXT"},"accessibilityData":{"accessibilityData":{"label":"Repeat chapter is off"}},"toggledAccessibilityData":{"accessibilityData":{"label":"Repeat chapter is on"}}}},"macroMarkerRepeatStateEntityKey":"EgxyZXBlYXRfc3RhdGUgyQIoAQ%3D%3D","endRepeatCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CEIQ0NAGGBEiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFjKAQTZF1Ah","commandExecutorCommand":{"commands":[{"clickTrackingParams":"CEIQ0NAGGBEiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFjKAQTZF1Ah","entityUpdateCommand":{"entityBatchUpdate":{"mutations":[{"entityKey":"EgxyZXBlYXRfc3RhdGUgyQIoAQ%3D%3D","type":"ENTITY_MUTATION_TYPE_DELETE"}]}}},{"clickTrackingParams":"CEIQ0NAGGBEiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFjKAQTZF1Ah","repeatChapterCommand":{"repeat":"REPEAT_CHAPTER_TYPE_DISABLE_REPEAT"}}]}},"playerStateEntityKey":"Eh8veW91dHViZS9hcHAvd2F0Y2gvcGxheWVyX3N0YXRlIMMCKAE%3D","carouselType":"MACRO_MARKERS_LIST_ITEM_RENDERER_CAROUSEL_TYPE_DEFAULT","lightColorPalette":{"section1Color":4294967295,"section2Color":4294440951,"section3Color":4293914607,"primaryTitleColor":4279834905,"secondaryTitleColor":4284835173,"section4Color":4293454056},"darkColorPalette":{"section1Color":4282335039,"section2Color":4281545523,"section3Color":4280690214,"primaryTitleColor":4294967295,"secondaryTitleColor":4291611852,"section4Color":4279834905},"timeDescriptionA11yLabel":"52 minutes, 8 seconds"}}],"syncButtonLabel":{"runs":[{"text":"Sync to video time"}]},"trackingParams":"CEEQ6NMGIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","syncModelEntityKey":"EgpzeW5jX21vZGVsIMQBKAE%3D"}},"targetId":"engagement-panel-macro-markers-description-chapters","visibility":"ENGAGEMENT_PANEL_VISIBILITY_HIDDEN","loggingDirectives":{"trackingParams":"CEAQ040EGAYiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFg=","visibility":{"types":"12"}}}},{"engagementPanelSectionListRenderer":{"panelIdentifier":"engagement-panel-structured-description","header":{"engagementPanelTitleHeaderRenderer":{"title":{"simpleText":"Description"},"visibilityButton":{"buttonRenderer":{"icon":{"iconType":"CLOSE"},"trackingParams":"CD8Q8FsiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFg=","accessibilityData":{"accessibilityData":{"label":"Close"}},"command":{"clickTrackingParams":"CD8Q8FsiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFjKAQTZF1Ah","commandExecutorCommand":{"commands":[{"clickTrackingParams":"CD8Q8FsiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFjKAQTZF1Ah","changeEngagementPanelVisibilityAction":{"targetId":"engagement-panel-structured-description","visibility":"ENGAGEMENT_PANEL_VISIBILITY_HIDDEN"}},{"clickTrackingParams":"CD8Q8FsiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFjKAQTZF1Ah","updateToggleButtonStateCommand":{"toggled":false,"buttonId":"TOGGLE_BUTTON_ID_TYPE_STRUCTURED_DESCRIPTION"}}]}}}},"trackingParams":"CBQQ040EGAciEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFg="}},"content":{"structuredDescriptionContentRenderer":{"items":[{"videoDescriptionHeaderRenderer":{"title":{"runs":[{"text":"Get Social: Social Media Trends July 2022 | Adobe Express"}]},"channel":{"simpleText":"Adobe Express"},"views":{"simpleText":"266,014 views"},"publishDate":{"simpleText":"Streamed live on Jul 28, 2022"},"channelNavigationEndpoint":{"clickTrackingParams":"CBQQ040EGAciEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFjKAQTZF1Ah","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/@AdobeExpress","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_CHANNEL","rootVe":3611,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/browse"}},"browseEndpoint":{"browseId":"UCn5CtwAo7oeHULdlVl-HMKw","canonicalBaseUrl":"/@AdobeExpress"}},"channelThumbnail":{"thumbnails":[{"url":"https://yt3.ggpht.com/ZI4hVRpX-vBmx-oz64uYJ-tp9B-PUDUXCLRPN443zabb3DjkARqSGZJzGY57rCizSWxzVcWeJg=s88-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj"}]}}},{"expandableVideoDescriptionBodyRenderer":{"showMoreText":{"accessibility":{"accessibilityData":{"label":"Show more"}},"simpleText":"...more"},"showLessText":{"simpleText":"Show less"},"attributedDescriptionBodyText":{"content":"There isn't a social media platform that isn’t experiencing significant growth right now. But what does that mean for your business and how do you keep up with the many changes in the world of social media and content marketing?\nTune in with Jordan Dené Ellis and Andy Lambert as they walk through the July 2022 updates in the world of Social Media. Learn about the latest social media trends and updates and how you can use them to fuel growth for your business.\n\nAndy Lambert is a Senior Product Marketing Manager at Adobe, helping thousands of businesses across the globe to unleash the power of social media: https://www.andyrlambert.com/\n\nJordan Dené Ellis is a Community Manager for Adobe Express, sharing her 10+ years of small business and online marketing experience: / jordandene.social \n\nJoin us LIVE on Behance: https://www.behance.net/adobelive\n\n00:00 Start\n00:50 Introduction\n03:38 LinkedIn and Pinterest publishing in Express\n05:14 Instagram advertising\n07:10 Instagram Reels\n09:30 Reels vs TikTok vs LinkedIn \n14:05 Tips for post engagement\n15:44 Tiktok demographics and data\n19:36 Social media advertising \n21:42 Creator earnings\n26:20 Social media brand discovery\n31:30 Videos and Reels\n34:50 Templates for IG reels\n36:45 IG dual mode\n40:05 Instagram Reels boosting\n42:35 Instagram creator marketplace\n45:35 Changes to Facebook\n52:08 Social media updates\n\nSubscribe to Adobe Express: https://adobe.ly/47TmqJh\n\nLearn More About Adobe Express: https://adobe.ly/499EC2k\n\nTry Adobe Express for Free: https://adobe.ly/3UU860d\n\nAbout Adobe Express:\nAdobe Express is the all-in-one app to make amazing work with generative AI features powered by #AdobeFirefly. With Adobe Express, you can transform beautiful templates into stunning graphics and video stories with just a few taps, regardless of your skill level. Explore Adobe Express and unlock a world of features that empower you to do more with your stories, leveraging the cutting-edge Gen AI technology for seamless design experiences.\n\nOur channel is dedicated to providing you with weekly how-to guides, inspiration, and tutorials. Whether you're seeking tips for logo design, tutorials on animation techniques, or mastering the art of background removal, our content is tailored to elevate your creative journey.\n\nSubscribe to our channel today and stay up to date with the latest trends, techniques, and innovations in design. Let Adobe Express be your creative companion as you craft compelling stories and bring your visions to life effortlessly. Join us on this journey to create, innovate, and excel.\n\nConnect with Adobe Express:\n✨Twitter: / adobeexpress \n✨Facebook: / adobeexpress \n✨Facebook Group: / adobeexpressinsiders \n✨Instagram: / adobeexpress \n✨Pinterest: / adobeexpress \n✨Discord: / discord \n✨TikTok: / adobeexpress \n\n#Adobe #AdobeExpress #AdobeYouTube \n\nGet Social: Social Media Trends July 2022 | Adobe Express\n • Get Social: Social Media Trends July 2022 ... ","commandRuns":[{"startIndex":613,"length":29,"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CBQQ040EGAciEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFhIqMajg5GA6ZPOAcoBBNkXUCE=","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"https://www.youtube.com/redirect?event=video_description\u0026redir_token=QUFFLUhqbGE0c3ljb05URTYwT2FERHZ6VU4zb0t1SWJ4QXxBQ3Jtc0tsbTNva25UTHhtOWxabWV3aGJpSDdKWW02RjZPaDR0emxZelVRVkhMSTFzUHpwb1hQcEVkekdGY0pUSWQtVkxzRU9zM0hXT3JnbjZCdTMyN01LcF9tQmFGbElkeWxYVnNERU9QVjBhNllZUkdTTnIxaw\u0026q=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.andyrlambert.com%2F\u0026v=ziekARBo4yg","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_UNKNOWN","rootVe":83769}},"urlEndpoint":{"url":"https://www.youtube.com/redirect?event=video_description\u0026redir_token=QUFFLUhqbGE0c3ljb05URTYwT2FERHZ6VU4zb0t1SWJ4QXxBQ3Jtc0tsbTNva25UTHhtOWxabWV3aGJpSDdKWW02RjZPaDR0emxZelVRVkhMSTFzUHpwb1hQcEVkekdGY0pUSWQtVkxzRU9zM0hXT3JnbjZCdTMyN01LcF9tQmFGbElkeWxYVnNERU9QVjBhNllZUkdTTnIxaw\u0026q=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.andyrlambert.com%2F\u0026v=ziekARBo4yg","target":"TARGET_NEW_WINDOW","nofollow":true}}}},{"startIndex":777,"length":23,"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CBQQ040EGAciEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFhIqMajg5GA6ZPOAcoBBNkXUCE=","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"https://www.youtube.com/redirect?event=video_description\u0026redir_token=QUFFLUhqazkzcWZIWjdOVzNpRVUyeDU3ZHo0VHJubVVmUXxBQ3Jtc0tuQVV0MlUxTk5BbTc5d2R1Y3hUMUI4azZaT2pCZGQ1RnE2bXRUYlBjY1RCbUNEQk8tSDI1SUlnRTdOekZldDRDbmg3NlBwWTIteTFqUXRPQUlld3NBaUFwUHFueXA2WUc4Z3l3YXFxVHRGa201X0t5bw\u0026q=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.instagram.com%2Fjordandene.social%2F\u0026v=ziekARBo4yg","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_UNKNOWN","rootVe":83769}},"urlEndpoint":{"url":"https://www.youtube.com/redirect?event=video_description\u0026redir_token=QUFFLUhqazkzcWZIWjdOVzNpRVUyeDU3ZHo0VHJubVVmUXxBQ3Jtc0tuQVV0MlUxTk5BbTc5d2R1Y3hUMUI4azZaT2pCZGQ1RnE2bXRUYlBjY1RCbUNEQk8tSDI1SUlnRTdOekZldDRDbmg3NlBwWTIteTFqUXRPQUlld3NBaUFwUHFueXA2WUc4Z3l3YXFxVHRGa201X0t5bw\u0026q=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.instagram.com%2Fjordandene.social%2F\u0026v=ziekARBo4yg","target":"TARGET_NEW_WINDOW","nofollow":true}}},"onTapOptions":{"accessibilityInfo":{"accessibilityLabel":"Instagram Channel Link: jordandene.social"}}},{"startIndex":827,"length":33,"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CBQQ040EGAciEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFhIqMajg5GA6ZPOAcoBBNkXUCE=","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"https://www.youtube.com/redirect?event=video_description\u0026redir_token=QUFFLUhqbGI1cUEybjRoOVFXRzZkS19NbHRISFdKTzFTQXxBQ3Jtc0tsTTM3dE9HalNHTXhrSGludmNKT1lYUWl6S1d3TDJGRHBKTEZYN3paNVBaS1B6czNLNG8zMUJCTzlIcFl2V3g1THk2OTU5QUlReHBrbjFMOE5vMklxckF0U2Vwc1BBaUtoUzhYVVBmNGZ2bEY3QkVGNA\u0026q=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.behance.net%2Fadobelive\u0026v=ziekARBo4yg","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_UNKNOWN","rootVe":83769}},"urlEndpoint":{"url":"https://www.youtube.com/redirect?event=video_description\u0026redir_token=QUFFLUhqbGI1cUEybjRoOVFXRzZkS19NbHRISFdKTzFTQXxBQ3Jtc0tsTTM3dE9HalNHTXhrSGludmNKT1lYUWl6S1d3TDJGRHBKTEZYN3paNVBaS1B6czNLNG8zMUJCTzlIcFl2V3g1THk2OTU5QUlReHBrbjFMOE5vMklxckF0U2Vwc1BBaUtoUzhYVVBmNGZ2bEY3QkVGNA\u0026q=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.behance.net%2Fadobelive\u0026v=ziekARBo4yg","target":"TARGET_NEW_WINDOW","nofollow":true}}}},{"startIndex":862,"length":5,"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CBQQ040EGAciEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFjKAQTZF1Ah","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/watch?v=ziekARBo4yg","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_WATCH","rootVe":3832}},"watchEndpoint":{"videoId":"ziekARBo4yg","continuePlayback":true,"startTimeSeconds":0,"watchEndpointSupportedOnesieConfig":{"html5PlaybackOnesieConfig":{"commonConfig":{"url":"https://rr2---sn-fapo3ox25a-cq2l.googlevideo.com/initplayback?source=youtube\u0026oeis=1\u0026c=WEB\u0026oad=3200\u0026ovd=3200\u0026oaad=11000\u0026oavd=11000\u0026ocs=700\u0026oewis=1\u0026oputc=1\u0026ofpcc=1\u0026msp=1\u0026odepv=1\u0026id=ce27a4011068e328\u0026ip=27.34.72.167\u0026initcwndbps=1372500\u0026mt=1777291542\u0026oweuc=\u0026pxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ\u0026rxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzMw%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNA%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNg"}}}}}},"onTapOptions":{"accessibilityInfo":{"accessibilityLabel":"0 seconds"}}},{"startIndex":874,"length":5,"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CBQQ040EGAciEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFjKAQTZF1Ah","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/watch?v=ziekARBo4yg\u0026t=50s","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_WATCH","rootVe":3832}},"watchEndpoint":{"videoId":"ziekARBo4yg","continuePlayback":true,"startTimeSeconds":50,"watchEndpointSupportedOnesieConfig":{"html5PlaybackOnesieConfig":{"commonConfig":{"url":"https://rr2---sn-fapo3ox25a-cq2l.googlevideo.com/initplayback?source=youtube\u0026oeis=1\u0026c=WEB\u0026oad=3200\u0026ovd=3200\u0026oaad=11000\u0026oavd=11000\u0026ocs=700\u0026oewis=1\u0026oputc=1\u0026ofpcc=1\u0026msp=1\u0026odepv=1\u0026id=ce27a4011068e328\u0026ip=27.34.72.167\u0026osts=50\u0026initcwndbps=1372500\u0026mt=1777291542\u0026oweuc=\u0026pxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ\u0026rxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzMw%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNA%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNg"}}}}}},"onTapOptions":{"accessibilityInfo":{"accessibilityLabel":"50 seconds"}}},{"startIndex":893,"length":5,"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CBQQ040EGAciEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFjKAQTZF1Ah","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/watch?v=ziekARBo4yg\u0026t=218s","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_WATCH","rootVe":3832}},"watchEndpoint":{"videoId":"ziekARBo4yg","continuePlayback":true,"startTimeSeconds":218,"watchEndpointSupportedOnesieConfig":{"html5PlaybackOnesieConfig":{"commonConfig":{"url":"https://rr2---sn-fapo3ox25a-cq2l.googlevideo.com/initplayback?source=youtube\u0026oeis=1\u0026c=WEB\u0026oad=3200\u0026ovd=3200\u0026oaad=11000\u0026oavd=11000\u0026ocs=700\u0026oewis=1\u0026oputc=1\u0026ofpcc=1\u0026msp=1\u0026odepv=1\u0026id=ce27a4011068e328\u0026ip=27.34.72.167\u0026osts=218\u0026initcwndbps=1372500\u0026mt=1777291542\u0026oweuc=\u0026pxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ\u0026rxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzMw%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNA%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNg"}}}}}},"onTapOptions":{"accessibilityInfo":{"accessibilityLabel":"3 minutes, 38 seconds"}}},{"startIndex":944,"length":5,"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CBQQ040EGAciEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFjKAQTZF1Ah","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/watch?v=ziekARBo4yg\u0026t=314s","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_WATCH","rootVe":3832}},"watchEndpoint":{"videoId":"ziekARBo4yg","continuePlayback":true,"startTimeSeconds":314,"watchEndpointSupportedOnesieConfig":{"html5PlaybackOnesieConfig":{"commonConfig":{"url":"https://rr2---sn-fapo3ox25a-cq2l.googlevideo.com/initplayback?source=youtube\u0026oeis=1\u0026c=WEB\u0026oad=3200\u0026ovd=3200\u0026oaad=11000\u0026oavd=11000\u0026ocs=700\u0026oewis=1\u0026oputc=1\u0026ofpcc=1\u0026msp=1\u0026odepv=1\u0026id=ce27a4011068e328\u0026ip=27.34.72.167\u0026osts=314\u0026initcwndbps=1372500\u0026mt=1777291542\u0026oweuc=\u0026pxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ\u0026rxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzMw%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNA%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNg"}}}}}},"onTapOptions":{"accessibilityInfo":{"accessibilityLabel":"5 minutes, 14 seconds"}}},{"startIndex":973,"length":5,"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CBQQ040EGAciEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFjKAQTZF1Ah","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/watch?v=ziekARBo4yg\u0026t=430s","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_WATCH","rootVe":3832}},"watchEndpoint":{"videoId":"ziekARBo4yg","continuePlayback":true,"startTimeSeconds":430,"watchEndpointSupportedOnesieConfig":{"html5PlaybackOnesieConfig":{"commonConfig":{"url":"https://rr2---sn-fapo3ox25a-cq2l.googlevideo.com/initplayback?source=youtube\u0026oeis=1\u0026c=WEB\u0026oad=3200\u0026ovd=3200\u0026oaad=11000\u0026oavd=11000\u0026ocs=700\u0026oewis=1\u0026oputc=1\u0026ofpcc=1\u0026msp=1\u0026odepv=1\u0026id=ce27a4011068e328\u0026ip=27.34.72.167\u0026osts=430\u0026initcwndbps=1372500\u0026mt=1777291542\u0026oweuc=\u0026pxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ\u0026rxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzMw%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNA%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNg"}}}}}},"onTapOptions":{"accessibilityInfo":{"accessibilityLabel":"7 minutes, 10 seconds"}}},{"startIndex":995,"length":5,"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CBQQ040EGAciEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFjKAQTZF1Ah","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/watch?v=ziekARBo4yg\u0026t=570s","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_WATCH","rootVe":3832}},"watchEndpoint":{"videoId":"ziekARBo4yg","continuePlayback":true,"startTimeSeconds":570,"watchEndpointSupportedOnesieConfig":{"html5PlaybackOnesieConfig":{"commonConfig":{"url":"https://rr2---sn-fapo3ox25a-cq2l.googlevideo.com/initplayback?source=youtube\u0026oeis=1\u0026c=WEB\u0026oad=3200\u0026ovd=3200\u0026oaad=11000\u0026oavd=11000\u0026ocs=700\u0026oewis=1\u0026oputc=1\u0026ofpcc=1\u0026msp=1\u0026odepv=1\u0026id=ce27a4011068e328\u0026ip=27.34.72.167\u0026osts=570\u0026initcwndbps=1372500\u0026mt=1777291542\u0026oweuc=\u0026pxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ\u0026rxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzMw%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNA%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNg"}}}}}},"onTapOptions":{"accessibilityInfo":{"accessibilityLabel":"9 minutes, 30 seconds"}}},{"startIndex":1030,"length":5,"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CBQQ040EGAciEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFjKAQTZF1Ah","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/watch?v=ziekARBo4yg\u0026t=845s","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_WATCH","rootVe":3832}},"watchEndpoint":{"videoId":"ziekARBo4yg","continuePlayback":true,"startTimeSeconds":845,"watchEndpointSupportedOnesieConfig":{"html5PlaybackOnesieConfig":{"commonConfig":{"url":"https://rr2---sn-fapo3ox25a-cq2l.googlevideo.com/initplayback?source=youtube\u0026oeis=1\u0026c=WEB\u0026oad=3200\u0026ovd=3200\u0026oaad=11000\u0026oavd=11000\u0026ocs=700\u0026oewis=1\u0026oputc=1\u0026ofpcc=1\u0026msp=1\u0026odepv=1\u0026id=ce27a4011068e328\u0026ip=27.34.72.167\u0026osts=845\u0026initcwndbps=1372500\u0026mt=1777291542\u0026oweuc=\u0026pxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ\u0026rxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzMw%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNA%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNg"}}}}}},"onTapOptions":{"accessibilityInfo":{"accessibilityLabel":"14 minutes, 5 seconds"}}},{"startIndex":1061,"length":5,"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CBQQ040EGAciEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFjKAQTZF1Ah","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/watch?v=ziekARBo4yg\u0026t=944s","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_WATCH","rootVe":3832}},"watchEndpoint":{"videoId":"ziekARBo4yg","continuePlayback":true,"startTimeSeconds":944,"watchEndpointSupportedOnesieConfig":{"html5PlaybackOnesieConfig":{"commonConfig":{"url":"https://rr2---sn-fapo3ox25a-cq2l.googlevideo.com/initplayback?source=youtube\u0026oeis=1\u0026c=WEB\u0026oad=3200\u0026ovd=3200\u0026oaad=11000\u0026oavd=11000\u0026ocs=700\u0026oewis=1\u0026oputc=1\u0026ofpcc=1\u0026msp=1\u0026odepv=1\u0026id=ce27a4011068e328\u0026ip=27.34.72.167\u0026osts=944\u0026initcwndbps=1372500\u0026mt=1777291542\u0026oweuc=\u0026pxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ\u0026rxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzMw%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNA%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNg"}}}}}},"onTapOptions":{"accessibilityInfo":{"accessibilityLabel":"15 minutes, 44 seconds"}}},{"startIndex":1096,"length":5,"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CBQQ040EGAciEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFjKAQTZF1Ah","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/watch?v=ziekARBo4yg\u0026t=1176s","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_WATCH","rootVe":3832}},"watchEndpoint":{"videoId":"ziekARBo4yg","continuePlayback":true,"startTimeSeconds":1176,"watchEndpointSupportedOnesieConfig":{"html5PlaybackOnesieConfig":{"commonConfig":{"url":"https://rr2---sn-fapo3ox25a-cq2l.googlevideo.com/initplayback?source=youtube\u0026oeis=1\u0026c=WEB\u0026oad=3200\u0026ovd=3200\u0026oaad=11000\u0026oavd=11000\u0026ocs=700\u0026oewis=1\u0026oputc=1\u0026ofpcc=1\u0026msp=1\u0026odepv=1\u0026id=ce27a4011068e328\u0026ip=27.34.72.167\u0026osts=1176\u0026initcwndbps=1372500\u0026mt=1777291542\u0026oweuc=\u0026pxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ\u0026rxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzMw%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNA%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNg"}}}}}},"onTapOptions":{"accessibilityInfo":{"accessibilityLabel":"19 minutes, 36 seconds"}}},{"startIndex":1128,"length":5,"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CBQQ040EGAciEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFjKAQTZF1Ah","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/watch?v=ziekARBo4yg\u0026t=1302s","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_WATCH","rootVe":3832}},"watchEndpoint":{"videoId":"ziekARBo4yg","continuePlayback":true,"startTimeSeconds":1302,"watchEndpointSupportedOnesieConfig":{"html5PlaybackOnesieConfig":{"commonConfig":{"url":"https://rr2---sn-fapo3ox25a-cq2l.googlevideo.com/initplayback?source=youtube\u0026oeis=1\u0026c=WEB\u0026oad=3200\u0026ovd=3200\u0026oaad=11000\u0026oavd=11000\u0026ocs=700\u0026oewis=1\u0026oputc=1\u0026ofpcc=1\u0026msp=1\u0026odepv=1\u0026id=ce27a4011068e328\u0026ip=27.34.72.167\u0026osts=1302\u0026initcwndbps=1372500\u0026mt=1777291542\u0026oweuc=\u0026pxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ\u0026rxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzMw%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNA%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNg"}}}}}},"onTapOptions":{"accessibilityInfo":{"accessibilityLabel":"21 minutes, 42 seconds"}}},{"startIndex":1151,"length":5,"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CBQQ040EGAciEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFjKAQTZF1Ah","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/watch?v=ziekARBo4yg\u0026t=1580s","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_WATCH","rootVe":3832}},"watchEndpoint":{"videoId":"ziekARBo4yg","continuePlayback":true,"startTimeSeconds":1580,"watchEndpointSupportedOnesieConfig":{"html5PlaybackOnesieConfig":{"commonConfig":{"url":"https://rr2---sn-fapo3ox25a-cq2l.googlevideo.com/initplayback?source=youtube\u0026oeis=1\u0026c=WEB\u0026oad=3200\u0026ovd=3200\u0026oaad=11000\u0026oavd=11000\u0026ocs=700\u0026oewis=1\u0026oputc=1\u0026ofpcc=1\u0026msp=1\u0026odepv=1\u0026id=ce27a4011068e328\u0026ip=27.34.72.167\u0026osts=1580\u0026initcwndbps=1372500\u0026mt=1777291542\u0026oweuc=\u0026pxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ\u0026rxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzMw%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNA%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNg"}}}}}},"onTapOptions":{"accessibilityInfo":{"accessibilityLabel":"26 minutes, 20 seconds"}}},{"startIndex":1186,"length":5,"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CBQQ040EGAciEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFjKAQTZF1Ah","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/watch?v=ziekARBo4yg\u0026t=1890s","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_WATCH","rootVe":3832}},"watchEndpoint":{"videoId":"ziekARBo4yg","continuePlayback":true,"startTimeSeconds":1890,"watchEndpointSupportedOnesieConfig":{"html5PlaybackOnesieConfig":{"commonConfig":{"url":"https://rr2---sn-fapo3ox25a-cq2l.googlevideo.com/initplayback?source=youtube\u0026oeis=1\u0026c=WEB\u0026oad=3200\u0026ovd=3200\u0026oaad=11000\u0026oavd=11000\u0026ocs=700\u0026oewis=1\u0026oputc=1\u0026ofpcc=1\u0026msp=1\u0026odepv=1\u0026id=ce27a4011068e328\u0026ip=27.34.72.167\u0026osts=1890\u0026initcwndbps=1372500\u0026mt=1777291542\u0026oweuc=\u0026pxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ\u0026rxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzMw%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNA%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNg"}}}}}},"onTapOptions":{"accessibilityInfo":{"accessibilityLabel":"31 minutes, 30 seconds"}}},{"startIndex":1209,"length":5,"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CBQQ040EGAciEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFjKAQTZF1Ah","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/watch?v=ziekARBo4yg\u0026t=2090s","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_WATCH","rootVe":3832}},"watchEndpoint":{"videoId":"ziekARBo4yg","continuePlayback":true,"startTimeSeconds":2090,"watchEndpointSupportedOnesieConfig":{"html5PlaybackOnesieConfig":{"commonConfig":{"url":"https://rr2---sn-fapo3ox25a-cq2l.googlevideo.com/initplayback?source=youtube\u0026oeis=1\u0026c=WEB\u0026oad=3200\u0026ovd=3200\u0026oaad=11000\u0026oavd=11000\u0026ocs=700\u0026oewis=1\u0026oputc=1\u0026ofpcc=1\u0026msp=1\u0026odepv=1\u0026id=ce27a4011068e328\u0026ip=27.34.72.167\u0026osts=2090\u0026initcwndbps=1372500\u0026mt=1777291542\u0026oweuc=\u0026pxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ\u0026rxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzMw%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNA%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNg"}}}}}},"onTapOptions":{"accessibilityInfo":{"accessibilityLabel":"34 minutes, 50 seconds"}}},{"startIndex":1238,"length":5,"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CBQQ040EGAciEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFjKAQTZF1Ah","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/watch?v=ziekARBo4yg\u0026t=2205s","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_WATCH","rootVe":3832}},"watchEndpoint":{"videoId":"ziekARBo4yg","continuePlayback":true,"startTimeSeconds":2205,"watchEndpointSupportedOnesieConfig":{"html5PlaybackOnesieConfig":{"commonConfig":{"url":"https://rr2---sn-fapo3ox25a-cq2l.googlevideo.com/initplayback?source=youtube\u0026oeis=1\u0026c=WEB\u0026oad=3200\u0026ovd=3200\u0026oaad=11000\u0026oavd=11000\u0026ocs=700\u0026oewis=1\u0026oputc=1\u0026ofpcc=1\u0026msp=1\u0026odepv=1\u0026id=ce27a4011068e328\u0026ip=27.34.72.167\u0026osts=2205\u0026initcwndbps=1372500\u0026mt=1777291542\u0026oweuc=\u0026pxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ\u0026rxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzMw%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNA%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNg"}}}}}},"onTapOptions":{"accessibilityInfo":{"accessibilityLabel":"36 minutes, 45 seconds"}}},{"startIndex":1257,"length":5,"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CBQQ040EGAciEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFjKAQTZF1Ah","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/watch?v=ziekARBo4yg\u0026t=2405s","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_WATCH","rootVe":3832}},"watchEndpoint":{"videoId":"ziekARBo4yg","continuePlayback":true,"startTimeSeconds":2405,"watchEndpointSupportedOnesieConfig":{"html5PlaybackOnesieConfig":{"commonConfig":{"url":"https://rr2---sn-fapo3ox25a-cq2l.googlevideo.com/initplayback?source=youtube\u0026oeis=1\u0026c=WEB\u0026oad=3200\u0026ovd=3200\u0026oaad=11000\u0026oavd=11000\u0026ocs=700\u0026oewis=1\u0026oputc=1\u0026ofpcc=1\u0026msp=1\u0026odepv=1\u0026id=ce27a4011068e328\u0026ip=27.34.72.167\u0026osts=2405\u0026initcwndbps=1372500\u0026mt=1777291542\u0026oweuc=\u0026pxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ\u0026rxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzMw%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNA%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNg"}}}}}},"onTapOptions":{"accessibilityInfo":{"accessibilityLabel":"40 minutes, 5 seconds"}}},{"startIndex":1288,"length":5,"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CBQQ040EGAciEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFjKAQTZF1Ah","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/watch?v=ziekARBo4yg\u0026t=2555s","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_WATCH","rootVe":3832}},"watchEndpoint":{"videoId":"ziekARBo4yg","continuePlayback":true,"startTimeSeconds":2555,"watchEndpointSupportedOnesieConfig":{"html5PlaybackOnesieConfig":{"commonConfig":{"url":"https://rr2---sn-fapo3ox25a-cq2l.googlevideo.com/initplayback?source=youtube\u0026oeis=1\u0026c=WEB\u0026oad=3200\u0026ovd=3200\u0026oaad=11000\u0026oavd=11000\u0026ocs=700\u0026oewis=1\u0026oputc=1\u0026ofpcc=1\u0026msp=1\u0026odepv=1\u0026id=ce27a4011068e328\u0026ip=27.34.72.167\u0026osts=2555\u0026initcwndbps=1372500\u0026mt=1777291542\u0026oweuc=\u0026pxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ\u0026rxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzMw%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNA%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNg"}}}}}},"onTapOptions":{"accessibilityInfo":{"accessibilityLabel":"42 minutes, 35 seconds"}}},{"startIndex":1324,"length":5,"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CBQQ040EGAciEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFjKAQTZF1Ah","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/watch?v=ziekARBo4yg\u0026t=2735s","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_WATCH","rootVe":3832}},"watchEndpoint":{"videoId":"ziekARBo4yg","continuePlayback":true,"startTimeSeconds":2735,"watchEndpointSupportedOnesieConfig":{"html5PlaybackOnesieConfig":{"commonConfig":{"url":"https://rr2---sn-fapo3ox25a-cq2l.googlevideo.com/initplayback?source=youtube\u0026oeis=1\u0026c=WEB\u0026oad=3200\u0026ovd=3200\u0026oaad=11000\u0026oavd=11000\u0026ocs=700\u0026oewis=1\u0026oputc=1\u0026ofpcc=1\u0026msp=1\u0026odepv=1\u0026id=ce27a4011068e328\u0026ip=27.34.72.167\u0026osts=2735\u0026initcwndbps=1372500\u0026mt=1777291542\u0026oweuc=\u0026pxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ\u0026rxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzMw%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNA%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNg"}}}}}},"onTapOptions":{"accessibilityInfo":{"accessibilityLabel":"45 minutes, 35 seconds"}}},{"startIndex":1350,"length":5,"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CBQQ040EGAciEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFjKAQTZF1Ah","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/watch?v=ziekARBo4yg\u0026t=3128s","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_WATCH","rootVe":3832}},"watchEndpoint":{"videoId":"ziekARBo4yg","continuePlayback":true,"startTimeSeconds":3128,"watchEndpointSupportedOnesieConfig":{"html5PlaybackOnesieConfig":{"commonConfig":{"url":"https://rr2---sn-fapo3ox25a-cq2l.googlevideo.com/initplayback?source=youtube\u0026oeis=1\u0026c=WEB\u0026oad=3200\u0026ovd=3200\u0026oaad=11000\u0026oavd=11000\u0026ocs=700\u0026oewis=1\u0026oputc=1\u0026ofpcc=1\u0026msp=1\u0026odepv=1\u0026id=ce27a4011068e328\u0026ip=27.34.72.167\u0026osts=3128\u0026initcwndbps=1372500\u0026mt=1777291542\u0026oweuc=\u0026pxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ\u0026rxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzMw%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNA%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNg"}}}}}},"onTapOptions":{"accessibilityInfo":{"accessibilityLabel":"52 minutes, 8 seconds"}}},{"startIndex":1406,"length":24,"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CBQQ040EGAciEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFhIqMajg5GA6ZPOAcoBBNkXUCE=","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"https://www.youtube.com/redirect?event=video_description\u0026redir_token=QUFFLUhqa1dWQ0h0MENjM0FKUzdCVVVqSW5fU2FZZVRzd3xBQ3Jtc0trRGVxNzFQWGY3ZnpwZklDOUlqcXprSWo4RGcwajh5OFNnZmNiTlFrVFBpQkpIRVlHdTZKRWt4eDBsTlU2eWhoeThkX3VkZDJLc1g4ZmtMcG5abU55amtsdThaYWMzTHNuZ2hyRFkycFd0NnZMWXM0bw\u0026q=https%3A%2F%2Fadobe.ly%2F47TmqJh\u0026v=ziekARBo4yg","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_UNKNOWN","rootVe":83769}},"urlEndpoint":{"url":"https://www.youtube.com/redirect?event=video_description\u0026redir_token=QUFFLUhqa1dWQ0h0MENjM0FKUzdCVVVqSW5fU2FZZVRzd3xBQ3Jtc0trRGVxNzFQWGY3ZnpwZklDOUlqcXprSWo4RGcwajh5OFNnZmNiTlFrVFBpQkpIRVlHdTZKRWt4eDBsTlU2eWhoeThkX3VkZDJLc1g4ZmtMcG5abU55amtsdThaYWMzTHNuZ2hyRFkycFd0NnZMWXM0bw\u0026q=https%3A%2F%2Fadobe.ly%2F47TmqJh\u0026v=ziekARBo4yg","target":"TARGET_NEW_WINDOW","nofollow":true}}}},{"startIndex":1464,"length":24,"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CBQQ040EGAciEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFhIqMajg5GA6ZPOAcoBBNkXUCE=","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"https://www.youtube.com/redirect?event=video_description\u0026redir_token=QUFFLUhqbnRBc21URWJpYklyZGVwXzJNbTBfek1jcXIzQXxBQ3Jtc0tuNTF0cF9TUmloSUhLUTkxcHc5RXpISEM2anQ5dGNHNXZIaUVMV0hBRk9Ya3hReVpOaTVuRkJmX0xERlRBV0hMdmhwZENPaHUzdWloRDJaM01PVEZ4dEgwLW5YZ2hEZ21rdlR3SGdRX0pRdkVhTm42WQ\u0026q=https%3A%2F%2Fadobe.ly%2F499EC2k\u0026v=ziekARBo4yg","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_UNKNOWN","rootVe":83769}},"urlEndpoint":{"url":"https://www.youtube.com/redirect?event=video_description\u0026redir_token=QUFFLUhqbnRBc21URWJpYklyZGVwXzJNbTBfek1jcXIzQXxBQ3Jtc0tuNTF0cF9TUmloSUhLUTkxcHc5RXpISEM2anQ5dGNHNXZIaUVMV0hBRk9Ya3hReVpOaTVuRkJmX0xERlRBV0hMdmhwZENPaHUzdWloRDJaM01PVEZ4dEgwLW5YZ2hEZ21rdlR3SGdRX0pRdkVhTm42WQ\u0026q=https%3A%2F%2Fadobe.ly%2F499EC2k\u0026v=ziekARBo4yg","target":"TARGET_NEW_WINDOW","nofollow":true}}}},{"startIndex":1518,"length":24,"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CBQQ040EGAciEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFhIqMajg5GA6ZPOAcoBBNkXUCE=","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"https://www.youtube.com/redirect?event=video_description\u0026redir_token=QUFFLUhqbmRKRU9OS1hsTW1PamlTWEExNkY0SFFiVGpWQXxBQ3Jtc0tuUFRQOW4ycmJxa3ZYeTRFclBIVmIxbDZBc192TWxZYzhxSGRZMWZicGVHc01yTk8wTmdSRUFUdGhLc2NFSDh5SUMxbFVTX0FBOWZrZl9IelhwMVFVX21tTWMtRTJzeDFHNVFOSzJHQkxkaUV0dEFrOA\u0026q=https%3A%2F%2Fadobe.ly%2F3UU860d\u0026v=ziekARBo4yg","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_UNKNOWN","rootVe":83769}},"urlEndpoint":{"url":"https://www.youtube.com/redirect?event=video_description\u0026redir_token=QUFFLUhqbmRKRU9OS1hsTW1PamlTWEExNkY0SFFiVGpWQXxBQ3Jtc0tuUFRQOW4ycmJxa3ZYeTRFclBIVmIxbDZBc192TWxZYzhxSGRZMWZicGVHc01yTk8wTmdSRUFUdGhLc2NFSDh5SUMxbFVTX0FBOWZrZl9IelhwMVFVX21tTWMtRTJzeDFHNVFOSzJHQkxkaUV0dEFrOA\u0026q=https%3A%2F%2Fadobe.ly%2F3UU860d\u0026v=ziekARBo4yg","target":"TARGET_NEW_WINDOW","nofollow":true}}}},{"startIndex":1661,"length":13,"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CD4Q3NcEGO0BIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/hashtag/adobefirefly","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_BROWSE","rootVe":6827,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/browse"}},"browseEndpoint":{"browseId":"FEhashtag","params":"6gUQCgxhZG9iZWZpcmVmbHkYAQ%3D%3D"}}},"loggingDirectives":{"trackingParams":"CD4Q3NcEGO0BIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY"}},{"startIndex":2620,"length":18,"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CBQQ040EGAciEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFhIqMajg5GA6ZPOAcoBBNkXUCE=","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"https://www.youtube.com/redirect?event=video_description\u0026redir_token=QUFFLUhqbldKaGctdEdZNndKLXZ0Y2NoWUdpNlVWTTk3Z3xBQ3Jtc0tuNnNFUkN4SFozQ2Vsd2c1SnpGLXZ4c2hkNlRIbVNLU1NRZnk5UkdjMWFscTBncG5rZ2E5NkdnMVFub2FXaUlzOXgtZ1pvdThFb0tYdzJXYmVUQ3N6cnFTVTFZWXNLLXB0c2NMRGhyNWJiREk3b1c2TQ\u0026q=https%3A%2F%2FTwitter.com%2FAdobeExpress\u0026v=ziekARBo4yg","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_UNKNOWN","rootVe":83769}},"urlEndpoint":{"url":"https://www.youtube.com/redirect?event=video_description\u0026redir_token=QUFFLUhqbldKaGctdEdZNndKLXZ0Y2NoWUdpNlVWTTk3Z3xBQ3Jtc0tuNnNFUkN4SFozQ2Vsd2c1SnpGLXZ4c2hkNlRIbVNLU1NRZnk5UkdjMWFscTBncG5rZ2E5NkdnMVFub2FXaUlzOXgtZ1pvdThFb0tYdzJXYmVUQ3N6cnFTVTFZWXNLLXB0c2NMRGhyNWJiREk3b1c2TQ\u0026q=https%3A%2F%2FTwitter.com%2FAdobeExpress\u0026v=ziekARBo4yg","target":"TARGET_NEW_WINDOW","nofollow":true}}},"onTapOptions":{"accessibilityInfo":{"accessibilityLabel":"Twitter Channel Link: AdobeExpress"}}},{"startIndex":2650,"length":18,"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CBQQ040EGAciEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFhIqMajg5GA6ZPOAcoBBNkXUCE=","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"https://www.youtube.com/redirect?event=video_description\u0026redir_token=QUFFLUhqbl9ySUxzQjU2azA0MjJDSloyZ2g3SF9Ka0RUZ3xBQ3Jtc0tsZE5WZGJmanVydUN4d3VwTGItNlluN3Q0UDhuNWczc2RrR2JVVG9BMFFHNldBQkhGQzlGWWhsMDlOR2g3eGhBQWRkRG12NlJrLXNZUkY3bGNRMl9tVGswZ21iWExrbVBucEowOVYxV081TER5R2hDVQ\u0026q=https%3A%2F%2Ffacebook.com%2FAdobeExpress\u0026v=ziekARBo4yg","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_UNKNOWN","rootVe":83769}},"urlEndpoint":{"url":"https://www.youtube.com/redirect?event=video_description\u0026redir_token=QUFFLUhqbl9ySUxzQjU2azA0MjJDSloyZ2g3SF9Ka0RUZ3xBQ3Jtc0tsZE5WZGJmanVydUN4d3VwTGItNlluN3Q0UDhuNWczc2RrR2JVVG9BMFFHNldBQkhGQzlGWWhsMDlOR2g3eGhBQWRkRG12NlJrLXNZUkY3bGNRMl9tVGswZ21iWExrbVBucEowOVYxV081TER5R2hDVQ\u0026q=https%3A%2F%2Ffacebook.com%2FAdobeExpress\u0026v=ziekARBo4yg","target":"TARGET_NEW_WINDOW","nofollow":true}}},"onTapOptions":{"accessibilityInfo":{"accessibilityLabel":"Facebook Channel Link: AdobeExpress"}}},{"startIndex":2686,"length":26,"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CBQQ040EGAciEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFhIqMajg5GA6ZPOAcoBBNkXUCE=","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"https://www.youtube.com/redirect?event=video_description\u0026redir_token=QUFFLUhqbDhBaU9kSHVHWmlUZm9sQjR5c2lYS05hakpCd3xBQ3Jtc0tsaGllaTduQVo4T0Y3NWQ1c2xPS1Q1dEJSN3lQa0hkaHZDdlowZGd4LXlTZEtrRXBIZnV4TE5OdkVTRGxiSzYtQk5SRXhweGxDLWVXSXRYOHVKU2ZOZlNyWXBXMUtZd2dNWkd2ZjhNWUZHRzVnWkNSNA\u0026q=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.facebook.com%2Fgroups%2Fadobeexpressinsiders%2F\u0026v=ziekARBo4yg","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_UNKNOWN","rootVe":83769}},"urlEndpoint":{"url":"https://www.youtube.com/redirect?event=video_description\u0026redir_token=QUFFLUhqbDhBaU9kSHVHWmlUZm9sQjR5c2lYS05hakpCd3xBQ3Jtc0tsaGllaTduQVo4T0Y3NWQ1c2xPS1Q1dEJSN3lQa0hkaHZDdlowZGd4LXlTZEtrRXBIZnV4TE5OdkVTRGxiSzYtQk5SRXhweGxDLWVXSXRYOHVKU2ZOZlNyWXBXMUtZd2dNWkd2ZjhNWUZHRzVnWkNSNA\u0026q=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.facebook.com%2Fgroups%2Fadobeexpressinsiders%2F\u0026v=ziekARBo4yg","target":"TARGET_NEW_WINDOW","nofollow":true}}},"onTapOptions":{"accessibilityInfo":{"accessibilityLabel":"Facebook Channel Link: adobeexpressinsiders"}}},{"startIndex":2725,"length":18,"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CBQQ040EGAciEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFhIqMajg5GA6ZPOAcoBBNkXUCE=","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"https://www.youtube.com/redirect?event=video_description\u0026redir_token=QUFFLUhqbm1COEJjZ2loS2NxNm5IcG1IdThNVGpteERLZ3xBQ3Jtc0tsbURQa3ZJVVRlR1BXSFhqZktzY05tc2NWamxxWENyVklhZDI0dmZGZnJnZ3cyNlRZV0hXRWs4T2MyZ1dNd2kyaEtFT1p4b2s2a0duRUwydV93c0ItU2NjUk1xTWs2bTh0OWp5UUc2UUJneU5OQWh5cw\u0026q=https%3A%2F%2Finstagram.com%2Fadobeexpress\u0026v=ziekARBo4yg","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_UNKNOWN","rootVe":83769}},"urlEndpoint":{"url":"https://www.youtube.com/redirect?event=video_description\u0026redir_token=QUFFLUhqbm1COEJjZ2loS2NxNm5IcG1IdThNVGpteERLZ3xBQ3Jtc0tsbURQa3ZJVVRlR1BXSFhqZktzY05tc2NWamxxWENyVklhZDI0dmZGZnJnZ3cyNlRZV0hXRWs4T2MyZ1dNd2kyaEtFT1p4b2s2a0duRUwydV93c0ItU2NjUk1xTWs2bTh0OWp5UUc2UUJneU5OQWh5cw\u0026q=https%3A%2F%2Finstagram.com%2Fadobeexpress\u0026v=ziekARBo4yg","target":"TARGET_NEW_WINDOW","nofollow":true}}},"onTapOptions":{"accessibilityInfo":{"accessibilityLabel":"Instagram Channel Link: adobeexpress"}}},{"startIndex":2756,"length":18,"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CBQQ040EGAciEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFhIqMajg5GA6ZPOAcoBBNkXUCE=","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"https://www.youtube.com/redirect?event=video_description\u0026redir_token=QUFFLUhqa1hFS2xGekhMaVIwOElybjFZNjJ6SEdNbm5tUXxBQ3Jtc0tuN2ZxS2tycWZSWFYyUHVwQWxMUGsyal9UYmJyYURpeFFSbWRaZlRPT1ZBRkVXY2FmRDZlUEJ5T2Z3UTNXRmlHdUtPYzlSQWtjSEJhRmhxMHlNSHJsQkM4cnVYLUJFakZwbGI5YUNhLXVmTXdQaDY4QQ\u0026q=https%3A%2F%2Fpinterest.com%2Fadobeexpress\u0026v=ziekARBo4yg","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_UNKNOWN","rootVe":83769}},"urlEndpoint":{"url":"https://www.youtube.com/redirect?event=video_description\u0026redir_token=QUFFLUhqa1hFS2xGekhMaVIwOElybjFZNjJ6SEdNbm5tUXxBQ3Jtc0tuN2ZxS2tycWZSWFYyUHVwQWxMUGsyal9UYmJyYURpeFFSbWRaZlRPT1ZBRkVXY2FmRDZlUEJ5T2Z3UTNXRmlHdUtPYzlSQWtjSEJhRmhxMHlNSHJsQkM4cnVYLUJFakZwbGI5YUNhLXVmTXdQaDY4QQ\u0026q=https%3A%2F%2Fpinterest.com%2Fadobeexpress\u0026v=ziekARBo4yg","target":"TARGET_NEW_WINDOW","nofollow":true}}},"onTapOptions":{"accessibilityInfo":{"accessibilityLabel":"Pinterest Channel Link: adobeexpress"}}},{"startIndex":2785,"length":13,"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CBQQ040EGAciEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFhIqMajg5GA6ZPOAcoBBNkXUCE=","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"https://www.youtube.com/redirect?event=video_description\u0026redir_token=QUFFLUhqbEJkcGUtRnZjaWw2aHdBRl9uM3lLYXk2SU9jZ3xBQ3Jtc0ttX2tTX2x6am1PdWdLemc0RV8zMVNodEUzYnVxUEtDMmc5VFdhOXFQUWZTaDVkdEhqcTBGUHRSOV9JcEd0TGsydU05bThOeV8yeW1iempha095WEdIMG5FOUlVU3A3c3lRc2lMX192VlhoOXhBeDlydw\u0026q=https%3A%2F%2Fdiscord.com%2Fadobeexpress\u0026v=ziekARBo4yg","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_UNKNOWN","rootVe":83769}},"urlEndpoint":{"url":"https://www.youtube.com/redirect?event=video_description\u0026redir_token=QUFFLUhqbEJkcGUtRnZjaWw2aHdBRl9uM3lLYXk2SU9jZ3xBQ3Jtc0ttX2tTX2x6am1PdWdLemc0RV8zMVNodEUzYnVxUEtDMmc5VFdhOXFQUWZTaDVkdEhqcTBGUHRSOV9JcEd0TGsydU05bThOeV8yeW1iempha095WEdIMG5FOUlVU3A3c3lRc2lMX192VlhoOXhBeDlydw\u0026q=https%3A%2F%2Fdiscord.com%2Fadobeexpress\u0026v=ziekARBo4yg","target":"TARGET_NEW_WINDOW","nofollow":true}}},"onTapOptions":{"accessibilityInfo":{"accessibilityLabel":"Discord Channel Link: discord"}}},{"startIndex":2808,"length":18,"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CBQQ040EGAciEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFhIqMajg5GA6ZPOAcoBBNkXUCE=","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"https://www.youtube.com/redirect?event=video_description\u0026redir_token=QUFFLUhqbVNhdnhWX2hsUm1KSWNNVF9HQ2Z3UnFoQ0szUXxBQ3Jtc0tsVkU0VGFwUS1XdEFvcXZUN3U5RTBFbFMyY2xiY1ZGbTY2eXUwTEo1ZkZpNnVZcnkxZ0lQNXRJMTAyUjY3R3FvSWlBcGtNam8zeGtkUzJwTUYwbU5tUFlxblNjT005R2FuUUx5RkdmWU44V2FnZkd0UQ\u0026q=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.tiktok.com%2F%40adobeexpress\u0026v=ziekARBo4yg","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_UNKNOWN","rootVe":83769}},"urlEndpoint":{"url":"https://www.youtube.com/redirect?event=video_description\u0026redir_token=QUFFLUhqbVNhdnhWX2hsUm1KSWNNVF9HQ2Z3UnFoQ0szUXxBQ3Jtc0tsVkU0VGFwUS1XdEFvcXZUN3U5RTBFbFMyY2xiY1ZGbTY2eXUwTEo1ZkZpNnVZcnkxZ0lQNXRJMTAyUjY3R3FvSWlBcGtNam8zeGtkUzJwTUYwbU5tUFlxblNjT005R2FuUUx5RkdmWU44V2FnZkd0UQ\u0026q=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.tiktok.com%2F%40adobeexpress\u0026v=ziekARBo4yg","target":"TARGET_NEW_WINDOW","nofollow":true}}},"onTapOptions":{"accessibilityInfo":{"accessibilityLabel":"TikTok Channel Link: adobeexpress"}}},{"startIndex":2828,"length":6,"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CD0Q3NcEGPUBIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/hashtag/adobe","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_BROWSE","rootVe":6827,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/browse"}},"browseEndpoint":{"browseId":"FEhashtag","params":"6gUJCgVhZG9iZRgB"}}},"loggingDirectives":{"trackingParams":"CD0Q3NcEGPUBIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY"}},{"startIndex":2835,"length":13,"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CDwQ3NcEGPYBIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/hashtag/adobeexpress","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_BROWSE","rootVe":6827,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/browse"}},"browseEndpoint":{"browseId":"FEhashtag","params":"6gUQCgxhZG9iZWV4cHJlc3MYAQ%3D%3D"}}},"loggingDirectives":{"trackingParams":"CDwQ3NcEGPYBIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY"}},{"startIndex":2849,"length":13,"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CDsQ3NcEGPcBIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/hashtag/adobeyoutube","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_BROWSE","rootVe":6827,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/browse"}},"browseEndpoint":{"browseId":"FEhashtag","params":"6gUQCgxhZG9iZXlvdXR1YmUYAQ%3D%3D"}}},"loggingDirectives":{"trackingParams":"CDsQ3NcEGPcBIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY"}},{"startIndex":2923,"length":52,"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CBQQ040EGAciEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFjKAQTZF1Ah","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/watch?v=ziekARBo4yg\u0026pp=0gcJCR0AztywvtLA","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_WATCH","rootVe":3832}},"watchEndpoint":{"videoId":"ziekARBo4yg","startTimeSeconds":0,"playerParams":"0gcJCR0AztywvtLA","watchEndpointSupportedOnesieConfig":{"html5PlaybackOnesieConfig":{"commonConfig":{"url":"https://rr2---sn-fapo3ox25a-cq2l.googlevideo.com/initplayback?source=youtube\u0026oeis=1\u0026c=WEB\u0026oad=3200\u0026ovd=3200\u0026oaad=11000\u0026oavd=11000\u0026ocs=700\u0026oewis=1\u0026oputc=1\u0026ofpcc=1\u0026msp=1\u0026odepv=1\u0026id=ce27a4011068e328\u0026ip=27.34.72.167\u0026initcwndbps=1372500\u0026mt=1777291542\u0026oweuc=\u0026pxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ\u0026rxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzMw%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNA%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNg"}}}}}},"onTapOptions":{"accessibilityInfo":{"accessibilityLabel":"YouTube Channel Link: Get Social: Social Media Trends July 2022 | Adobe Express"}}}],"styleRuns":[{"startIndex":0,"length":613,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4294967295},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4279440147}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":613,"length":29,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4282296063},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4278607828}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":642,"length":135,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4294967295},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4279440147}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":777,"length":23,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4294967295},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4279440147}]}}},{"startIndex":800,"length":27,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4294967295},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4279440147}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":827,"length":33,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4282296063},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4278607828}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":860,"length":2,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4294967295},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4279440147}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":862,"length":5,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4282296063},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4278607828}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":867,"length":7,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4294967295},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4279440147}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":874,"length":5,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4282296063},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4278607828}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":879,"length":14,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4294967295},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4279440147}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":893,"length":5,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4282296063},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4278607828}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":898,"length":46,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4294967295},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4279440147}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":944,"length":5,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4282296063},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4278607828}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":949,"length":24,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4294967295},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4279440147}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":973,"length":5,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4282296063},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4278607828}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":978,"length":17,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4294967295},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4279440147}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":995,"length":5,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4282296063},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4278607828}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":1000,"length":30,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4294967295},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4279440147}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":1030,"length":5,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4282296063},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4278607828}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":1035,"length":26,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4294967295},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4279440147}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":1061,"length":5,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4282296063},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4278607828}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":1066,"length":30,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4294967295},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4279440147}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":1096,"length":5,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4282296063},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4278607828}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":1101,"length":27,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4294967295},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4279440147}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":1128,"length":5,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4282296063},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4278607828}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":1133,"length":18,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4294967295},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4279440147}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":1151,"length":5,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4282296063},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4278607828}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":1156,"length":30,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4294967295},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4279440147}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":1186,"length":5,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4282296063},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4278607828}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":1191,"length":18,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4294967295},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4279440147}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":1209,"length":5,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4282296063},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4278607828}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":1214,"length":24,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4294967295},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4279440147}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":1238,"length":5,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4282296063},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4278607828}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":1243,"length":14,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4294967295},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4279440147}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":1257,"length":5,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4282296063},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4278607828}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":1262,"length":26,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4294967295},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4279440147}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":1288,"length":5,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4282296063},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4278607828}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":1293,"length":31,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4294967295},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4279440147}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":1324,"length":5,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4282296063},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4278607828}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":1329,"length":21,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4294967295},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4279440147}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":1350,"length":5,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4282296063},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4278607828}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":1355,"length":51,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4294967295},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4279440147}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":1406,"length":24,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4282296063},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4278607828}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":1430,"length":34,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4294967295},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4279440147}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":1464,"length":24,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4282296063},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4278607828}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":1488,"length":30,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4294967295},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4279440147}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":1518,"length":24,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4282296063},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4278607828}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":1542,"length":119,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4294967295},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4279440147}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":1661,"length":13,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4282296063},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4278607828}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":1674,"length":946,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4294967295},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4279440147}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":2620,"length":18,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4294967295},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4279440147}]}}},{"startIndex":2638,"length":12,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4294967295},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4279440147}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":2650,"length":18,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4294967295},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4279440147}]}}},{"startIndex":2668,"length":18,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4294967295},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4279440147}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":2686,"length":26,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4294967295},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4279440147}]}}},{"startIndex":2712,"length":13,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4294967295},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4279440147}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":2725,"length":18,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4294967295},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4279440147}]}}},{"startIndex":2743,"length":13,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4294967295},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4279440147}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":2756,"length":18,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4294967295},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4279440147}]}}},{"startIndex":2774,"length":11,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4294967295},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4279440147}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":2785,"length":13,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4294967295},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4279440147}]}}},{"startIndex":2798,"length":10,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4294967295},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4279440147}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":2808,"length":18,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4294967295},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4279440147}]}}},{"startIndex":2826,"length":2,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4294967295},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4279440147}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":2828,"length":6,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4282296063},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4278607828}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":2834,"length":1,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4294967295},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4279440147}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":2835,"length":13,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4282296063},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4278607828}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":2848,"length":1,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4294967295},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4279440147}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":2849,"length":13,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4282296063},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4278607828}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":2862,"length":61,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4294967295},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4279440147}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":2923,"length":52,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4294967295},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4279440147}]}}}],"attachmentRuns":[{"startIndex":778,"length":0,"element":{"type":{"imageType":{"image":{"sources":[{"url":"https://www.gstatic.com/youtube/img/watch/social_media/instagram_1x.png"}]}}},"properties":{"layoutProperties":{"height":{"value":14,"unit":"DIMENSION_UNIT_POINT"},"width":{"value":14,"unit":"DIMENSION_UNIT_POINT"},"margin":{"top":{"value":0.5,"unit":"DIMENSION_UNIT_POINT"}}}}},"alignment":"ALIGNMENT_VERTICAL_CENTER"},{"startIndex":2621,"length":0,"element":{"type":{"imageType":{"image":{"sources":[{"url":"https://www.gstatic.com/youtube/img/watch/social_media/twitter_1x_v2.png"}]}}},"properties":{"layoutProperties":{"height":{"value":14,"unit":"DIMENSION_UNIT_POINT"},"width":{"value":14,"unit":"DIMENSION_UNIT_POINT"},"margin":{"top":{"value":0.5,"unit":"DIMENSION_UNIT_POINT"}}}}},"alignment":"ALIGNMENT_VERTICAL_CENTER"},{"startIndex":2651,"length":0,"element":{"type":{"imageType":{"image":{"sources":[{"url":"https://www.gstatic.com/youtube/img/watch/social_media/facebook_1x.png"}]}}},"properties":{"layoutProperties":{"height":{"value":14,"unit":"DIMENSION_UNIT_POINT"},"width":{"value":14,"unit":"DIMENSION_UNIT_POINT"},"margin":{"top":{"value":0.5,"unit":"DIMENSION_UNIT_POINT"}}}}},"alignment":"ALIGNMENT_VERTICAL_CENTER"},{"startIndex":2687,"length":0,"element":{"type":{"imageType":{"image":{"sources":[{"url":"https://www.gstatic.com/youtube/img/watch/social_media/facebook_1x.png"}]}}},"properties":{"layoutProperties":{"height":{"value":14,"unit":"DIMENSION_UNIT_POINT"},"width":{"value":14,"unit":"DIMENSION_UNIT_POINT"},"margin":{"top":{"value":0.5,"unit":"DIMENSION_UNIT_POINT"}}}}},"alignment":"ALIGNMENT_VERTICAL_CENTER"},{"startIndex":2726,"length":0,"element":{"type":{"imageType":{"image":{"sources":[{"url":"https://www.gstatic.com/youtube/img/watch/social_media/instagram_1x.png"}]}}},"properties":{"layoutProperties":{"height":{"value":14,"unit":"DIMENSION_UNIT_POINT"},"width":{"value":14,"unit":"DIMENSION_UNIT_POINT"},"margin":{"top":{"value":0.5,"unit":"DIMENSION_UNIT_POINT"}}}}},"alignment":"ALIGNMENT_VERTICAL_CENTER"},{"startIndex":2757,"length":0,"element":{"type":{"imageType":{"image":{"sources":[{"url":"https://www.gstatic.com/youtube/img/watch/social_media/pinterest_1x.png"}]}}},"properties":{"layoutProperties":{"height":{"value":14,"unit":"DIMENSION_UNIT_POINT"},"width":{"value":14,"unit":"DIMENSION_UNIT_POINT"},"margin":{"top":{"value":0.5,"unit":"DIMENSION_UNIT_POINT"}}}}},"alignment":"ALIGNMENT_VERTICAL_CENTER"},{"startIndex":2786,"length":0,"element":{"type":{"imageType":{"image":{"sources":[{"url":"https://www.gstatic.com/youtube/img/watch/social_media/discord_1x.png"}]}}},"properties":{"layoutProperties":{"height":{"value":14,"unit":"DIMENSION_UNIT_POINT"},"width":{"value":14,"unit":"DIMENSION_UNIT_POINT"},"margin":{"top":{"value":0.5,"unit":"DIMENSION_UNIT_POINT"}}}}},"alignment":"ALIGNMENT_VERTICAL_CENTER"},{"startIndex":2809,"length":0,"element":{"type":{"imageType":{"image":{"sources":[{"url":"https://www.gstatic.com/youtube/img/watch/social_media/tiktok_1x.png"}]}}},"properties":{"layoutProperties":{"height":{"value":14,"unit":"DIMENSION_UNIT_POINT"},"width":{"value":14,"unit":"DIMENSION_UNIT_POINT"},"margin":{"top":{"value":0.5,"unit":"DIMENSION_UNIT_POINT"}}}}},"alignment":"ALIGNMENT_VERTICAL_CENTER"},{"startIndex":2925,"length":0,"element":{"type":{"imageType":{"image":{"sources":[{"url":"https://www.gstatic.com/youtube/img/watch/yt_favicon_ringo2.png"}]}}},"properties":{"layoutProperties":{"height":{"value":10,"unit":"DIMENSION_UNIT_POINT"},"width":{"value":14,"unit":"DIMENSION_UNIT_POINT"},"margin":{"top":{"value":0.5,"unit":"DIMENSION_UNIT_POINT"}}}}},"alignment":"ALIGNMENT_VERTICAL_CENTER"}],"decorationRuns":[{"textDecorator":{"highlightTextDecorator":{"startIndex":777,"length":23,"backgroundCornerRadius":8,"bottomPadding":1,"highlightTextDecoratorExtensions":{"highlightTextDecoratorColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":452984831},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":218103808}]}}}}},{"textDecorator":{"highlightTextDecorator":{"startIndex":2620,"length":18,"backgroundCornerRadius":8,"bottomPadding":1,"highlightTextDecoratorExtensions":{"highlightTextDecoratorColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":452984831},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":218103808}]}}}}},{"textDecorator":{"highlightTextDecorator":{"startIndex":2650,"length":18,"backgroundCornerRadius":8,"bottomPadding":1,"highlightTextDecoratorExtensions":{"highlightTextDecoratorColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":452984831},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":218103808}]}}}}},{"textDecorator":{"highlightTextDecorator":{"startIndex":2686,"length":26,"backgroundCornerRadius":8,"bottomPadding":1,"highlightTextDecoratorExtensions":{"highlightTextDecoratorColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":452984831},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":218103808}]}}}}},{"textDecorator":{"highlightTextDecorator":{"startIndex":2725,"length":18,"backgroundCornerRadius":8,"bottomPadding":1,"highlightTextDecoratorExtensions":{"highlightTextDecoratorColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":452984831},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":218103808}]}}}}},{"textDecorator":{"highlightTextDecorator":{"startIndex":2756,"length":18,"backgroundCornerRadius":8,"bottomPadding":1,"highlightTextDecoratorExtensions":{"highlightTextDecoratorColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":452984831},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":218103808}]}}}}},{"textDecorator":{"highlightTextDecorator":{"startIndex":2785,"length":13,"backgroundCornerRadius":8,"bottomPadding":1,"highlightTextDecoratorExtensions":{"highlightTextDecoratorColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":452984831},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":218103808}]}}}}},{"textDecorator":{"highlightTextDecorator":{"startIndex":2808,"length":18,"backgroundCornerRadius":8,"bottomPadding":1,"highlightTextDecoratorExtensions":{"highlightTextDecoratorColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":452984831},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":218103808}]}}}}},{"textDecorator":{"highlightTextDecorator":{"startIndex":2923,"length":52,"backgroundCornerRadius":8,"bottomPadding":1,"highlightTextDecoratorExtensions":{"highlightTextDecoratorColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":452984831},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":218103808}]}}}}}]},"headerRuns":[{"startIndex":0,"length":613,"headerMapping":"ATTRIBUTED_STRING_HEADER_MAPPING_UNSPECIFIED"},{"startIndex":613,"length":29,"headerMapping":"ATTRIBUTED_STRING_HEADER_MAPPING_UNSPECIFIED"},{"startIndex":642,"length":135,"headerMapping":"ATTRIBUTED_STRING_HEADER_MAPPING_UNSPECIFIED"},{"startIndex":777,"length":23,"headerMapping":"ATTRIBUTED_STRING_HEADER_MAPPING_UNSPECIFIED"},{"startIndex":800,"length":27,"headerMapping":"ATTRIBUTED_STRING_HEADER_MAPPING_UNSPECIFIED"},{"startIndex":827,"length":33,"headerMapping":"ATTRIBUTED_STRING_HEADER_MAPPING_UNSPECIFIED"},{"startIndex":860,"length":2,"headerMapping":"ATTRIBUTED_STRING_HEADER_MAPPING_UNSPECIFIED"},{"startIndex":862,"length":5,"headerMapping":"ATTRIBUTED_STRING_HEADER_MAPPING_UNSPECIFIED"},{"startIndex":867,"length":7,"headerMapping":"ATTRIBUTED_STRING_HEADER_MAPPING_UNSPECIFIED"},{"startIndex":874,"length":5,"headerMapping":"ATTRIBUTED_STRING_HEADER_MAPPING_UNSPECIFIED"},{"startIndex":879,"length":14,"headerMapping":"ATTRIBUTED_STRING_HEADER_MAPPING_UNSPECIFIED"},{"startIndex":893,"length":5,"headerMapping":"ATTRIBUTED_STRING_HEADER_MAPPING_UNSPECIFIED"},{"startIndex":898,"length":46,"headerMapping":"ATTRIBUTED_STRING_HEADER_MAPPING_UNSPECIFIED"},{"startIndex":944,"length":5,"headerMapping":"ATTRIBUTED_STRING_HEADER_MAPPING_UNSPECIFIED"},{"startIndex":949,"length":24,"headerMapping":"ATTRIBUTED_STRING_HEADER_MAPPING_UNSPECIFIED"},{"startIndex":973,"length":5,"headerMapping":"ATTRIBUTED_STRING_HEADER_MAPPING_UNSPECIFIED"},{"startIndex":978,"length":17,"headerMapping":"ATTRIBUTED_STRING_HEADER_MAPPING_UNSPECIFIED"},{"startIndex":995,"length":5,"headerMapping":"ATTRIBUTED_STRING_HEADER_MAPPING_UNSPECIFIED"},{"startIndex":1000,"length":30,"headerMapping":"ATTRIBUTED_STRING_HEADER_MAPPING_UNSPECIFIED"},{"startIndex":1030,"length":5,"headerMapping":"ATTRIBUTED_STRING_HEADER_MAPPING_UNSPECIFIED"},{"startIndex":1035,"length":26,"headerMapping":"ATTRIBUTED_STRING_HEADER_MAPPING_UNSPECIFIED"},{"startIndex":1061,"length":5,"headerMapping":"ATTRIBUTED_STRING_HEADER_MAPPING_UNSPECIFIED"},{"startIndex":1066,"length":30,"headerMapping":"ATTRIBUTED_STRING_HEADER_MAPPING_UNSPECIFIED"},{"startIndex":1096,"length":5,"headerMapping":"ATTRIBUTED_STRING_HEADER_MAPPING_UNSPECIFIED"},{"startIndex":1101,"length":27,"headerMapping":"ATTRIBUTED_STRING_HEADER_MAPPING_UNSPECIFIED"},{"startIndex":1128,"length":5,"headerMapping":"ATTRIBUTED_STRING_HEADER_MAPPING_UNSPECIFIED"},{"startIndex":1133,"length":18,"headerMapping":"ATTRIBUTED_STRING_HEADER_MAPPING_UNSPECIFIED"},{"startIndex":1151,"length":5,"headerMapping":"ATTRIBUTED_STRING_HEADER_MAPPING_UNSPECIFIED"},{"startIndex":1156,"length":30,"headerMapping":"ATTRIBUTED_STRING_HEADER_MAPPING_UNSPECIFIED"},{"startIndex":1186,"length":5,"headerMapping":"ATTRIBUTED_STRING_HEADER_MAPPING_UNSPECIFIED"},{"startIndex":1191,"length":18,"headerMapping":"ATTRIBUTED_STRING_HEADER_MAPPING_UNSPECIFIED"},{"startIndex":1209,"length":5,"headerMapping":"ATTRIBUTED_STRING_HEADER_MAPPING_UNSPECIFIED"},{"startIndex":1214,"length":24,"headerMapping":"ATTRIBUTED_STRING_HEADER_MAPPING_UNSPECIFIED"},{"startIndex":1238,"length":5,"headerMapping":"ATTRIBUTED_STRING_HEADER_MAPPING_UNSPECIFIED"},{"startIndex":1243,"length":14,"headerMapping":"ATTRIBUTED_STRING_HEADER_MAPPING_UNSPECIFIED"},{"startIndex":1257,"length":5,"headerMapping":"ATTRIBUTED_STRING_HEADER_MAPPING_UNSPECIFIED"},{"startIndex":1262,"length":26,"headerMapping":"ATTRIBUTED_STRING_HEADER_MAPPING_UNSPECIFIED"},{"startIndex":1288,"length":5,"headerMapping":"ATTRIBUTED_STRING_HEADER_MAPPING_UNSPECIFIED"},{"startIndex":1293,"length":31,"headerMapping":"ATTRIBUTED_STRING_HEADER_MAPPING_UNSPECIFIED"},{"startIndex":1324,"length":5,"headerMapping":"ATTRIBUTED_STRING_HEADER_MAPPING_UNSPECIFIED"},{"startIndex":1329,"length":21,"headerMapping":"ATTRIBUTED_STRING_HEADER_MAPPING_UNSPECIFIED"},{"startIndex":1350,"length":5,"headerMapping":"ATTRIBUTED_STRING_HEADER_MAPPING_UNSPECIFIED"},{"startIndex":1355,"length":51,"headerMapping":"ATTRIBUTED_STRING_HEADER_MAPPING_UNSPECIFIED"},{"startIndex":1406,"length":24,"headerMapping":"ATTRIBUTED_STRING_HEADER_MAPPING_UNSPECIFIED"},{"startIndex":1430,"length":34,"headerMapping":"ATTRIBUTED_STRING_HEADER_MAPPING_UNSPECIFIED"},{"startIndex":1464,"length":24,"headerMapping":"ATTRIBUTED_STRING_HEADER_MAPPING_UNSPECIFIED"},{"startIndex":1488,"length":30,"headerMapping":"ATTRIBUTED_STRING_HEADER_MAPPING_UNSPECIFIED"},{"startIndex":1518,"length":24,"headerMapping":"ATTRIBUTED_STRING_HEADER_MAPPING_UNSPECIFIED"},{"startIndex":1542,"length":119,"headerMapping":"ATTRIBUTED_STRING_HEADER_MAPPING_UNSPECIFIED"},{"startIndex":1661,"length":13,"headerMapping":"ATTRIBUTED_STRING_HEADER_MAPPING_UNSPECIFIED"},{"startIndex":1674,"length":946,"headerMapping":"ATTRIBUTED_STRING_HEADER_MAPPING_UNSPECIFIED"},{"startIndex":2620,"length":18,"headerMapping":"ATTRIBUTED_STRING_HEADER_MAPPING_UNSPECIFIED"},{"startIndex":2638,"length":12,"headerMapping":"ATTRIBUTED_STRING_HEADER_MAPPING_UNSPECIFIED"},{"startIndex":2650,"length":18,"headerMapping":"ATTRIBUTED_STRING_HEADER_MAPPING_UNSPECIFIED"},{"startIndex":2668,"length":18,"headerMapping":"ATTRIBUTED_STRING_HEADER_MAPPING_UNSPECIFIED"},{"startIndex":2686,"length":26,"headerMapping":"ATTRIBUTED_STRING_HEADER_MAPPING_UNSPECIFIED"},{"startIndex":2712,"length":13,"headerMapping":"ATTRIBUTED_STRING_HEADER_MAPPING_UNSPECIFIED"},{"startIndex":2725,"length":18,"headerMapping":"ATTRIBUTED_STRING_HEADER_MAPPING_UNSPECIFIED"},{"startIndex":2743,"length":13,"headerMapping":"ATTRIBUTED_STRING_HEADER_MAPPING_UNSPECIFIED"},{"startIndex":2756,"length":18,"headerMapping":"ATTRIBUTED_STRING_HEADER_MAPPING_UNSPECIFIED"},{"startIndex":2774,"length":11,"headerMapping":"ATTRIBUTED_STRING_HEADER_MAPPING_UNSPECIFIED"},{"startIndex":2785,"length":13,"headerMapping":"ATTRIBUTED_STRING_HEADER_MAPPING_UNSPECIFIED"},{"startIndex":2798,"length":10,"headerMapping":"ATTRIBUTED_STRING_HEADER_MAPPING_UNSPECIFIED"},{"startIndex":2808,"length":18,"headerMapping":"ATTRIBUTED_STRING_HEADER_MAPPING_UNSPECIFIED"},{"startIndex":2826,"length":2,"headerMapping":"ATTRIBUTED_STRING_HEADER_MAPPING_UNSPECIFIED"},{"startIndex":2828,"length":6,"headerMapping":"ATTRIBUTED_STRING_HEADER_MAPPING_UNSPECIFIED"},{"startIndex":2834,"length":1,"headerMapping":"ATTRIBUTED_STRING_HEADER_MAPPING_UNSPECIFIED"},{"startIndex":2835,"length":13,"headerMapping":"ATTRIBUTED_STRING_HEADER_MAPPING_UNSPECIFIED"},{"startIndex":2848,"length":1,"headerMapping":"ATTRIBUTED_STRING_HEADER_MAPPING_UNSPECIFIED"},{"startIndex":2849,"length":13,"headerMapping":"ATTRIBUTED_STRING_HEADER_MAPPING_UNSPECIFIED"},{"startIndex":2862,"length":61,"headerMapping":"ATTRIBUTED_STRING_HEADER_MAPPING_UNSPECIFIED"},{"startIndex":2923,"length":52,"headerMapping":"ATTRIBUTED_STRING_HEADER_MAPPING_UNSPECIFIED"}],"backgroundColorStyle":"BACKGROUND_COLOR_STYLE_COLOR_SAMPLED","lightThemeColorPalette":{"baseBackground":4294180848,"raisedBackground":4294180848,"additiveBackground":559991109,"textPrimary":4279383561,"textSecondary":4282544949,"invertedBackground":4281172503,"overlayBackground":3423745545},"darkThemeColorPalette":{"baseBackground":4278721538,"raisedBackground":4279383561,"additiveBackground":727763269,"textPrimary":4293262304,"textSecondary":4290044073,"invertedBackground":4287816573,"overlayBackground":3423745545},"colorSampledDescriptionBodyText":{"content":"There isn't a social media platform that isn’t experiencing significant growth right now. But what does that mean for your business and how do you keep up with the many changes in the world of social media and content marketing?\nTune in with Jordan Dené Ellis and Andy Lambert as they walk through the July 2022 updates in the world of Social Media. Learn about the latest social media trends and updates and how you can use them to fuel growth for your business.\n\nAndy Lambert is a Senior Product Marketing Manager at Adobe, helping thousands of businesses across the globe to unleash the power of social media: https://www.andyrlambert.com/\n\nJordan Dené Ellis is a Community Manager for Adobe Express, sharing her 10+ years of small business and online marketing experience: / jordandene.social \n\nJoin us LIVE on Behance: https://www.behance.net/adobelive\n\n00:00 Start\n00:50 Introduction\n03:38 LinkedIn and Pinterest publishing in Express\n05:14 Instagram advertising\n07:10 Instagram Reels\n09:30 Reels vs TikTok vs LinkedIn \n14:05 Tips for post engagement\n15:44 Tiktok demographics and data\n19:36 Social media advertising \n21:42 Creator earnings\n26:20 Social media brand discovery\n31:30 Videos and Reels\n34:50 Templates for IG reels\n36:45 IG dual mode\n40:05 Instagram Reels boosting\n42:35 Instagram creator marketplace\n45:35 Changes to Facebook\n52:08 Social media updates\n\nSubscribe to Adobe Express: https://adobe.ly/47TmqJh\n\nLearn More About Adobe Express: https://adobe.ly/499EC2k\n\nTry Adobe Express for Free: https://adobe.ly/3UU860d\n\nAbout Adobe Express:\nAdobe Express is the all-in-one app to make amazing work with generative AI features powered by #AdobeFirefly. With Adobe Express, you can transform beautiful templates into stunning graphics and video stories with just a few taps, regardless of your skill level. Explore Adobe Express and unlock a world of features that empower you to do more with your stories, leveraging the cutting-edge Gen AI technology for seamless design experiences.\n\nOur channel is dedicated to providing you with weekly how-to guides, inspiration, and tutorials. Whether you're seeking tips for logo design, tutorials on animation techniques, or mastering the art of background removal, our content is tailored to elevate your creative journey.\n\nSubscribe to our channel today and stay up to date with the latest trends, techniques, and innovations in design. Let Adobe Express be your creative companion as you craft compelling stories and bring your visions to life effortlessly. Join us on this journey to create, innovate, and excel.\n\nConnect with Adobe Express:\n✨Twitter: / adobeexpress \n✨Facebook: / adobeexpress \n✨Facebook Group: / adobeexpressinsiders \n✨Instagram: / adobeexpress \n✨Pinterest: / adobeexpress \n✨Discord: / discord \n✨TikTok: / adobeexpress \n\n#Adobe #AdobeExpress #AdobeYouTube \n\nGet Social: Social Media Trends July 2022 | Adobe Express\n • Get Social: Social Media Trends July 2022 ... ","commandRuns":[{"startIndex":613,"length":29,"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CBQQ040EGAciEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFhIqMajg5GA6ZPOAcoBBNkXUCE=","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"https://www.youtube.com/redirect?event=video_description\u0026redir_token=QUFFLUhqbERQbVBFNzZBT0NSTVgxWG0xakJMaEtneGlsZ3xBQ3Jtc0ttcHktZU5VRzU0Qzg0bzZEejdoU3ZxQmxNYWxXa3hzZmwzS1ljYjR0N3VrVUo1S2o1UGdHWkJYbVF1RG9SWGpXN3AtRDdHRjQ5Y0tkbFVadjg0NFJTejZLdXE1aDBaUkN1OXRJWm8zZ190RE8teE52QQ\u0026q=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.andyrlambert.com%2F\u0026v=ziekARBo4yg","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_UNKNOWN","rootVe":83769}},"urlEndpoint":{"url":"https://www.youtube.com/redirect?event=video_description\u0026redir_token=QUFFLUhqbERQbVBFNzZBT0NSTVgxWG0xakJMaEtneGlsZ3xBQ3Jtc0ttcHktZU5VRzU0Qzg0bzZEejdoU3ZxQmxNYWxXa3hzZmwzS1ljYjR0N3VrVUo1S2o1UGdHWkJYbVF1RG9SWGpXN3AtRDdHRjQ5Y0tkbFVadjg0NFJTejZLdXE1aDBaUkN1OXRJWm8zZ190RE8teE52QQ\u0026q=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.andyrlambert.com%2F\u0026v=ziekARBo4yg","target":"TARGET_NEW_WINDOW","nofollow":true}}}},{"startIndex":777,"length":23,"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CBQQ040EGAciEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFhIqMajg5GA6ZPOAcoBBNkXUCE=","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"https://www.youtube.com/redirect?event=video_description\u0026redir_token=QUFFLUhqbVBYTXowaXZfTl9zQnRneUlpLWRuWUxxenI5d3xBQ3Jtc0tuUEZDbE9ENmpXS1lRNGZPNEV1UkYzZ3FQcDVmdzBmTVRRQWgzdTBjMTFQY1NwY0dxWFhTSl90clIwYkpFdEZ0c0Z5TmhwcXpESlpjR0VrN2ZGTWJIa2lUbWt0NXp4YnJJUlBEUVdydmxDdFYxaWQ3cw\u0026q=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.instagram.com%2Fjordandene.social%2F\u0026v=ziekARBo4yg","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_UNKNOWN","rootVe":83769}},"urlEndpoint":{"url":"https://www.youtube.com/redirect?event=video_description\u0026redir_token=QUFFLUhqbVBYTXowaXZfTl9zQnRneUlpLWRuWUxxenI5d3xBQ3Jtc0tuUEZDbE9ENmpXS1lRNGZPNEV1UkYzZ3FQcDVmdzBmTVRRQWgzdTBjMTFQY1NwY0dxWFhTSl90clIwYkpFdEZ0c0Z5TmhwcXpESlpjR0VrN2ZGTWJIa2lUbWt0NXp4YnJJUlBEUVdydmxDdFYxaWQ3cw\u0026q=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.instagram.com%2Fjordandene.social%2F\u0026v=ziekARBo4yg","target":"TARGET_NEW_WINDOW","nofollow":true}}},"onTapOptions":{"accessibilityInfo":{"accessibilityLabel":"Instagram Channel Link: jordandene.social"}}},{"startIndex":827,"length":33,"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CBQQ040EGAciEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFhIqMajg5GA6ZPOAcoBBNkXUCE=","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"https://www.youtube.com/redirect?event=video_description\u0026redir_token=QUFFLUhqa1BHQnV3bHJmOU5TRFBVejJFaXh5b0k1WjYzZ3xBQ3Jtc0ttRzkyQ3U5OEthZUVFaFpLQlhVczVxbzlMbHVTMGs4a2ZFamNRdUFQMk1sY3NjMnlUTHo1NXVEcE1BR3NWVjV0MFRGR0h3ZWVlRExXZUtxOUllcVhhXzdNM3FxaEtXRUtENWNGcE5XRV9jRmtWZE4tWQ\u0026q=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.behance.net%2Fadobelive\u0026v=ziekARBo4yg","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_UNKNOWN","rootVe":83769}},"urlEndpoint":{"url":"https://www.youtube.com/redirect?event=video_description\u0026redir_token=QUFFLUhqa1BHQnV3bHJmOU5TRFBVejJFaXh5b0k1WjYzZ3xBQ3Jtc0ttRzkyQ3U5OEthZUVFaFpLQlhVczVxbzlMbHVTMGs4a2ZFamNRdUFQMk1sY3NjMnlUTHo1NXVEcE1BR3NWVjV0MFRGR0h3ZWVlRExXZUtxOUllcVhhXzdNM3FxaEtXRUtENWNGcE5XRV9jRmtWZE4tWQ\u0026q=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.behance.net%2Fadobelive\u0026v=ziekARBo4yg","target":"TARGET_NEW_WINDOW","nofollow":true}}}},{"startIndex":862,"length":5,"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CBQQ040EGAciEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFjKAQTZF1Ah","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/watch?v=ziekARBo4yg","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_WATCH","rootVe":3832}},"watchEndpoint":{"videoId":"ziekARBo4yg","continuePlayback":true,"startTimeSeconds":0,"watchEndpointSupportedOnesieConfig":{"html5PlaybackOnesieConfig":{"commonConfig":{"url":"https://rr2---sn-fapo3ox25a-cq2l.googlevideo.com/initplayback?source=youtube\u0026oeis=1\u0026c=WEB\u0026oad=3200\u0026ovd=3200\u0026oaad=11000\u0026oavd=11000\u0026ocs=700\u0026oewis=1\u0026oputc=1\u0026ofpcc=1\u0026msp=1\u0026odepv=1\u0026id=ce27a4011068e328\u0026ip=27.34.72.167\u0026initcwndbps=1372500\u0026mt=1777291542\u0026oweuc=\u0026pxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ\u0026rxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzMw%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNA%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNg"}}}}}},"onTapOptions":{"accessibilityInfo":{"accessibilityLabel":"0 seconds"}}},{"startIndex":874,"length":5,"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CBQQ040EGAciEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFjKAQTZF1Ah","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/watch?v=ziekARBo4yg\u0026t=50s","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_WATCH","rootVe":3832}},"watchEndpoint":{"videoId":"ziekARBo4yg","continuePlayback":true,"startTimeSeconds":50,"watchEndpointSupportedOnesieConfig":{"html5PlaybackOnesieConfig":{"commonConfig":{"url":"https://rr2---sn-fapo3ox25a-cq2l.googlevideo.com/initplayback?source=youtube\u0026oeis=1\u0026c=WEB\u0026oad=3200\u0026ovd=3200\u0026oaad=11000\u0026oavd=11000\u0026ocs=700\u0026oewis=1\u0026oputc=1\u0026ofpcc=1\u0026msp=1\u0026odepv=1\u0026id=ce27a4011068e328\u0026ip=27.34.72.167\u0026osts=50\u0026initcwndbps=1372500\u0026mt=1777291542\u0026oweuc=\u0026pxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ\u0026rxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzMw%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNA%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNg"}}}}}},"onTapOptions":{"accessibilityInfo":{"accessibilityLabel":"50 seconds"}}},{"startIndex":893,"length":5,"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CBQQ040EGAciEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFjKAQTZF1Ah","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/watch?v=ziekARBo4yg\u0026t=218s","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_WATCH","rootVe":3832}},"watchEndpoint":{"videoId":"ziekARBo4yg","continuePlayback":true,"startTimeSeconds":218,"watchEndpointSupportedOnesieConfig":{"html5PlaybackOnesieConfig":{"commonConfig":{"url":"https://rr2---sn-fapo3ox25a-cq2l.googlevideo.com/initplayback?source=youtube\u0026oeis=1\u0026c=WEB\u0026oad=3200\u0026ovd=3200\u0026oaad=11000\u0026oavd=11000\u0026ocs=700\u0026oewis=1\u0026oputc=1\u0026ofpcc=1\u0026msp=1\u0026odepv=1\u0026id=ce27a4011068e328\u0026ip=27.34.72.167\u0026osts=218\u0026initcwndbps=1372500\u0026mt=1777291542\u0026oweuc=\u0026pxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ\u0026rxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzMw%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNA%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNg"}}}}}},"onTapOptions":{"accessibilityInfo":{"accessibilityLabel":"3 minutes, 38 seconds"}}},{"startIndex":944,"length":5,"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CBQQ040EGAciEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFjKAQTZF1Ah","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/watch?v=ziekARBo4yg\u0026t=314s","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_WATCH","rootVe":3832}},"watchEndpoint":{"videoId":"ziekARBo4yg","continuePlayback":true,"startTimeSeconds":314,"watchEndpointSupportedOnesieConfig":{"html5PlaybackOnesieConfig":{"commonConfig":{"url":"https://rr2---sn-fapo3ox25a-cq2l.googlevideo.com/initplayback?source=youtube\u0026oeis=1\u0026c=WEB\u0026oad=3200\u0026ovd=3200\u0026oaad=11000\u0026oavd=11000\u0026ocs=700\u0026oewis=1\u0026oputc=1\u0026ofpcc=1\u0026msp=1\u0026odepv=1\u0026id=ce27a4011068e328\u0026ip=27.34.72.167\u0026osts=314\u0026initcwndbps=1372500\u0026mt=1777291542\u0026oweuc=\u0026pxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ\u0026rxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzMw%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNA%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNg"}}}}}},"onTapOptions":{"accessibilityInfo":{"accessibilityLabel":"5 minutes, 14 seconds"}}},{"startIndex":973,"length":5,"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CBQQ040EGAciEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFjKAQTZF1Ah","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/watch?v=ziekARBo4yg\u0026t=430s","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_WATCH","rootVe":3832}},"watchEndpoint":{"videoId":"ziekARBo4yg","continuePlayback":true,"startTimeSeconds":430,"watchEndpointSupportedOnesieConfig":{"html5PlaybackOnesieConfig":{"commonConfig":{"url":"https://rr2---sn-fapo3ox25a-cq2l.googlevideo.com/initplayback?source=youtube\u0026oeis=1\u0026c=WEB\u0026oad=3200\u0026ovd=3200\u0026oaad=11000\u0026oavd=11000\u0026ocs=700\u0026oewis=1\u0026oputc=1\u0026ofpcc=1\u0026msp=1\u0026odepv=1\u0026id=ce27a4011068e328\u0026ip=27.34.72.167\u0026osts=430\u0026initcwndbps=1372500\u0026mt=1777291542\u0026oweuc=\u0026pxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ\u0026rxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzMw%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNA%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNg"}}}}}},"onTapOptions":{"accessibilityInfo":{"accessibilityLabel":"7 minutes, 10 seconds"}}},{"startIndex":995,"length":5,"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CBQQ040EGAciEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFjKAQTZF1Ah","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/watch?v=ziekARBo4yg\u0026t=570s","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_WATCH","rootVe":3832}},"watchEndpoint":{"videoId":"ziekARBo4yg","continuePlayback":true,"startTimeSeconds":570,"watchEndpointSupportedOnesieConfig":{"html5PlaybackOnesieConfig":{"commonConfig":{"url":"https://rr2---sn-fapo3ox25a-cq2l.googlevideo.com/initplayback?source=youtube\u0026oeis=1\u0026c=WEB\u0026oad=3200\u0026ovd=3200\u0026oaad=11000\u0026oavd=11000\u0026ocs=700\u0026oewis=1\u0026oputc=1\u0026ofpcc=1\u0026msp=1\u0026odepv=1\u0026id=ce27a4011068e328\u0026ip=27.34.72.167\u0026osts=570\u0026initcwndbps=1372500\u0026mt=1777291542\u0026oweuc=\u0026pxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ\u0026rxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzMw%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNA%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNg"}}}}}},"onTapOptions":{"accessibilityInfo":{"accessibilityLabel":"9 minutes, 30 seconds"}}},{"startIndex":1030,"length":5,"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CBQQ040EGAciEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFjKAQTZF1Ah","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/watch?v=ziekARBo4yg\u0026t=845s","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_WATCH","rootVe":3832}},"watchEndpoint":{"videoId":"ziekARBo4yg","continuePlayback":true,"startTimeSeconds":845,"watchEndpointSupportedOnesieConfig":{"html5PlaybackOnesieConfig":{"commonConfig":{"url":"https://rr2---sn-fapo3ox25a-cq2l.googlevideo.com/initplayback?source=youtube\u0026oeis=1\u0026c=WEB\u0026oad=3200\u0026ovd=3200\u0026oaad=11000\u0026oavd=11000\u0026ocs=700\u0026oewis=1\u0026oputc=1\u0026ofpcc=1\u0026msp=1\u0026odepv=1\u0026id=ce27a4011068e328\u0026ip=27.34.72.167\u0026osts=845\u0026initcwndbps=1372500\u0026mt=1777291542\u0026oweuc=\u0026pxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ\u0026rxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzMw%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNA%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNg"}}}}}},"onTapOptions":{"accessibilityInfo":{"accessibilityLabel":"14 minutes, 5 seconds"}}},{"startIndex":1061,"length":5,"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CBQQ040EGAciEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFjKAQTZF1Ah","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/watch?v=ziekARBo4yg\u0026t=944s","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_WATCH","rootVe":3832}},"watchEndpoint":{"videoId":"ziekARBo4yg","continuePlayback":true,"startTimeSeconds":944,"watchEndpointSupportedOnesieConfig":{"html5PlaybackOnesieConfig":{"commonConfig":{"url":"https://rr2---sn-fapo3ox25a-cq2l.googlevideo.com/initplayback?source=youtube\u0026oeis=1\u0026c=WEB\u0026oad=3200\u0026ovd=3200\u0026oaad=11000\u0026oavd=11000\u0026ocs=700\u0026oewis=1\u0026oputc=1\u0026ofpcc=1\u0026msp=1\u0026odepv=1\u0026id=ce27a4011068e328\u0026ip=27.34.72.167\u0026osts=944\u0026initcwndbps=1372500\u0026mt=1777291542\u0026oweuc=\u0026pxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ\u0026rxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzMw%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNA%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNg"}}}}}},"onTapOptions":{"accessibilityInfo":{"accessibilityLabel":"15 minutes, 44 seconds"}}},{"startIndex":1096,"length":5,"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CBQQ040EGAciEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFjKAQTZF1Ah","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/watch?v=ziekARBo4yg\u0026t=1176s","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_WATCH","rootVe":3832}},"watchEndpoint":{"videoId":"ziekARBo4yg","continuePlayback":true,"startTimeSeconds":1176,"watchEndpointSupportedOnesieConfig":{"html5PlaybackOnesieConfig":{"commonConfig":{"url":"https://rr2---sn-fapo3ox25a-cq2l.googlevideo.com/initplayback?source=youtube\u0026oeis=1\u0026c=WEB\u0026oad=3200\u0026ovd=3200\u0026oaad=11000\u0026oavd=11000\u0026ocs=700\u0026oewis=1\u0026oputc=1\u0026ofpcc=1\u0026msp=1\u0026odepv=1\u0026id=ce27a4011068e328\u0026ip=27.34.72.167\u0026osts=1176\u0026initcwndbps=1372500\u0026mt=1777291542\u0026oweuc=\u0026pxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ\u0026rxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzMw%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNA%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNg"}}}}}},"onTapOptions":{"accessibilityInfo":{"accessibilityLabel":"19 minutes, 36 seconds"}}},{"startIndex":1128,"length":5,"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CBQQ040EGAciEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFjKAQTZF1Ah","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/watch?v=ziekARBo4yg\u0026t=1302s","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_WATCH","rootVe":3832}},"watchEndpoint":{"videoId":"ziekARBo4yg","continuePlayback":true,"startTimeSeconds":1302,"watchEndpointSupportedOnesieConfig":{"html5PlaybackOnesieConfig":{"commonConfig":{"url":"https://rr2---sn-fapo3ox25a-cq2l.googlevideo.com/initplayback?source=youtube\u0026oeis=1\u0026c=WEB\u0026oad=3200\u0026ovd=3200\u0026oaad=11000\u0026oavd=11000\u0026ocs=700\u0026oewis=1\u0026oputc=1\u0026ofpcc=1\u0026msp=1\u0026odepv=1\u0026id=ce27a4011068e328\u0026ip=27.34.72.167\u0026osts=1302\u0026initcwndbps=1372500\u0026mt=1777291542\u0026oweuc=\u0026pxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ\u0026rxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzMw%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNA%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNg"}}}}}},"onTapOptions":{"accessibilityInfo":{"accessibilityLabel":"21 minutes, 42 seconds"}}},{"startIndex":1151,"length":5,"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CBQQ040EGAciEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFjKAQTZF1Ah","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/watch?v=ziekARBo4yg\u0026t=1580s","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_WATCH","rootVe":3832}},"watchEndpoint":{"videoId":"ziekARBo4yg","continuePlayback":true,"startTimeSeconds":1580,"watchEndpointSupportedOnesieConfig":{"html5PlaybackOnesieConfig":{"commonConfig":{"url":"https://rr2---sn-fapo3ox25a-cq2l.googlevideo.com/initplayback?source=youtube\u0026oeis=1\u0026c=WEB\u0026oad=3200\u0026ovd=3200\u0026oaad=11000\u0026oavd=11000\u0026ocs=700\u0026oewis=1\u0026oputc=1\u0026ofpcc=1\u0026msp=1\u0026odepv=1\u0026id=ce27a4011068e328\u0026ip=27.34.72.167\u0026osts=1580\u0026initcwndbps=1372500\u0026mt=1777291542\u0026oweuc=\u0026pxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ\u0026rxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzMw%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNA%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNg"}}}}}},"onTapOptions":{"accessibilityInfo":{"accessibilityLabel":"26 minutes, 20 seconds"}}},{"startIndex":1186,"length":5,"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CBQQ040EGAciEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFjKAQTZF1Ah","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/watch?v=ziekARBo4yg\u0026t=1890s","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_WATCH","rootVe":3832}},"watchEndpoint":{"videoId":"ziekARBo4yg","continuePlayback":true,"startTimeSeconds":1890,"watchEndpointSupportedOnesieConfig":{"html5PlaybackOnesieConfig":{"commonConfig":{"url":"https://rr2---sn-fapo3ox25a-cq2l.googlevideo.com/initplayback?source=youtube\u0026oeis=1\u0026c=WEB\u0026oad=3200\u0026ovd=3200\u0026oaad=11000\u0026oavd=11000\u0026ocs=700\u0026oewis=1\u0026oputc=1\u0026ofpcc=1\u0026msp=1\u0026odepv=1\u0026id=ce27a4011068e328\u0026ip=27.34.72.167\u0026osts=1890\u0026initcwndbps=1372500\u0026mt=1777291542\u0026oweuc=\u0026pxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ\u0026rxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzMw%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNA%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNg"}}}}}},"onTapOptions":{"accessibilityInfo":{"accessibilityLabel":"31 minutes, 30 seconds"}}},{"startIndex":1209,"length":5,"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CBQQ040EGAciEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFjKAQTZF1Ah","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/watch?v=ziekARBo4yg\u0026t=2090s","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_WATCH","rootVe":3832}},"watchEndpoint":{"videoId":"ziekARBo4yg","continuePlayback":true,"startTimeSeconds":2090,"watchEndpointSupportedOnesieConfig":{"html5PlaybackOnesieConfig":{"commonConfig":{"url":"https://rr2---sn-fapo3ox25a-cq2l.googlevideo.com/initplayback?source=youtube\u0026oeis=1\u0026c=WEB\u0026oad=3200\u0026ovd=3200\u0026oaad=11000\u0026oavd=11000\u0026ocs=700\u0026oewis=1\u0026oputc=1\u0026ofpcc=1\u0026msp=1\u0026odepv=1\u0026id=ce27a4011068e328\u0026ip=27.34.72.167\u0026osts=2090\u0026initcwndbps=1372500\u0026mt=1777291542\u0026oweuc=\u0026pxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ\u0026rxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzMw%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNA%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNg"}}}}}},"onTapOptions":{"accessibilityInfo":{"accessibilityLabel":"34 minutes, 50 seconds"}}},{"startIndex":1238,"length":5,"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CBQQ040EGAciEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFjKAQTZF1Ah","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/watch?v=ziekARBo4yg\u0026t=2205s","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_WATCH","rootVe":3832}},"watchEndpoint":{"videoId":"ziekARBo4yg","continuePlayback":true,"startTimeSeconds":2205,"watchEndpointSupportedOnesieConfig":{"html5PlaybackOnesieConfig":{"commonConfig":{"url":"https://rr2---sn-fapo3ox25a-cq2l.googlevideo.com/initplayback?source=youtube\u0026oeis=1\u0026c=WEB\u0026oad=3200\u0026ovd=3200\u0026oaad=11000\u0026oavd=11000\u0026ocs=700\u0026oewis=1\u0026oputc=1\u0026ofpcc=1\u0026msp=1\u0026odepv=1\u0026id=ce27a4011068e328\u0026ip=27.34.72.167\u0026osts=2205\u0026initcwndbps=1372500\u0026mt=1777291542\u0026oweuc=\u0026pxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ\u0026rxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzMw%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNA%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNg"}}}}}},"onTapOptions":{"accessibilityInfo":{"accessibilityLabel":"36 minutes, 45 seconds"}}},{"startIndex":1257,"length":5,"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CBQQ040EGAciEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFjKAQTZF1Ah","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/watch?v=ziekARBo4yg\u0026t=2405s","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_WATCH","rootVe":3832}},"watchEndpoint":{"videoId":"ziekARBo4yg","continuePlayback":true,"startTimeSeconds":2405,"watchEndpointSupportedOnesieConfig":{"html5PlaybackOnesieConfig":{"commonConfig":{"url":"https://rr2---sn-fapo3ox25a-cq2l.googlevideo.com/initplayback?source=youtube\u0026oeis=1\u0026c=WEB\u0026oad=3200\u0026ovd=3200\u0026oaad=11000\u0026oavd=11000\u0026ocs=700\u0026oewis=1\u0026oputc=1\u0026ofpcc=1\u0026msp=1\u0026odepv=1\u0026id=ce27a4011068e328\u0026ip=27.34.72.167\u0026osts=2405\u0026initcwndbps=1372500\u0026mt=1777291542\u0026oweuc=\u0026pxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ\u0026rxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzMw%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNA%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNg"}}}}}},"onTapOptions":{"accessibilityInfo":{"accessibilityLabel":"40 minutes, 5 seconds"}}},{"startIndex":1288,"length":5,"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CBQQ040EGAciEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFjKAQTZF1Ah","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/watch?v=ziekARBo4yg\u0026t=2555s","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_WATCH","rootVe":3832}},"watchEndpoint":{"videoId":"ziekARBo4yg","continuePlayback":true,"startTimeSeconds":2555,"watchEndpointSupportedOnesieConfig":{"html5PlaybackOnesieConfig":{"commonConfig":{"url":"https://rr2---sn-fapo3ox25a-cq2l.googlevideo.com/initplayback?source=youtube\u0026oeis=1\u0026c=WEB\u0026oad=3200\u0026ovd=3200\u0026oaad=11000\u0026oavd=11000\u0026ocs=700\u0026oewis=1\u0026oputc=1\u0026ofpcc=1\u0026msp=1\u0026odepv=1\u0026id=ce27a4011068e328\u0026ip=27.34.72.167\u0026osts=2555\u0026initcwndbps=1372500\u0026mt=1777291542\u0026oweuc=\u0026pxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ\u0026rxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzMw%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNA%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNg"}}}}}},"onTapOptions":{"accessibilityInfo":{"accessibilityLabel":"42 minutes, 35 seconds"}}},{"startIndex":1324,"length":5,"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CBQQ040EGAciEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFjKAQTZF1Ah","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/watch?v=ziekARBo4yg\u0026t=2735s","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_WATCH","rootVe":3832}},"watchEndpoint":{"videoId":"ziekARBo4yg","continuePlayback":true,"startTimeSeconds":2735,"watchEndpointSupportedOnesieConfig":{"html5PlaybackOnesieConfig":{"commonConfig":{"url":"https://rr2---sn-fapo3ox25a-cq2l.googlevideo.com/initplayback?source=youtube\u0026oeis=1\u0026c=WEB\u0026oad=3200\u0026ovd=3200\u0026oaad=11000\u0026oavd=11000\u0026ocs=700\u0026oewis=1\u0026oputc=1\u0026ofpcc=1\u0026msp=1\u0026odepv=1\u0026id=ce27a4011068e328\u0026ip=27.34.72.167\u0026osts=2735\u0026initcwndbps=1372500\u0026mt=1777291542\u0026oweuc=\u0026pxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ\u0026rxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzMw%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNA%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNg"}}}}}},"onTapOptions":{"accessibilityInfo":{"accessibilityLabel":"45 minutes, 35 seconds"}}},{"startIndex":1350,"length":5,"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CBQQ040EGAciEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFjKAQTZF1Ah","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/watch?v=ziekARBo4yg\u0026t=3128s","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_WATCH","rootVe":3832}},"watchEndpoint":{"videoId":"ziekARBo4yg","continuePlayback":true,"startTimeSeconds":3128,"watchEndpointSupportedOnesieConfig":{"html5PlaybackOnesieConfig":{"commonConfig":{"url":"https://rr2---sn-fapo3ox25a-cq2l.googlevideo.com/initplayback?source=youtube\u0026oeis=1\u0026c=WEB\u0026oad=3200\u0026ovd=3200\u0026oaad=11000\u0026oavd=11000\u0026ocs=700\u0026oewis=1\u0026oputc=1\u0026ofpcc=1\u0026msp=1\u0026odepv=1\u0026id=ce27a4011068e328\u0026ip=27.34.72.167\u0026osts=3128\u0026initcwndbps=1372500\u0026mt=1777291542\u0026oweuc=\u0026pxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ\u0026rxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzMw%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNA%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNg"}}}}}},"onTapOptions":{"accessibilityInfo":{"accessibilityLabel":"52 minutes, 8 seconds"}}},{"startIndex":1406,"length":24,"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CBQQ040EGAciEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFhIqMajg5GA6ZPOAcoBBNkXUCE=","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"https://www.youtube.com/redirect?event=video_description\u0026redir_token=QUFFLUhqbWlnQko3Snl2THBMZi1iNUg5MU9wRzUwVUhnZ3xBQ3Jtc0tsOUFyNk9NWncxUy1ycFV5S0tNRlQzVllhTTVJbjJ5THk3akNidDhZRU94dTVKbk0wYmNZeUI3VWl0S0Yza3NiQkx6ek1leTA4Q2hLbjhMaDJMd0l6cEs4b2tYNEJTa3FxQ1pKRWxwT09vU2cxaUk4cw\u0026q=https%3A%2F%2Fadobe.ly%2F47TmqJh\u0026v=ziekARBo4yg","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_UNKNOWN","rootVe":83769}},"urlEndpoint":{"url":"https://www.youtube.com/redirect?event=video_description\u0026redir_token=QUFFLUhqbWlnQko3Snl2THBMZi1iNUg5MU9wRzUwVUhnZ3xBQ3Jtc0tsOUFyNk9NWncxUy1ycFV5S0tNRlQzVllhTTVJbjJ5THk3akNidDhZRU94dTVKbk0wYmNZeUI3VWl0S0Yza3NiQkx6ek1leTA4Q2hLbjhMaDJMd0l6cEs4b2tYNEJTa3FxQ1pKRWxwT09vU2cxaUk4cw\u0026q=https%3A%2F%2Fadobe.ly%2F47TmqJh\u0026v=ziekARBo4yg","target":"TARGET_NEW_WINDOW","nofollow":true}}}},{"startIndex":1464,"length":24,"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CBQQ040EGAciEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFhIqMajg5GA6ZPOAcoBBNkXUCE=","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"https://www.youtube.com/redirect?event=video_description\u0026redir_token=QUFFLUhqa2lDSkMyS25NOFRHWTF5SExEVlVNVXhaVXNmd3xBQ3Jtc0tudU9jalU5SXV4LTFZNWZwdW93empqSk5UN0RJcTZ4X05ScUszc0xXUW53M2ttNTFRT2FCSjZaTlBhZmtzQzFPd1hoX082ZHA1b3RsR2I2bXlTRFc5VHBtWlpNWktZUnEta3dmUmhXU2FQdEZwZUFZaw\u0026q=https%3A%2F%2Fadobe.ly%2F499EC2k\u0026v=ziekARBo4yg","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_UNKNOWN","rootVe":83769}},"urlEndpoint":{"url":"https://www.youtube.com/redirect?event=video_description\u0026redir_token=QUFFLUhqa2lDSkMyS25NOFRHWTF5SExEVlVNVXhaVXNmd3xBQ3Jtc0tudU9jalU5SXV4LTFZNWZwdW93empqSk5UN0RJcTZ4X05ScUszc0xXUW53M2ttNTFRT2FCSjZaTlBhZmtzQzFPd1hoX082ZHA1b3RsR2I2bXlTRFc5VHBtWlpNWktZUnEta3dmUmhXU2FQdEZwZUFZaw\u0026q=https%3A%2F%2Fadobe.ly%2F499EC2k\u0026v=ziekARBo4yg","target":"TARGET_NEW_WINDOW","nofollow":true}}}},{"startIndex":1518,"length":24,"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CBQQ040EGAciEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFhIqMajg5GA6ZPOAcoBBNkXUCE=","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"https://www.youtube.com/redirect?event=video_description\u0026redir_token=QUFFLUhqbjZTZWFwZjk3bGRQV3RfaF93OU1EMzlFRGdRUXxBQ3Jtc0tsUV9GYlZRVTU0ay1PMDN5dTFWakFILWdfQnYtTWxHUTBjMFRNMTBnV1BYV1lsQUVIMHpUT3pWRXVfRTJaT3MzYWVzY3c4VlVIYzAxcVVFdDJtVWJsS2djd280dFVIamNJdld2SVFJRE9sSm9FcDVZWQ\u0026q=https%3A%2F%2Fadobe.ly%2F3UU860d\u0026v=ziekARBo4yg","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_UNKNOWN","rootVe":83769}},"urlEndpoint":{"url":"https://www.youtube.com/redirect?event=video_description\u0026redir_token=QUFFLUhqbjZTZWFwZjk3bGRQV3RfaF93OU1EMzlFRGdRUXxBQ3Jtc0tsUV9GYlZRVTU0ay1PMDN5dTFWakFILWdfQnYtTWxHUTBjMFRNMTBnV1BYV1lsQUVIMHpUT3pWRXVfRTJaT3MzYWVzY3c4VlVIYzAxcVVFdDJtVWJsS2djd280dFVIamNJdld2SVFJRE9sSm9FcDVZWQ\u0026q=https%3A%2F%2Fadobe.ly%2F3UU860d\u0026v=ziekARBo4yg","target":"TARGET_NEW_WINDOW","nofollow":true}}}},{"startIndex":1661,"length":13,"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CDoQ3NcEGGYiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFjKAQTZF1Ah","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/hashtag/adobefirefly","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_BROWSE","rootVe":6827,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/browse"}},"browseEndpoint":{"browseId":"FEhashtag","params":"6gUQCgxhZG9iZWZpcmVmbHkYAQ%3D%3D"}}},"loggingDirectives":{"trackingParams":"CDoQ3NcEGGYiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFg="}},{"startIndex":2620,"length":18,"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CBQQ040EGAciEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFhIqMajg5GA6ZPOAcoBBNkXUCE=","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"https://www.youtube.com/redirect?event=video_description\u0026redir_token=QUFFLUhqbm1YMU1IWkVXOXBCRUJ6NktxU0hFdU5uOVFLd3xBQ3Jtc0tteml5ZUJFX2VGdE9pcnZHenU5cVlocmVrVHJ5QjFFcTdJWU9XYjU3b3hvSUROTEdGbXJvVWN3N21QS3JCRmhOWm5zdFplN0Qxc0VhOVVYR25fTEwzbFE0bUttRUNYYmNfVVdIdVkzUEpPekhvLVRFNA\u0026q=https%3A%2F%2FTwitter.com%2FAdobeExpress\u0026v=ziekARBo4yg","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_UNKNOWN","rootVe":83769}},"urlEndpoint":{"url":"https://www.youtube.com/redirect?event=video_description\u0026redir_token=QUFFLUhqbm1YMU1IWkVXOXBCRUJ6NktxU0hFdU5uOVFLd3xBQ3Jtc0tteml5ZUJFX2VGdE9pcnZHenU5cVlocmVrVHJ5QjFFcTdJWU9XYjU3b3hvSUROTEdGbXJvVWN3N21QS3JCRmhOWm5zdFplN0Qxc0VhOVVYR25fTEwzbFE0bUttRUNYYmNfVVdIdVkzUEpPekhvLVRFNA\u0026q=https%3A%2F%2FTwitter.com%2FAdobeExpress\u0026v=ziekARBo4yg","target":"TARGET_NEW_WINDOW","nofollow":true}}},"onTapOptions":{"accessibilityInfo":{"accessibilityLabel":"Twitter Channel Link: AdobeExpress"}}},{"startIndex":2650,"length":18,"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CBQQ040EGAciEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFhIqMajg5GA6ZPOAcoBBNkXUCE=","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"https://www.youtube.com/redirect?event=video_description\u0026redir_token=QUFFLUhqbEJWZXpzdTRsVmtyWDExNmRvUUVZdWdOOVpQZ3xBQ3Jtc0tuMzlLRmdVQ1Vfd096S1NROUFLM1FadDdEWVVIX19fUDUweHM4OWJ4UzNRek9xVjkydFR5dldTTVpZTFJMNEp2cVVqZzMzQlVwWnpITjIwaTdHcFFnVlh3Qk5iM3hmWWhEN212Q25JVjBUbktpZDN2OA\u0026q=https%3A%2F%2Ffacebook.com%2FAdobeExpress\u0026v=ziekARBo4yg","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_UNKNOWN","rootVe":83769}},"urlEndpoint":{"url":"https://www.youtube.com/redirect?event=video_description\u0026redir_token=QUFFLUhqbEJWZXpzdTRsVmtyWDExNmRvUUVZdWdOOVpQZ3xBQ3Jtc0tuMzlLRmdVQ1Vfd096S1NROUFLM1FadDdEWVVIX19fUDUweHM4OWJ4UzNRek9xVjkydFR5dldTTVpZTFJMNEp2cVVqZzMzQlVwWnpITjIwaTdHcFFnVlh3Qk5iM3hmWWhEN212Q25JVjBUbktpZDN2OA\u0026q=https%3A%2F%2Ffacebook.com%2FAdobeExpress\u0026v=ziekARBo4yg","target":"TARGET_NEW_WINDOW","nofollow":true}}},"onTapOptions":{"accessibilityInfo":{"accessibilityLabel":"Facebook Channel Link: AdobeExpress"}}},{"startIndex":2686,"length":26,"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CBQQ040EGAciEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFhIqMajg5GA6ZPOAcoBBNkXUCE=","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"https://www.youtube.com/redirect?event=video_description\u0026redir_token=QUFFLUhqbVNKRXIwbkNyN2RkOWFUcmZpQUtLSUQydERGQXxBQ3Jtc0tuMl93c2oyMFUzY216eTkzQnQ5THhJVC1nUEZBTGEzMWsyYnBINmVmeW8xcllqd0RBWU5HSHk0YmxBVVYybDdWZE1vTW1kb21YelBtbmlvT0ZLcE1wWnY1VmhYSzdIREIxUTNwZUN4M3dGSVBfeUJITQ\u0026q=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.facebook.com%2Fgroups%2Fadobeexpressinsiders%2F\u0026v=ziekARBo4yg","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_UNKNOWN","rootVe":83769}},"urlEndpoint":{"url":"https://www.youtube.com/redirect?event=video_description\u0026redir_token=QUFFLUhqbVNKRXIwbkNyN2RkOWFUcmZpQUtLSUQydERGQXxBQ3Jtc0tuMl93c2oyMFUzY216eTkzQnQ5THhJVC1nUEZBTGEzMWsyYnBINmVmeW8xcllqd0RBWU5HSHk0YmxBVVYybDdWZE1vTW1kb21YelBtbmlvT0ZLcE1wWnY1VmhYSzdIREIxUTNwZUN4M3dGSVBfeUJITQ\u0026q=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.facebook.com%2Fgroups%2Fadobeexpressinsiders%2F\u0026v=ziekARBo4yg","target":"TARGET_NEW_WINDOW","nofollow":true}}},"onTapOptions":{"accessibilityInfo":{"accessibilityLabel":"Facebook Channel Link: adobeexpressinsiders"}}},{"startIndex":2725,"length":18,"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CBQQ040EGAciEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFhIqMajg5GA6ZPOAcoBBNkXUCE=","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"https://www.youtube.com/redirect?event=video_description\u0026redir_token=QUFFLUhqa2x3Z29Pa1QyZGhlbXFFWFVIM2RQZUFWaFYzUXxBQ3Jtc0trNVZhSjJzSDNJZDl2WERHeTMtWWZlbUZiSm14WG9UWkZhdWlkdUpCZ1hPU3p0S2VNclkxZnhHaWdWM0RhWnYwc2hFSkR1a09CNlNDc0gxb0E0ck41N0EyNzhDdDBhN0JIX1p6Ymo4TTVjLWNhaEszZw\u0026q=https%3A%2F%2Finstagram.com%2Fadobeexpress\u0026v=ziekARBo4yg","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_UNKNOWN","rootVe":83769}},"urlEndpoint":{"url":"https://www.youtube.com/redirect?event=video_description\u0026redir_token=QUFFLUhqa2x3Z29Pa1QyZGhlbXFFWFVIM2RQZUFWaFYzUXxBQ3Jtc0trNVZhSjJzSDNJZDl2WERHeTMtWWZlbUZiSm14WG9UWkZhdWlkdUpCZ1hPU3p0S2VNclkxZnhHaWdWM0RhWnYwc2hFSkR1a09CNlNDc0gxb0E0ck41N0EyNzhDdDBhN0JIX1p6Ymo4TTVjLWNhaEszZw\u0026q=https%3A%2F%2Finstagram.com%2Fadobeexpress\u0026v=ziekARBo4yg","target":"TARGET_NEW_WINDOW","nofollow":true}}},"onTapOptions":{"accessibilityInfo":{"accessibilityLabel":"Instagram Channel Link: adobeexpress"}}},{"startIndex":2756,"length":18,"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CBQQ040EGAciEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFhIqMajg5GA6ZPOAcoBBNkXUCE=","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"https://www.youtube.com/redirect?event=video_description\u0026redir_token=QUFFLUhqbFJJbUl0T3NNOXg5QWtlY3pVZkwzTEN3Ry1MZ3xBQ3Jtc0trWTBYZFdaempWMFVFMXVlLWpUdlJyeFlGUzg5dmluRzg3LW1LTkxMTGN3WDJxWFh3bnFJZENpZDhUOEk4a2dtcWFJY0VpdlV0RmYzTDlGQTVoYm1VUnpBNzJjRDkwOGtBSlVZUDR0bm9GeE1vVC04OA\u0026q=https%3A%2F%2Fpinterest.com%2Fadobeexpress\u0026v=ziekARBo4yg","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_UNKNOWN","rootVe":83769}},"urlEndpoint":{"url":"https://www.youtube.com/redirect?event=video_description\u0026redir_token=QUFFLUhqbFJJbUl0T3NNOXg5QWtlY3pVZkwzTEN3Ry1MZ3xBQ3Jtc0trWTBYZFdaempWMFVFMXVlLWpUdlJyeFlGUzg5dmluRzg3LW1LTkxMTGN3WDJxWFh3bnFJZENpZDhUOEk4a2dtcWFJY0VpdlV0RmYzTDlGQTVoYm1VUnpBNzJjRDkwOGtBSlVZUDR0bm9GeE1vVC04OA\u0026q=https%3A%2F%2Fpinterest.com%2Fadobeexpress\u0026v=ziekARBo4yg","target":"TARGET_NEW_WINDOW","nofollow":true}}},"onTapOptions":{"accessibilityInfo":{"accessibilityLabel":"Pinterest Channel Link: adobeexpress"}}},{"startIndex":2785,"length":13,"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CBQQ040EGAciEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFhIqMajg5GA6ZPOAcoBBNkXUCE=","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"https://www.youtube.com/redirect?event=video_description\u0026redir_token=QUFFLUhqbk92Qjh5YUQ4UzBTdEdyTldIS1JtcG1hZ0ZiQXxBQ3Jtc0tsd01JZGJqQm1fMkU5UFpleHhkZDhPVU5SSFlaTVFPMXVNdGRRWGJBUnF3U2tORVVVYWxEOXI4M1I4STdNTnFKejhvT3BWQTVFSDl2QnFMS0lVVzZSZnQ5UGJrY1VKZ1ViSDlwMnZQY0xJNEJEbXl6bw\u0026q=https%3A%2F%2Fdiscord.com%2Fadobeexpress\u0026v=ziekARBo4yg","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_UNKNOWN","rootVe":83769}},"urlEndpoint":{"url":"https://www.youtube.com/redirect?event=video_description\u0026redir_token=QUFFLUhqbk92Qjh5YUQ4UzBTdEdyTldIS1JtcG1hZ0ZiQXxBQ3Jtc0tsd01JZGJqQm1fMkU5UFpleHhkZDhPVU5SSFlaTVFPMXVNdGRRWGJBUnF3U2tORVVVYWxEOXI4M1I4STdNTnFKejhvT3BWQTVFSDl2QnFMS0lVVzZSZnQ5UGJrY1VKZ1ViSDlwMnZQY0xJNEJEbXl6bw\u0026q=https%3A%2F%2Fdiscord.com%2Fadobeexpress\u0026v=ziekARBo4yg","target":"TARGET_NEW_WINDOW","nofollow":true}}},"onTapOptions":{"accessibilityInfo":{"accessibilityLabel":"Discord Channel Link: discord"}}},{"startIndex":2808,"length":18,"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CBQQ040EGAciEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFhIqMajg5GA6ZPOAcoBBNkXUCE=","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"https://www.youtube.com/redirect?event=video_description\u0026redir_token=QUFFLUhqbkRqTGlGZHdYSXhMNl85Y0JZeVByY1kwZHU0UXxBQ3Jtc0tsOExmdHFEcDQ1aHRBbFNIWGRBVndvM3hocFkxNE1OeDBBempPcng1Ui1sZy1oQmMxN2dHMUVteWt2Y1pibmxGbHlQcnVVZ3R2OS1KdU5MVHlJTC1lUjNnX1RpZ0p3V1lOTE5rLVZPR1hIcmliV0NvMA\u0026q=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.tiktok.com%2F%40adobeexpress\u0026v=ziekARBo4yg","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_UNKNOWN","rootVe":83769}},"urlEndpoint":{"url":"https://www.youtube.com/redirect?event=video_description\u0026redir_token=QUFFLUhqbkRqTGlGZHdYSXhMNl85Y0JZeVByY1kwZHU0UXxBQ3Jtc0tsOExmdHFEcDQ1aHRBbFNIWGRBVndvM3hocFkxNE1OeDBBempPcng1Ui1sZy1oQmMxN2dHMUVteWt2Y1pibmxGbHlQcnVVZ3R2OS1KdU5MVHlJTC1lUjNnX1RpZ0p3V1lOTE5rLVZPR1hIcmliV0NvMA\u0026q=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.tiktok.com%2F%40adobeexpress\u0026v=ziekARBo4yg","target":"TARGET_NEW_WINDOW","nofollow":true}}},"onTapOptions":{"accessibilityInfo":{"accessibilityLabel":"TikTok Channel Link: adobeexpress"}}},{"startIndex":2828,"length":6,"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CDkQ3NcEGG4iEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFjKAQTZF1Ah","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/hashtag/adobe","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_BROWSE","rootVe":6827,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/browse"}},"browseEndpoint":{"browseId":"FEhashtag","params":"6gUJCgVhZG9iZRgB"}}},"loggingDirectives":{"trackingParams":"CDkQ3NcEGG4iEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFg="}},{"startIndex":2835,"length":13,"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CDgQ3NcEGG8iEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFjKAQTZF1Ah","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/hashtag/adobeexpress","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_BROWSE","rootVe":6827,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/browse"}},"browseEndpoint":{"browseId":"FEhashtag","params":"6gUQCgxhZG9iZWV4cHJlc3MYAQ%3D%3D"}}},"loggingDirectives":{"trackingParams":"CDgQ3NcEGG8iEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFg="}},{"startIndex":2849,"length":13,"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CDcQ3NcEGHAiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFjKAQTZF1Ah","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/hashtag/adobeyoutube","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_BROWSE","rootVe":6827,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/browse"}},"browseEndpoint":{"browseId":"FEhashtag","params":"6gUQCgxhZG9iZXlvdXR1YmUYAQ%3D%3D"}}},"loggingDirectives":{"trackingParams":"CDcQ3NcEGHAiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFg="}},{"startIndex":2923,"length":52,"onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CBQQ040EGAciEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFjKAQTZF1Ah","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/watch?v=ziekARBo4yg","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_WATCH","rootVe":3832}},"watchEndpoint":{"videoId":"ziekARBo4yg","startTimeSeconds":0,"watchEndpointSupportedOnesieConfig":{"html5PlaybackOnesieConfig":{"commonConfig":{"url":"https://rr2---sn-fapo3ox25a-cq2l.googlevideo.com/initplayback?source=youtube\u0026oeis=1\u0026c=WEB\u0026oad=3200\u0026ovd=3200\u0026oaad=11000\u0026oavd=11000\u0026ocs=700\u0026oewis=1\u0026oputc=1\u0026ofpcc=1\u0026msp=1\u0026odepv=1\u0026id=ce27a4011068e328\u0026ip=27.34.72.167\u0026initcwndbps=1372500\u0026mt=1777291542\u0026oweuc=\u0026pxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ\u0026rxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzMw%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNA%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNg"}}}}}},"onTapOptions":{"accessibilityInfo":{"accessibilityLabel":"YouTube Channel Link: Get Social: Social Media Trends July 2022 | Adobe Express"}}}],"styleRuns":[{"startIndex":0,"length":613,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4293262304},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4279383561}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":613,"length":29,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4282296063},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4278607828}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":642,"length":135,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4293262304},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4279383561}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":777,"length":23,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4293262304},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4279383561}]}}},{"startIndex":800,"length":27,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4293262304},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4279383561}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":827,"length":33,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4282296063},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4278607828}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":860,"length":2,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4293262304},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4279383561}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":862,"length":5,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4282296063},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4278607828}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":867,"length":7,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4293262304},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4279383561}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":874,"length":5,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4282296063},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4278607828}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":879,"length":14,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4293262304},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4279383561}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":893,"length":5,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4282296063},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4278607828}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":898,"length":46,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4293262304},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4279383561}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":944,"length":5,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4282296063},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4278607828}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":949,"length":24,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4293262304},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4279383561}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":973,"length":5,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4282296063},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4278607828}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":978,"length":17,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4293262304},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4279383561}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":995,"length":5,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4282296063},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4278607828}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":1000,"length":30,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4293262304},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4279383561}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":1030,"length":5,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4282296063},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4278607828}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":1035,"length":26,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4293262304},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4279383561}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":1061,"length":5,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4282296063},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4278607828}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":1066,"length":30,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4293262304},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4279383561}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":1096,"length":5,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4282296063},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4278607828}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":1101,"length":27,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4293262304},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4279383561}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":1128,"length":5,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4282296063},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4278607828}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":1133,"length":18,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4293262304},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4279383561}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":1151,"length":5,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4282296063},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4278607828}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":1156,"length":30,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4293262304},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4279383561}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":1186,"length":5,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4282296063},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4278607828}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":1191,"length":18,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4293262304},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4279383561}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":1209,"length":5,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4282296063},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4278607828}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":1214,"length":24,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4293262304},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4279383561}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":1238,"length":5,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4282296063},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4278607828}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":1243,"length":14,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4293262304},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4279383561}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":1257,"length":5,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4282296063},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4278607828}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":1262,"length":26,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4293262304},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4279383561}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":1288,"length":5,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4282296063},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4278607828}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":1293,"length":31,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4293262304},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4279383561}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":1324,"length":5,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4282296063},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4278607828}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":1329,"length":21,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4293262304},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4279383561}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":1350,"length":5,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4282296063},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4278607828}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":1355,"length":51,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4293262304},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4279383561}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":1406,"length":24,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4282296063},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4278607828}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":1430,"length":34,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4293262304},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4279383561}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":1464,"length":24,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4282296063},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4278607828}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":1488,"length":30,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4293262304},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4279383561}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":1518,"length":24,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4282296063},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4278607828}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":1542,"length":119,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4293262304},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4279383561}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":1661,"length":13,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4282296063},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4278607828}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":1674,"length":946,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4293262304},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4279383561}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":2620,"length":18,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4293262304},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4279383561}]}}},{"startIndex":2638,"length":12,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4293262304},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4279383561}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":2650,"length":18,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4293262304},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4279383561}]}}},{"startIndex":2668,"length":18,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4293262304},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4279383561}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":2686,"length":26,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4293262304},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4279383561}]}}},{"startIndex":2712,"length":13,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4293262304},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4279383561}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":2725,"length":18,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4293262304},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4279383561}]}}},{"startIndex":2743,"length":13,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4293262304},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4279383561}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":2756,"length":18,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4293262304},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4279383561}]}}},{"startIndex":2774,"length":11,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4293262304},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4279383561}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":2785,"length":13,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4293262304},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4279383561}]}}},{"startIndex":2798,"length":10,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4293262304},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4279383561}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":2808,"length":18,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4293262304},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4279383561}]}}},{"startIndex":2826,"length":2,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4293262304},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4279383561}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":2828,"length":6,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4282296063},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4278607828}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":2834,"length":1,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4293262304},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4279383561}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":2835,"length":13,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4282296063},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4278607828}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":2848,"length":1,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4293262304},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4279383561}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":2849,"length":13,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4282296063},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4278607828}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":2862,"length":61,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4293262304},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4279383561}]}},"fontFamilyName":"Roboto"},{"startIndex":2923,"length":52,"styleRunExtensions":{"styleRunColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":4293262304},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":4279383561}]}}}],"attachmentRuns":[{"startIndex":778,"length":0,"element":{"type":{"imageType":{"image":{"sources":[{"url":"https://www.gstatic.com/youtube/img/watch/social_media/instagram_1x.png"}]}}},"properties":{"layoutProperties":{"height":{"value":14,"unit":"DIMENSION_UNIT_POINT"},"width":{"value":14,"unit":"DIMENSION_UNIT_POINT"},"margin":{"top":{"value":0.5,"unit":"DIMENSION_UNIT_POINT"}}}}},"alignment":"ALIGNMENT_VERTICAL_CENTER"},{"startIndex":2621,"length":0,"element":{"type":{"imageType":{"image":{"sources":[{"url":"https://www.gstatic.com/youtube/img/watch/social_media/twitter_1x_v2.png"}]}}},"properties":{"layoutProperties":{"height":{"value":14,"unit":"DIMENSION_UNIT_POINT"},"width":{"value":14,"unit":"DIMENSION_UNIT_POINT"},"margin":{"top":{"value":0.5,"unit":"DIMENSION_UNIT_POINT"}}}}},"alignment":"ALIGNMENT_VERTICAL_CENTER"},{"startIndex":2651,"length":0,"element":{"type":{"imageType":{"image":{"sources":[{"url":"https://www.gstatic.com/youtube/img/watch/social_media/facebook_1x.png"}]}}},"properties":{"layoutProperties":{"height":{"value":14,"unit":"DIMENSION_UNIT_POINT"},"width":{"value":14,"unit":"DIMENSION_UNIT_POINT"},"margin":{"top":{"value":0.5,"unit":"DIMENSION_UNIT_POINT"}}}}},"alignment":"ALIGNMENT_VERTICAL_CENTER"},{"startIndex":2687,"length":0,"element":{"type":{"imageType":{"image":{"sources":[{"url":"https://www.gstatic.com/youtube/img/watch/social_media/facebook_1x.png"}]}}},"properties":{"layoutProperties":{"height":{"value":14,"unit":"DIMENSION_UNIT_POINT"},"width":{"value":14,"unit":"DIMENSION_UNIT_POINT"},"margin":{"top":{"value":0.5,"unit":"DIMENSION_UNIT_POINT"}}}}},"alignment":"ALIGNMENT_VERTICAL_CENTER"},{"startIndex":2726,"length":0,"element":{"type":{"imageType":{"image":{"sources":[{"url":"https://www.gstatic.com/youtube/img/watch/social_media/instagram_1x.png"}]}}},"properties":{"layoutProperties":{"height":{"value":14,"unit":"DIMENSION_UNIT_POINT"},"width":{"value":14,"unit":"DIMENSION_UNIT_POINT"},"margin":{"top":{"value":0.5,"unit":"DIMENSION_UNIT_POINT"}}}}},"alignment":"ALIGNMENT_VERTICAL_CENTER"},{"startIndex":2757,"length":0,"element":{"type":{"imageType":{"image":{"sources":[{"url":"https://www.gstatic.com/youtube/img/watch/social_media/pinterest_1x.png"}]}}},"properties":{"layoutProperties":{"height":{"value":14,"unit":"DIMENSION_UNIT_POINT"},"width":{"value":14,"unit":"DIMENSION_UNIT_POINT"},"margin":{"top":{"value":0.5,"unit":"DIMENSION_UNIT_POINT"}}}}},"alignment":"ALIGNMENT_VERTICAL_CENTER"},{"startIndex":2786,"length":0,"element":{"type":{"imageType":{"image":{"sources":[{"url":"https://www.gstatic.com/youtube/img/watch/social_media/discord_1x.png"}]}}},"properties":{"layoutProperties":{"height":{"value":14,"unit":"DIMENSION_UNIT_POINT"},"width":{"value":14,"unit":"DIMENSION_UNIT_POINT"},"margin":{"top":{"value":0.5,"unit":"DIMENSION_UNIT_POINT"}}}}},"alignment":"ALIGNMENT_VERTICAL_CENTER"},{"startIndex":2809,"length":0,"element":{"type":{"imageType":{"image":{"sources":[{"url":"https://www.gstatic.com/youtube/img/watch/social_media/tiktok_1x.png"}]}}},"properties":{"layoutProperties":{"height":{"value":14,"unit":"DIMENSION_UNIT_POINT"},"width":{"value":14,"unit":"DIMENSION_UNIT_POINT"},"margin":{"top":{"value":0.5,"unit":"DIMENSION_UNIT_POINT"}}}}},"alignment":"ALIGNMENT_VERTICAL_CENTER"},{"startIndex":2925,"length":0,"element":{"type":{"imageType":{"image":{"sources":[{"url":"https://www.gstatic.com/youtube/img/watch/yt_favicon_ringo2.png"}]}}},"properties":{"layoutProperties":{"height":{"value":10,"unit":"DIMENSION_UNIT_POINT"},"width":{"value":14,"unit":"DIMENSION_UNIT_POINT"},"margin":{"top":{"value":0.5,"unit":"DIMENSION_UNIT_POINT"}}}}},"alignment":"ALIGNMENT_VERTICAL_CENTER"}],"decorationRuns":[{"textDecorator":{"highlightTextDecorator":{"startIndex":777,"length":23,"backgroundCornerRadius":8,"bottomPadding":1,"highlightTextDecoratorExtensions":{"highlightTextDecoratorColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":727763269},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":559991109}]}}}}},{"textDecorator":{"highlightTextDecorator":{"startIndex":2620,"length":18,"backgroundCornerRadius":8,"bottomPadding":1,"highlightTextDecoratorExtensions":{"highlightTextDecoratorColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":727763269},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":559991109}]}}}}},{"textDecorator":{"highlightTextDecorator":{"startIndex":2650,"length":18,"backgroundCornerRadius":8,"bottomPadding":1,"highlightTextDecoratorExtensions":{"highlightTextDecoratorColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":727763269},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":559991109}]}}}}},{"textDecorator":{"highlightTextDecorator":{"startIndex":2686,"length":26,"backgroundCornerRadius":8,"bottomPadding":1,"highlightTextDecoratorExtensions":{"highlightTextDecoratorColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":727763269},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":559991109}]}}}}},{"textDecorator":{"highlightTextDecorator":{"startIndex":2725,"length":18,"backgroundCornerRadius":8,"bottomPadding":1,"highlightTextDecoratorExtensions":{"highlightTextDecoratorColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":727763269},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":559991109}]}}}}},{"textDecorator":{"highlightTextDecorator":{"startIndex":2756,"length":18,"backgroundCornerRadius":8,"bottomPadding":1,"highlightTextDecoratorExtensions":{"highlightTextDecoratorColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":727763269},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":559991109}]}}}}},{"textDecorator":{"highlightTextDecorator":{"startIndex":2785,"length":13,"backgroundCornerRadius":8,"bottomPadding":1,"highlightTextDecoratorExtensions":{"highlightTextDecoratorColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":727763269},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":559991109}]}}}}},{"textDecorator":{"highlightTextDecorator":{"startIndex":2808,"length":18,"backgroundCornerRadius":8,"bottomPadding":1,"highlightTextDecoratorExtensions":{"highlightTextDecoratorColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":727763269},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":559991109}]}}}}},{"textDecorator":{"highlightTextDecorator":{"startIndex":2923,"length":52,"backgroundCornerRadius":8,"bottomPadding":1,"highlightTextDecoratorExtensions":{"highlightTextDecoratorColorMapExtension":{"colorMap":[{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_DARK","value":727763269},{"key":"USER_INTERFACE_THEME_LIGHT","value":559991109}]}}}}}]},"enableColorSampledDescriptionBodyText":true}},{"expandableMetadataRenderer":{"header":{"collapsedTitle":{"simpleText":"Stay current on July 2022 social media trends! Experts analyze key platform updates, including LinkedIn and Pinterest publishing in Adobe Express, plus Instagram Reels' impact. They also discuss data-driven insights and new features impacting content strategy."},"collapsedLabel":{"simpleText":"Summary"},"expandedTitle":{"simpleText":"AI-generated video summary"},"expandedSubtitle":{"simpleText":"Quality and accuracy may vary."},"collapsedLabelIcon":{"iconType":"SPARK"},"expandedTitleIcon":{"iconType":"SPARK"},"expandedSubtitleTapCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CDMQgcsLGAIiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFjKAQTZF1Ah","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"https://support.google.com/youtube/answer/14089423","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_UNKNOWN","rootVe":83769}},"urlEndpoint":{"url":"https://support.google.com/youtube/answer/14089423","target":"TARGET_NEW_WINDOW"}},"expandedSubtitleTrailingIcon":{"iconType":"INFO"}},"expandedContent":{"videoSummaryContentViewModel":{"paragraphs":[{"videoSummaryParagraphViewModel":{"text":{"content":"Stay current on July 2022 social media trends! Experts analyze key platform updates, including LinkedIn and Pinterest publishing in Adobe Express, plus Instagram Reels' impact. They also discuss data-driven insights and new features impacting content strategy."}}}]}},"expandButton":{"buttonRenderer":{"style":"STYLE_DEFAULT","size":"SIZE_DEFAULT","isDisabled":false,"icon":{"iconType":"EXPAND_MORE"},"trackingParams":"CDYQ8FsiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFg=","accessibilityData":{"accessibilityData":{"label":"More"}}}},"collapseButton":{"buttonRenderer":{"style":"STYLE_DEFAULT","size":"SIZE_DEFAULT","isDisabled":false,"icon":{"iconType":"EXPAND_LESS"},"trackingParams":"CDUQ8FsiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFg=","accessibilityData":{"accessibilityData":{"label":"Less"}}}},"trackingParams":"CDMQgcsLGAIiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFg=","colorData":{"lightColorPalette":{"section1Color":4294705147,"section2Color":4294113521,"section3Color":4293522151,"primaryTitleColor":4279376144,"secondaryTitleColor":4283263813,"iconActivatedColor":4282210614,"iconInactiveColor":4288198032,"section4Color":4292930525,"iconDisabledColor":4073644233},"darkColorPalette":{"section1Color":4280431390,"section2Color":4279903767,"section3Color":4279310607,"primaryTitleColor":4293591013,"secondaryTitleColor":4289449123,"iconActivatedColor":4293591013,"iconInactiveColor":4285893744,"section4Color":4278717447,"iconDisabledColor":4064827715},"vibrantColorPalette":{"section1Color":4282737981,"section2Color":4282210614,"section3Color":4281617454,"primaryTitleColor":4293591013,"secondaryTitleColor":4291424191,"iconActivatedColor":4293591013,"iconInactiveColor":4285831531,"section4Color":4281024294,"iconDisabledColor":4063906869},"saturatedColorPalettes":{"lightThemePalette":{"baseBackground":4294180848,"raisedBackground":4294180848,"additiveBackground":559991109,"textPrimary":4279383561,"textSecondary":4282544949,"outline":857689364,"keyLight":4290044073,"collectionStack":4287874694,"invertedBackground":4281172503,"textPrimaryInverse":4294180848,"textDisabled":2132757780,"dropShadow":425773381,"cardOutline":174115141,"overlayBackground":3423745545,"overlayTextPrimary":4294180848,"solidWash":4282544949,"solidRim":869397449,"tonalWash":871628784,"tonalRim":867492009,"outlineRim":1291059184,"solidWashInverse":4291949513,"solidRimInverse":2145778656,"tonalWashInverse":653524976,"tonalRimInverse":652606432,"outlineRimInverse":653524976,"solidBackground":4280241428,"solidBackgroundInverse":4287874694,"tonalBackground":865322630,"tonalBackgroundInverse":433189833,"outlineInverse":870710240},"darkThemePalette":{"baseBackground":4278721538,"raisedBackground":4279383561,"additiveBackground":727763269,"textPrimary":4293262304,"textSecondary":4290044073,"outline":1070724041,"keyLight":4281425956,"collectionStack":4282544949,"invertedBackground":4287816573,"textPrimaryInverse":4278721538,"textDisabled":2144465865,"dropShadow":425773381,"cardOutline":174115141,"overlayBackground":3423745545,"overlayTextPrimary":4294180848,"solidWash":4291949513,"solidRim":2145778656,"tonalWash":653524976,"tonalRim":652606432,"outlineRim":653524976,"solidWashInverse":4282544949,"solidRimInverse":869397449,"tonalWashInverse":871628784,"tonalRimInverse":867492009,"outlineRimInverse":1291059184,"solidBackground":4287874694,"solidBackgroundInverse":4280241428,"tonalBackground":433189833,"tonalBackgroundInverse":865322630,"outlineInverse":857689364}}},"useCustomColors":true,"expandedMenuFooter":{"menuRenderer":{"trackingParams":"CDMQgcsLGAIiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFg=","topLevelButtons":[{"buttonRenderer":{"style":"STYLE_INACTIVE_OUTLINE","size":"SIZE_DEFAULT","isDisabled":false,"text":{"simpleText":"Send feedback"},"trackingParams":"CDQQ8FsYACITCNqZzNqAjpQDFR5LOAUd_MYsWA==","command":{"clickTrackingParams":"CDQQ8FsYACITCNqZzNqAjpQDFR5LOAUd_MYsWMoBBNkXUCE=","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"ignoreNavigation":true}},"userFeedbackEndpoint":{"additionalDatas":[{"userFeedbackEndpointProductSpecificValueData":{"key":"video_id","value":"ziekARBo4yg"}},{"userFeedbackEndpointProductSpecificValueData":{"key":"video_summary_source","value":"watch_page"}},{"userFeedbackEndpointProductSpecificValueData":{"key":"is_owner","value":"false"}}],"bucketIdentifier":"video_summary"}}}}]}},"loggingDirectives":{"trackingParams":"CDMQgcsLGAIiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFg=","visibility":{"types":"12"}}}},{"horizontalCardListRenderer":{"cards":[{"macroMarkersListItemRenderer":{"title":{"simpleText":"Start"},"timeDescription":{"simpleText":"0:00"},"thumbnail":{"thumbnails":[{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/ziekARBo4yg/hqdefault_866.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEbCKgBEF5IVfKriqkDDggBFQAAiEIYAXABwAEG\u0026rs=AOn4CLDrh10_lP7N3PWUTliktX550Y4lXA","width":168,"height":94},{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/ziekARBo4yg/hqdefault_866.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEcCNACELwBSFXyq4qpAw4IARUAAIhCGAFwAcABBg==\u0026rs=AOn4CLBomXC68NM94-EhwPdkc7HHB58k0g","width":336,"height":188}],"lightColorPalette":{"section1Color":4294704127,"section2Color":4294046200,"section3Color":4293388530,"primaryTitleColor":4279308825,"secondaryTitleColor":4284046724,"section4Color":4292730859},"darkColorPalette":{"section1Color":4281019711,"section2Color":4280427571,"section3Color":4279835430,"primaryTitleColor":4293257215,"secondaryTitleColor":4288915148,"section4Color":4279308825}},"onTap":{"clickTrackingParams":"CDIQ0NAGGAAiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFjKAQTZF1Ah","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/watch?v=ziekARBo4yg","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_WATCH","rootVe":3832}},"watchEndpoint":{"videoId":"ziekARBo4yg","continuePlayback":true,"startTimeSeconds":0,"watchEndpointSupportedOnesieConfig":{"html5PlaybackOnesieConfig":{"commonConfig":{"url":"https://rr2---sn-fapo3ox25a-cq2l.googlevideo.com/initplayback?source=youtube\u0026oeis=1\u0026c=WEB\u0026oad=3200\u0026ovd=3200\u0026oaad=11000\u0026oavd=11000\u0026ocs=700\u0026oewis=1\u0026oputc=1\u0026ofpcc=1\u0026msp=1\u0026odepv=1\u0026id=ce27a4011068e328\u0026ip=27.34.72.167\u0026initcwndbps=1372500\u0026mt=1777291542\u0026oweuc=\u0026pxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ\u0026rxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzMw%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNA%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNg"}}}}},"trackingParams":"CDIQ0NAGGAAiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFg=","layout":"MACRO_MARKERS_LIST_ITEM_RENDERER_LAYOUT_VERTICAL","carouselType":"MACRO_MARKERS_LIST_ITEM_RENDERER_CAROUSEL_TYPE_DEFAULT","lightThemeColorSamplingPalette":{"baseBackground":4294180848,"raisedBackground":4294180848,"additiveBackground":559991109,"textPrimary":4279383561,"textSecondary":4282544949,"invertedBackground":4281172503,"overlayBackground":3423745545},"darkThemeColorSamplingPalette":{"baseBackground":4278721538,"raisedBackground":4279383561,"additiveBackground":727763269,"textPrimary":4293262304,"textSecondary":4290044073,"invertedBackground":4287816573,"overlayBackground":3423745545}}},{"macroMarkersListItemRenderer":{"title":{"simpleText":"Introduction"},"timeDescription":{"simpleText":"0:50"},"thumbnail":{"thumbnails":[{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/ziekARBo4yg/hqdefault_56900.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEbCKgBEF5IVfKriqkDDggBFQAAiEIYAXABwAEG\u0026rs=AOn4CLDrHk2cSfEsatLk7Y4SKeipJ-23FA","width":168,"height":94},{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/ziekARBo4yg/hqdefault_56900.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEcCNACELwBSFXyq4qpAw4IARUAAIhCGAFwAcABBg==\u0026rs=AOn4CLDgS4zKipo6i_nX_hCatuUE4ikV9g","width":336,"height":188}],"lightColorPalette":{"section1Color":4294705150,"section2Color":4294047992,"section3Color":4293391089,"primaryTitleColor":4279245081,"secondaryTitleColor":4282739561,"section4Color":4292733931},"darkColorPalette":{"section1Color":4278661937,"section2Color":4278527524,"section3Color":4278393112,"primaryTitleColor":4293263357,"secondaryTitleColor":4288924874,"section4Color":4278258700}},"onTap":{"clickTrackingParams":"CDEQ0NAGGAEiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFjKAQTZF1Ah","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/watch?v=ziekARBo4yg\u0026t=50s","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_WATCH","rootVe":3832}},"watchEndpoint":{"videoId":"ziekARBo4yg","continuePlayback":true,"startTimeSeconds":50,"watchEndpointSupportedOnesieConfig":{"html5PlaybackOnesieConfig":{"commonConfig":{"url":"https://rr2---sn-fapo3ox25a-cq2l.googlevideo.com/initplayback?source=youtube\u0026oeis=1\u0026c=WEB\u0026oad=3200\u0026ovd=3200\u0026oaad=11000\u0026oavd=11000\u0026ocs=700\u0026oewis=1\u0026oputc=1\u0026ofpcc=1\u0026msp=1\u0026odepv=1\u0026id=ce27a4011068e328\u0026ip=27.34.72.167\u0026osts=50\u0026initcwndbps=1372500\u0026mt=1777291542\u0026oweuc=\u0026pxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ\u0026rxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzMw%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNA%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNg"}}}}},"trackingParams":"CDEQ0NAGGAEiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFg=","layout":"MACRO_MARKERS_LIST_ITEM_RENDERER_LAYOUT_VERTICAL","carouselType":"MACRO_MARKERS_LIST_ITEM_RENDERER_CAROUSEL_TYPE_DEFAULT","lightThemeColorSamplingPalette":{"baseBackground":4294180848,"raisedBackground":4294180848,"additiveBackground":559991109,"textPrimary":4279383561,"textSecondary":4282544949,"invertedBackground":4281172503,"overlayBackground":3423745545},"darkThemeColorSamplingPalette":{"baseBackground":4278721538,"raisedBackground":4279383561,"additiveBackground":727763269,"textPrimary":4293262304,"textSecondary":4290044073,"invertedBackground":4287816573,"overlayBackground":3423745545}}},{"macroMarkersListItemRenderer":{"title":{"simpleText":"LinkedIn and Pinterest publishing in Express"},"timeDescription":{"simpleText":"3:38"},"thumbnail":{"thumbnails":[{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/ziekARBo4yg/hqdefault_240933.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEbCKgBEF5IVfKriqkDDggBFQAAiEIYAXABwAEG\u0026rs=AOn4CLC-z8I6GK1nQ3GTwCKIugCyKiBILg","width":168,"height":94},{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/ziekARBo4yg/hqdefault_240933.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEcCNACELwBSFXyq4qpAw4IARUAAIhCGAFwAcABBg==\u0026rs=AOn4CLAGsRPWNJyb3jrhxT8Wdq-EJj8TSQ","width":336,"height":188}],"lightColorPalette":{"section1Color":4294966523,"section2Color":4294505713,"section3Color":4294110183,"primaryTitleColor":4279833616,"secondaryTitleColor":4285881420,"section4Color":4293649373},"darkColorPalette":{"section1Color":4282329628,"section2Color":4281541142,"section3Color":4280686865,"primaryTitleColor":4294963173,"secondaryTitleColor":4291605411,"section4Color":4279832843}},"onTap":{"clickTrackingParams":"CDAQ0NAGGAIiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFjKAQTZF1Ah","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/watch?v=ziekARBo4yg\u0026t=218s","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_WATCH","rootVe":3832}},"watchEndpoint":{"videoId":"ziekARBo4yg","continuePlayback":true,"startTimeSeconds":218,"watchEndpointSupportedOnesieConfig":{"html5PlaybackOnesieConfig":{"commonConfig":{"url":"https://rr2---sn-fapo3ox25a-cq2l.googlevideo.com/initplayback?source=youtube\u0026oeis=1\u0026c=WEB\u0026oad=3200\u0026ovd=3200\u0026oaad=11000\u0026oavd=11000\u0026ocs=700\u0026oewis=1\u0026oputc=1\u0026ofpcc=1\u0026msp=1\u0026odepv=1\u0026id=ce27a4011068e328\u0026ip=27.34.72.167\u0026osts=218\u0026initcwndbps=1372500\u0026mt=1777291542\u0026oweuc=\u0026pxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ\u0026rxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzMw%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNA%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNg"}}}}},"trackingParams":"CDAQ0NAGGAIiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFg=","layout":"MACRO_MARKERS_LIST_ITEM_RENDERER_LAYOUT_VERTICAL","carouselType":"MACRO_MARKERS_LIST_ITEM_RENDERER_CAROUSEL_TYPE_DEFAULT","lightThemeColorSamplingPalette":{"baseBackground":4294180848,"raisedBackground":4294180848,"additiveBackground":559991109,"textPrimary":4279383561,"textSecondary":4282544949,"invertedBackground":4281172503,"overlayBackground":3423745545},"darkThemeColorSamplingPalette":{"baseBackground":4278721538,"raisedBackground":4279383561,"additiveBackground":727763269,"textPrimary":4293262304,"textSecondary":4290044073,"invertedBackground":4287816573,"overlayBackground":3423745545}}},{"macroMarkersListItemRenderer":{"title":{"simpleText":"Instagram advertising"},"timeDescription":{"simpleText":"5:14"},"thumbnail":{"thumbnails":[{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/ziekARBo4yg/hqdefault_320766.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEbCKgBEF5IVfKriqkDDggBFQAAiEIYAXABwAEG\u0026rs=AOn4CLCf2faskmSgZDbHeTgqzdR46kY0Xw","width":168,"height":94},{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/ziekARBo4yg/hqdefault_320766.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEcCNACELwBSFXyq4qpAw4IARUAAIhCGAFwAcABBg==\u0026rs=AOn4CLCCispZOQUk-k1cwYIPWfCpIiYjkQ","width":336,"height":188}],"lightColorPalette":{"section1Color":4294966267,"section2Color":4294504945,"section3Color":4294109160,"primaryTitleColor":4279832593,"secondaryTitleColor":4286534231,"section4Color":4293647839},"darkColorPalette":{"section1Color":4282321166,"section2Color":4281534219,"section3Color":4280681736,"primaryTitleColor":4294960615,"secondaryTitleColor":4291601318,"section4Color":4279829253}},"onTap":{"clickTrackingParams":"CC8Q0NAGGAMiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFjKAQTZF1Ah","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/watch?v=ziekARBo4yg\u0026t=314s\u0026pp=0gcJCREDDuyUWbzu","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_WATCH","rootVe":3832}},"watchEndpoint":{"videoId":"ziekARBo4yg","continuePlayback":true,"startTimeSeconds":314,"playerParams":"0gcJCREDDuyUWbzu","watchEndpointSupportedOnesieConfig":{"html5PlaybackOnesieConfig":{"commonConfig":{"url":"https://rr2---sn-fapo3ox25a-cq2l.googlevideo.com/initplayback?source=youtube\u0026oeis=1\u0026c=WEB\u0026oad=3200\u0026ovd=3200\u0026oaad=11000\u0026oavd=11000\u0026ocs=700\u0026oewis=1\u0026oputc=1\u0026ofpcc=1\u0026msp=1\u0026odepv=1\u0026id=ce27a4011068e328\u0026ip=27.34.72.167\u0026osts=314\u0026initcwndbps=1372500\u0026mt=1777291542\u0026oweuc=\u0026pxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ\u0026rxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzMw%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNA%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNg"}}}}},"trackingParams":"CC8Q0NAGGAMiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFg=","layout":"MACRO_MARKERS_LIST_ITEM_RENDERER_LAYOUT_VERTICAL","carouselType":"MACRO_MARKERS_LIST_ITEM_RENDERER_CAROUSEL_TYPE_DEFAULT","lightThemeColorSamplingPalette":{"baseBackground":4294180848,"raisedBackground":4294180848,"additiveBackground":559991109,"textPrimary":4279383561,"textSecondary":4282544949,"invertedBackground":4281172503,"overlayBackground":3423745545},"darkThemeColorSamplingPalette":{"baseBackground":4278721538,"raisedBackground":4279383561,"additiveBackground":727763269,"textPrimary":4293262304,"textSecondary":4290044073,"invertedBackground":4287816573,"overlayBackground":3423745545}}},{"macroMarkersListItemRenderer":{"title":{"simpleText":"Instagram Reels"},"timeDescription":{"simpleText":"7:10"},"thumbnail":{"thumbnails":[{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/ziekARBo4yg/hqdefault_430833.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEbCKgBEF5IVfKriqkDDggBFQAAiEIYAXABwAEG\u0026rs=AOn4CLDs99IiM4UajEVh919IPLWkpj35AA","width":168,"height":94},{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/ziekARBo4yg/hqdefault_430833.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEcCNACELwBSFXyq4qpAw4IARUAAIhCGAFwAcABBg==\u0026rs=AOn4CLAU3ey11-yeDOpP4CU-tNJ5a6yz6g","width":336,"height":188}],"lightColorPalette":{"section1Color":4294966267,"section2Color":4294504945,"section3Color":4294109160,"primaryTitleColor":4279832593,"secondaryTitleColor":4286534231,"section4Color":4293647839},"darkColorPalette":{"section1Color":4282321166,"section2Color":4281534219,"section3Color":4280681736,"primaryTitleColor":4294960615,"secondaryTitleColor":4291601319,"section4Color":4279829253}},"onTap":{"clickTrackingParams":"CC4Q0NAGGAQiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFjKAQTZF1Ah","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/watch?v=ziekARBo4yg\u0026t=430s","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_WATCH","rootVe":3832}},"watchEndpoint":{"videoId":"ziekARBo4yg","continuePlayback":true,"startTimeSeconds":430,"watchEndpointSupportedOnesieConfig":{"html5PlaybackOnesieConfig":{"commonConfig":{"url":"https://rr2---sn-fapo3ox25a-cq2l.googlevideo.com/initplayback?source=youtube\u0026oeis=1\u0026c=WEB\u0026oad=3200\u0026ovd=3200\u0026oaad=11000\u0026oavd=11000\u0026ocs=700\u0026oewis=1\u0026oputc=1\u0026ofpcc=1\u0026msp=1\u0026odepv=1\u0026id=ce27a4011068e328\u0026ip=27.34.72.167\u0026osts=430\u0026initcwndbps=1372500\u0026mt=1777291542\u0026oweuc=\u0026pxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ\u0026rxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzMw%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNA%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNg"}}}}},"trackingParams":"CC4Q0NAGGAQiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFg=","layout":"MACRO_MARKERS_LIST_ITEM_RENDERER_LAYOUT_VERTICAL","carouselType":"MACRO_MARKERS_LIST_ITEM_RENDERER_CAROUSEL_TYPE_DEFAULT","lightThemeColorSamplingPalette":{"baseBackground":4294180848,"raisedBackground":4294180848,"additiveBackground":559991109,"textPrimary":4279383561,"textSecondary":4282544949,"invertedBackground":4281172503,"overlayBackground":3423745545},"darkThemeColorSamplingPalette":{"baseBackground":4278721538,"raisedBackground":4279383561,"additiveBackground":727763269,"textPrimary":4293262304,"textSecondary":4290044073,"invertedBackground":4287816573,"overlayBackground":3423745545}}},{"macroMarkersListItemRenderer":{"title":{"simpleText":"Reels vs TikTok vs LinkedIn"},"timeDescription":{"simpleText":"9:30"},"thumbnail":{"thumbnails":[{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/ziekARBo4yg/hqdefault_572200.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEbCKgBEF5IVfKriqkDDggBFQAAiEIYAXABwAEG\u0026rs=AOn4CLBzzqy7jh7a6Sj529KkrLfYjaARUg","width":168,"height":94},{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/ziekARBo4yg/hqdefault_572200.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEcCNACELwBSFXyq4qpAw4IARUAAIhCGAFwAcABBg==\u0026rs=AOn4CLCbxy9ajmLaMHSP4ODHd-DoJw9kWQ","width":336,"height":188}],"lightColorPalette":{"section1Color":4294967295,"section2Color":4294440951,"section3Color":4293914607,"primaryTitleColor":4279834905,"secondaryTitleColor":4284835173,"section4Color":4293454056},"darkColorPalette":{"section1Color":4282335039,"section2Color":4281545523,"section3Color":4280690214,"primaryTitleColor":4294967295,"secondaryTitleColor":4291611852,"section4Color":4279834905}},"onTap":{"clickTrackingParams":"CC0Q0NAGGAUiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFjKAQTZF1Ah","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/watch?v=ziekARBo4yg\u0026t=570s","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_WATCH","rootVe":3832}},"watchEndpoint":{"videoId":"ziekARBo4yg","continuePlayback":true,"startTimeSeconds":570,"watchEndpointSupportedOnesieConfig":{"html5PlaybackOnesieConfig":{"commonConfig":{"url":"https://rr2---sn-fapo3ox25a-cq2l.googlevideo.com/initplayback?source=youtube\u0026oeis=1\u0026c=WEB\u0026oad=3200\u0026ovd=3200\u0026oaad=11000\u0026oavd=11000\u0026ocs=700\u0026oewis=1\u0026oputc=1\u0026ofpcc=1\u0026msp=1\u0026odepv=1\u0026id=ce27a4011068e328\u0026ip=27.34.72.167\u0026osts=570\u0026initcwndbps=1372500\u0026mt=1777291542\u0026oweuc=\u0026pxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ\u0026rxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzMw%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNA%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNg"}}}}},"trackingParams":"CC0Q0NAGGAUiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFg=","layout":"MACRO_MARKERS_LIST_ITEM_RENDERER_LAYOUT_VERTICAL","carouselType":"MACRO_MARKERS_LIST_ITEM_RENDERER_CAROUSEL_TYPE_DEFAULT","lightThemeColorSamplingPalette":{"baseBackground":4294180848,"raisedBackground":4294180848,"additiveBackground":559991109,"textPrimary":4279383561,"textSecondary":4282544949,"invertedBackground":4281172503,"overlayBackground":3423745545},"darkThemeColorSamplingPalette":{"baseBackground":4278721538,"raisedBackground":4279383561,"additiveBackground":727763269,"textPrimary":4293262304,"textSecondary":4290044073,"invertedBackground":4287816573,"overlayBackground":3423745545}}},{"macroMarkersListItemRenderer":{"title":{"simpleText":"Tips for post engagement"},"timeDescription":{"simpleText":"14:05"},"thumbnail":{"thumbnails":[{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/ziekARBo4yg/hqdefault_848300.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEbCKgBEF5IVfKriqkDDggBFQAAiEIYAXABwAEG\u0026rs=AOn4CLAoPV_nM8VqnvKQMNG0UE69-TAcPQ","width":168,"height":94},{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/ziekARBo4yg/hqdefault_848300.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEcCNACELwBSFXyq4qpAw4IARUAAIhCGAFwAcABBg==\u0026rs=AOn4CLD8f5uTx07lLOZtz_n47vckjkAs4Q","width":336,"height":188}],"lightColorPalette":{"section1Color":4294966267,"section2Color":4294504946,"section3Color":4294109160,"primaryTitleColor":4279832593,"secondaryTitleColor":4286534233,"section4Color":4293647839},"darkColorPalette":{"section1Color":4282321169,"section2Color":4281534222,"section3Color":4280681738,"primaryTitleColor":4294960617,"secondaryTitleColor":4291601321,"section4Color":4279829255}},"onTap":{"clickTrackingParams":"CCwQ0NAGGAYiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFjKAQTZF1Ah","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/watch?v=ziekARBo4yg\u0026t=845s","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_WATCH","rootVe":3832}},"watchEndpoint":{"videoId":"ziekARBo4yg","continuePlayback":true,"startTimeSeconds":845,"watchEndpointSupportedOnesieConfig":{"html5PlaybackOnesieConfig":{"commonConfig":{"url":"https://rr2---sn-fapo3ox25a-cq2l.googlevideo.com/initplayback?source=youtube\u0026oeis=1\u0026c=WEB\u0026oad=3200\u0026ovd=3200\u0026oaad=11000\u0026oavd=11000\u0026ocs=700\u0026oewis=1\u0026oputc=1\u0026ofpcc=1\u0026msp=1\u0026odepv=1\u0026id=ce27a4011068e328\u0026ip=27.34.72.167\u0026osts=845\u0026initcwndbps=1372500\u0026mt=1777291542\u0026oweuc=\u0026pxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ\u0026rxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzMw%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNA%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNg"}}}}},"trackingParams":"CCwQ0NAGGAYiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFg=","layout":"MACRO_MARKERS_LIST_ITEM_RENDERER_LAYOUT_VERTICAL","carouselType":"MACRO_MARKERS_LIST_ITEM_RENDERER_CAROUSEL_TYPE_DEFAULT","lightThemeColorSamplingPalette":{"baseBackground":4294180848,"raisedBackground":4294180848,"additiveBackground":559991109,"textPrimary":4279383561,"textSecondary":4282544949,"invertedBackground":4281172503,"overlayBackground":3423745545},"darkThemeColorSamplingPalette":{"baseBackground":4278721538,"raisedBackground":4279383561,"additiveBackground":727763269,"textPrimary":4293262304,"textSecondary":4290044073,"invertedBackground":4287816573,"overlayBackground":3423745545}}},{"macroMarkersListItemRenderer":{"title":{"simpleText":"Tiktok demographics and data"},"timeDescription":{"simpleText":"15:44"},"thumbnail":{"thumbnails":[{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/ziekARBo4yg/hqdefault_968133.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEbCKgBEF5IVfKriqkDDggBFQAAiEIYAXABwAEG\u0026rs=AOn4CLAaPNmJZVgitEJ9JU5V7j78XuBpRQ","width":168,"height":94},{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/ziekARBo4yg/hqdefault_968133.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEcCNACELwBSFXyq4qpAw4IARUAAIhCGAFwAcABBg==\u0026rs=AOn4CLAxEzpOYse5hXDbUaPIJCDiVYN8Tg","width":336,"height":188}],"lightColorPalette":{"section1Color":4294966269,"section2Color":4294504949,"section3Color":4294109165,"primaryTitleColor":4279832597,"secondaryTitleColor":4286534250,"section4Color":4293647845},"darkColorPalette":{"section1Color":4282324523,"section2Color":4281536803,"section3Color":4280683802,"primaryTitleColor":4294960626,"secondaryTitleColor":4291601336,"section4Color":4279830545}},"onTap":{"clickTrackingParams":"CCsQ0NAGGAciEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFjKAQTZF1Ah","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/watch?v=ziekARBo4yg\u0026t=944s\u0026pp=0gcJCREDDuyUWbzu","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_WATCH","rootVe":3832}},"watchEndpoint":{"videoId":"ziekARBo4yg","continuePlayback":true,"startTimeSeconds":944,"playerParams":"0gcJCREDDuyUWbzu","watchEndpointSupportedOnesieConfig":{"html5PlaybackOnesieConfig":{"commonConfig":{"url":"https://rr2---sn-fapo3ox25a-cq2l.googlevideo.com/initplayback?source=youtube\u0026oeis=1\u0026c=WEB\u0026oad=3200\u0026ovd=3200\u0026oaad=11000\u0026oavd=11000\u0026ocs=700\u0026oewis=1\u0026oputc=1\u0026ofpcc=1\u0026msp=1\u0026odepv=1\u0026id=ce27a4011068e328\u0026ip=27.34.72.167\u0026osts=944\u0026initcwndbps=1372500\u0026mt=1777291542\u0026oweuc=\u0026pxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ\u0026rxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzMw%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNA%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNg"}}}}},"trackingParams":"CCsQ0NAGGAciEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFg=","layout":"MACRO_MARKERS_LIST_ITEM_RENDERER_LAYOUT_VERTICAL","carouselType":"MACRO_MARKERS_LIST_ITEM_RENDERER_CAROUSEL_TYPE_DEFAULT","lightThemeColorSamplingPalette":{"baseBackground":4294180848,"raisedBackground":4294180848,"additiveBackground":559991109,"textPrimary":4279383561,"textSecondary":4282544949,"invertedBackground":4281172503,"overlayBackground":3423745545},"darkThemeColorSamplingPalette":{"baseBackground":4278721538,"raisedBackground":4279383561,"additiveBackground":727763269,"textPrimary":4293262304,"textSecondary":4290044073,"invertedBackground":4287816573,"overlayBackground":3423745545}}},{"macroMarkersListItemRenderer":{"title":{"simpleText":"Social media advertising"},"timeDescription":{"simpleText":"19:36"},"thumbnail":{"thumbnails":[{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/ziekARBo4yg/hqdefault_1191133.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEbCKgBEF5IVfKriqkDDggBFQAAiEIYAXABwAEG\u0026rs=AOn4CLChRA4wamYcsOW56RXFvdadZHkSYA","width":168,"height":94},{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/ziekARBo4yg/hqdefault_1191133.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEcCNACELwBSFXyq4qpAw4IARUAAIhCGAFwAcABBg==\u0026rs=AOn4CLAqv_lUrDUbt73EUfzk474hRzv66Q","width":336,"height":188}],"lightColorPalette":{"section1Color":4294835199,"section2Color":4294308344,"section3Color":4293781490,"primaryTitleColor":4279570457,"secondaryTitleColor":4285683332,"section4Color":4293320171},"darkColorPalette":{"section1Color":4281276479,"section2Color":4280685363,"section3Color":4280028710,"primaryTitleColor":4294239743,"secondaryTitleColor":4290487244,"section4Color":4279437593}},"onTap":{"clickTrackingParams":"CCoQ0NAGGAgiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFjKAQTZF1Ah","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/watch?v=ziekARBo4yg\u0026t=1176s","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_WATCH","rootVe":3832}},"watchEndpoint":{"videoId":"ziekARBo4yg","continuePlayback":true,"startTimeSeconds":1176,"watchEndpointSupportedOnesieConfig":{"html5PlaybackOnesieConfig":{"commonConfig":{"url":"https://rr2---sn-fapo3ox25a-cq2l.googlevideo.com/initplayback?source=youtube\u0026oeis=1\u0026c=WEB\u0026oad=3200\u0026ovd=3200\u0026oaad=11000\u0026oavd=11000\u0026ocs=700\u0026oewis=1\u0026oputc=1\u0026ofpcc=1\u0026msp=1\u0026odepv=1\u0026id=ce27a4011068e328\u0026ip=27.34.72.167\u0026osts=1176\u0026initcwndbps=1372500\u0026mt=1777291542\u0026oweuc=\u0026pxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ\u0026rxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzMw%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNA%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNg"}}}}},"trackingParams":"CCoQ0NAGGAgiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFg=","layout":"MACRO_MARKERS_LIST_ITEM_RENDERER_LAYOUT_VERTICAL","carouselType":"MACRO_MARKERS_LIST_ITEM_RENDERER_CAROUSEL_TYPE_DEFAULT","lightThemeColorSamplingPalette":{"baseBackground":4294180848,"raisedBackground":4294180848,"additiveBackground":559991109,"textPrimary":4279383561,"textSecondary":4282544949,"invertedBackground":4281172503,"overlayBackground":3423745545},"darkThemeColorSamplingPalette":{"baseBackground":4278721538,"raisedBackground":4279383561,"additiveBackground":727763269,"textPrimary":4293262304,"textSecondary":4290044073,"invertedBackground":4287816573,"overlayBackground":3423745545}}},{"macroMarkersListItemRenderer":{"title":{"simpleText":"Creator earnings"},"timeDescription":{"simpleText":"21:42"},"thumbnail":{"thumbnails":[{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/ziekARBo4yg/hqdefault_1310066.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEbCKgBEF5IVfKriqkDDggBFQAAiEIYAXABwAEG\u0026rs=AOn4CLCfE3ImEo1CsR6nJUgCkHUW5RwwOQ","width":168,"height":94},{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/ziekARBo4yg/hqdefault_1310066.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEcCNACELwBSFXyq4qpAw4IARUAAIhCGAFwAcABBg==\u0026rs=AOn4CLBlq7J9gZAs96E8DGwBwOowT7DK5A","width":336,"height":188}],"lightColorPalette":{"section1Color":4294835199,"section2Color":4294308344,"section3Color":4293781490,"primaryTitleColor":4279570457,"secondaryTitleColor":4285617796,"section4Color":4293320171},"darkColorPalette":{"section1Color":4281276479,"section2Color":4280685363,"section3Color":4280028710,"primaryTitleColor":4294239743,"secondaryTitleColor":4290487244,"section4Color":4279437593}},"onTap":{"clickTrackingParams":"CCkQ0NAGGAkiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFjKAQTZF1Ah","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/watch?v=ziekARBo4yg\u0026t=1302s","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_WATCH","rootVe":3832}},"watchEndpoint":{"videoId":"ziekARBo4yg","continuePlayback":true,"startTimeSeconds":1302,"watchEndpointSupportedOnesieConfig":{"html5PlaybackOnesieConfig":{"commonConfig":{"url":"https://rr2---sn-fapo3ox25a-cq2l.googlevideo.com/initplayback?source=youtube\u0026oeis=1\u0026c=WEB\u0026oad=3200\u0026ovd=3200\u0026oaad=11000\u0026oavd=11000\u0026ocs=700\u0026oewis=1\u0026oputc=1\u0026ofpcc=1\u0026msp=1\u0026odepv=1\u0026id=ce27a4011068e328\u0026ip=27.34.72.167\u0026osts=1302\u0026initcwndbps=1372500\u0026mt=1777291542\u0026oweuc=\u0026pxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ\u0026rxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzMw%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNA%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNg"}}}}},"trackingParams":"CCkQ0NAGGAkiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFg=","layout":"MACRO_MARKERS_LIST_ITEM_RENDERER_LAYOUT_VERTICAL","carouselType":"MACRO_MARKERS_LIST_ITEM_RENDERER_CAROUSEL_TYPE_DEFAULT","lightThemeColorSamplingPalette":{"baseBackground":4294180848,"raisedBackground":4294180848,"additiveBackground":559991109,"textPrimary":4279383561,"textSecondary":4282544949,"invertedBackground":4281172503,"overlayBackground":3423745545},"darkThemeColorSamplingPalette":{"baseBackground":4278721538,"raisedBackground":4279383561,"additiveBackground":727763269,"textPrimary":4293262304,"textSecondary":4290044073,"invertedBackground":4287816573,"overlayBackground":3423745545}}},{"macroMarkersListItemRenderer":{"title":{"simpleText":"Social media brand discovery"},"timeDescription":{"simpleText":"26:20"},"thumbnail":{"thumbnails":[{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/ziekARBo4yg/hqdefault_1592166.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEbCKgBEF5IVfKriqkDDggBFQAAiEIYAXABwAEG\u0026rs=AOn4CLDyiYPlphX632WnX9IYZQecRG_bVA","width":168,"height":94},{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/ziekARBo4yg/hqdefault_1592166.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEcCNACELwBSFXyq4qpAw4IARUAAIhCGAFwAcABBg==\u0026rs=AOn4CLAHDUZfsznE3Fkw8uW7wn8ckHQi0A","width":336,"height":188}],"lightColorPalette":{"section1Color":4294835199,"section2Color":4294308344,"section3Color":4293781490,"primaryTitleColor":4279570457,"secondaryTitleColor":4285617796,"section4Color":4293320171},"darkColorPalette":{"section1Color":4281276223,"section2Color":4280685363,"section3Color":4280028710,"primaryTitleColor":4294239743,"secondaryTitleColor":4290487244,"section4Color":4279437593}},"onTap":{"clickTrackingParams":"CCgQ0NAGGAoiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFjKAQTZF1Ah","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/watch?v=ziekARBo4yg\u0026t=1580s","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_WATCH","rootVe":3832}},"watchEndpoint":{"videoId":"ziekARBo4yg","continuePlayback":true,"startTimeSeconds":1580,"watchEndpointSupportedOnesieConfig":{"html5PlaybackOnesieConfig":{"commonConfig":{"url":"https://rr2---sn-fapo3ox25a-cq2l.googlevideo.com/initplayback?source=youtube\u0026oeis=1\u0026c=WEB\u0026oad=3200\u0026ovd=3200\u0026oaad=11000\u0026oavd=11000\u0026ocs=700\u0026oewis=1\u0026oputc=1\u0026ofpcc=1\u0026msp=1\u0026odepv=1\u0026id=ce27a4011068e328\u0026ip=27.34.72.167\u0026osts=1580\u0026initcwndbps=1372500\u0026mt=1777291542\u0026oweuc=\u0026pxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ\u0026rxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzMw%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNA%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNg"}}}}},"trackingParams":"CCgQ0NAGGAoiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFg=","layout":"MACRO_MARKERS_LIST_ITEM_RENDERER_LAYOUT_VERTICAL","carouselType":"MACRO_MARKERS_LIST_ITEM_RENDERER_CAROUSEL_TYPE_DEFAULT","lightThemeColorSamplingPalette":{"baseBackground":4294180848,"raisedBackground":4294180848,"additiveBackground":559991109,"textPrimary":4279383561,"textSecondary":4282544949,"invertedBackground":4281172503,"overlayBackground":3423745545},"darkThemeColorSamplingPalette":{"baseBackground":4278721538,"raisedBackground":4279383561,"additiveBackground":727763269,"textPrimary":4293262304,"textSecondary":4290044073,"invertedBackground":4287816573,"overlayBackground":3423745545}}},{"macroMarkersListItemRenderer":{"title":{"simpleText":"Videos and Reels"},"timeDescription":{"simpleText":"31:30"},"thumbnail":{"thumbnails":[{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/ziekARBo4yg/hqdefault_1897133.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEbCKgBEF5IVfKriqkDDggBFQAAiEIYAXABwAEG\u0026rs=AOn4CLASi4FBTNwa5jKnw19G37qG7QmzBw","width":168,"height":94},{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/ziekARBo4yg/hqdefault_1897133.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEcCNACELwBSFXyq4qpAw4IARUAAIhCGAFwAcABBg==\u0026rs=AOn4CLBScx4uv3wQU9sYo-aBWKlKPFZhEg","width":336,"height":188}],"lightColorPalette":{"section1Color":4294966269,"section2Color":4294504950,"section3Color":4294109166,"primaryTitleColor":4279832598,"secondaryTitleColor":4286534256,"section4Color":4293647847},"darkColorPalette":{"section1Color":4282321197,"section2Color":4281534244,"section3Color":4280681755,"primaryTitleColor":4294960630,"secondaryTitleColor":4291601342,"section4Color":4279829266}},"onTap":{"clickTrackingParams":"CCcQ0NAGGAsiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFjKAQTZF1Ah","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/watch?v=ziekARBo4yg\u0026t=1890s","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_WATCH","rootVe":3832}},"watchEndpoint":{"videoId":"ziekARBo4yg","continuePlayback":true,"startTimeSeconds":1890,"watchEndpointSupportedOnesieConfig":{"html5PlaybackOnesieConfig":{"commonConfig":{"url":"https://rr2---sn-fapo3ox25a-cq2l.googlevideo.com/initplayback?source=youtube\u0026oeis=1\u0026c=WEB\u0026oad=3200\u0026ovd=3200\u0026oaad=11000\u0026oavd=11000\u0026ocs=700\u0026oewis=1\u0026oputc=1\u0026ofpcc=1\u0026msp=1\u0026odepv=1\u0026id=ce27a4011068e328\u0026ip=27.34.72.167\u0026osts=1890\u0026initcwndbps=1372500\u0026mt=1777291542\u0026oweuc=\u0026pxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ\u0026rxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzMw%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNA%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNg"}}}}},"trackingParams":"CCcQ0NAGGAsiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFg=","layout":"MACRO_MARKERS_LIST_ITEM_RENDERER_LAYOUT_VERTICAL","carouselType":"MACRO_MARKERS_LIST_ITEM_RENDERER_CAROUSEL_TYPE_DEFAULT","lightThemeColorSamplingPalette":{"baseBackground":4294180848,"raisedBackground":4294180848,"additiveBackground":559991109,"textPrimary":4279383561,"textSecondary":4282544949,"invertedBackground":4281172503,"overlayBackground":3423745545},"darkThemeColorSamplingPalette":{"baseBackground":4278721538,"raisedBackground":4279383561,"additiveBackground":727763269,"textPrimary":4293262304,"textSecondary":4290044073,"invertedBackground":4287816573,"overlayBackground":3423745545}}},{"macroMarkersListItemRenderer":{"title":{"simpleText":"Templates for IG reels"},"timeDescription":{"simpleText":"34:50"},"thumbnail":{"thumbnails":[{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/ziekARBo4yg/hqdefault_2093100.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEbCKgBEF5IVfKriqkDDggBFQAAiEIYAXABwAEG\u0026rs=AOn4CLDhW5PUQ1Q0HUHwuMmECoo5W8X7GA","width":168,"height":94},{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/ziekARBo4yg/hqdefault_2093100.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEcCNACELwBSFXyq4qpAw4IARUAAIhCGAFwAcABBg==\u0026rs=AOn4CLCyrpPfzjYGD5R-00q-AVFAxjFVEA","width":336,"height":188}],"lightColorPalette":{"section1Color":4294967295,"section2Color":4294440951,"section3Color":4293914607,"primaryTitleColor":4279834905,"secondaryTitleColor":4284835173,"section4Color":4293454056},"darkColorPalette":{"section1Color":4282335039,"section2Color":4281545523,"section3Color":4280690214,"primaryTitleColor":4294967295,"secondaryTitleColor":4291611852,"section4Color":4279834905}},"onTap":{"clickTrackingParams":"CCYQ0NAGGAwiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFjKAQTZF1Ah","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/watch?v=ziekARBo4yg\u0026t=2090s","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_WATCH","rootVe":3832}},"watchEndpoint":{"videoId":"ziekARBo4yg","continuePlayback":true,"startTimeSeconds":2090,"watchEndpointSupportedOnesieConfig":{"html5PlaybackOnesieConfig":{"commonConfig":{"url":"https://rr2---sn-fapo3ox25a-cq2l.googlevideo.com/initplayback?source=youtube\u0026oeis=1\u0026c=WEB\u0026oad=3200\u0026ovd=3200\u0026oaad=11000\u0026oavd=11000\u0026ocs=700\u0026oewis=1\u0026oputc=1\u0026ofpcc=1\u0026msp=1\u0026odepv=1\u0026id=ce27a4011068e328\u0026ip=27.34.72.167\u0026osts=2090\u0026initcwndbps=1372500\u0026mt=1777291542\u0026oweuc=\u0026pxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ\u0026rxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzMw%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNA%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNg"}}}}},"trackingParams":"CCYQ0NAGGAwiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFg=","layout":"MACRO_MARKERS_LIST_ITEM_RENDERER_LAYOUT_VERTICAL","carouselType":"MACRO_MARKERS_LIST_ITEM_RENDERER_CAROUSEL_TYPE_DEFAULT","lightThemeColorSamplingPalette":{"baseBackground":4294180848,"raisedBackground":4294180848,"additiveBackground":559991109,"textPrimary":4279383561,"textSecondary":4282544949,"invertedBackground":4281172503,"overlayBackground":3423745545},"darkThemeColorSamplingPalette":{"baseBackground":4278721538,"raisedBackground":4279383561,"additiveBackground":727763269,"textPrimary":4293262304,"textSecondary":4290044073,"invertedBackground":4287816573,"overlayBackground":3423745545}}},{"macroMarkersListItemRenderer":{"title":{"simpleText":"IG dual mode"},"timeDescription":{"simpleText":"36:45"},"thumbnail":{"thumbnails":[{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/ziekARBo4yg/hqdefault_2223966.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEbCKgBEF5IVfKriqkDDggBFQAAiEIYAXABwAEG\u0026rs=AOn4CLDIgJAE_Gwr1qKE2VnfG-uvqwvLmg","width":168,"height":94},{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/ziekARBo4yg/hqdefault_2223966.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEcCNACELwBSFXyq4qpAw4IARUAAIhCGAFwAcABBg==\u0026rs=AOn4CLDu-AKY1UDkK8M7IxDmF5I1w2ACsQ","width":336,"height":188}],"lightColorPalette":{"section1Color":4294835199,"section2Color":4294308344,"section3Color":4293781490,"primaryTitleColor":4279570457,"secondaryTitleColor":4285617796,"section4Color":4293320171},"darkColorPalette":{"section1Color":4281276223,"section2Color":4280619571,"section3Color":4280028710,"primaryTitleColor":4294239743,"secondaryTitleColor":4290487244,"section4Color":4279372057}},"onTap":{"clickTrackingParams":"CCUQ0NAGGA0iEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFjKAQTZF1Ah","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/watch?v=ziekARBo4yg\u0026t=2205s","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_WATCH","rootVe":3832}},"watchEndpoint":{"videoId":"ziekARBo4yg","continuePlayback":true,"startTimeSeconds":2205,"watchEndpointSupportedOnesieConfig":{"html5PlaybackOnesieConfig":{"commonConfig":{"url":"https://rr2---sn-fapo3ox25a-cq2l.googlevideo.com/initplayback?source=youtube\u0026oeis=1\u0026c=WEB\u0026oad=3200\u0026ovd=3200\u0026oaad=11000\u0026oavd=11000\u0026ocs=700\u0026oewis=1\u0026oputc=1\u0026ofpcc=1\u0026msp=1\u0026odepv=1\u0026id=ce27a4011068e328\u0026ip=27.34.72.167\u0026osts=2205\u0026initcwndbps=1372500\u0026mt=1777291542\u0026oweuc=\u0026pxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ\u0026rxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzMw%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNA%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNg"}}}}},"trackingParams":"CCUQ0NAGGA0iEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFg=","layout":"MACRO_MARKERS_LIST_ITEM_RENDERER_LAYOUT_VERTICAL","carouselType":"MACRO_MARKERS_LIST_ITEM_RENDERER_CAROUSEL_TYPE_DEFAULT","lightThemeColorSamplingPalette":{"baseBackground":4294180848,"raisedBackground":4294180848,"additiveBackground":559991109,"textPrimary":4279383561,"textSecondary":4282544949,"invertedBackground":4281172503,"overlayBackground":3423745545},"darkThemeColorSamplingPalette":{"baseBackground":4278721538,"raisedBackground":4279383561,"additiveBackground":727763269,"textPrimary":4293262304,"textSecondary":4290044073,"invertedBackground":4287816573,"overlayBackground":3423745545}}},{"macroMarkersListItemRenderer":{"title":{"simpleText":"Instagram Reels boosting"},"timeDescription":{"simpleText":"40:05"},"thumbnail":{"thumbnails":[{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/ziekARBo4yg/hqdefault_2405033.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEbCKgBEF5IVfKriqkDDggBFQAAiEIYAXABwAEG\u0026rs=AOn4CLBm6K7qHK_c9eCB3xDmfqWNfbVTIg","width":168,"height":94},{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/ziekARBo4yg/hqdefault_2405033.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEcCNACELwBSFXyq4qpAw4IARUAAIhCGAFwAcABBg==\u0026rs=AOn4CLDaC62LRUq-sQtBK89KUA3fh4uaBw","width":336,"height":188}],"lightColorPalette":{"section1Color":4294835199,"section2Color":4294308344,"section3Color":4293781490,"primaryTitleColor":4279570457,"secondaryTitleColor":4285617796,"section4Color":4293320171},"darkColorPalette":{"section1Color":4281276223,"section2Color":4280619827,"section3Color":4280028710,"primaryTitleColor":4294239743,"secondaryTitleColor":4290487244,"section4Color":4279372057}},"onTap":{"clickTrackingParams":"CCQQ0NAGGA4iEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFjKAQTZF1Ah","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/watch?v=ziekARBo4yg\u0026t=2405s","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_WATCH","rootVe":3832}},"watchEndpoint":{"videoId":"ziekARBo4yg","continuePlayback":true,"startTimeSeconds":2405,"watchEndpointSupportedOnesieConfig":{"html5PlaybackOnesieConfig":{"commonConfig":{"url":"https://rr2---sn-fapo3ox25a-cq2l.googlevideo.com/initplayback?source=youtube\u0026oeis=1\u0026c=WEB\u0026oad=3200\u0026ovd=3200\u0026oaad=11000\u0026oavd=11000\u0026ocs=700\u0026oewis=1\u0026oputc=1\u0026ofpcc=1\u0026msp=1\u0026odepv=1\u0026id=ce27a4011068e328\u0026ip=27.34.72.167\u0026osts=2405\u0026initcwndbps=1372500\u0026mt=1777291542\u0026oweuc=\u0026pxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ\u0026rxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzMw%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNA%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNg"}}}}},"trackingParams":"CCQQ0NAGGA4iEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFg=","layout":"MACRO_MARKERS_LIST_ITEM_RENDERER_LAYOUT_VERTICAL","carouselType":"MACRO_MARKERS_LIST_ITEM_RENDERER_CAROUSEL_TYPE_DEFAULT","lightThemeColorSamplingPalette":{"baseBackground":4294180848,"raisedBackground":4294180848,"additiveBackground":559991109,"textPrimary":4279383561,"textSecondary":4282544949,"invertedBackground":4281172503,"overlayBackground":3423745545},"darkThemeColorSamplingPalette":{"baseBackground":4278721538,"raisedBackground":4279383561,"additiveBackground":727763269,"textPrimary":4293262304,"textSecondary":4290044073,"invertedBackground":4287816573,"overlayBackground":3423745545}}},{"macroMarkersListItemRenderer":{"title":{"simpleText":"Instagram creator marketplace"},"timeDescription":{"simpleText":"42:35"},"thumbnail":{"thumbnails":[{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/ziekARBo4yg/hqdefault_2584966.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEbCKgBEF5IVfKriqkDDggBFQAAiEIYAXABwAEG\u0026rs=AOn4CLAzNLNH-IhP4wUYU6rvTUTaQM4qWg","width":168,"height":94},{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/ziekARBo4yg/hqdefault_2584966.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEcCNACELwBSFXyq4qpAw4IARUAAIhCGAFwAcABBg==\u0026rs=AOn4CLCVjNhzm0L-gccAjktaXarUsVHylQ","width":336,"height":188}],"lightColorPalette":{"section1Color":4294967295,"section2Color":4294440951,"section3Color":4293914607,"primaryTitleColor":4279834905,"secondaryTitleColor":4284835173,"section4Color":4293454056},"darkColorPalette":{"section1Color":4282335039,"section2Color":4281545523,"section3Color":4280690214,"primaryTitleColor":4294967295,"secondaryTitleColor":4291611852,"section4Color":4279834905}},"onTap":{"clickTrackingParams":"CCMQ0NAGGA8iEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFjKAQTZF1Ah","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/watch?v=ziekARBo4yg\u0026t=2555s","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_WATCH","rootVe":3832}},"watchEndpoint":{"videoId":"ziekARBo4yg","continuePlayback":true,"startTimeSeconds":2555,"watchEndpointSupportedOnesieConfig":{"html5PlaybackOnesieConfig":{"commonConfig":{"url":"https://rr2---sn-fapo3ox25a-cq2l.googlevideo.com/initplayback?source=youtube\u0026oeis=1\u0026c=WEB\u0026oad=3200\u0026ovd=3200\u0026oaad=11000\u0026oavd=11000\u0026ocs=700\u0026oewis=1\u0026oputc=1\u0026ofpcc=1\u0026msp=1\u0026odepv=1\u0026id=ce27a4011068e328\u0026ip=27.34.72.167\u0026osts=2555\u0026initcwndbps=1372500\u0026mt=1777291542\u0026oweuc=\u0026pxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ\u0026rxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzMw%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNA%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNg"}}}}},"trackingParams":"CCMQ0NAGGA8iEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFg=","layout":"MACRO_MARKERS_LIST_ITEM_RENDERER_LAYOUT_VERTICAL","carouselType":"MACRO_MARKERS_LIST_ITEM_RENDERER_CAROUSEL_TYPE_DEFAULT","lightThemeColorSamplingPalette":{"baseBackground":4294180848,"raisedBackground":4294180848,"additiveBackground":559991109,"textPrimary":4279383561,"textSecondary":4282544949,"invertedBackground":4281172503,"overlayBackground":3423745545},"darkThemeColorSamplingPalette":{"baseBackground":4278721538,"raisedBackground":4279383561,"additiveBackground":727763269,"textPrimary":4293262304,"textSecondary":4290044073,"invertedBackground":4287816573,"overlayBackground":3423745545}}},{"macroMarkersListItemRenderer":{"title":{"simpleText":"Changes to Facebook"},"timeDescription":{"simpleText":"45:35"},"thumbnail":{"thumbnails":[{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/ziekARBo4yg/hqdefault_2758933.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEbCKgBEF5IVfKriqkDDggBFQAAiEIYAXABwAEG\u0026rs=AOn4CLC-oSgz4ghefSTzRLFDiSPKAIuTMA","width":168,"height":94},{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/ziekARBo4yg/hqdefault_2758933.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEcCNACELwBSFXyq4qpAw4IARUAAIhCGAFwAcABBg==\u0026rs=AOn4CLDrNFI8GphG0fYIysv33adu-n2Yvg","width":336,"height":188}],"lightColorPalette":{"section1Color":4294967295,"section2Color":4294440951,"section3Color":4293914607,"primaryTitleColor":4279834905,"secondaryTitleColor":4284835173,"section4Color":4293454056},"darkColorPalette":{"section1Color":4282335039,"section2Color":4281545523,"section3Color":4280690214,"primaryTitleColor":4294967295,"secondaryTitleColor":4291611852,"section4Color":4279834905}},"onTap":{"clickTrackingParams":"CCIQ0NAGGBAiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFjKAQTZF1Ah","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/watch?v=ziekARBo4yg\u0026t=2735s","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_WATCH","rootVe":3832}},"watchEndpoint":{"videoId":"ziekARBo4yg","continuePlayback":true,"startTimeSeconds":2735,"watchEndpointSupportedOnesieConfig":{"html5PlaybackOnesieConfig":{"commonConfig":{"url":"https://rr2---sn-fapo3ox25a-cq2l.googlevideo.com/initplayback?source=youtube\u0026oeis=1\u0026c=WEB\u0026oad=3200\u0026ovd=3200\u0026oaad=11000\u0026oavd=11000\u0026ocs=700\u0026oewis=1\u0026oputc=1\u0026ofpcc=1\u0026msp=1\u0026odepv=1\u0026id=ce27a4011068e328\u0026ip=27.34.72.167\u0026osts=2735\u0026initcwndbps=1372500\u0026mt=1777291542\u0026oweuc=\u0026pxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ\u0026rxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzMw%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNA%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNg"}}}}},"trackingParams":"CCIQ0NAGGBAiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFg=","layout":"MACRO_MARKERS_LIST_ITEM_RENDERER_LAYOUT_VERTICAL","carouselType":"MACRO_MARKERS_LIST_ITEM_RENDERER_CAROUSEL_TYPE_DEFAULT","lightThemeColorSamplingPalette":{"baseBackground":4294180848,"raisedBackground":4294180848,"additiveBackground":559991109,"textPrimary":4279383561,"textSecondary":4282544949,"invertedBackground":4281172503,"overlayBackground":3423745545},"darkThemeColorSamplingPalette":{"baseBackground":4278721538,"raisedBackground":4279383561,"additiveBackground":727763269,"textPrimary":4293262304,"textSecondary":4290044073,"invertedBackground":4287816573,"overlayBackground":3423745545}}},{"macroMarkersListItemRenderer":{"title":{"simpleText":"Social media updates"},"timeDescription":{"simpleText":"52:08"},"thumbnail":{"thumbnails":[{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/ziekARBo4yg/hqdefault_3140900.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEbCKgBEF5IVfKriqkDDggBFQAAiEIYAXABwAEG\u0026rs=AOn4CLAmyg6GXf20ovSEoHZ5PaFssyrvKw","width":168,"height":94},{"url":"https://i.ytimg.com/vi/ziekARBo4yg/hqdefault_3140900.jpg?sqp=-oaymwEcCNACELwBSFXyq4qpAw4IARUAAIhCGAFwAcABBg==\u0026rs=AOn4CLALE7R_9qy4R2p9Tu4ilGH9h0jc5g","width":336,"height":188}],"lightColorPalette":{"section1Color":4294967295,"section2Color":4294440951,"section3Color":4293914607,"primaryTitleColor":4279834905,"secondaryTitleColor":4284835173,"section4Color":4293454056},"darkColorPalette":{"section1Color":4282335039,"section2Color":4281545523,"section3Color":4280690214,"primaryTitleColor":4294967295,"secondaryTitleColor":4291611852,"section4Color":4279834905}},"onTap":{"clickTrackingParams":"CCEQ0NAGGBEiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFjKAQTZF1Ah","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/watch?v=ziekARBo4yg\u0026t=3128s","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_WATCH","rootVe":3832}},"watchEndpoint":{"videoId":"ziekARBo4yg","continuePlayback":true,"startTimeSeconds":3128,"watchEndpointSupportedOnesieConfig":{"html5PlaybackOnesieConfig":{"commonConfig":{"url":"https://rr2---sn-fapo3ox25a-cq2l.googlevideo.com/initplayback?source=youtube\u0026oeis=1\u0026c=WEB\u0026oad=3200\u0026ovd=3200\u0026oaad=11000\u0026oavd=11000\u0026ocs=700\u0026oewis=1\u0026oputc=1\u0026ofpcc=1\u0026msp=1\u0026odepv=1\u0026id=ce27a4011068e328\u0026ip=27.34.72.167\u0026osts=3128\u0026initcwndbps=1372500\u0026mt=1777291542\u0026oweuc=\u0026pxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ\u0026rxtags=Cg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzMw%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNA%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNQ%2CCg4KAnR4Egg1MTgxOTYzNg"}}}}},"trackingParams":"CCEQ0NAGGBEiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFg=","layout":"MACRO_MARKERS_LIST_ITEM_RENDERER_LAYOUT_VERTICAL","carouselType":"MACRO_MARKERS_LIST_ITEM_RENDERER_CAROUSEL_TYPE_DEFAULT","lightThemeColorSamplingPalette":{"baseBackground":4294180848,"raisedBackground":4294180848,"additiveBackground":559991109,"textPrimary":4279383561,"textSecondary":4282544949,"invertedBackground":4281172503,"overlayBackground":3423745545},"darkThemeColorSamplingPalette":{"baseBackground":4278721538,"raisedBackground":4279383561,"additiveBackground":727763269,"textPrimary":4293262304,"textSecondary":4290044073,"invertedBackground":4287816573,"overlayBackground":3423745545}}}],"trackingParams":"CB4QkVoYAyITCNqZzNqAjpQDFR5LOAUd_MYsWA==","header":{"richListHeaderRenderer":{"title":{"simpleText":"Chapters"},"trackingParams":"CB8QraoBIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","navigationButton":{"buttonRenderer":{"style":"STYLE_MONO_OUTLINE","text":{"simpleText":"View all"},"trackingParams":"CCAQsNAHIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","command":{"clickTrackingParams":"CCAQsNAHIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandExecutorCommand":{"commands":[{"clickTrackingParams":"CCAQsNAHIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","updateEngagementPanelContentCommand":{"targetPanelIdentifier":{"surface":"ENGAGEMENT_PANEL_SURFACE_WATCH","tag":"engagement-panel-timeline-view-consolidated"},"contentSourcePanelIdentifier":{"surface":"ENGAGEMENT_PANEL_SURFACE_WATCH","tag":"engagement-panel-macro-markers-description-chapters"}}},{"clickTrackingParams":"CCAQsNAHIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","updateTimedMarkersSyncObserverCommand":{"isEnabled":false,"timedSyncEntityKey":"Eh10aW1lbGluZV92aWV3X3N5bmNfZW50aXR5X2tleSD-ASgB","panelSyncEntityKey":"Eh10aW1lbGluZV92aWV3X3N5bmNfZW50aXR5X2tleSDEASgB"}},{"clickTrackingParams":"CCAQsNAHIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","entityUpdateCommand":{"entityBatchUpdate":{"mutations":[{"entityKey":"EiRlbmdhZ2VtZW50X3BhbmVsX2NoaXBzX2Jhcl9lbnRpdHlfaWQggwQoAQ%3D%3D","type":"ENTITY_MUTATION_TYPE_REPLACE","payload":{"chipBarStateEntity":{"key":"EiRlbmdhZ2VtZW50X3BhbmVsX2NoaXBzX2Jhcl9lbnRpdHlfaWQggwQoAQ%3D%3D","selectedIndex":0}}}]}}},{"clickTrackingParams":"CCAQsNAHIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","scrollToEngagementPanelCommand":{"panelIdentifier":{"tag":"engagement-panel-timeline-view-consolidated"}}}]}}}}}},"style":{"type":"HORIZONTAL_CARD_LIST_STYLE_TYPE_ENGAGEMENT_PANEL_SECTION"},"centerItems":false}},{"videoDescriptionTranscriptSectionRenderer":{"sectionTitle":{"runs":[{"text":"Transcript"}]},"subHeaderText":{"runs":[{"text":"Follow along using the transcript."}]},"primaryButton":{"buttonRenderer":{"style":"STYLE_SUGGESTIVE","size":"SIZE_DEFAULT","isDisabled":false,"text":{"runs":[{"text":"Show transcript"}]},"trackingParams":"CB0QtooIIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","command":{"clickTrackingParams":"CB0QtooIIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandExecutorCommand":{"commands":[{"clickTrackingParams":"CB0QtooIIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","updateEngagementPanelContentCommand":{"targetPanelIdentifier":{"surface":"ENGAGEMENT_PANEL_SURFACE_WATCH","tag":"engagement-panel-timeline-view-consolidated"},"contentSourcePanelIdentifier":{"surface":"ENGAGEMENT_PANEL_SURFACE_WATCH","tag":"engagement-panel-searchable-transcript"}}},{"clickTrackingParams":"CB0QtooIIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","updateTimedMarkersSyncObserverCommand":{"isEnabled":false,"timedSyncEntityKey":"Eh10aW1lbGluZV92aWV3X3N5bmNfZW50aXR5X2tleSD-ASgB","panelSyncEntityKey":"Eh10aW1lbGluZV92aWV3X3N5bmNfZW50aXR5X2tleSDEASgB"}},{"clickTrackingParams":"CB0QtooIIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","entityUpdateCommand":{"entityBatchUpdate":{"mutations":[{"entityKey":"EiRlbmdhZ2VtZW50X3BhbmVsX2NoaXBzX2Jhcl9lbnRpdHlfaWQggwQoAQ%3D%3D","type":"ENTITY_MUTATION_TYPE_REPLACE","payload":{"chipBarStateEntity":{"key":"EiRlbmdhZ2VtZW50X3BhbmVsX2NoaXBzX2Jhcl9lbnRpdHlfaWQggwQoAQ%3D%3D","selectedIndex":1}}}]}}},{"clickTrackingParams":"CB0QtooIIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","scrollToEngagementPanelCommand":{"panelIdentifier":{"tag":"engagement-panel-timeline-view-consolidated"}}}]}}}},"trackingParams":"CBwQ0YQIGAQiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFg="}},{"videoDescriptionInfocardsSectionRenderer":{"sectionTitle":{"simpleText":"Adobe Express"},"creatorVideosButton":{"buttonRenderer":{"style":"STYLE_INACTIVE_OUTLINE","size":"SIZE_DEFAULT","isDisabled":false,"text":{"simpleText":"Videos"},"icon":{"iconType":"MY_VIDEOS"},"trackingParams":"CBsQ8FsiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFg=","command":{"clickTrackingParams":"CBsQ8FsiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFjKAQTZF1Ah","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/channel/UCn5CtwAo7oeHULdlVl-HMKw/videos","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_CHANNEL","rootVe":3611,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/browse"}},"browseEndpoint":{"browseId":"UCn5CtwAo7oeHULdlVl-HMKw","params":"EgZ2aWRlb3PyBgkKBzoAogECCAE%3D"}}}},"creatorAboutButton":{"buttonRenderer":{"style":"STYLE_INACTIVE_OUTLINE","size":"SIZE_DEFAULT","isDisabled":false,"text":{"simpleText":"About"},"icon":{"iconType":"ACCOUNT_BOX"},"trackingParams":"CBoQ8FsiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFg=","command":{"clickTrackingParams":"CBoQ8FsiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFjKAQTZF1Ah","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/channel/UCn5CtwAo7oeHULdlVl-HMKw/about","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_CHANNEL","rootVe":3611,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/browse"}},"browseEndpoint":{"browseId":"UCn5CtwAo7oeHULdlVl-HMKw","params":"EgVhYm91dPIGBgoCMgBKAA%3D%3D"}}}},"sectionSubtitle":{"accessibility":{"accessibilityData":{"label":"337 thousand subscribers"}},"simpleText":"337K subscribers"},"channelAvatar":{"thumbnails":[{"url":"https://yt3.ggpht.com/ZI4hVRpX-vBmx-oz64uYJ-tp9B-PUDUXCLRPN443zabb3DjkARqSGZJzGY57rCizSWxzVcWeJg=s88-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj"}]},"channelEndpoint":{"clickTrackingParams":"CBUQwjcYBSITCNqZzNqAjpQDFR5LOAUd_MYsWMoBBNkXUCE=","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/@AdobeExpress","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_CHANNEL","rootVe":3611,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/browse"}},"browseEndpoint":{"browseId":"UCn5CtwAo7oeHULdlVl-HMKw","canonicalBaseUrl":"/@AdobeExpress"}},"creatorCustomUrlButtons":[{"buttonViewModel":{"title":"Twitter","onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CBkQ8FsYACITCNqZzNqAjpQDFR5LOAUd_MYsWMoBBNkXUCE=","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"https://www.youtube.com/redirect?event=Watch_SD_EP\u0026redir_token=QUFFLUhqbXFYM3l0NjB2Z2xMbjBVSzBiUXFQalZKeGZOUXxBQ3Jtc0trZHFaaUxYbkNfS3ltcmpTNXlDVkdwT29KM1FveHRSQ3ZMMXd3eWlkemw3RjVaV3JHcDlNQ005M1hLSmpsakZEbmVsOHM1blJlNWUtWjlKYWhoMGl5OEVQd3NnYUlKQTFSUS1YOXY0SzVlSnppTkxkbw\u0026q=https%3A%2F%2Ftwitter.com%2FAdobeExpress","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_UNKNOWN","rootVe":83769}},"urlEndpoint":{"url":"https://www.youtube.com/redirect?event=Watch_SD_EP\u0026redir_token=QUFFLUhqbXFYM3l0NjB2Z2xMbjBVSzBiUXFQalZKeGZOUXxBQ3Jtc0trZHFaaUxYbkNfS3ltcmpTNXlDVkdwT29KM1FveHRSQ3ZMMXd3eWlkemw3RjVaV3JHcDlNQ005M1hLSmpsakZEbmVsOHM1blJlNWUtWjlKYWhoMGl5OEVQd3NnYUlKQTFSUS1YOXY0SzVlSnppTkxkbw\u0026q=https%3A%2F%2Ftwitter.com%2FAdobeExpress","target":"TARGET_NEW_WINDOW"}}},"style":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STYLE_CUSTOM","trackingParams":"CBkQ8FsYACITCNqZzNqAjpQDFR5LOAUd_MYsWA==","type":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_TYPE_OUTLINE","buttonSize":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_SIZE_DEFAULT","iconImage":{"url":"https://www.gstatic.com/youtube/img/watch/social_media/twitter_1x_v2.png","width":16,"height":16}}},{"buttonViewModel":{"title":"Pinterest","onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CBgQ8FsYASITCNqZzNqAjpQDFR5LOAUd_MYsWMoBBNkXUCE=","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"https://www.youtube.com/redirect?event=Watch_SD_EP\u0026redir_token=QUFFLUhqa3JMczNMczlXU0lqekVsVXBpbzdBLXhid0FnQXxBQ3Jtc0tuZ0FzUmJwX3NCeFRuOUs3MnVrWXFtd2hLdU02OEZTenNsLW93djJuMnpMWDlsaEt0S0d0MHdoMFYtWV9sN3lhcG1mQndsbmRteFFpWExyXzhsbGRnSFdDUlhkbGIwV09zSFZHYVlLOTU1MXRsbVBsaw\u0026q=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.pinterest.com%2FadobeExpress%2F","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_UNKNOWN","rootVe":83769}},"urlEndpoint":{"url":"https://www.youtube.com/redirect?event=Watch_SD_EP\u0026redir_token=QUFFLUhqa3JMczNMczlXU0lqekVsVXBpbzdBLXhid0FnQXxBQ3Jtc0tuZ0FzUmJwX3NCeFRuOUs3MnVrWXFtd2hLdU02OEZTenNsLW93djJuMnpMWDlsaEt0S0d0MHdoMFYtWV9sN3lhcG1mQndsbmRteFFpWExyXzhsbGRnSFdDUlhkbGIwV09zSFZHYVlLOTU1MXRsbVBsaw\u0026q=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.pinterest.com%2FadobeExpress%2F","target":"TARGET_NEW_WINDOW"}}},"style":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STYLE_CUSTOM","trackingParams":"CBgQ8FsYASITCNqZzNqAjpQDFR5LOAUd_MYsWA==","type":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_TYPE_OUTLINE","buttonSize":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_SIZE_DEFAULT","iconImage":{"url":"https://www.gstatic.com/youtube/img/watch/social_media/pinterest_1x.png","width":16,"height":16}}},{"buttonViewModel":{"title":"Facebook","onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CBcQ8FsYAiITCNqZzNqAjpQDFR5LOAUd_MYsWMoBBNkXUCE=","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"https://www.youtube.com/redirect?event=Watch_SD_EP\u0026redir_token=QUFFLUhqbERIOW9vS3BCQUZGOXRCb3R0VmpSdHBsNDMtd3xBQ3Jtc0trdWZMTnZVa1BCN0ppVnp3VlBMZDNEZW1Yal91cUx5TkxZY1Y4eEctV3hkc29mTjNzT3VGT3M5MTRHaG1wMlVWX0djbnRyaVpXSTRyY2ROODB4cXlrU0RTakU2b3FBUWM5VG5IdmxqMWlRZmtSS2t2Yw\u0026q=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.facebook.com%2Fadobeexpress%2F","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_UNKNOWN","rootVe":83769}},"urlEndpoint":{"url":"https://www.youtube.com/redirect?event=Watch_SD_EP\u0026redir_token=QUFFLUhqbERIOW9vS3BCQUZGOXRCb3R0VmpSdHBsNDMtd3xBQ3Jtc0trdWZMTnZVa1BCN0ppVnp3VlBMZDNEZW1Yal91cUx5TkxZY1Y4eEctV3hkc29mTjNzT3VGT3M5MTRHaG1wMlVWX0djbnRyaVpXSTRyY2ROODB4cXlrU0RTakU2b3FBUWM5VG5IdmxqMWlRZmtSS2t2Yw\u0026q=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.facebook.com%2Fadobeexpress%2F","target":"TARGET_NEW_WINDOW"}}},"style":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STYLE_CUSTOM","trackingParams":"CBcQ8FsYAiITCNqZzNqAjpQDFR5LOAUd_MYsWA==","type":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_TYPE_OUTLINE","buttonSize":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_SIZE_DEFAULT","iconImage":{"url":"https://www.gstatic.com/youtube/img/watch/social_media/facebook_1x.png","width":16,"height":16}}},{"buttonViewModel":{"title":"Instagram","onTap":{"innertubeCommand":{"clickTrackingParams":"CBYQ8FsYAyITCNqZzNqAjpQDFR5LOAUd_MYsWMoBBNkXUCE=","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"https://www.youtube.com/redirect?event=Watch_SD_EP\u0026redir_token=QUFFLUhqa3dyNXViUHk0OGxSNm1WZ09seExqU0NENmpyZ3xBQ3Jtc0trZHVuakNTRVJKdEl3SERWQnh1T1oyc1M0X0ZrdmM0QTEySlF5NmZaWlZFeEk5VDJJcl9GVDMxbFYtNEdPVUFUMUpsYVhmaUFMTlpCOTBnT1dnUHVHWDBkX3R6U3F1NkdmMW1LbWlPMkVmR29Zb0tDZw\u0026q=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.instagram.com%2Fadobeexpress%2F","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_UNKNOWN","rootVe":83769}},"urlEndpoint":{"url":"https://www.youtube.com/redirect?event=Watch_SD_EP\u0026redir_token=QUFFLUhqa3dyNXViUHk0OGxSNm1WZ09seExqU0NENmpyZ3xBQ3Jtc0trZHVuakNTRVJKdEl3SERWQnh1T1oyc1M0X0ZrdmM0QTEySlF5NmZaWlZFeEk5VDJJcl9GVDMxbFYtNEdPVUFUMUpsYVhmaUFMTlpCOTBnT1dnUHVHWDBkX3R6U3F1NkdmMW1LbWlPMkVmR29Zb0tDZw\u0026q=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.instagram.com%2Fadobeexpress%2F","target":"TARGET_NEW_WINDOW"}}},"style":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STYLE_CUSTOM","trackingParams":"CBYQ8FsYAyITCNqZzNqAjpQDFR5LOAUd_MYsWA==","type":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_TYPE_OUTLINE","buttonSize":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_SIZE_DEFAULT","iconImage":{"url":"https://www.gstatic.com/youtube/img/watch/social_media/instagram_1x.png","width":16,"height":16}}}],"trackingParams":"CBUQwjcYBSITCNqZzNqAjpQDFR5LOAUd_MYsWA=="}}]}},"veType":124975,"targetId":"engagement-panel-structured-description","visibility":"ENGAGEMENT_PANEL_VISIBILITY_HIDDEN","loggingDirectives":{"trackingParams":"CBQQ040EGAciEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFg=","visibility":{"types":"12"}}}},{"engagementPanelSectionListRenderer":{"panelIdentifier":"engagement-panel-searchable-transcript","header":{"engagementPanelTitleHeaderRenderer":{"title":{"runs":[{"text":"Transcript"}]},"menu":{"menuRenderer":{"items":[{"menuServiceItemRenderer":{"text":{"runs":[{"text":"Toggle timestamps"}]},"serviceEndpoint":{"clickTrackingParams":"CBIQ040EGAgiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFjKAQTZF1Ah","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true}},"signalServiceEndpoint":{"signal":"CLIENT_SIGNAL","actions":[{"clickTrackingParams":"CBIQ040EGAgiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFjKAQTZF1Ah","signalAction":{"signal":"TOGGLE_TRANSCRIPT_TIMESTAMPS"}}]}},"trackingParams":"CBIQ040EGAgiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFg="}}],"trackingParams":"CBIQ040EGAgiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFg=","accessibility":{"accessibilityData":{"label":"More actions"}}}},"visibilityButton":{"buttonRenderer":{"icon":{"iconType":"CLOSE"},"accessibility":{"label":"Close transcript"},"trackingParams":"CBMQ8FsiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFg=","accessibilityData":{"accessibilityData":{"label":"Close transcript"}},"command":{"clickTrackingParams":"CBMQ8FsiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFjKAQTZF1Ah","changeEngagementPanelVisibilityAction":{"targetId":"engagement-panel-searchable-transcript","visibility":"ENGAGEMENT_PANEL_VISIBILITY_HIDDEN"}}}},"trackingParams":"CBIQ040EGAgiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFg="}},"content":{"continuationItemRenderer":{"trigger":"CONTINUATION_TRIGGER_ON_ITEM_SHOWN","continuationEndpoint":{"clickTrackingParams":"CBIQ040EGAgiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFjKAQTZF1Ah","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/get_transcript"}},"getTranscriptEndpoint":{"params":"Cgt6aWVrQVJCbzR5ZxISQ2dOaGMzSVNBbVZ1R2dBJTNEGAEqM2VuZ2FnZW1lbnQtcGFuZWwtc2VhcmNoYWJsZS10cmFuc2NyaXB0LXNlYXJjaC1wYW5lbDAAOAFAAQ%3D%3D"}}}},"veType":126250,"targetId":"engagement-panel-searchable-transcript","visibility":"ENGAGEMENT_PANEL_VISIBILITY_HIDDEN","onShowCommands":[{"clickTrackingParams":"CBIQ040EGAgiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFjKAQTZF1Ah","scrollToEngagementPanelCommand":{"targetId":"engagement-panel-searchable-transcript"}}],"loggingDirectives":{"trackingParams":"CBIQ040EGAgiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFg=","visibility":{"types":"12"}}}}],"topbar":{"desktopTopbarRenderer":{"logo":{"topbarLogoRenderer":{"iconImage":{"iconType":"YOUTUBE_LOGO"},"tooltipText":{"runs":[{"text":"YouTube Home"}]},"endpoint":{"clickTrackingParams":"CBEQsV4iEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFjKAQTZF1Ah","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_BROWSE","rootVe":3854,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/browse"}},"browseEndpoint":{"browseId":"FEwhat_to_watch"}},"trackingParams":"CBEQsV4iEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFg=","overrideEntityKey":"EgZ0b3BiYXIg9QEoAQ%3D%3D"}},"searchbox":{"fusionSearchboxRenderer":{"icon":{"iconType":"SEARCH"},"placeholderText":{"runs":[{"text":"Search"}]},"config":{"webSearchboxConfig":{"requestLanguage":"en","requestDomain":"np","hasOnscreenKeyboard":false,"focusSearchbox":true}},"trackingParams":"CA0Q7VAiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFg=","searchEndpoint":{"clickTrackingParams":"CA0Q7VAiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFjKAQTZF1Ah","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/results?search_query=","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_SEARCH","rootVe":4724}},"searchEndpoint":{"query":""}},"clearButton":{"buttonRenderer":{"style":"STYLE_DEFAULT","size":"SIZE_DEFAULT","isDisabled":false,"icon":{"iconType":"CLOSE"},"trackingParams":"CBAQ8FsiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFg=","accessibilityData":{"accessibilityData":{"label":"Clear search query"}}}},"showImageSourceDialog":{"clickTrackingParams":"CA0Q7VAiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFjKAQTZF1Ah","showDialogCommand":{"panelLoadingStrategy":{"inlineContent":{"dialogViewModel":{"header":{"dialogHeaderViewModel":{"headline":{"content":"Image source"}}},"footer":{"panelFooterViewModel":{"primaryButton":{"buttonViewModel":{"title":"Visit source","style":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STYLE_MONO","trackingParams":"CA8Q8FsiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFg=","isFullWidth":true,"type":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_TYPE_FILLED"}},"secondaryButton":{"buttonViewModel":{"title":"Cancel","style":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_STYLE_MONO","trackingParams":"CA4Q8FsiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFg=","isFullWidth":true,"type":"BUTTON_VIEW_MODEL_TYPE_TONAL"}},"shouldHideDivider":true}},"content":{"basicContentViewModel":{"paragraphs":[{"text":{"content":"Visit image source website?"}}]}}}}}}}}},"trackingParams":"CAEQq6wBIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","countryCode":"NP","topbarButtons":[{"topbarMenuButtonRenderer":{"icon":{"iconType":"MORE_VERT"},"menuRequest":{"clickTrackingParams":"CAsQ_qsBGAAiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFjKAQTZF1Ah","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true,"apiUrl":"/youtubei/v1/account/account_menu"}},"signalServiceEndpoint":{"signal":"GET_ACCOUNT_MENU","actions":[{"clickTrackingParams":"CAsQ_qsBGAAiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFjKAQTZF1Ah","openPopupAction":{"popup":{"multiPageMenuRenderer":{"trackingParams":"CAwQ_6sBIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","style":"MULTI_PAGE_MENU_STYLE_TYPE_SYSTEM","showLoadingSpinner":true}},"popupType":"DROPDOWN","beReused":true}}]}},"trackingParams":"CAsQ_qsBGAAiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFg=","accessibility":{"accessibilityData":{"label":"Settings"}},"tooltip":"Settings","style":"STYLE_DEFAULT"}},{"buttonRenderer":{"style":"STYLE_SUGGESTIVE","size":"SIZE_SMALL","text":{"runs":[{"text":"Sign in"}]},"icon":{"iconType":"AVATAR_LOGGED_OUT"},"navigationEndpoint":{"clickTrackingParams":"CAoQ1IAEGAEiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFjKAQTZF1Ah","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"https://accounts.google.com/ServiceLogin?service=youtube\u0026uilel=3\u0026passive=true\u0026continue=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.youtube.com%2Fsignin%3Faction_handle_signin%3Dtrue%26app%3Ddesktop%26hl%3Den%26next%3Dhttps%253A%252F%252Fwww.youtube.com%252Fwatch%253Fv%253DziekARBo4yg%2526bpctr%253D9999999999%2526has_verified%253D1\u0026hl=en\u0026ec=65620","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_UNKNOWN","rootVe":83769}},"signInEndpoint":{"idamTag":"65620"}},"trackingParams":"CAoQ1IAEGAEiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFg=","targetId":"topbar-signin"}}],"hotkeyDialog":{"hotkeyDialogRenderer":{"title":{"runs":[{"text":"Keyboard shortcuts"}]},"sections":[{"hotkeyDialogSectionRenderer":{"title":{"runs":[{"text":"Playback"}]},"options":[{"hotkeyDialogSectionOptionRenderer":{"label":{"runs":[{"text":"Toggle play/pause"}]},"hotkey":"k"}},{"hotkeyDialogSectionOptionRenderer":{"label":{"runs":[{"text":"Rewind 10 seconds"}]},"hotkey":"j"}},{"hotkeyDialogSectionOptionRenderer":{"label":{"runs":[{"text":"Fast forward 10 seconds"}]},"hotkey":"l"}},{"hotkeyDialogSectionOptionRenderer":{"label":{"runs":[{"text":"Previous video"}]},"hotkey":"P (SHIFT+p)"}},{"hotkeyDialogSectionOptionRenderer":{"label":{"runs":[{"text":"Next video"}]},"hotkey":"N (SHIFT+n)"}},{"hotkeyDialogSectionOptionRenderer":{"label":{"runs":[{"text":"Previous frame (while paused)"}]},"hotkey":",","hotkeyAccessibilityLabel":{"accessibilityData":{"label":"Comma"}}}},{"hotkeyDialogSectionOptionRenderer":{"label":{"runs":[{"text":"Next frame (while paused)"}]},"hotkey":".","hotkeyAccessibilityLabel":{"accessibilityData":{"label":"Period"}}}},{"hotkeyDialogSectionOptionRenderer":{"label":{"runs":[{"text":"Decrease playback rate"}]},"hotkey":"\u003c (SHIFT+,)","hotkeyAccessibilityLabel":{"accessibilityData":{"label":"Less than or SHIFT + comma"}}}},{"hotkeyDialogSectionOptionRenderer":{"label":{"runs":[{"text":"Increase playback rate"}]},"hotkey":"\u003e (SHIFT+.)","hotkeyAccessibilityLabel":{"accessibilityData":{"label":"Greater than or SHIFT + period"}}}},{"hotkeyDialogSectionOptionRenderer":{"label":{"runs":[{"text":"Seek to specific point in the video (7 advances to 70% of duration)"}]},"hotkey":"0..9"}},{"hotkeyDialogSectionOptionRenderer":{"label":{"runs":[{"text":"Seek to previous chapter"}]},"hotkey":"OPTION + ←"}},{"hotkeyDialogSectionOptionRenderer":{"label":{"runs":[{"text":"Seek to next chapter"}]},"hotkey":"OPTION + →"}}]}},{"hotkeyDialogSectionRenderer":{"title":{"runs":[{"text":"General"}]},"options":[{"hotkeyDialogSectionOptionRenderer":{"label":{"runs":[{"text":"Toggle full screen"}]},"hotkey":"f"}},{"hotkeyDialogSectionOptionRenderer":{"label":{"runs":[{"text":"Toggle theater mode"}]},"hotkey":"t"}},{"hotkeyDialogSectionOptionRenderer":{"label":{"runs":[{"text":"Toggle miniplayer"}]},"hotkey":"i"}},{"hotkeyDialogSectionOptionRenderer":{"label":{"runs":[{"text":"Close miniplayer or current dialog"}]},"hotkey":"ESCAPE"}},{"hotkeyDialogSectionOptionRenderer":{"label":{"runs":[{"text":"Toggle mute"}]},"hotkey":"m"}}]}},{"hotkeyDialogSectionRenderer":{"title":{"runs":[{"text":"Subtitles and closed captions"}]},"options":[{"hotkeyDialogSectionOptionRenderer":{"label":{"runs":[{"text":"If the video supports captions, toggle captions ON/OFF"}]},"hotkey":"c"}},{"hotkeyDialogSectionOptionRenderer":{"label":{"runs":[{"text":"Rotate through different text opacity levels"}]},"hotkey":"o"}},{"hotkeyDialogSectionOptionRenderer":{"label":{"runs":[{"text":"Rotate through different window opacity levels"}]},"hotkey":"w"}},{"hotkeyDialogSectionOptionRenderer":{"label":{"runs":[{"text":"Rotate through font sizes (increasing)"}]},"hotkey":"+"}},{"hotkeyDialogSectionOptionRenderer":{"label":{"runs":[{"text":"Rotate through font sizes (decreasing)"}]},"hotkey":"-","hotkeyAccessibilityLabel":{"accessibilityData":{"label":"Minus"}}}}]}},{"hotkeyDialogSectionRenderer":{"title":{"runs":[{"text":"Spherical Videos"}]},"options":[{"hotkeyDialogSectionOptionRenderer":{"label":{"runs":[{"text":"Pan up"}]},"hotkey":"w"}},{"hotkeyDialogSectionOptionRenderer":{"label":{"runs":[{"text":"Pan left"}]},"hotkey":"a"}},{"hotkeyDialogSectionOptionRenderer":{"label":{"runs":[{"text":"Pan down"}]},"hotkey":"s"}},{"hotkeyDialogSectionOptionRenderer":{"label":{"runs":[{"text":"Pan right"}]},"hotkey":"d"}},{"hotkeyDialogSectionOptionRenderer":{"label":{"runs":[{"text":"Zoom in"}]},"hotkey":"+ on numpad or ]","hotkeyAccessibilityLabel":{"accessibilityData":{"label":"Plus on number pad or right bracket"}}}},{"hotkeyDialogSectionOptionRenderer":{"label":{"runs":[{"text":"Zoom out"}]},"hotkey":"- on numpad or [","hotkeyAccessibilityLabel":{"accessibilityData":{"label":"Minus on number pad or left bracket"}}}}]}}],"dismissButton":{"buttonRenderer":{"style":"STYLE_BLUE_TEXT","size":"SIZE_DEFAULT","isDisabled":false,"text":{"runs":[{"text":"Dismiss"}]},"trackingParams":"CAkQ8FsiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFg="}},"trackingParams":"CAgQteYDIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY"}},"backButton":{"buttonRenderer":{"trackingParams":"CAcQvIYDIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","command":{"clickTrackingParams":"CAcQvIYDIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true}},"signalServiceEndpoint":{"signal":"CLIENT_SIGNAL","actions":[{"clickTrackingParams":"CAcQvIYDIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","signalAction":{"signal":"HISTORY_BACK"}}]}}}},"forwardButton":{"buttonRenderer":{"trackingParams":"CAYQvYYDIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","command":{"clickTrackingParams":"CAYQvYYDIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true}},"signalServiceEndpoint":{"signal":"CLIENT_SIGNAL","actions":[{"clickTrackingParams":"CAYQvYYDIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","signalAction":{"signal":"HISTORY_FORWARD"}}]}}}},"a11ySkipNavigationButton":{"buttonRenderer":{"style":"STYLE_DEFAULT","size":"SIZE_DEFAULT","isDisabled":false,"text":{"runs":[{"text":"Skip navigation"}]},"trackingParams":"CAUQ8FsiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFg=","command":{"clickTrackingParams":"CAUQ8FsiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFjKAQTZF1Ah","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true}},"signalServiceEndpoint":{"signal":"CLIENT_SIGNAL","actions":[{"clickTrackingParams":"CAUQ8FsiEwjamczagI6UAxUeSzgFHfzGLFjKAQTZF1Ah","signalAction":{"signal":"SKIP_NAVIGATION"}}]}}}},"voiceSearchButton":{"buttonRenderer":{"style":"STYLE_DEFAULT","size":"SIZE_DEFAULT","isDisabled":false,"serviceEndpoint":{"clickTrackingParams":"CAIQ7a8FIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"sendPost":true}},"signalServiceEndpoint":{"signal":"CLIENT_SIGNAL","actions":[{"clickTrackingParams":"CAIQ7a8FIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixYygEE2RdQIQ==","openPopupAction":{"popup":{"voiceSearchDialogRenderer":{"placeholderHeader":{"runs":[{"text":"Listening..."}]},"promptHeader":{"runs":[{"text":"Didn't hear that. Try again."}]},"exampleQuery1":{"runs":[{"text":"\"Play Dua Lipa\""}]},"exampleQuery2":{"runs":[{"text":"\"Show me my subscriptions\""}]},"promptMicrophoneLabel":{"runs":[{"text":"Tap microphone to try again"}]},"loadingHeader":{"runs":[{"text":"Working..."}]},"connectionErrorHeader":{"runs":[{"text":"No connection"}]},"connectionErrorMicrophoneLabel":{"runs":[{"text":"Check your connection and try again"}]},"permissionsHeader":{"runs":[{"text":"Waiting for permission"}]},"permissionsSubtext":{"runs":[{"text":"Allow microphone access to search with voice"}]},"disabledHeader":{"runs":[{"text":"Search with your voice"}]},"disabledSubtext":{"runs":[{"text":"To search by voice, go to your browser settings and allow access to microphone"}]},"microphoneButtonAriaLabel":{"runs":[{"text":"Cancel"}]},"exitButton":{"buttonRenderer":{"style":"STYLE_DEFAULT","size":"SIZE_DEFAULT","isDisabled":false,"icon":{"iconType":"CLOSE"},"trackingParams":"CAQQ0LEFIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","accessibilityData":{"accessibilityData":{"label":"Cancel"}}}},"trackingParams":"CAMQ7q8FIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","microphoneOffPromptHeader":{"runs":[{"text":"Microphone off. Try again."}]}}},"popupType":"TOP_ALIGNED_DIALOG"}}]}},"icon":{"iconType":"MICROPHONE_ON"},"tooltip":"Search with your voice","trackingParams":"CAIQ7a8FIhMI2pnM2oCOlAMVHks4BR38xixY","accessibilityData":{"accessibilityData":{"label":"Search with your voice"}}}}}},"pageVisualEffects":[{"cinematicContainerRenderer":{"presentationStyle":"CINEMATIC_CONTAINER_PRESENTATION_STYLE_DYNAMIC_SINGLE_COLOR","config":{"lightThemeBackgroundColor":4278190080,"darkThemeBackgroundColor":4278190080,"animationConfig":{"minImageUpdateIntervalMs":10000,"crossfadeDurationMs":5000,"crossfadeStartOffset":1,"maxFrameRate":30},"colorSourceSizeMultiplier":2.5,"applyClientImageBlur":true,"bottomColorSourceHeightMultiplier":0.67000002,"maxBottomColorSourceHeight":260,"colorSourceWidthMultiplier":1.5,"colorSourceHeightMultiplier":2,"blurStrength":5,"watchFullscreenConfig":{"colorSourceWidthMultiplier":2,"colorSourceHeightMultiplier":2,"scrimWidthMultiplier":2.5,"scrimHeightMultiplier":2.5,"scrimGradientConfig":{"gradientType":"CINEMATIC_CONTAINER_GRADIENT_TYPE_RADIAL","gradientStartPointX":0.5,"gradientStartPointY":0.5,"gradientEndPointX":1,"gradientEndPointY":1}},"enableInLightTheme":true}}}],"microformat":{"microformatDataRenderer":{"videoDetails":{}}},"frameworkUpdates":{"entityBatchUpdate":{"mutations":[{"entityKey":"EgZ0b3BiYXIg9QEoAQ%3D%3D","type":"ENTITY_MUTATION_TYPE_DELETE","options":{"persistenceOption":"ENTITY_PERSISTENCE_OPTION_INMEMORY_AND_PERSIST"}},{"entityKey":"EhxsaWtlX2J1dHRvbl9hbmltYXRpb25fZW50aXR5ILcEKAE%3D","type":"ENTITY_MUTATION_TYPE_DELETE"},{"entityKey":"Egt6aWVrQVJCbzR5ZyA-KAE%3D","type":"ENTITY_MUTATION_TYPE_REPLACE","payload":{"likeStatusEntity":{"key":"Egt6aWVrQVJCbzR5ZyA-KAE%3D","likeStatus":"INDIFFERENT"}}},{"entityKey":"EhhVQ241Q3R3QW83b2VIVUxkbFZsLUhNS3cgMygB","type":"ENTITY_MUTATION_TYPE_REPLACE","payload":{"subscriptionStateEntity":{"key":"EhhVQ241Q3R3QW83b2VIVUxkbFZsLUhNS3cgMygB","subscribed":false}}}],"timestamp":{"seconds":"1777292017","nanos":453495350}}}};if (window.ytcsi) {window.ytcsi.tick('pdr', null, '');}(function serverContract() {window['ytPageType'] = "watch";window['ytCommand'] = {"clickTrackingParams":"IhMIldXJ2oCOlAMVdaHCCh3UVAGbMghleHRlcm5hbMoBBNkXUCE=","commandMetadata":{"webCommandMetadata":{"url":"/watch?v=ziekARBo4yg\u0026pp=0gcJCU8Co7VqN5tD","webPageType":"WEB_PAGE_TYPE_WATCH","rootVe":3832}},"watchEndpoint":{"videoId":"ziekARBo4yg","playerParams":"0gcJCU8Co7VqN5tD"}};window['ytUrl'] = '\/watch?v\x3dziekARBo4yg\x26bpctr\x3d9999999999\x26has_verified\x3d1';var a=window;(function(e){var c=window;c.getInitialCommand=function(){return e};c.loadInitialCommand&&c.loadInitialCommand(c.getInitialCommand())})(a.ytCommand); (function(e,c,l,f,g,h,k){var d=window;d.getInitialData=function(){var b=window;b.ytcsi&&b.ytcsi.tick("pr",null,"");b={page:e,endpoint:c,response:l};f&&(b.playerResponse=f);g&&(b.reelWatchSequenceResponse=g);k&&(b.url=k);h&&(b.previousCsn=h);return b};d.loadInitialData&&d.loadInitialData(d.getInitialData())})(a.ytPageType,a.ytCommand,a.ytInitialData,a.ytInitialPlayerResponse,a.ytInitialReelWatchSequenceResponse,a.ytPreviousCsn,a.ytUrl); })();ytcfg.set({"CSI_SERVICE_NAME": 'youtube', "TIMING_INFO": {"GetPlayer_rid": '0x3128eb8d4ac8b5e9',"GetWatchNext_rid": '0x3128eb8d4ac8b5e9',}})if (window.ytcsi) {ytcsi.infoGel({serverTimeMs: 849.0 }, '');}

- How to Turn Off ADS on ANY INFINIX Smartphone: Kind: captions Language: en hello in front of me I've got infinix smartphone in this video I'll show you how to turn off ads in order to turn off ads on any infinix smartphone firstly let's go to Play Store and in Play Store search for any ad blocker download it and this will block any browser ads next you can go to settings and in settings you can go to privacy here enter ads and delete advertising ID in the end you can go to more connections private DNS select private DNS and top DNS adg guard.com save and it's done if you find this video helpful please leave like comment and subscribe [Music]

- How do I block ads on my Android home screen | how to remove the fullscreen popup ads from phone: Kind: captions Language: en yeah see this is my wife's phone and it's got a problem just check it out folks I was watching a video and all of a sudden this ad popped up you can't close it no matter how much you want to you see there's a scrolling bar running below until it finishes you can't close this thing then there's an option above that says fast but it's not making any sense look here when I clicked there was a play now option nowhere to cut it though just check it out when this one came up I clicked here and saw it redirected me to an ad the same might have happened with you too when you are watching a video or doing anything else then an ad comes on your phone screen notice when you try to close it an ad pops up you see right there's no icon that you can see here no name two notice this here it says Play Store but check it out there's no name anywhere on it I mean there's no name anywhere so while I was watching this video this ad came into the picture now how do you shut it down now watch it's really easy to close it down but it's super tough for those who don't know how to do it so what have you got to do firstly you need to go to phone settings after going to settings there will be this option you see app management if it's a real me phone you will see app management click on it now when you get here you will find an option that says app list look here app list click on that now no matter how much you scroll or search you won't find that application which is giving you ad no matter where you look you won't see any unknown application that's giving you ads see look right now there's no application you can find anywhere no matter how much you search but guess what you can find it it's like this please give a like to this video at this point the moment you turn your phone into dark mode you'll be able to see those notifications down below here there's a dark mode option as soon as you turn on dark mode you will be able to see that magical thing watch here when I turned on dark mode this white colored icon appeared the ones who make these apps they fraud us so well we are like what the heck look at this the icon is of pure white color if you don't turn on dark mode you won't ever know which application is showing you the ad look closely you can see right as soon as we do it in dark mode now look no sooner did we turn on dark mode we found out that this white application with no icon at all is the culprit not this one this one there's absolutely no icon for this one and there's no name for it either once you click on it what you need to do is click on the uninstall option and uninstall this application so now you see uninstall this app click OK on this and this application is now uninstalled now you won't be able to see any application Above So friends you can solve the problem like this and you can now turn off dark mode on your phone some folks see that our phone is back to its previous look and you won't now receive any ad on your phone's screen on this note friends please give a like to this video if you're new to the Channel Please Subscribe and I'll see you in another video until then take care of yourself take care bye bye

- Tubi Review: The Best Free Streaming App?: Kind: captions Language: en there's now more people that Watch the free streaming service 2B than some of the paid streaming services like Paramount Plus Peacock and Max this streaming service which is owned by Fox continues to grow and is making its mark on the world of streaming but before you download the 2B app there's some things to know here are five things to know about tub first up is that while tub is free there are ads but from my experience the ads on 2B aren't as intrusive as some of the other streaming services many of the ads are 15 seconds or less which makes the ad breaks overall pretty short but unlike other streaming services there's no paid tiers everything is free free for free free free you can download the 2B app on a variety of devices including Smart TVs streaming players game consoles phones and tablets all without paying a penny number two there's a ton of great TV shows on tub now since tub is owned by fox you'll find a number of the shows from their Channel including current season episodes of shows like The Masks singer and crime scene kitchen but there's plenty of other shows to watch including some that have worked their way over from other streaming services there's shows in the DC Comics universe that have gone from Max to tub the Stephen King series 112263 premiered on Hulu originally but now has worked its way over to tub so really whether it's crime shows reality TV anime sitcoms or even westerns there's a little bit for everyone on 2B and it's all free plus 2B also makes Originals that you'll only find on the their streaming service these include documentaries from Vice news and TMZ various movies in the horror genre and there's a new initiative called stubos which sounds pretty neat this funds projects from aspiring filmmakers based on engagement from fans stubos has some tub Originals in the pipeline 2 featuring Tik Tok stars like Grant and Ash number three tub has critically acclaimed movies now here's the thing about tub if you've seen the memes you know that tub movies have a certain shall we a reputation but while it's true that you can find a number of lowbudget be movie kind of Productions you'll also find huge Blockbuster franchises and award winners too while there's definitely a variety of movies you can find on tub content genres that they focus on in particular are horror action and Black Entertainment number four tub has live channels too they might not be the main event in the way that they are with another free app Pluto TV but there's still a large number of free channels that you can watch with tub you'll find national news from ABC NBC and fox local news from various stations across the country Sports which include live MMA and Women's Soccer Plus various different channels with classic TV game shows and a collection of channels from mner Brothers number five is that you can unlock more features with tub by creating a login now since tub is a free app you don't actually need to create a login in order to start watching movies and shows but if you do create a login which is still free by the way you'll gain in the ability to create watch lists get personalized recommendations and use parental controls now that last one is notable because there are quite a few horror films and more R-rated stuff that you'll find on 2B so with the parental controls you can restrict what your kids have access to and there's a pretty large number of cartoons that you'll find on here including both contemporary and classic cartoons like Scooby-Doo Sonic Boom Pokemon and the Magic School Bus so there you have it among the free streaming apps tub is probably my favorite right now I can tolerate the ads there's a ton of movies and shows to watch and there's a good blend of both ond demand shows and live channels now occasionally the app does get a little glitchy for me when I watch it on my Apple TV for example when I watch crime scene kitchen it displays the episode numbers out of order and another time the synopsis for every show in the live channel guide had the plot description for the Robin Williams movie The Bird Cage for some reason it has its quirks but you know what it's free so I'll gr it on a curve so have you tried out Tob what did you think let me know in the comments section as always if you liked this video make sure to give it a thumbs up and be sure to subscribe to this YouTube channel to stay up to date with all things streaming thanks for watching everyone and for more information on free streaming apps you can check out my playlist here

- Make Google Ads Account & Get Rs. 2000 Free Ads Credit | Google Ads Account Aise Banaye |Tech Studio: Kind: captions Language: en Key picture Hello Hello Welcome to back to my Asar saaf Today I will talk about Google Adwords i.e. Google Ads basically like how to login, how to signup along with this we will get benefits as soon as we log in, after logging in what options will you get on the home page today we will talk about all these things before moving forward a small appeal to you guys that if you are on our channel then subscribe to the channel and press the bell icon for updates of similar videos so now let's go to our computer screen and see step by step three four seater so see I have opened Google Chrome on my laptop screen, here we will type Google Adwords let's type ad like this so see here it has come up in the top search Google Edit Dad Words Now Google Voice means what was ad earlier will now be Google Apps we will click on it so after clicking see this the home page has opened and it has a lot of information about Google Apps It has been given like Grow Your Business with Google Ads, that is, you should grow your business with Google Apps. Along with this, a very good promotional offer is also given below that Speed Match Now 221 promotional credit. If you spend 2000 rupees to promote your business in Google Ads, then you get a career of ₹ 2000 free of cost from Google Ads. For this, simply you have to enter your email ID here. I am not a robot, right click on it and after that Get Offer Code. The offer code will go to your email, after which whenever you spend ₹ 2000, after that you will get ₹ 2000 extra from Google Apps. This is a very good offer from Google Apps, which has been going on for a very long time and is still going on. You can take advantage of it. Those who want to start their own business can spend 2000 rupees and earn ₹ 2000 at one place. By spending ₹2000 you will be able to promote your voice worth ₹4000. Apart from this, there is a lot of other information too. If you want to install it and see it, you can also check it by opening it on your laptop or mobile phone. Now, to sign up for Google Maps, it is very important to have a Google account. Now let me tell you that a Google email ID is used to log in to all Google products, be it Google AdSense, YouTube or Melt. You can login to all the platforms only with a Gmail account. You will need that account here. If you have one, then it is fine. Otherwise, you can create a new account. Since we have one, we will just click on Sign In. Yes, friends, Google Apps has been logged in and you can see how the homepage looks. Look here, there is a New Campaign button at the top. By clicking on it, you can set up a new campaign. By the way, I will make a new video about this. How can you set it up at a low cost and what settings do you need to do? I'll explain all these things in the next video. Apart from this, if you set up a campaign, here you get all the information about it: how many impressions you received, how many clicks you got, what was the average CPC, what was the total cost, and here you'll see a graph. Okay, so here, whatever campaign you set up below, it will show the entire list of that campaign. I had set up two campaigns for testing, so here it's showing the list of the campaigns, cost, click count, etc. You get all the details here on the home screen. Apart from this, if you want, you can search anything inside this Google app. If you type here, you'll get the result. In the reports, you can see your campaign's report, etc., and you can also download them. You get a lot of tools in it. One of the most important tools in it is the Keyword Planner, about which I'll make a video later. People talk a lot about how to trend a video, how to You have to move the keyboard in this way to make the title of your video attractive, how to set trending type of vote in the tag of your video, then how all this happens in Keyword Planner, we will tell you by clicking on practice in the next video, you can do all this from here, you get many tools here, apart from this, you can see here, there are many options here, there is Recommendations, there is Campaign, there is Ad Group, when you run a campaign, then all these options come in handy, apart from this there is Ads and Extensions, there is Ad Group, if you click on Group, then whatever campaign you are setting, it will show you its details here, what is your status, maximum CPVN clicks have been done from Vyas, you can change it from here whenever you want and by the way, when I make a video about getting a campaign done, then I will show you practically one by one in all the details in it, so that you will understand well how a campaign is set and how to use any campaign for your business. This is the kind of tax that can be applied in Google Apps. Yes friends, you have seen all the details from creating an account in Google Adwords i.e. Google Apps to sign in and what all options are available on the homepage. I hope you have learned a lot from this video. Stay tuned for similar videos on tax evasion and if you liked this video, then share it with as many people as possible. Let's meet again with the next video. Till then, please excuse me but bye.

- Adsense & Adwords पैसा कैसे देता है 2020 || Google Adsense se paise kaise kamaye In Hindi: Kind: captions Language: en That if you want to know what is exchange and Adword is patience and if we want to become a leader then do you need both of these or not so come on friends today in this video we will put the knowledge about both of these in your mind and will tell you whether both of these are needed or not and how one works okay we will not go into details we will try to explain it to you on the basics my name is Pritam I update YouTube channel so let's start this video without any delay yes so friends this is exchange and Adword okay so if you want to become a leader then you need both these apps okay so first I would like to tell you what is AdSense so exchange is that whenever you want to become a leader on YouTube then you have to wait a minute you must have heard their names so you have to enable them because when you search when you enable 399 then your ad will come on the video then YouTube will give you money till the shop He will send that ad for the ad to appear, okay, so after that, whenever it is enabled, the montage calm of you starts from here, so let me explain to you what happens in the exchange, in AdSense, whenever after your radish is angry, $10 will be credited to your account, then your address is added and the money from the account through admit monetization is free in your ABS, Mukesh, after that, a letter like this reaches your house, a letter like this is opened inside it, okay, so let me give you a little look, there is a combined space, this is how it happens, at this time you have ginger, okay, so you have to enter it and there is some process etc. here, okay, address verification is given for that bank verification, so now it has come to your house, after it has come, open it and go to your AdSense account and enter it, so your extra oil is ready, after that, Yes everyone, whenever your money of hundred dollars will come, after the eggs come, the ad decides the hunter you have put and it will be transferred to your bank account, the minimum amount should be hundred, if it is more than that then it will work then it will not come, next vote will be for the meat, hunted tomorrow whenever automatic actions will be done then the money will reach your account, this is the technique of getting money to you, okay, now the actions happen, now what is edited, then the ad is there, half of it is less than one Google from here, you will have to pay money, why will you have to pay money because if you do online marketing business like YouTube, it has become a very simple online business, you want to promote this ginger, okay, you want to put that ad and in this if you want to put your own brand, video, application, gaming, anything, then you will have to say, you will have to leave the ad, so what happens in Adwords, you have to register there also, there will be no WhatsApp call letter etc, there will be a mill verification 10 work is completed, after that step by step you have to enter what you want to put where you want to give everything, you have to do a light steel there, after clicking, for how many days you want to run the ad and how much money you want to spend, set that you want to spend daily or for the total number of days, if you think coriander has 10 days, then you have to select that, after that your advertisement starts, then you will have to pay money for the advertisement, you have to add money there, after adding, money will be deducted from that money, your ad will be shown, okay, wherever it will be seen here, the money will be deducted and will go to that brand at that place, okay, so this is the difference between the two, many people do not need it, now it is important in school, like if we are on YouTube, then to access the money we need Bluetooth, because if the video of the attack is good, then what we want is quantum good If we want to make this reach the people, then what will we do? We want to make this egg white reach the people and our video is only that, we are small on YouTube, so our video does not reach the people that much, so that is why we can see that by fitting a grow behind the advance, we make it reach the people in the video, this is the difference between advised to miss it, you must have liked this video, if you liked the video then like the video, if you do not like it then please like it and if you are new to me and want to know similar YouTube related information then definitely subscribe to this chapter, press the bell icon and tell me by commenting below how you would like its contact, so friend mix it, if you liked the video then thank you very much for watching till now, so Wasim Acid Ad Baba

- Narrow Targeting (Laser Targeting) in Facebook Ads Explained | Perfect Audience Strategy 2026 | #20: Kind: captions Language: en A client comes to me and tells me, Sir, I am a fitness coach and I sell weight loss programs. And I have been generating leads through Facebook ads for quite some time. But I am not able to get quality leads. Whenever I call, the person on the other end says, Sir, I was just exploring. I was doing competitive analysis. No, I am not interested. So in this way I started getting more fake leads. And he said, Sir, I target fitness people in detail targeting. Why am I still not getting quality leads ? And then we understood this problem in detail. And we just created a simple strategy due to which today they are getting quality leads and their program has started selling 2x to 5x. So the name of that strategy is narrow targeting. Yes friends, today we are going to talk about narrow targeting. So narrow targeting means passing the audience through multiple filters and logic so that only qualified people see the ad. I know you might not have understood this definition. Let me show you a simple example of this. For example, suppose you are looking for a boy for marriage. Ok? So you do two types of targeting. One is that you will do broad targeting. Secondly, you will do narrow targeting. What will you do in broad targeting ? You will select only mail. So will you be able to reach your audience just by selecting mail? But if you do narrow targeting then what will you say that brother, he is male but his age should be between 25 to 30. Plus he should have a government job. Plus he should be from the same city. So this is what is called laser targeting. So using this strategy we generated qualified leads for fitness coaches. For example, this is our client Fitness Co who sells weight loss programs. And what did we do for this? Detail targeting done. In detail targeting, we created three layers. First layer, second layer, third layer. What did we do in the first layer ? We chose one interest in which we chose the interest of those who are physical fitness conscious. And we did the second layer. What did we do in the second layer? Define further. And in that we chose an interest in which we kept healthy diet. And we created the third layer in which we went to Define Layer. And on the define layer we selected a behavior called Engage on Show. In this way, we did narrow targeting and showed our ad to our right audience. So let me explain this in a practical way. Look what the client did? The client had selected only Physical Fitness in the detail targeting. And due to which they started getting a lot of fake leads. Because anyone can achieve physical fitness. He may be a sportsman. Maybe someone is a Jeep trainer, they're a runner , they just do yoga here. Although many people used to come, but his audience was for weight loss. In this we said that along with physical fitness, he should also have this quality. So what did we do about it? Here you will see Define Father. Click on Define Further and it must also match. This means that if he is into physical fitness then he should also have these qualities. So what qualities should one have? So, if we want to sell a weight loss program, then if we search for direct weight loss, we will not get it. So for this we will take another approach that who would want to lose weight? It is possible that the person who is planning the diet may also want to do it for weight loss. So what will we achieve by narrow targeting it? Diet plan. So in this we will select those with healthy diet. Ok? So now what we said is that he is interested in physical fitness. Besides this, he should also be interested in his diet plan. But we haven't reached the right audience yet. Now we have to tell you one more thing here that brother, what is the purchase behavior of the other person? Will he buy it or not? For that we will define further. Now we will engage the shocker here. Now it has become clear that our ad should be visible to those people who are interested in physical fitness as well as healthy diet. And with that, she's at the Engage Shop. Meaning, they keep purchasing something or the other. So now by using this strategy we can reach our right audience. And can generate qualified leads. And this is called narrow targeting or laser targeting. So let us learn some more important things about narrow targeting here so that you never have any doubt in future as to why this is done. So first of all see what is narrow targeting? In narrow targeting we have to flutter. Ok? We do this so that we can reach the right audience and generate quality leads from here. Now, on Facebook, when you use a narrower audience, each layer becomes an additional condition. This means that here we have to tell the condition that if the person in front is interested in physical fitness, then along with it, there should be a condition that he should also be interested in a healthy diet. And along with this, there will be another condition that he should be engaged on the show. Only when that audience crosses these three stages will our ad be visible to the other person. Otherwise he will not be able to see that ad anymore. There is an end here and logic like in the same box any match ad of multiple interests will be visible and the second one is end logic which is called narrow further all the conditions match only then the ad will be visible, let me show it with an example, for example suppose I had done detail targeting here, let me remove all these first, like I am doing detail targeting for fitness people, then what will I do, I will just write fitness and what have I done for physical fitness people, I have targeted them, now if I search inside this box and do any new targeting then that else condition will be created, this or this and if I go by defining further then an end condition will be created that means this should be there, along with this this should also be there. For example, along with physical fitness, I have written Yoga here. I wrote sports here. So now this three detail targeting means that our ad may be visible to yoga enthusiasts or sports enthusiasts or physical fitness enthusiasts. Meaning here ' ya' is being used to mean that this person should see it or this person should see it or this person should see it. Ok ? There is no condition logic here. When we choose the end logic, what happens is that if let's say he is interested in yoga, sports, fitness, but at the same time he is interested in diet. So now a condition has been created here that the other person is interested in yoga , sports and physical fitness. Any of the three holds interest. But along with these interests, their interest in health diet will also be added. They will see the ad only when it matches. Now, here I have selected three interests and here I have selected one additional interest. So this means that he may be interested in any of these three. For example, suppose a yoga person saw my ad. Ok? So he is interested in yoga. But the end will be visible only to those who are interested in health or diet along with yoga. So this is how the logic of and and happens here. They understand what the role of the end layer is. Like the first layer that we create contains Persona. Persona means who is he? Who is the person in front? What is his interest ? What is his profile? Ok? And the second layer we create is to know its intent, what does it want? What is his problem? Ok? What is his need ? To know this. And the third layer that we make is for the buyer. Will he buy it? Will he buy whatever product we are selling ? In this way we have to choose the buyer here. In which we can use behavior as well as demography. We can use either of them. For example, what was the persona here ? Fitness will be different. What was the end intent ? Nutrition, diet, supplements like this. How did we keep the end buyer? Engage on the show so that he buys. There are four main methods in end narrow targeting. The first method is that we can target interest along with interest. So for example, let us take the example of real estate. So here our first interest should be property investment. And along with this, we are saying that along with property investment, there should also be interest in mortgage loan. Only then will our ad be visible to the other person. Ok? And the second method is that you can also add behavior along with interest. For example, you are selling a skin care product through e-commerce. Your interest should be in skin care and what should be your behavior along with that? He should be on the Engage show. So only when both these conditions match will the other person see the ad. And thirdly, we can also use demographics with interest. For example, suppose someone has graduated in graduation, then what is this? Its demographics were done. But he should be interested. He should have interest in business and entrepreneurship. Only then will our ad be visible to the people in front. So this is called laser targeting. So now I have given some examples for you here. What should you do now? Practice these examples. You can try narrow targeting. And by using narrow targeting you can reach the actual customer. And that was all for today 's video. Today I have told you about narrow targeting, what is narrow targeting, when should it be done, why should it be done. And I will give the link of this PDF in my description. You can download this PDF from the description and read it completely and practice all the examples. So let's meet in the next video and in the next video we will cover detailed targeting completely by taking examples of 10-12 businesses. So let's meet in the next video

- Detailed Targeting Examples for Facebook Ads | Real Business Targeting Strategy in 2026 |  #21: Kind: captions Language: en So welcome back guys. In today's particular video, we are going to learn how you can do different detail targeting for different businesses. In that, how can you do narrow targeting along with detailed targeting. So we're going to do detailed targeting for each business. So come on this video and I promise you that after watching this video you will never have any problem in detail targeting. So without wasting your time let's go straight to the screen. So first of all let us take some business examples. Suppose you do real estate business. And when you run metals, you will have to do detail targeting. For example, if we go to Ad Manager, then we come to detail targeting. Now as you do detailed targeting to find your audience. Now you will need some interest, some behavior, some demographics here. So how can you target your audience for real estate so that you can reach the right audience, show your ads to them and earn good profits. So first of all, look, we have written some keywords here for real estate targeting. So where do you get these keywords from? So you have to think about this. Whatever keyword comes to your mind, just think about it and write it down. Ok? Like we thought, what audience could we have for real estate ? She may be the one who is interested in the new house. She could be someone who is interested in a new property and is a first-time buyer. You have interest in real estate , you have interest in mortgage calculator , you have interest in home loan , you have interest in apartment. So this can be our targeted audience which we can target on the basis of interest. And if we target people with these interests, then it is a basic thing that our ad will be visible to these people only. So let me show this practically in Meta Ad Manager. Ok? First let's see the new house. Like I'm investing in real estate right now. So let's see whether I get a new house or not. Like I wrote New House. So look, I got a new house here. So what will we do? People with new houses will be targeted. What will happen now? Whoever is interested in a new house, now our ad is visible to them. And as we look at relevance, we find many things here on which we can target on the basis of interest. Like first time buyers we can take these. House Property is here, Property Finder is here. Ok? Starter homes came, properties came, apartments came. Ok ? The residential area has arrived, the home has arrived. So he showed a lot of interest here. And by using these we can reach our right audience. So let's say here I take a first time buyer. Like let me buy a house here. So what did I just do? Three interest means taken here. Three targeting done. Now you have to see that whatever you are targeting, how much is your estimated reach going to be? So look, now my reach here has increased considerably. Ok? So now you might be having a doubt in your mind whether Sir, we need to do more detailed targeting. So the answer to this is no. Because look, if you do such detailed targeting that your audience goes from 7 lakh to 10 lakh. So, suppose I did three targetings, then in these three targetings our ad has reached a good number of my audience. So now I will make it enough. But now it will come to my mind that sir I have to add more keywords. For example, I have to add this apartment and this property residential area also. So should I add all this in one adset? So the answer to this will be no. You should not target too many details in a single ad set or add more than three or four interests. What can you do if you have to? Create a new adset. Look, here I go to New Adset. So look, I did another create adset. Now I will create another adset. Ok? And this is my second adset ready. Ok? Adset, let me name it those adsets. Now what will I do in this? In this I will do the other three targeting which I had skipped in that. Here I will do whatever was left for us, like let's take apartment here, I have taken apartment here, okay and here I will take property investing, those who want to invest in property, this can also be our target audience and those who are interested in real property, property finder, those who are looking for property, okay, those who are interested in investing, let's take this, okay and invest, investment business and property finder, okay, so in this way, here also we have targeted some audience on the basis of interest, so you can see how much its audience size has become? So it also has a good audience size here. So one thing to keep in mind is that do not do too many multiple detail targeting within a single adset. Don't add too many multiple interests, demographics, behaviors and so on. Ok? What will happen with this? Your ad will not be able to be properly optimized. If you have a lot of interests and you want to target them for testing, then you can create different adsets and target them here. So you saw how we targeted the real estate people. Now we also see narrow targeting in this. If you want to do narrow targeting, then I want to do very narrow targeting for real estate business in which we can reach the actual audience. So look, in this we will work by creating two layers. So in layer one we will keep people who have interest in New House. Ok? And in layer two we will keep people who are interested in mortgage calculator. So look how proper it is getting here. For example, those who are interested in buying a new house, they want to buy a new house and they also use a mortgage calculator. Who Uses a Mortgage Calculator? Those who have to calculate something like finding percentage etc., they need something like this. Like they calculate EMI. Isn't it? So this is how those people are. So if I have an interest in new houses and I have an interest in mortgage calculators, then maybe that could become our audience for real estate. So how do we do this? Look, let's go to the ad manager. Let me create another headset here. Ok? Now first of all we will go to detail targeting here and keep the interest of those who are interested in the new house. And now I will say that along with New House, he is also interested in mortgage calculator. So what should I do? Here I will define further for narrow targeting. And as I define further, now here comes the end logic which is also of interest in mortgage calculator. Okay, we saw the mortgage calculator. Now I will take it. So now this has become one of my layers. In Layer One, we placed the new house people and in Layer Two, we placed the mortgage calculator. Now when both these conditions match, there is interest in the new house as well as interest in the mortgage calculator. Only then will our ad be visible to the audience in front. Let's take another example. For example, suppose he is interested in marriage. Ok ? Is she interested in marriage or is she a new lead or newly engaged in six months. And at the same time he is also interested in the new house. So this can also be our perfect target audience. Let's take a look at this as well. First we ask what is his interest in? Is he at a wedding or is he at a marriage? Here comes the marriage wedding. So what are they interested in? In marriage wedding. And along with this, we want him to be interested in the new house. So we brought the New House guy here as well. So now see how proper a combination has been created here that not only is he interested in marriage or wedding but he is also interested in a new house. So this is our very detailed narrow targeting. Absolutely legendary targeting. Let us take another look. For example, suppose he has interest in property and at the same time he is also interested in investment. So look, I am telling you why should they be interested there. He has interest in property. So we took the property. And we want to know what else they are interested in besides the property? In investment. Here he is, he is interested in investment business and finance. So this is also a proper combination of our audience that they are interested in property and at the same time they are also interested in investment. So in this way we will get a completely proper targeted audience for real estate here. And secondly we take the business of packers and movers. How do we do detailed targeting for these businesses? you all must know about packers and movers and what they are. I write here what are movers and packers. So you can go and see the images here. Look, this is how the business of movers and packers works. Now if you get this type of clients or you do this type of business then how will you do detailed targeting? Look, when we put up ads for movers and packers, we have to understand the interest of people, what they are interested in, so that they can take our services. Ok? So look, one thing is that they may be interested in shipping. Why the interest in shipping? Because if they are interested in shipping then only they will look for us packers and movers. And the second thing is that they should be interested in logistics. Logistics also means that they move, pack etc. It means the same thing. Ok ? They should be interested in transport. They may be interested in import-export or in a new house. New house, so suppose they buy a new house then they will have to shift their belongings. So in this way, if we had targeted those audiences as well, then that would also have been our detailed targeting. Look, we can do it this way also. As it is written, DL Express means it is a website which does shipping etc. So we can target on its basis also. If you think that if someone is visiting the website of DHL Express or is interested in it, then somewhere or the other he will have to get the goods shifted or shipping done etc., only then he will be interested in it, in this application on this website, then those people will target such people. Then only we will find packers and movers here. Let's find out if we can find such people ? So first of all we see what his interest is in DHL. Ok? Look at their DHL Express, I got this in DHL Express. If the other person is interested in this thing then somewhere or the other he can take service from us. Look at this suggestion, he suggested more. Look, if the logistics are done then we will take the logistics. And the second thing we say is that if he is interested in transport then look, he has got transport, freight transport. Look, we have found this freight transport here, so we will take it. Ok? So this is how we did detail targeting. Now let's see what its size is going to be. Ok? So its size also went quite well here. What I mean to say is that your size should be above Rs 7 lakh. Ok? If you feel that you are not able to get the proper size then you can do more detailed targeting or keep it in broad targeting. Ok? Only if the size is big, your ad will run properly. Otherwise, if you manage with a very small size, it will not work. Ok? Now like you have more interests that you want to add. But I say that just add three or four ads, just add three or four interest ads. Don't do more than that. Ok? And if you want to add then create a new adset. Do more in New AdSet. Ok? So for example, I will tell you more in this. So let's see what e-commerce offers ? It is not necessary that you will get everything. Ok? You just have to search here and see what you get. Look, you got e-commerce here, whoever is interested in e-commerce retail. So we can target these people in this way. Let's see now, can we do narrow targeting for this ? We took an example for narrow targeting. In layer one we will keep the new house which has interest in the new house. And in layer two, those who have an interest in transport. So look how proper the combination has turned out. Firstly, he is interested in the new house. There is also interest in transport. So this could be our audience. We say that it should have interest in the new house. And at the same time he should have interest in transport. Well, here comes transportation. Ok? So now when this audience matches, like he is interested in new house and also in transport. So then we have got our actual target here. And this is called laser targeting. Let's take another example, can anything else happen ? Like look, this can be for those who are interested in interior design. Ok? Want to get interior design done and also have interest in logistics. Meaning logistics means that he has to get his goods etc. shifted from one place to another. So in this way also we can create a narrow audience. Let's see how to do this. So first of all let's look at interior designers. So we've got the interior design here. So we looked at interior designers. Now those who are interested in interior design. Also, what is their interest in ? In logistics. Ok? We got this. So we created a narrow audience that was interested in interior design and also had an interest in logistics. Isn't it? So this is also a proper narrow targeting for us here. And let's look at something else, like in layer one we will say that the other person should be interested in e-commerce and at the same time what should he be interested in? It should be in transporting, shipping, import export. Ok? Let's see what we get here this way ? So we said that the other person should be interested in e-commerce. We got e-commerce. And along with this, what should the other person be interested in ? Must be in transport. We took this transport here. So, this is also a proper audience that has been created for us in which we have interest in e-commerce. He is also interested in transport. So what happened to us ? The audience became narrow. Ok? So you understood this business. Now let us take the next example of another business, that of a wedding photographer. Ok? Suppose you are a wedding photographer or one of your clients is a wedding photographer. How will you target audiences for them? Look, for wedding photographers, we can use some detail targeting. Like maybe she is newly engaged. Those whose birthday is coming or has a birthday. This is going to be our audience. Those who are interested in wedding dresses can also be our audience. Okay, let's see about them, can we meet here ? Ok. So first of all I look at the newly engaged people here. Newly engaged people who got newly engaged in six months, look, we have got an audience. This can be useful for us for photography. Okay and look, he has given many more suggestions here. And secondly, we can say that brothers whose birthday is about to come are interested in birthdays. So here we have to select the birthday of the person whose upcoming birthday is about to come. Ok? If they are interested in wedding dresses, then in this way, whatever keywords you can think of, whatever are coming to your mind, put them all here which you think could be useful and test it, like three or four, I did a detailed targeting here, saw its size, okay, it went beyond 10 lakhs, it went beyond 7 lakhs, now I will have another headset, then I will add some new keywords in it, so what can I do in this way, for my wedding photographer business, I can do detailed targeting in this way, let's try that narrow targeting, here we can take one who is interested in what? Be an event manager. That means he might be looking somewhere to find an event manager who can do all the work for us and at the same time is interested in photography. So this will be your actual targeting audience. See what he is interested in? Firstly, he is interested in event management. Event Manager, look here you have found event management. Event Planning Who are you planning events. Ok? Such an interest and at the same time we are saying that in what should his interest be? He should be interested in photography. So you have got this photography too, right? So see, now what a proper combination has been established here that the other person is interested in event management and at the same time he is also interested in photography. So your ad has reached the actual target audience. Look at its size, it is quite good here, we have got its size here. Let's take another example. Let us take an example, say someone who is already married or has already had a wedding or is about to get married. And at the same time I am using that photography. Take another one here. Ah like suppose where is his interest? I am into wedding dresses and I am also interested in wedding photography. So this is your target audience. Ok? I have found one who is interested in brides and also in photography. Ok? So let's take one of them. Let us take wedding dress as an example. So I am taking it like, suppose the other person is interested in what ? There is interest in wedding dresses. So I will buy the wedding dress here. And I will do narrow targeting here. By defining further in this, I want that she is interested in wedding dresses as well as she is interested in photography. So this is actually mine, I mean now the audience has become proper here that along with wedding dress, they are also interested in photography. So this is a very good option for wedding photographers, you can get an audience here. Next, if your business is mutual funds, then how will you do detailed targeting in mutual funds ? How will you find your audience ? So look, in mutual funds, you can target those people who are interested in investment, you can target those people who are also interested in ROI i.e. return of investment, you can target them, life insurance people, insurance policy people or you can target those people who are interested in mutual funds, okay, so let us see here what all we get, now let us see what is there for mutual fund people, so I entered mutual fund here, so look, mutual fund investing has come, so now whoever is interested in mutual funds has become our audience and our business is of mutual funds only. So this is very proper. We found it here. It is not available most of the time but I found it here. Ok. And look, there is interest in this investment. Look, investment has come here, we will take the investment. And what else could it be? If we just put insurance then look at the insurance, we have got insurance here. So anyone who is interested in insurance can also be our target audience. Isn't it ? Look, I got this life insurance also. Life insurance also came here. So I got life insurance here also. Isn't it? So now see, we have got its proper size quite good. And a lot of things came here. Now whatever you feel is good and may be of interest to my target audience, then make it a new adset. Should I also take these people to New Adset? Isn't it? So this is what happened to us. Now look, this type of business does not require narrow targeting. Because you just saw how much audience I had in the small interest I took. Ok? So in this you do not have to make the audience very narrow. Because there are some businesses in which even if you do not do narrow audience targeting, it will work there. Ok? So in this, you should always keep detailed targeting in the business of such policies etc. There is no need to do much narrow targeting in this. Next is another business, for example, the business of an event manager or those who have a bakery shop or a beauty parlor. Isn't it? So if it is theirs then how will they do it? So look, it is possible that they may target some people whose birthday is coming up or has a birthday. Okay, are you interested in parties, are you interested in weddings or are you interested in event management? This is the best for them. It is best for those who are event managers that brother, you are directly interested in event management, you are interested in event management. Now if you have an event manager business then you should look for people who are interested in event management. So see what you get? This is event management. And the other person may be the one who is interested in the same marriage. So look, we have taken people interested in marriage or wedding, even if they are interested in it, then the meaning of our event manager can be another target audience because if someone has this type of interest, then somewhere or the other, they will want to organize this event, okay, like look, if someone's anniversary is coming, then they also look for an event manager, so we take the anniversary manager, it is the anniversary, so look, the anniversary has come, so we have taken the anniversary people, so in this way you can do detailed targeting etc. in this also, you can do it very well, okay, so now see in this, how can we create narrow targeting in this? For example, suppose someone's birthday is about to come but the month of birth is going to come in this month, then take the same month because when you are running the ad, then take people of that month, then you will get proper audience and you will also get proper profit from here. Ok? And whose birthday is coming in the same month and he is also interested in event management. So see how to choose that? So look, first I say that brother, he should be interested in being an event manager. And at the same time I am going to tell you that his birthday is going to come this month. So how do we choose? Instead of searching directly, I go to the browser. And I'm going to go into demographics here because birthdays are included in demographics. Is it in the end life event? Look, I went to a life event. And look, the date of birth has come here. And here I go in the month of birth. So see now in which month is his birth? Fill in April, August, December, February, January, July, March, May. Ok? So whatever month is going on right now, that month has to be targeted. For example, suppose right now I am taking any example randomly. Ok? For example, suppose it is the month of April now, then I will take those born in April. So now all those people who have their birthday in the month of April will be able to see your ad. Look, maybe he is interested in the party and at the same time he is also interested in the event manager. You are interested in weddings and also in event management. Ok? So you do it now by doing it practically. Now let us explore the second business further. For example, suppose you have a yoga course. If you teach yoga or have a yoga course and teach yoga online, then how will you do detailed targeting for your business ? It is very simple for yoga. I searched yoga. So look, Yoga Spirituality has arrived here. So we took the yoga people. So look, now as we have taken up yoga fitness, there is a lot of relevance here that you can also take this. So look, physical fitness has come here. We can take people with physical fitness. Ok? And here we can include those who do physical exercise. And English, this is it, all of them are there, you can see them here. You can do whatever you like, like there can be physical exercises also here. You can also include these types of businesses here for your detailed targeting. Ok? You saw this. Now if you also want to do narrow targeting etc. in this, you can do it. Narrow targeting means like this, suppose you have taken fitness people because they are interested in fitness but at the same time they are also interested in yoga, so in this way you can create interest as well, right? Now let us look at the next business because the class is going to be very long, so we will have to teach with a little speed, let us see, now let us understand one more thing that if someone is an astrologer or has a numerology business, then how will he target his audience, so look at his audience, maybe their interest is in astrology, maybe their interest is in Capricorn. Ok? And it may be in the horoscope. Isn't it? We are taking some examples here. They should be interested in future planning. So let's see if we get our audience here or not. So first of all I will search whether the brother is interested in that astrologer. So look, we have got Astrology Spiritual. Ok? So we said that brother, he is interested in astrology. Then along with that, see here many have automatically come into relevance. Look, he is interested in horoscope. So we took this. Look, he is interested in luck. It is in love, money, wealth and self-knowledge. Ok? I found so many of my own people here. Look, I have found spirituality. There is a field of study here. Ok? You have to choose the ones that interest you. Look, they have become yoga people. Isn't it ? This is how we can take them. And there were many more. So you can take the target audience here like this. For example, their interest may be in spirituality or yoga. So we will take the yoga people. Ok? So in this way you can do detailed targeting here for your business whether you are an astrologer or a numerologist. Ok ? So look, do you know what this business is like? This is a pain point driven business. This means that when the audience in front has some pain, only then they go to these businesses. For example, suppose someone gets divorced after marriage and is in pain, that is, he has a pain problem, he will go to them. Ok? So there are some businesses that are pain points. So you can also target their pain points. For example, suppose you want to start a digital marketing agency. So how can you reach your target audience and who could be your best target audience? Maybe someone who is interested in business. He may be interested in entrepreneurship. Small Businessmen, this could be yours. Ok? He is interested in e-commerce , clinic , restaurant, he can be an astrologer. Ok? So who are all these people to you? There is a targeted audience because all the business owners are your targeted audience. So see, in this you can target your audience very well. So first I will put it here for those who are interested in entrepreneurship. Isn't it ? So look, here comes entrepreneurship. So we will take this, he is interested in entrepreneurship. Maybe he may also get marketing done etc. Ok? Look, this small business has arrived. Became a small business owner. This could be our target audience. Ok? Look, those who are interested in business and finance can be our target audience. Okay, so look at how many targeted audiences we can have. You can also do it directly on the basis of demography. Like, who is that? Like he's an astrologer or something. You can do it this way also. Isn't it ? Or he has a restaurant, he has a clinic, he is a doctor. You can do business in this way also. So you just keep searching in detail targeting here. You will find something or the other here. So whatever business you want to target, target them directly. Ok. Look, those who are interested have also come from finance. Isn't it ? Now see how we can do narrow targeting for them and how we can reach the actual audience so that we get actual business from there for the digital marketing agency. So look, for narrow targeting we can take two things. For example, suppose you are targeting an interior designer and say, brother, we do digital marketing for interior designers. So how will you do it? So look you can get an interior designer. You can take their interest as well as demographics into account. Demography because what does demography mean is that he is already an interior designer, means he has his own business and along with that he also wants to do digital marketing, so look here we will say that brother, the interior designer, look here we got one interior designer, what did we get, interest and the second one we got was interior designer, that is the job title because he also does a job and he is also interested in this thing, so look, first we take the one with interest here and along with that we will also take his job holder here, we will take both of them, the job holder, we have taken this job also. So we took the interior designer. Now we are saying that what should be the interest of interior designer ? Must be into lead generation. Must be in Digital Marketing. Must have in social media marketing. So we are saying what should he be interested in? In lead generation. In what? Look, he should be interested in lead generation marketing. Isn't it ? So now this is proper targeting. Now only those people will see Amar Ad who are interior designers and also search for digital marketing. Their interest is in generating leads. Isn't it? Look at it this way, now we can also do it like this, target those who are small business owners and their interest should be in lead generation or in digital marketing, in social media marketing, I am telling us that brother, who should that be, he should be a small business owner, we have taken small business owner and at the same time we are saying that the small business owners should be interested in what, should they be interested in lead generation, so see, now this is how much of our target audience is for our digital marketing agency and we can do it like this, now we should target those who do real estate business and what should their interest be in ? Must have interest in lead generation. In this way, we can also do detailed targeting here for digital marketing agency. Next, look at solar installation, if this is the type of business that installs solar or that means its business is to sell solar. So how can you target the audience for that ? For example, suppose someone is interested in solar panels. Ok? Someone is interested in sustainable energy and someone is interested in rooftops. Isn't it? So this way we can take this target audience here. So we are saying that brother, its target audience may be interested in solar panels. So let's see if we get solar panels ? So look here, we have got solar panel energy and utility here. So we targeted this. Look here and we have suggested it. Look, solar energy is available. So we can also take solar energy. Ok? Look, renewable energy has arrived. Renewable energy also happened. Isn't it? Solar power sustainable energy has arrived. Look, we have taken sustainable energy. Isn't it ? Look, this photographic is done and whatever you get, it is okay, so this much target audience is enough for us, so in this way you can find the target audience for solar energy or for whatever solar installation you have, and here if you feel that whatever keywords come to your mind like eco- friendly green energy renewable energy solar energy, whatever keywords are coming to your mind, you should enter this and see if I get them or not, then what you should do with this also, check in your ad manager whether I am getting them or not, if I get them then it is best. If you do n't get it, whatever is given in relevance is fine. In this way you can target all your businesses. So here I took examples of many real businesses and told you how you have to do detailed targeting for these businesses , narrow targeting so that you can reach the actual customers. So that was all for today's video. And in today's video, I have taken examples from many businesses and told you many things here with real examples. So I hope you liked this video. If you liked the video, then subscribe to this channel and press the bell icon so that you get the notification of upcoming videos first.

- Facebook Ads for Beginners (2024 Tutorial): Kind: captions Language: en ladies and gentlemen you truly are in for a treat today because for some of you guys you're coming into this video with zero facebook ad experience for some of you guys you might be coming in with you know a moderate or intermediate level of knowledge when it comes to facebook ads so whatever stage you are at i will take you from that the full-blown expert by the end of today's video in fact i've even gone ahead and broken everything down into timestamps below so if you want to skip to a certain section you can go ahead and do that just make sure you stay around until the end of the video because i'm doing a massive massive massive giveaway you will not want to miss and on that note let's get into today's training so ladies and gentlemen facebook ads master class step-by-step 2022 here is what we will cover why advertise on facebook all assets you're going to need to basically start advertising how to set up your facebook page how to set up your business manager how to create your first campaign how to define your budget how to value results as well as how to optimize your campaigns so why advertise on facebook well it's pretty simple you know we've got 1.93 billion daily active users we have 28 billion total ad revenue every single year and you're gonna find that you'll spend roughly one dollars cost per click and 11.54 cents cpm now if you don't know what cpm means don't worry stick around this video and i'll show you exactly why now why do i advertise on facebook well that's a great question and and to answer that you need to look at my two main companies so iig meter right there is my advertising agency that i started at the age of 16 while i was still in high school to support me and my mom i've been running that for five and a half years having an advertising agency is about as cool as having an accounting firm really not you know like a crazy crazy exciting lifestyle what is crazy exciting about it is the money that it gives you the free cash flow because the margins and the profits are so good from it that i can you know have my cmo or at least now after five and a half years of running it i can have my cmo who runs it i only need to work four or five hours a week on it which by the way that's after five and a half years i don't think you'll have this in the first year okay like it's it's not um it's not easy but it's it's simple to build up and every year you need to do less and less to attract higher and higher paying plans but as i said now five and a half years on at this point it makes me anywhere from 1.2 to 1.5 million dollars a year profit uh and with that you can do some pretty cool things with your lifestyle so yeah that is my advertising agency so that's a big reason why we advertise even though i never touch any of my clients ad accounts anymore and haven't for like two years now um so that's that then i also actually run the biggest education company on earth that helps other agency owners primarily in non-competing industries start and we help people who literally just are work in university or have a day job and they just want a business a lifestyle business that can help them have financial freedom location freedom and time freedom and scale up to 10k a month we help that subsection of people all the way from the agencies who are already doing half a million dollars a year profit and want to get to a million dollars a year profit and also just kind of streamline their system so in that business we actually don't do a lot of it pretty much 95 of our business organic but we still do some advertising in that business to bring in new customers ah also to mention at my agency the way that we get most of our clients except for referrals these days i said once you do something for five and a half years you build up a long track record uh is ads so the way that we bring in new clients who don't know us is we advertise so we actually advertise to get clients and then we advertise for our clients so yeah that's a little bit about why i personally advertise on facebook anyways let's move on here are some benefits of advertising on facebook first things first sell more okay you can advertise your product or service and send people to your website to purchase you can generate leads okay so you can use facebook adverts to collect names emails phone numbers and more directly from your targeted customers you can also use facebook ads to distribute content facebook and instagram are also the ideal places to distribute the content you create and maximize your reach you can also use it for app installs okay you can advertise app on facebook and instagram and generate more downloads because of it so there are a few different value propositions first things first is testing all right facebook is the perfect sandbox to mass test your offer whether you're on a budget or you have venture capital backing up your business you can get results in as little as a day and you can validate whether this product actually works and whether the market even wants your product next thing targeting facebook is by far the ad network with the most information about their users now this allows us as advertisers to micro segment our target and reach our exact ideal customers not only that but their machine intelligence works so well that most of the times you don't even have to use targeting at all since it already knows exactly the type of users who are most likely to respond to your ads then we have cpc now the real beauty of facebook is that they only charge you once you get a click and you can get clicks for as low as one cent although you know that's not very common average cost per clicks we see is anywhere from you know 30 cents all the way up to two dollars depending on your market and country and last thing is predictability on facebook when you dial in your funnel and your offer you can consistently put one dollar in and get two three five hell even ten dollars out with predictability as the saying goes the most dependable and consistent way to generate wealth is to turn advertising into profit so let's talk about the assets you're going to need to actually start advertising first things first is business management now a business manager is the container that holds all of your business assets so within your business manager will live the ad accounts the pages the pixels as well as the payment methods now below your business manager we have ad accounts right so you'll have one business manager and inside your business manager you can have five ad accounts this is where you create all of your campaigns and as i said you can have multiple ad accounts per business manager then we have your page right so the facebook page is where your ads will actually run from then moving on we have your domain now facebook now requires you to verify the ownership of your domain in order to drive ads to it moving on pixel now the pixel is simply a piece of code you put on your website that will track all the visitors actions for you so you can actually track what sort of results your ads are yielding then we have payment method simple enough now if you already have all the assets set up you can actually skip to the following time stamp for the campaign creation step by step but if you don't let me run you through it so let's talk about creating a facebook page now i will leave the link in the description for page creation as well as the guide made by facebook on how to create it the key here is to use real brand information as well as giving facebook as much info as possible about your business because this way you're creating more trust with them and letting them know that you are a real and serious business and this will really help you down the line because as you may know these days it doesn't take much for facebook to decide to disable your ad account so the more virtue signaling you can give facebook the better now you know having your ad account disabled is very very common and there's always coming back from it you know it's it's just part of the game these days so if you ever have an ad account shut down or whatever don't worry like we have had i mean between us and all of our clients i don't even wanna it's in the hundreds and hundreds of ad accounts shut down potentially even a thousand at this point right it's it's more rare to advertise well i guess it also depends what industry you're in for the industry we work in e-commerce and education companies it's almost more rare to have your ad account not shut down than it is to have it shut down so um don't ever worry your stress if your ad account does go down now let's talk about step by step on how to create your page first things first you're going to go to that link to sign up you're going to select the type of page you want to create whether that's business brand or community public figure you're going to enter in your business information for category type a word or two that describes your business and facebook will suggest some options add profile and cover pictures create your page's username and then add your business details so things like description contact location hours website i have a bonus tip for you make sure that before you run ads your page has at least 20 posts this way facebook sees it as a real page and we recommend you post at least three times a day for the first seven days and then you can decrease that frequency to once a day now just make sure you always keep your page active because this will increase your page longevity as well as relevant score once you've done that let's move on to step number two which is creating your business manager now the business manager is a tool designed to be your primary hub on facebook to manage all of your pages ad accounts domains and other assets i will leave a link in the description for the actual page you need to go to in order to create a business manager once again make sure you use as much real info here as possible i said this is what the link looks like so you will click on create account and fill up the information with your real business data make sure to use a work email address as well so no at gmail just press the less reasons you give facebook to look it and be like something just looks a little off here the better okay so try to use a business email if possible next confirm the creation of your business manager by clicking on the link in the email once again here's another bonus tip for you make sure you go through the business verification process as soon as it is available on your business manager this will verify that your business is an actual registered business and add another extra layer of security to your business manager an essential step when it comes to avoiding bans now moving on creating your ad account now your ad account as mentioned is the container that will hold all of your ad campaigns it is an entity that lives inside of your business manager now in order to create your ad account go to business settings inside of your business manager click on add accounts click on add and create new now simply name the ad account whatever you want you know this is only for internal purposes and select your time zone and currency now make sure that your time zone corresponds to your currency so u.s time zones must use us dollar as its currency for example otherwise you'll have problems when trying to run ads your ads won't deliver and you will have to create a new account here's another little bonus tip for you at the beginning you will only have permission to create one ad account per business manager as soon as facebook charges your card for the first time this limit is raised to three ad accounts for business manager and i highly encourage that you create all three as soon as they are available to have as contingencies basically to have as backup options now connecting your page okay we need to connect the page you created to your business manager so that way you can run ads on it so go to business settings inside your business manager click on pages then click add and add a page then simply search for your page here and select it since you're already an admin of your own page you won't need to do any further confirmation and this is kind of what it looks like anyways moving on to the payment method okay now we have to add a payment method to your ad account so that facebook can charge you and this is basically what the payment method page looks like so you're going to go to your business settings inside of your business manager you're going to go to payment methods tab and simply add your card you can also connect a paypal account or bank account directly just a little side note i strongly discourage paypal uh for some reason it seems to increase the likeliness that you'll have at account shutdowns i don't know why facebook just doesn't seem to like it and uh the other thing is either your client if you have an agency or you personally if your card keeps getting declined once again facebook really doesn't like that and it might lead to ad account shutdowns so if a client has that issue like for example we've had clients where they have ammo you know they have their amex and it's the charge always goes through there is never ever ever an issue with them and with them it's fine you know they can rack up the amex points all is good but sometimes they might have another credit card provider and they're constantly constantly blocking or declining the payments uh as i said that can cause a real big issue when it comes to advertising so with those clients i know they don't get the whatever the points or this or that but at least their ads don't constantly keep getting uh paused which is basically what happens when you know facebook can't build uh the card on file so with those clients specifically or if this is happening to you then just go ahead and do a direct um i think it's a direct debit it's called basically where uh facebook can just bill your bank account you know right off the bat uh they don't have to charge the card because then that way there's never any declines ever now another little bonus tip and to be honest i kind of just alluded to that in the last section but make sure you never use your card on your client's account they should always add their own cards so that number one they're built directly from facebook without having you as an intermediary and number two the billing information is consistent throughout their account meaning the business name on their account info is the same as the one on the credit card being charged this will avoid any account hold due to billing issues next verifying your domain now domain verification provides a way for you to sort of claim ownership of your domain in facebook business manager this has become a must in order to run ads since the ios 14 update now there are three different ways to verify your domain dns verification html verification and meta tag verification only one of these methods is needed now you can learn more about them in more detail in the link i'll leave in the description but here i will go over the dns verification method which is the one we use most often at our agency so how to verify your domain go to the business settings inside your business manager and click on the domains tab click add new domain choose the dns verification option and copy the code provided now log in to your domain registrar and visit the dns settings page add a new dns record of the type txt enter at symbol in the host name field if required then in the content field you can paste the verification txt record provided in business manager then simply return to business manager and click verify now this process will be a bit different for each person depending on the domain registrant used but it should be pretty similar to the one shown here okay so if you have any issues during this process try googling how to add txt dns record on and then whoever your domain registrant name is right next creating your facebook pixel now the only thing missing before you actually get into creating our ad campaigns is creating and installing our facebook pixel the pixel is just a little piece of code that you put on all of your website's pages it acts as an informant for facebook giving information about what actions the users on your website are performing this is how facebook is able to track how many clicks your ads got how many conversions it generated which can be either purchases leads views or other actions such as i don't know um adding a product to the card or initiating checkout and how much revenue was actually generated from these conversions now in order to do this you go to events manager inside your business manager click connect to data sources and select web select facebook pixel and then click connect add your pixel name enter your website url to check for easy setup options and then click continue now in terms of actually installing the facebook pixel there are two main ways of installing the pixel on your website number one is pasting its code directly into the header of all of your pages this way the facebook pixel takes care of tracking everything for you or second connecting it through the new facebook conversions api this way you collect the data directly on your site and then feed this data back to facebook through their api this is also known as sorry if this gets a bit more technical for some of you guys but basically this is known as server-side tracking now just setting this up could be a standalone video however all the major website builders such as wordpress click funnels leadpages shopify uh woocommerce um a web flow etc etc right they all have native integrations where you can simply paste your pixel id and everything is automatically set up for you all right they all have step-by-step comprehensive documentation on how to set this up so what i encourage you to do rather because you know i can't make seven little micro videos for each one of those um those website builders okay what i encourage you to do is actually just to google how to install facebook pixel on and then whatever the name of the website builder is you will definitely find everything you need with that so now we actually kind of get into some more exciting stuff which is actually creating your campaigns now before we do that let's talk about the three layers of a campaign the three layers are well first of all campaign ad sets and ads now campaign is our top level layer where we choose our primary advertising goal now this could be conversions post engagement lead generation video views or traffic amongst other things now most of the times we are going to be optimizing for conversions now the ad set is the second layer that sits inside a campaign now one campaign could have one or it could have multiple ad sets and the ad set is where we select our targeting bids placements schedule and budget okay which i will say is in the case of if we are doing ad set budget optimization not optimizing the budget at the campaign level now the third layer is the ad now one ad set can have one or it could have multiple ads now the ad is the actual advertisement you see on your facebook and instagram it holds the copy the headline the image or the video of the ad as well as the url destination of it so this is how it actually looks inside of the business manager at the top you see the three levels from left to right now in terms of creating a campaign first select your objective now this is really a matter of asking yourself what do you want as a result of the campaign is it leads is it website visitors is it purchases on your stores visitors to a physical store views the answer of this question will dictate your campaign objective but i will give you some bonus tips we usually create one campaign per offer to keep things organized and to not mess with each campaign's own optimization we also like to set campaigns just for testing and a campaign just for prospecting now we usually create one campaign to test audiences one campaign to test creatives and then one campaign to test different landing pages then the winners from each of these campaigns gets promoted to a prospecting campaign that has all the best creatives the best audiences and the best landing pages now ideally you should set around 70 to 80 percent of your budget to prospecting campaigns and 20 to 30 to testing another thing is using ad set level budget for testing campaigns this way making sure each ad set gets enough spend to make a statistically significant decision now for prospecting campaigns we like to use campaign level budget optimization because they are usually more consistent and require less upkeep so hopefully that wasn't too intense and i managed to explain it simply enough so let's get back into it now it's time to create our ad sets so first things first is define your targeting to do so think about the majority of your customers and answer how old are they what gender what do they like what are they interested in try to picture this ideal client in your head and use the targeting options facebook gives you to select them especially the demographic part of it now when it comes to interest targeting we usually select one at a time so we can test which ones work and which ones don't with the least number of variables possible now here's a little bonus tip for you once again and that is that one of our historically best performing audiences across all industries is broad targeting this means no segmentation at all now this lets facebook use their algorithm at full steam without limitations and gives them the power to decide which user should see your ad now their machine learning is so powerful and has so much data that this tends to work better than micromanaging your targeting options plus the more data you feed the machine through your pixel the better the broad audiences work now as a general rule of thumb we like to always select audiences that are quite large and avoid small audiences now when your audiences are too small your campaigns end up with delivery problems such as way too high frequency and your cpms which basically is how much you spend to get a thousand impressions skyrockets now for our advertisements to work profitably we need to keep our cpms as low as possible and targeting large broad audiences helps a lot with that so don't be afraid of it facebook knows who should see your ads no matter how different your product or service may be now pay close attention here we will start talking about the ad creatives and if you can only take one thing from this training and throw everything else in the trash that should be to focus on ad creatives there's no other activity or tactic or hack that you could use in your campaigns targeting bidding or any other element of your ad campaign that is going to yield such high returns as your creatives a great creative can work with bad targeting bad campaign structure bad campaign optimization and bad bidding strategies however having the perfect targeting flawless campaign structure impeccable campaign optimization and highly optimized bidding strategies cannot save a campaign with bad creatives so always keep that in mind when creating your ad campaigns creatives are our biggest lever in advertising and 80 of your focus should be on developing better creatives and testing more variations of them then we actually choose our ad format now a single image ad is just a simple ad with an image creative this is the most used type of ad that you usually see running on your news feed but don't mistake simple with bad we have made our clients millions and not even millions multi multi multi eight figures with just simple image ads next there's video ads now video ads are by far our best performing ads and there's no limit on how long your video can be and you can take advantage of it to convey emotions and actually show your products benefits and use cases in practice which you are not able to do with just image ads in most cases that is the trick for making video ads work is having a strong hook at the beginning to grab people's attention having a dynamic video to actually keep people watching and having a strong call to action at the end next we move on to carousels now these are a great way to showcase multiple products you have or create a slide presentation of your services or even of your content this usually gets a higher cpm so you really have to test to gauge whether they are worth running or not in your case next we have collections now with collections you can take advantage of facebook instant experience features so it's kind of an on platform website that loads before loading your actual website now the great advantage of these type of ads is that they take more screen real estate than regular ads so you tend to have higher click-through rates now let me give you guys some more ninja bonus tips okay now you can try and test all those different formats but at the end of the day what really matters is the image video itself that you choose to use in your ad paired with a great piece of copy and there are three keys to creating high performing ads number one they have to entice you to stop the scroll the ad needs to be attention grabbing to the point where it is more interesting for the user to stop scrolling than it is to keep scrolling now this is achieved with your video slash image and it ideally should trigger a reaction from the user in the moment they see it number two they have to get the click now the ad should give a strong reason for the user to click on your website the best way to achieve this is through curiosity now avoid being all clickbaity because this will get your ads rejected but learn how to add enough curiosity in order to get the click and the last thing it shouldn't look like an ad nowadays we get bombarded with so many ads that by default we have the banner blindness within us so as soon as we see something that looks remotely like an ad we just tend to ignore it ideally your ad should look like a post from a friend on the user's news feed or stories next let's talk about writing your ad copy now the key to writing ad copy on facebook is not focusing on benefits or making promises about the end result as you see on most copywriting courses and the reason this is the case is because if you make any type of claims in your ads your account will most likely be disabled so you want to keep it as low key and under the radar as possible this is why you can talk about the features of your product another thing that works really well for us is telling a story or using a metaphor slash analogy to get a point across but you should avoid at all costs any results oriented claims health related claims you should not use personal attributes on your ads avoiding at all costs being clickbaity or sensationless using words like fantastic wonderful secret unbelievable facebook really doesn't like the stuff next is understanding what dictates success because no matter what business you are in most likely your most important metric that dictates success is going to be return on ad spend which we call roads so you always have to keep an eye on it but not only that you should also pay attention to what influences you as to go up and down and for this you have to understand the three metrics that impact row as and they are first things first cost per click second conversion rate and then average order value now cost per click is as the name suggests how much you pay for one click now this is a function of two other metrics cpm and click-through rate your cpm depends on the audience and countries you're targeting but also on how good your ad is so facebook considers your ad to be bad you'll be penalized with high cpms if facebook likes your ad meaning it gets a lot of engagement and clicks you will be rewarded with low cpms next is conversion rate now the conversion rate is how many people buy your product service out of all the ones that click on your ad now if your conversion rate is too low the math is never going to work in your favor that's why it's also important to invest in conversion rate optimization because this has a direct correlation on how well your ads perform a good conversion rate really depends on your industry and pricing of your product but as a general rule of thumb we like to have above two percent for e-commerce brands and above over one percent for education companies then we have average order value or aov now this is how much revenue you get out of one purchase on average so if you manage to make your users spend more per order your average order value goes up and so does your row as and you can increase your average order value by adding post-purchase upsells and experimenting with different product pricing so let's talk about how to actually define your budget now your budget is one of the most important elements of your ads and you can both set it at an ad set level and a campaign level now at ig media we like to use ad set level budgeting for testing new things and then campaign level budget for prospecting campaigns so as in once we've already tested something and we know an ad set works then it'll go into sort of like the full production campaign and then from there we will use a campaign budget optimization now how much should your budget be great question now this will largely vary on a case-by-case basis but we like to keep it as a general rule of thumb to never go below 0.5 x product price now this means that following this rule we would let facebook spend per ad set at least half the price of our product which would equal a 2x ros in case we get a purchase with this budget now if you go below that you are not giving facebook enough of a budget to test with for example if you sell a two thousand dollar product and you only test with twenty dollars a day during three days you only gave facebook sixty dollars to try to get a two thousand dollar purchase so that would mean a 33.3 return on ad spin in case you got a purchase which is just a little too unrealistic so when testing you always have to keep in mind the price of your product and be realistic with it okay don't expect to invest a few bucks and get a sale out of it also you have to invest enough in order to give facebook enough data to optimize from ideally if you have the budget for it you should test everything at least 1x the price of your product now when it comes to prospecting campaigns there's no rules for it okay it should be set to as high as you can as long as it is bringing in sales profitably okay now we do like to keep prospecting campaigns at around 70 to 80 percent of the overall account budget and then the other 20 or 30 goes to the testing campaigns now when optimizing your campaigns we always have your end result in mind so know your targeted kpis and compare them to current results of your campaigns and adjust accordingly now let's talk about how to actually optimize your campaigns because the first thing to note here is the length of your customer journey meaning how long does it take from the moment a user clicks on your ad to the moment they buy now for some businesses it can take seven days for others it is almost instant and for some it can take more than 30 days so take this period into consideration when evaluating results for example if your customer takes on average three days to convert it doesn't make sense to evaluate the results from yesterday on your campaigns because you have to give it the full three days to have complete data now the second point here is knowing when to kill ad sets as we talked earlier you have to give enough budget for facebook to test then it's quite simple after spending the full testing budget if it hits your target kpis you keep running if it didn't you kill it the key here is killing it fast okay don't let clear undeniable losers run for longer than they should this is what kills the overall performance of your ad account now the three elements of roads the final point here is identify the problems and work to solve them as i mentioned earlier roads is composed by a function of the cpc the conversion rate and the aov so when you're evaluating roads remember never to evaluate it on its own always have those three other metrics side by side to have context on why the roads is where it's at then if it's not satisfactory see which one of the three metrics is prejudicing it the most and work on fixing that specific bottleneck ladies and gentlemen we have broken down a lot here we're not quite done yet so let's keep going ladies and gentlemen i have three action steps for you today first things first i want you to click the first link in the description and booking a call with my student integration manager christian we would love to see if you are a good fit for our program and not only that on that link you'll get to see a 30-minute demo of agency navigator which is a program that thousands and thousands of people have used to go from 0 to 10k a month in i mean literally as early as 30 days but i don't like to say that usually the timeline we see is 90 days 180 days usually the more realistic timeline we see is anywhere from four to eight months with their agency with zero initial investment and you and if you thought this facebook ads training was in depth for a free youtube video you should see what i have inside of agency navigator we have 49 service delivery modules everything from google facebook snapchat you name it i've done it and that is just one section of an eight section course that also shows you step-by-step with live examples how to find clients how to close them how to find a team how to have the team deliver the services for you how to do accounting how to get your mindset right how to get your habits in order you name it we have it in there next i want you to go ahead and subscribe to the second channel because i'm actually gonna be doing four uploads a week there i'm gonna take it more seriously this year uh and in there i'm gonna do more sort of specific stuff if you're already running an agency okay so i'm gonna speak to you with the assumption that you already run an agency you already have a client or two maybe you're already a 5k 10k 30 50 even 100k a month right i'm gonna do some more advanced strategies on the second channel so i'll leave that link down below as well and last thing is i want you to leave a comment with what you thought of this video because i'm gonna go ahead and do something very special for you guys i'm gonna go ahead and give away a coaching call for every hundred unique comments so i'll keep the winners update in the comments so as i said on the pin comment down below i will get kieran who's the product manager of my education company every 100 comments he'll monitor and he will find the winner and then he'll reach out to you liaise with you find some time in my calendar the works and then he'll book in a one-on-one call with me so ladies and gentlemen i hope you guys enjoyed this video make sure you go ahead and follow all those action steps i really put a lot of time and effort into this so i hope that came across and on that note catch you guys the next one thank you so much for sticking until this point i know that if you've got in here then you are hungry for more knowledge and more content so i went ahead and specifically picked out an incredible video for you to watch next that i know you're gonna love check it out right there

- How to Automate Your Ad Strategies the Future of Google Ads, FB Ads and More Use Revealbot Solutions: Kind: captions Language: en introducing reveal automation with automation you can put your digital ad campaigns on autopilot just set your own rules and review will manage your ads for you say I want my ad set to be paused if it's cost per click is greater than a dollar and if its spend is over 500 I just set the rule and once these conditions are met reveal bot is going to pause my ad set for me and will send an instant alert right into slack so that my marketing team and I could see it I can come up with any rules I want for any AD campaign advert set or even an ad now review will constantly track my ad performance for me while I'm doing something else now try it yourself cheers

- Custom Audience Kab Aur Kaise Banaye? | Facebook Ads Retargeting Strategy | Meta Ads Tutorial Hindi: Kind: captions Language: en Does it ever happen to you that you are running an ad with an offer on a product and it is not getting sold? So if you are also facing this problem then this video is for you because in this video we are going to learn how to create a custom audience and retarget our audience and sell whatever product we offer. So let's come to the top of our screen. So now as you can see here what is custom audience? What is a custom audience ? First of all let us understand its definition. Custom Audiences is a powerful targeting feature in Facebook Ads that lets you deliver ads to people who have already engaged with your business, such as on your website, app, Page, or customer list. It is primarily used for retargeting, which increases the likelihood of a conversion, sale, or lead. So this is custom audience. Now you understand custom audiences. Now see how many types of custom audiences are there ? Look friends, there are two types of custom audiences. Two Types of Custom Audiences. The first one is from your sources and the other one is from erased sources. How to create custom audiences with Your Sourcers? For example, you created a website. You have a product. You created a Shopify website or an e-commerce website or a business website. What do you do now? You create your own website. Now what do you do about it? You put pixels. Ok ? What happens when you add pixels? The pixel will track all the users coming to your website. Will record them. It will keep track of who is visiting, who is clicking on which buttons, who is scrolling, who is staying for how long , who is visiting which pages. So it will track everything. What will we do now ? Then now we will create a custom audience and we will target on our website that whoever has visited our website, we want to target only them and want to show them double ads. So this is called creating a custom audience and targeting it. Next is the customer list. For example, let's say you have a product that you sell and you have at least 100 or 200 numbers. What can you do now ? You give those 100-200 numbers to Meta and tell him, brother Meta, find me more audiences like this or like this or show the ad only to the same audience for which I gave the numbers. So this is retargeting. Ok? Next is App Activity. If you have a mobile app that people are visiting, people are installing. You can target those who visited your app but did not install it by running double ads. Ok? And next is the offline activity and the catalogue is also the same. So this is how your sources are, which are your own. Ok? You see this custom audience. And the second way to create custom audiences is through meta sources. Because it does n't depend on us. This is given through meta. For example, we ran an ad on a video. Now which public came on the video? How long did you wait? How long did they watch your video? Who saw 15% , 25% or 50%. So we can target our audience in that way also. And now let's assume that who watched our video up to 50%. Now if we create a custom audience and target that person, then that person becomes our hot lead. So this is how we target by creating custom audiences. Look, second Instagram account, if any person visits your profile on Instagram , likes something, comments, shares or does any activity or just scrolls through your profile, then he will also be added to our customer list. Ok? What will we do now? Again custom audiences were created and targeted to those people who visited our profile. Now only those people will see our ad So this is called custom audience. Ok? And look, you created a campaign and created an instant form on it. Now you can track how many people filled the form, how many submitted it, how many did not submit it , how many people left it midway. What can you do now? You can retarget them. You can retarget those who filled the form halfway and returned it. So this is how we do retargeting here. Next is Facebook events and Facebook pages. So in this way our custom audience is created here. Now see where it is used. First of all, this will be used in retargeting. It is used to increase customer retention. Look alikes are used to create audiences. And it is also used for cross selling or upselling. For example, suppose you have to sell something else, what will you do? You will retarget. So this is your benefit. Now let us see where it is visible in the ad manager and where its option is. So let's go straight to the Ad Manager. So here comes our ad manager. Now you see, first of all I will come to the audience section here. Now here you will see an option of Create Audience. I will click on Create Audience. Then here you have custom audience. Look guys, you see two types of these. One is showing your source and the other is showing meta source. Now if you want to do retargeting then you will have to come here. For example, I go to a website and click next. So now what is the source saying here, first of all tell us your source. So what do we have to put in this source ? Pixels. Why do you have to add pixels ? Because this is your own website. And if you place the pixel on your own website, only then will it track who visited your website, how long they stayed, and which buttons they clicked. That's why we have to put pixels here. Ok? And then by entering the event here, entering the audience, then saving the name here, our audience is created in this way. Ok? This is the first option that is made from here. In its next video I will teach each part in detail. Like what is the customer list on the website ? I will teach all these things about app activity offline step by step in the next video. Ok? What is its other option ? Let's see this. Like we go inside any campaign and create a new campaign. Ok? So now let us create a new campaign here. So let me just edit any campaign here. After that we have to come to Edset. Now let me scroll down here. Now you will see an option here to create new. When I clicked on Create New here, two options appeared here. Custom Audiences and Lookalike Audiences. So we have to create a custom audience. Then as soon as I clicked on Custom Audience, we were redirected to the same page. What can we do now? From here, we can directly create any custom audience that we want to create. So that's what using Guys Custom Audiences is all about. And that's how we do retargeting by creating custom audiences. So that was all for today's video. If you have any doubt or I have not told you anything, then please do tell me in the comments so that I can cover that topic in my next video. So guys, let's meet in the next video. If you want to see the next video, then subscribe to this channel and press the bell icon so that you get the notification of the next video first. So let's meet in the next video

- Facebook Ad Results Going from 2X to 10X+ ROAS in less than 7 days: Kind: captions Language: en so and that is the one that I started after watching phase 1 on your program okay oh that one if you open it up that has this it has six ad sets and then I have a hundred and eighty ads so that one started on I believe it was Tuesday this one's doing great it's doing so good I cannot believe it well I really like this great control audience everything he did it exactly how it's supposed to be done and it's phenomenal okay awesome okay and this campaign here that one was one that I had running beforehand and so I actually found you because I was looking at open campaigns your program so I just kind of left that one running until we talked so I could get some advice from you on that okay got it okay so this one's on a two point two nine so if you're if the goal would be for you to get more purchases correct correct so if we were going to keep this audience we'd want to switch it to a purchase conversions or just turn this one off altogether and focus more on expanding on this campaign here specifically because okay yeah does that work yeah totally in this campaign that when we glue that into another campaign RJ I'll leave it this one specifically here yeah a little bit the add-on that has a ton of social proof I think it's about like over a thousand shares it's got 1,200 it's a good it's a good ad should I include that into something else yes you should is that ad in these audiences but yes okay so let's do that yeah what we'll do is we'll just put it in those testing audiences with the ones you have now okay wait specifically which one do we turn off it was and there we go it's 18 plus America okay and gals keep going down there we are this is the one with the and that one's just on it's got some good Instagram engagement but it's predominately it's a Facebook ad okay let's see perfect oh wow yeah okay cool good amount of engagement for sure yeah and people comment I mean all day everyday asking me to edit their photos and it just does really well okay so what we'll do is if this is okay it is Apple so if you just do command C you see it copies the ad mm-hmm command C and then all you got to do is just go here and select the campaign and then just select all the ad sets we want it to be in command B and it'll paste it into all of those audiences for you you're a ninja that's awesome perfect and then we'll just name this ad you can either do similar naming conventions or you could just do social proof on this one honestly yeah that's perfect that'll that verify your changes and then the Instagram account you'll leave that blank or do you want that one to happy yeah you can go on Instagram that's fine perfect I think it has all the interaction because you can post a photo in the comments on Facebook or as you can on Instagram right right okay great well this one's performing very very very well yeah I am like shocked great okay let's go ahead and look at this campaign specifically we'll just filter it by selection so that way we can just look at it and then the audience's underneath this one so the ad two carts here let's start with the lowest return on adspend okay and these right here at a two point eight five but that doesn't necessarily mean that they're it's a bad audience it just means that out of the testing it's done some of the spin has gone towards ads that just haven't converted and in these over here some of the spin has gone towards ads that are converting and so we essentially just want to get them lined up to where we only put spin towards the best-performing ones like for instance this one at 21 cents making you 88x let's why not keep that right let's let's optimize towards that one so what we could do is open up this audience specifically ranked it by amount spent and then these what we could do is start optimizing by turning some of these off okay what we're gonna do is real quick we're gonna check the creative reporting to see how that looks because that'll give us more insights into what ads are working and what heads aren't so that's not delivering this one is delivering yeah that one is the one with all the social proof no that one's actually a different campaign I'm not sure why it popped up um that one's a retargeting campaign that I just started yesterday hmm okay got it I see it here okay we'll go back to reporting might be a bit of a lag here no problem there we go so on the creative tool it essentially stacks all of the ads for you out of all the audiences rather than have to independently go through each one on your own that can be so time-consuming okay this really just organizes it all where you can see a as long as you're naming and everything is back here it'll stack it for you you can see used in six ads and since its sex then it stacks the data and it'll essentially show us which ones are performing and which ones are okay and so a lot of these down here for instance this six dollar one this three dollar one we know those aren't performing there they could perform but they're not performing now and we can make that call early on because we have some over here that are getting plenty of purchases in the dollar range right so that four dollars over there could have went into four purchases okay see these three all have similar pieces of content and they're at the top and we don't see those four images at the bottom right because we ranked it by the best so we'll notice that these images here are a little less aren't performing as well as say this image in this image okay so what we could do is all of the yep okay perfect Sagat we could turn them off individually there by just turning them off six at a time but there might be another way to do this since we know they all stack at the bottom we could rank it again here under all ads and see if they all migrate towards the bottom again you I love boys playing fortnight he's very weak in America right now all right like I have to work you can play for tonight all right it looks like we can't adjust it by mounts pin but what we could do is we could select all and then just deselect the ones with all purchases okay I see what you're doing right and then we'll scroll down and well we just put these into review so we'll give those a shot and then all those these don't have a lot spent on them a lot of these we know have been sitting at the bottom in terms of creative reporting because when you stack them all up they all these little cents tend to add up relatively quickly they have a lot of reach and we know that other ones are getting dollar purchases and some of these would have had results by now so we'll just all these off okay we'll just do this drop down and then turn off publish hey so how could you normally wait do you give it a set amount of days or hours four to seven days to really identify in your case it looks like we have enough purchases 33 to make a decision and that in this case I mean overwhelmingly this image is winning and then the little trick we know that headline or copy where this text is used the one-click edits those are working well we know these DIY photo edits with the hands are working really well right we know specifically this photo in this combination of text is like working outstanding because the only times we see it are at the very very top yeah that makes sense and so when we turn off these what will end up happening is we're at 4 dollars and 97 cents per purchase with a 5 point 4 7 X right now so if we just go ahead and deal filter by delivery my internet is lagging I'm sorry no worries ad delivery active and since these are the only ones active right now since we turned all these off you're out of four point nine seven currently and with them being turned off you'll now be at a two point seven five we essentially cut your cost in half and we just doubled your return on adspend from five to ten I have never seen that type of return that's amazing that's awesome well that's so cool so now we've doubled I didn't cut the cost in half and so literally without even spending a single dime or you're gonna get double the results which is really cool oh my word that's amazing seriously yeah crazy so I had it was so insane but the first month that I started running ads first or second I did 76,000 in sales off of like a $17,000 ad spend and it just blew my mind and so I was addicted to ads but then I could never replicate what I had done you know right yeah so this is like such an amazing formula to be able to get back to that 100% yeah it's really exciting yeah it is so exciting let's look at your cost or your amount spent on your budget daily ten dollars daily for each okay and what we'll do next is we'll rank will go ahead and add a column similar to what you had except we just want to see that budget column in this case so we'll just add the return on adspend in here okay and in order to scale results we want to look at your return so let's move this column closer to left so we can compare we want to look at the purchase return on adspend and the best ones so this one's at 11 so I would say these three right here what we do is since they have the highest returns we're just gonna go ahead and select those three and do a drop down to increase the spend will click budget on those three and we'll just select them and we'll just set the daily budget to 15 on all of them so goes up about fifteen dollars if that's fine oh yeah that's great and then what you'll see happen is these numbers might go down to a nine or might stay there they might go up but because they're high we want to increase the spin because if they're working and they're generating a lot of results we want to scale them okay and then these get neglected spin because I mean still great results but they're not in our top three in this case and then so I have a question about increasing the budget cuz I've always been afraid to do that is that okay to do because they're still in the learning phase or when does that work negatively or work against me to increase the budget so early on it's you can make changes because those ads we turned off would have reset the learning phase I'm guiding those ads in there from the social proof would have reset the learning phase what's gonna end up happening is after say seven days of running this campaign specifically you'll exit learning phase I'm sure and once that happens and it's out of learning phase then all we want to do is increase budget by 20% and in order to do that same thing you just do drop down budget and then you would just do the selection if they're out of learning of course increased daily budget by and then you just type in 2-0 for 20 percent you know automatically adjusts it for you so you don't have to pull out a calculator or anything okay you won't exit learning or you won't mess up your learning phase it'll just continue you'll be able to scale like that so every time you see good results every 48 hours feel free to go up 20% if you want to keep scaling okay and then there will be a point of diminished return because there always is there's always a peaking point somewhere but all it is all that matters is for you to be able to define what you're comfortable with in terms of purchase return announcement if that's a 3x and you're like hey we're gonna 3x I'm fine with going up until we hit that number yeah I did my high low so that's awesome so as long as you know you're within your numbers then feel free to scale it to 20% and no worries if sometimes it decreases that's alright because they'll balance itself out over time okay and then so this is just I'm advertising just one of my presets in this audience and these ads it's my home and decor but I have nine different presets I have some for food I have some for portraits so what I just duplicate this audience to advertise the different types of presets that I have and they get different campaigns so like where that one says home I would do one that says food purchases portrait purchases without be correct that's a good question so that would make sense the deal the only thing is you might have some audience overlap okay so it might be important to test whenever you want to add more filters what I would do is or more preset sorry let's see what the let's say that let's just go with this one is the best one you have 20 purchases on it it's getting a good return say for example right is there anything in this that specifically talks about this specific preset yeah it says home and decor and then it just talks about the high-end interiors okay got it yeah so I'm just trying to follow the same formatting whenever you launch a Neal preset that you want okay because let's say that this copy is working really well then just try to replace only the words that make sense to replace but keep the same formatting okay and then for the image if you can find something that's similar because we know it work then that'd be great too yeah the light and dark worked really well when it's a super dark photo and then it's really bright really well yeah well perfect yeah so do that and then all you have to do is simply launch them into these audiences it might reset learning but that won't be that big of a deal as long as you look at how many conversions the new presets getting and if it's working keep it if it's not turn it off okay so I should go ahead and do that today then put those other additional ads into that campaign yes okay or would it be good to make it put them in my retargeting campaign instead you want your best ad your best two ads and your retargeting okay I see when your best two ads and your retargeting because this should be getting purchases so I would add your best tool in here yep your best to ads that you can find okay and then that'll help with that sorry no worries and then what you can also do is let's see these are all good audiences one other pixal Vince do you happen to know you have let's see I think there's my gosh I don't actually remember no worries we can take a quick look are you looking for audiences analytics should help us get there and then is it this pixel yes perfect and then here's where a lot of this these metrics can pull up and you can create audiences here by adding a filter it's one way to do it so performed an event let's say do you weeds I don't think I know how to track leaves I have a form on my home page that will let people go into it it's five days for a better photo so that would technically be a lead but I don't think I haven't set up okay so there's another way to see what events you have running here so the subscribe button clink content view you have those you have those you have those okay there's some opportunities that we could do that are based on your lifetime value and specific value events you have with purchases okay so if we go back to your ads manager there's a few more look-alikes that you could actually test how nice and with those go into the same campaign those would go into the same campaign yep and is this the ad account no go down to the bottom this one so we can just do and then original campaign you can change your daily budget back to the ten on this one okay we'll create a new audience which is gonna be another custom audience okay and then we're gonna do website in this case and then we'll do purchase let me check one more thing it should automatically switch over to we're gonna see what's happening there should that was a close we almost got there but there should be a way to access your top value look like your highest value audience without having to upload but if you have a customer list where you have the values from the purchases and I haven't set up in there so is it just a look-alike for the purchasers with the lifetime value yeah thank you yet I think it's in their purchase 30 days that's from the website which is good we have that one oh there we go now we got it so this is the one we wanted to do so we had to click your pixel on the look-alike one because this is the only way you can access the value where they take the actual highest value of your customers and they take the ones we're generating the most and that will allow us to create a audience based off this okay so I must have it in there hidden somewhere right purchase yep that's it does this look like currently being tested I know if it is because I only have two campaigns going right now it would be in the retargeting gods so I don't believe it's in that one right now and then we'll just play setup here like it was and then if you want to go back and rename if needed did you feel free to do so okay and what we'll do is before we publish this we'll just open this one out to keep things organized what we can do is since all these are off there's no need to publish something that's not going to run so we'll just unselect the ones that we know are going to be running because they have the blue switch okay we'll just undo these and then we'll just delete these because you can only have 50 ads per ad set and if you're gonna add new ones we don't want to have a too many so now you have your six best per se right now and then all we got to do is just review and publish and then that's alive see how that one performs and then scale it if it works if it doesn't turn it off okay yeah so I steps would be just continue doing what you're doing and then increase budget if they're converting okay and everything looks like it's off to a great start so that's awesome yeah that's great yeah it's you know it's really cool I'm so so glad yeah so all of that is us-based and I've had some luck with other countries but I I wanted to expand quickly and scale quickly would I do this for Canada for Australia absolutely so just model this campaign okay duplicate swap them all out for Australia run em see how it performs okay yeah and then you'll be able to know what's working and what's not nice okay look cool yeah any any other questions okay so my only other question wise because I'm going through all the steps in your program to verify my business manager yes I'm a sole proprietor so I don't have all the documents yet I can get everything done but do you run into that a lot is that a big issue do I need to hurry that up or you don't have well it always helps because you'll you'll run into a less likely chance of having to worry about an ad account getting locked per se and if you're scaling you might hit a threshold at $250 per day okay which can also be a hurdle at some point and if you want to get a signed Facebook calls and be able to reach out to them and stuff it's always good to have it verified no rush on it it's just one of those safety measures that are in place that are in the event that something does happen which it does all the time for people you know like you might be generating 20,000 per month out of your ad account or 50,000 per month and then one day it shut off its like whoa there goes a big source of our revenue just disappears right so it's always nice have those things verified for the domain what you could do is you could verify ownership of this by following these steps I know sometimes oh you might have it actually is this the correct one yeah that's the correct one okay so you just connect it to the Add Account by doing add assets connected to is this your page yeah let it now they know that websites connected to that page so now they know when people go from that page to the website it is in fact yours oh good okay so you have that and then yeah business info you just try to verify that information great and then that should be good okay and then you can add your Instagram account okay perfect then you just assign the assets any time so that way every time you add something just try to connect it to the right page in an account if possible because that way whatever um I believe you got it all yeah okay so now the pixel on Facebook just knows what's interconnected that's perfect cool awesome yeah thank you so much I really am excited and I am so thankful for you and I just feel like I'm off to a great start because of all your help so thank you well that's great to hear I'm super excited to see how the results continue to come in and I look forward to us continuing what's what's happening yeah I meet you that's great well awesome is so nice getting to hop on this call with you if you have any questions feel free to reach out and then we also have those calls so perfect absolutely yeah hop on there's one today right all right every Monday and Wednesday that's right yes I don't know what day it is nobody does awesome well thank you so much chase I really appreciate your time yes thank you bye all right bye

- Facebook Ad Optimization 3.5X to 7.6X ROAS | #1 Facebook Ad Optimization Strategy: Kind: captions Language: en this ad set the home purchases um that has the six ad sets in it so i'm still trying to kind of figure out which ones to do you know to turn off in order to optimize everything would you be okay with you look at it for me yeah if you want to change the date to uh if you can hit on click today in the top right and then change it to let's do the 22nd to the 29th okay that way we get a full week plus today and then hit update all right and then you can minimize the go to meeting uh thing as well uh okay so it looks like okay if you want to go ahead and click on home see purchases so we can log in there and then if you want to scroll over to the right so we can see the return on ad spin sure oh wait let me go to the sorry there we go okay um all right 2.1 2.76 3.13 okay and then so we would want to turn off the initiate checkout 30 days but just to be sure switch it back to today okay so we did the full week it looks like it's at 2.76 and we're going to give it one chance to essentially have a high row as today let's see and it got nothing but it got a lot of spend it actually got the most amount of spend so let's flip it back to that time frame again back to the 22nd to the 29th and then what we're gonna do is we're going to before we make one final decision to cut this even though it looks like we need to and we probably should let's go ahead and open that ad set up and look at the ads because there could be one ad with nine purchases at a dollar each we just don't know all right looks like it's okay so you got a 6x out of 4.31 cents so go ahead and click add filter in the top left oh sorry under write under campaigns in the top left and then hit then type in like active and then do add deliveries active at the bottom yep so that is actually your best audience no way yeah that's your best audience right now because of those optimizations you made by turning off those ads it has the highest return on that spin at this very moment but face value it looked like it was the worst which i thought it was and i mean it was clear as day that it was like 2.76 and had 11 purchase it only made sense to turn it off but the one thing we finally checked was okay on the ad level how many ads are active and if there's any active at all what's their return on ad spin and in this case the only active ad is a six point zero four which is higher than all your other audiences which is really good oh my gosh okay so yeah absolutely because what's gonna happen is over time you'll see it average out to the higher number so that 2.76 is essentially the past week's data based off all the ads but since we only have one active ad and it's the best one then your return is actually much higher so what we'll do is let's do yesterday okay and then let's see what that looks like so it's a 4.21 so yeah it's holding in so yeah it's doing good we just need to essentially give it some more days to level out okay cool that makes sense all right let's look at that uh page view 30 days let's go ahead and do um let's do last seven or uh let's do the time frame 20 second to the 29th again okay and then go ahead and click on home see purchases audience the the campaign level and then go ahead and just select ads and uh on the third bar there you go and now what we're going to do is we're just going to optimize on the ad level to find out because you're at a 5.3 5.93 right now which is really good every every hundred dollars you spend you're making 600 basically yeah it's like it's been amazing yeah that's really cool um so what we could do is rank it by return on ad spend let's go ahead and you know why not push it a little higher than six we don't want to get too you know not too greedy but you know there's optimizations we can still make to improve it uh okay let's see let's scroll down a little bit and then all right so your lowest one is at a 3.14 3.38 3.46 3.56 they have a good amount of purchases down there we can go ahead and turn off oh wait that one has purchase at a 3.14 and then the only other active ad has a 4.2 one okay do today and yesterday last two days just today and yesterday uh combined do uh 28th and 29th oh sorry okay we're gonna get that 28th and 29th yeah because we're trying to look at these sets of data to see how things are running if like over time they're getting better if over if they stay active longer are they getting worse are they improving as we make optimizations are they actually improving okay it looks like you're both of so you have that us lao one percent purchase at the very bottom that no purchase there it's the third one from the bottom um third one up from the bottom and then you have the one at the very top which it has four purchases so that is getting better click that one click edits the one you're hovering click that okay uh don't open it just uh check the box and what this is going to do whenever you change the date so select that box now what's gonna happen is whenever you change the date oh you gotta click it oh my gosh there we go now whenever you change the date it'll stay highlighted so let's go ahead and go back to the 22nd to the 29th yeah so that ad is actually worth turning off it's the worst one and what and how do we know right now over this large data set from the 22nd to the 29th that's eight days it's at the bottom then what we did was we did last two days which is today and yesterday and it's at the third from the top of the bottom okay it's just no good okay and we could probably do that for a few others but that was the most immediate one so we push it up about a point point one i think it was a point zero one maybe of an improvement every point zero something counts um the three point three eight and one at the very bottom is in the page view audience and you have that one can be turned off actually and reasonably right here yeah and you see how it says one percent page view [Music] the fourth one from the down from the top that other one has seven at 299 for purchase at 9.32 okay and it's in the same ad set okay same ad set except that other one has way better results so this one could just be turned off very good okay now 3.46 out of 845. you have six in that control audience that one has one second from the top at 290 added 17 but only has three purchases the next two are towards the middle and those have pretty good returns and then the next two down from that are all above five so this one at the very bottom can be turned off because it has five other ads above a five x row as this is three yep this three point four six can be turned off okay most people dream of three points four six but you know that's not these results all right three point five three one add to carts at a six point five eight cost per purchase and the other one is at third from top it has nine at 193. look at that that's crazy that is crazy that bottom one can be turned off for sure all right now what are we looking at um okay four point two one this one's at one percent purchase the other one is i think it's been removed go ahead and press that uh in the top right there should be a refresh button the update now yes wow those improvements yeah that's huge took it from a from a 5.93 all the way to a 7.59 that's crazy those are some big changes all right so let's not do any further optimizations because that is a really good tune up from there okay i do have a question on this one right here that has only had one um and it's only had one purchase over seven days and it hasn't had any lately do i just continue to let it play out or yeah because what you'll see is facebook will give it like a couple pennies a day yeah i'll give it a dollar every now and then if it's you know acting a little nice and it might get a purchase at like 14 cents but then it doesn't get a purchase for like another week but over time when it's giving it 15 cents a dollar 25 cents every day it turns out to be about one purchase a week at 23 which is fine even though it doesn't get much spin but it's still good results okay that makes sense and then these learning limited um so it has been almost a week since these ads have been on is that any concern or is that okay um i wouldn't say it's a concern now not with a 7.59 and those two learning limiteds at the top are 17x 13x everything's above average looks great what we could do is we could go to your ad set level and look at the on these right now go to the ad sets in the center column yep all right and go ahead and collapse everything with that little collapse button next to name it's a collapse oh yeah that works too um and then okay everything here is good let's go ahead and switch back to performance columns so we can see what the budget's at all right where's that at uh columns on the right next to breakdown okay and then just uh the columns to yeah then hit performance yep and now we got where your daily so let's go ahead and select all and do drop down next to export and do budget and then uh on the it's the edit button on the far left right underneath that sets just click that drop down and then do budget and then let's go ahead and do an increase of 20 okay then select all then do increase yup oops 20 hey 200 why not all right and then so total daily budget was 75 but a 20 increase takes you to 90 which is 15 15 in this case equates to let's see 118 more dollars a day like money made wow yeah let's publish that okay now those are good to go those are all the optimizations you need to make perfect okay okay and then what about the other campaign the other one is doing really well there's a little bit of a lag sorry so this home purchase is doing really good it is yeah they just got out of the learning phase today okay okay great that's perfect that's exactly where you needed to be i'm really happy now you can expect that on a weekly basis wow that's crazy to me that's so exciting yeah so those should be very stable you might have one down week they always happen sometime it'll hit you and you'll be like what happened just let it run it'll work itself out sometimes there's always one weird week whatever happened in the news or whatever the case is going on in the world something might happen right um because what you'll notice is like everybody might be 90 of them might have purchased out of california in los angeles you might be like what in the world happened this week if we're doing it across the u.s but realistically it's like one city something must have happened and now things are off right there's always cases like that but they always work but this is good you should you should expect it to remain consistent if you see any like significant drops that shouldn't that i doubt it'll happen but if it doesn't something could be wrong okay but yeah this is great those results look good every week that should be good to go that's so crazy so then once i am verified then this would be the ad set or the campaign that i'd like to continue to scale up right which one uh this home purchase can with the the one that we're looking at right now this campaign would this be the one i would want to duplicate and scale up once i'm verified the home c purchases yeah oh no the the one that we're looking at right now the home purchase this one um oh if you want to duplicate and scale up eventually once i'm verified i'm still waiting to get verified um so i'm not going to increase my spend drastically until then because i'm already now i think at like 400 a day okay between all the ad sets so then would this be the one once i'm verified that i can duplicate and continue to scale up yes or you could increase it by 20 every 48 hours and you'll never exit learning you'll never reset learning okay which one is which one is better well if you don't want to have to worry about overlap because what happens when you duplicate your event you're overlapping your bids so technically you could spike your own cost against yourself by 50 cents and it might not be super noticeable like you might not feel it or notice it because there's just so much dough rolling through but that 50 cents over the course of a few months adds up to be hundreds of dollars you paid out because you bid against yourself it's like you going in the room and when you raise your auction tag for 100 it's like you put up your other arm and put 115. so if you look i have this look-alike audience the one percent page view is also in this audience as well so am i essentially bidding against myself on these as well it's not a big it it only happens whenever you're spending a lot on two different audiences 18 daily against 172 it's not as uh yeah there's not much that'll happen there but whenever you have like a thousand versus a 400 daily there's going to be overlap somehow i mean it's just hard to avoid um so the best thing would be so we have 172 0.5 times two that's 345 times 0.2 that's 69 would be added if you did 20 percent and then every time you did twenty percent yeah it would go up maybe it would go up 86 then you did it again it'd go up 140 and then just keep compounding it'll grow really fast over a few days okay i can do that then that's great um and then but i do need to wait on the verification is that still correct you don't have to it's ideal right because everything's going smooth roads and all of a sudden boom locked it's like what happened okay we're just doing so good okay right so yeah but you can hit 500 i believe if you're at plus all these many ones i forgot what i think it was ninety dollars it said it was yeah right now yeah so you have about you know your cap could be higher than 500 we don't know yet it'll tell you eventually and it'll tell me his sales will slow down no it'll actually tell you a warning sign will come up and say hey you can't scale any further your max daily thresholds 500 until verified oh i've never cause i've been writing ads for a year and i've i've done a couple of thousand a day and i've never had that happen well perfect yeah have you ever had an account locked no oh then i wouldn't worry about it then okay yeah feel free to keep scaling then oh good okay it's always nice to take the precaution but if you've never had any issues in the past then i wouldn't worry too much about it it's it's not likely it'll happen oh good because i'm a sole proprietor and i'm becoming an llc but they require all that paperwork as far as i know are you able to get verified as a sole proprietor of no okay so i'm just waiting on the paperwork that it's gonna take a good month because of everything going on right now right yeah yeah but i mean if you've never had any issues in the past don't worry about it people who usually have new accounts or new at scaling they'll run into the issue but there's never been an issue when you've done it before then there's no cost for concern oh good okay yeah i've spent close to 300 000 on ads and i've never had an issue great yeah then i wouldn't worry about it at all oh good oh that is such good news because i was i was ready to scale fast so that's good yeah yeah then do it yay okay awesome perfect yeah looks good i mean things are getting better and better and better and better and better so yeah i can't wait to see next monday we'll show you what's happening cool alrighty okay thanks so much chase thank you bye bye

- How to Sell Watch from Facebook Ads | WhatsApp Lead Generation Step-by-Step 2026 (Hindi): Kind: captions Language: en So today we are going to generate a lot of WhatsApp leads on this watch for this client. So first of all we go to our ad manager. Here we type Ad Manager and then come to Meta Ad Manager and then go to Ad Manager. After this we go to our client's ad account. So this opens up our client's ad manager. Now first of all, before placing the ad, we will have to do billing and payment. So we have to come here to the Billing and Payment section. Now here we add funds and add our budget here. So I quickly add my budget. Okay, now ₹500 has been added to the brand's ad account. So let's get this done. Ok ? Now let us come to the campaign here. Now let's just go to Create here and then we will go to Lead Campaign because we are going to generate WhatsApp leads. Then continue. Now first of all let us name the campaign here. Come down. Here the campaigns will come in budget and here I select my budget of ₹200 daily. Ok? Then just click next. And the headset name appears. We also keep some name of the adset in the adset name. The gifts come down. Now we are going to do WhatsApp lead generation, so we will go to Single and select WhatsApp. Then we will come down and it is written here on Facebook page. So here we will select the client's Facebook page. Now let's come down here. Let's scroll down. And as soon as we come down here, now we come to location etc. So we will select the location. So now we are going to sell out their watches all over India. So we will keep India here only. Okay then let's come down here and let's go to show suggestions. As soon as we open it, an edge appears here. So we will select our age here. So our age is going to be from 20 to 40. Now gender comes into play here. So we select the gender. Only for women because our watch is only for women. Ok? Then we come down here and do a little bit of detail targeting. In this case, there is no need for detailed targeting after the enrollment update comes. But still we want to give a suggestion to Meta that brother, you should show our ad to these people. So look, first of all I want that whoever is interested in watches should be interested in watch accessories. So that should be our audience. Ok? The second one I take is that they also take the behavior. So what should the behavior be like? Must be an engaged shopper. Ok? Then they come down here. He will do it here and in the suggestions. Look, this comes into relevance. So what did they give in relevance? Online Shopping, Retail, Interest. Let me take the online shopping one as well. Ok? So now we have done three detail targeting here. And this is more than enough. We don't have to do much detailed targeting. Otherwise, our audience becomes very low. Ok? So now look how much our estimated size is visible here? Our estimated size has come here quite well. This means that our campaign is going to perform the best. Okay, now we come down here and go to placement and do the show more option and come here, we remove the audience network from here on our platform and in the platform. And here I am not going to keep WhatsApp right now because WhatsApp is a good thing but I am not going to keep it right now because I only want to generate leads on Facebook and Instagram. So now I will next it here. And after this I will name the ad here. Ok. And I'll come down here. And now let's come to the ad setup. So in the ad setup, I'm going to keep the create ad. The ends come down. And what do I do to add setup creative here? I'm going to put a video ad. Ok? And just here, what do we do now? Let's upload our video. So first of all here I click on upload. And here I can see where the client's video is. Ok? So this is a one line watch video. So I will upload it here. So let's just let it upload. Ok done. So it just got uploaded. Then now we will next it here. And let's skip and continue here. And here I will select everyone originally so that the size proper becomes equal in all. Ok. Now the most important part comes, how to write the primary text, how to write the headline and how to write the description and our CTA will be WhatsApp because we are going to generate the WhatsApp list. So many people get stuck here. So let me tell you its simple formula. Ok? How do you want to generate what? First of all you have to go here on your chat GPT. So I come to chat on GPT. Ok? Now we have come here to chat on GPT. Now see what you have to do? First of all, whatever your watch product is, okay? What do you have to do with it? First of all you have to copy its link. Look, this is a very amazing method. Okay, now whatever photo of their product is there, let us download the photo of their first product here. So we also download the photo of the product. Okay, let's download the photo of this product here. I ca n't download the photo here. So let's take a screenshot of it. I took this screenshot. And then we have to come for change. The first step is to paste the screenshot. Ok? Then paste the link here also. If you have it. If there is no link, no website then there is no problem. Ok? And come down here. And then what do you have to do now ? Copy this completely from here. How far? Till the description. Ok ? Copied. And go here and go back to Chat GPT and paste it here. Ok? And just come down here a little bit. And write one line here at the end. We wrote this down. Now see what he will do next? He will understand and find out everything according to his own understanding. And he will write and give us a perfect primary text, line description and everything. Okay, look at this, just look at this, the primary text, we have given the first primary text, emotional stylish watch in just Rs. 499, okay, perfect for gifting, premium loop, light weight, comfortable with every outfit, means it is so good, by highlighting point to point, so good, the primary text has been given that it will be amazing. Ok? I will just copy this one because I like the first one too. Ok? So here I copied the first one and just come here to my primary text and give my primary text here. Ok ? The primary text should be short. A little bit should be good. This is how it should be point wise. Ok? Now let us come to the headline. Look, he has a lot of them. We have been given the primary text here. Keep whatever you like. Now let us read the headline. Which headline do we like? So first of all 499 only stylish ladies watch. This is also looking good. So I'll just take the previous headline. Ok? Now let us look at the other one also. Like premium look watch at lowest price. This also looks good. So let's take this one as well. Ok? I'm just going to put two headlines right now. I wo n't put too many headlines. Ok? Let me put this first headline here. This first headline is one but what will I do? Let me add another headline. Ok? So I liked two headlines there. So I'll put another headline so that whatever performs well will run its course. Ok? You can have five headlines like this. So it's up to you. Ok? I look at the description and if the description is good then I keep it. Yes, look at this, COD is available, fast delivery is very good, this is very good, it brings us sale. This description brings very good sales of this type. Ok? This is our completion. Primary Test Headline Description. You should also use the beans. Let's just move it to next now. And just look here as to which one to keep on and which one to keep off. Ok? But I will still tell you which one to keep off and which one to keep on. Show Highlight, what it does is it highlights your things, so look at it here, it will highlight in this way that brother, this is your product, so keep it on. Ok? End Text Improvement Keep this on as well. And video touch up, keep it on if you want. Otherwise, if you have any creative text format, then turn it off here. Ok? But mine is in video format so I am keeping it on. And add video effect, I will turn it off from here now. Ok? And let me turn this off for you. Ok? I will finish the loan. Ok? Now my campaign is completely set up. Ok? Once here we see the creative etc. How will it look? Look, this is how our creatives will look. And I want to see its preview mode. So I'll come over here to the preview one. And I'll preview it here. Ok? Let me just preview it here. Ok? Now look at this. Now it's in the preview. Now see how it will look, that is, how it will look on Instagram Foot, how it will look on Instagram Story, how it will look everywhere on Instagram and how our call action will be visible to people here, okay, so in this way you can see here in preview mode how your campaign, your ad will be visible to people here, now we come down here, scroll down, all the other things are done by us, now the main thing comes in the chat builder, brother, if someone who is our customer sees our ad, what should we do, he should automatically send us an automatic message on WhatsApp. Ok? So to create an auto message I will do a save template. And here I have already made one for the watch. So in this way you can already make it here. If you want to make it, how will you make it? So look what simple thing do you have to do? Go to Create Template. Go to Create Template. Here you have to go to Start Conversion. Where? Click on Start Convert and Next. And now here comes the text. Please write something good here. Welcome. Get the welcome type chat created using GPT. Ok? Here is the call to action to visit the website. Ok? Click on Visit Website and enter the URL of the website here. Got the URL of the website. For example, this is my watch, so I took its URL and copied it here. Ok? And I copied and pasted it here. Ok ? Now create a prefilled message as to what message your customer will send when he comes to your WhatsApp ? So the prefilled message automatically comes here like hello can I get more information. Hello can I get more info on this? So it will come automatically like this. If you feel like making a change, then write here, I want to purchase this product. So you can create this automatically. So look, people will come like this. I want to purchase this product and people will send it here. Ok? Now see how that one is made, look how the one I have already made is made. Here I went to Save Template. Here I go to the watch guy. And I will edit it and tell you. Look, here I have written Welcome to Khushi, you can purchase directly from our website. Here I wrote 'visit website' and put the link of the website. In the prefilled message, I wrote 'I am interested in your premium watch collection, please help', this is how I have created it here. Okay, so I will keep this selected for now and then now our complete campaign has been setup. So let us just publish it here. So our campaign is already completely set up. So what do you have to do now? Pay view will be coming here with details. So you have to go to the view details and check whether the status of your campaign is showing complete or not. Check whether your adjustment is complete or not. Check whether your ad is complete or not. So if it says complete here, it means that your campaign has been run successfully. If it shows an error here then fix it. Ok? This is where it comes to fixing. Then you can fix it here. So that was all for today 's video. Today I set up a live lead campaign and showed you how we generate WhatsApp leads on a watch. Ok? Now see you in the next new video. And till then, keep subscribing to this channel because you will get to see such live and practical videos only on this channel. So let's meet in the next video

- 7 Effective Marketing Strategies for 2026 (TIPS, TRICKS & TACTICS): Kind: captions Language: en - Hey there, my friend, Adam here. Today, I wanna share with you seven marketing secrets or marketing hacks or marketing tricks, essentially things that nobody's really talking about. Not even me that often. And it's because they're a little more complicated and a little more nuanced than the quick hits that we often get when it comes to social media, things like post at this time, or adapt your content for this algorithm tweak or use this kind of font or this kind of color or all of those things. What I'd rather do is get to the core of why your marketing may not be working as well as you want. And even if it is working okay, understanding the seven things that I'm gonna be walking you through here today will allow you to immediately upgrade all of it. Get better results, more clicks, more traffic, more sales from everything you do. And not only that, probably the most important thing that I could ever give you is to show you how to think about your marketing, how to process different marketing strategies and basically the crazy stuff that goes on inside my head when I'm evaluating different marketing tactics and tools and resources and all of that. So my goal here today is as ambitious as it is, is to try to pack seven secrets and seven hacks into a very short period of time, so that you're gonna be able to watch this. And you're going to be able to extract these little golden nuggets and apply them to your business, to your client's business, to whatever it is that you're doing. And it starts right now. So the very first thing that we need to talk about is kind of what ends up happening when someone says, "Hey, my marketing's just not working. Like, it's just nothing's happening. No one's clicking. No one's watching my stuff. The algorithm isn't pushing it or promoting it to people. Nothing's working." It's something that I hear all the time. I see it in the comments below very common. 90% of the time, it's because they're just not doing enough marketing. It's just a question of volume. It's a question of quantity, not so much quality. So let me explain. I don't know who's to blame for this one. Maybe it's the get-rich-quick things. Maybe it's all of the courses and the programs that promise that you can become a millionaire in 30 days with no work or whatever it is. But for some reason, when people think about marketing, they think that all they need to do is make a Facebook ad or an Instagram ad or post one video on YouTube and they'll just blow up and become the next viral sensation and everything will just work out miraculously well, and, seriously, I wish this was the case. That'd be amazing, but it's not, right. It's like marketing is just a business function. I'm gonna make this sound horribly boring, but it's like accounting or finance or legal aspects of a business or HR or sales or whatever it is. They're all just different business functions, which means that they require time. They require energy. They require money and investment in them in order to get them to work. Now, what ends up happening is most people will make one post on social media. It won't get the traction. And then they'll swear off that platform. So they'll hop over here, try out Twitter now and make a couple tweets. Nobody engages. So they say, "Well, Twitter doesn't work," and they'll make a YouTube video. And then that won't take off and they get frustrated and they get angry because it's just not working when the reality is, they probably just haven't done enough. And that's why the first concept, the first sort of hacker secret is identifying the marketing sweet spot. So in the most rudimentary art drawing class ever, let me show you exactly what I mean by marketing sweet spot. And you can see where you fall and where the vast majority of businesses fall. And if you find yourself in this position, you know that the answer is to keep on pushing through. It's not to dial back. It's not to pivot. It's not to do anything like that. It's just to keep going forward. So lemme show you what that looks like. So I want you to imagine for a second, a bell curve, kind of like the traditional bell curve. Of course, that'll be the, there we go. We'll get some ink flowing here. So this is our bell curve, our ugly, ugly bell curve. And it's gonna have three different sections. Now over here on the left, this is what you're going to call the minimum effective dose. So the MED, the minimum effective dose. Essentially, what ends up happening here is until you're in this range, nothing you do matters. It's about sort of making that one post on social media that someone sees one time and then that's it. And then you wonder why it's not working. It's about spending $5 on Facebook ads or Instagram ads and not getting immediate sales and then sort of swearing off the entire online advertising system and that, but the reality is we just haven't hit There's not enough momentum. There's not enough touch points. There's not enough exposures and reach and engagement with the audience that you're trying to reach. And we're gonna talk about that one in just a second, but this is where 90% of businesses fall as they sit around here in this minimum effective dose kind of half committing to different strategies, and then wondering why nothing's working and the answer here, the solution is, again, you've got to push through, you've got to move up here. And this is the sweet spot. This is where you're going to find sort of the saturation of your market. You're going to be hitting the number of touch points that are required. Again, we'll talk about that in just a second. You're going to be making sure that the people that you want to reach are actually seeing your content. You're gonna make sure that you've essentially saturated everything that you can. Now, the reality is this sweet spot is huge, massive, massively huge. Like when we're thinking about your business, your market or your industry, these are huge, huge industries, billions and billions of dollars. So unless your business is doing a billion dollars a year or more, there's more that you can do. It's crazy when I hear about someone that thinks that, "Well, look, I'm already posting once a day on Instagram," or, "I'm already making one YouTube video a week," or, "I've got a podcast. I'm pretty much maxed out. There's nothing else I can do." And they're sitting at around, say a million bucks a year, and they're in, let's use health and fitness. So if you're in, let's say the health and fitness industry, this massive multi-billion dollar industry and your business is doing a million a year, two million a year, a hundred grand a year, whatever it is, you haven't even scratched the surface for what you're capable of doing and for the amount of people that you could reach. So you could go from one post a day to five posts a day. You could make one video on YouTube a week to one video on YouTube a day. You could do two videos a day. You could start other channels. You could have other podcasts. There's so much that you can do. Now, of course, at some point, you're going to reach this third area, which is diminishing returns, biminishing returns. There we go, D for diminishing, diminishing returns. There's gonna be some point where eventually more money, more effort, more time isn't gonna pay off, but I can't even begin to tell you of all of the businesses I've worked with over the last 10 years, the tiniest fraction falls in here. And typically it's when they're spending like a million dollars a month on ads and they simply can't get in front of more people with their ads. So they're doing blogging, they're doing podcasting, they're doing SEO. They're running Google ads and Facebook ads and Instagram ads and all that. The biggest example here is if you're running some kind of search-based PPC, pay-per-click advertising, like a Google search ad. At the end of the day, you can't make people search for more stuff. So you can max out. But again, you can make that broader. You can go for discovery ad platforms like Facebook and Instagram, where you can put things in front of people that may potentially be interested. There's a lot of ways. So the reality is, let's find a bright, happy, colorful marker. This is where we're going for, this sweet spot here. Like everybody is down here in this sort of minimum effective dose. They haven't even scratched the surface for what's possible. And then they're wondering why their marketing is not working. The best piece of advice of everything that I could give you here is, really, you just have to do more. Now, of course, you need to be strategic. You need to think through it. That's what the rest of this is going to be about, but more is your answer. So on that note, how much more? And that leads me to the marketing rule of seven. Now, depending on your business or market or your industry, depending on if you're selling something for low-dollar value or high-dollar value, it's kind of universally agreed that for somebody to make a purchase decision, for someone to take action and actually buy from you, they need around seven touch points, which means seven engagements, seven interactions with your brand. You can't simply put something in front of them one time, expect them to buy and then call it a day. You're gonna have to do this multiple times, seven. Now, if it's expensive, it's gonna be seven to 14. If it's significantly cheaper, like you're selling a pack of gum for 99 cents or something, you probably don't need seven touch points. One should be sufficient, but that rule of seven is important because it forces you to not give up too early. It's just like when you're looking at these statistics around sales and you realize that most conversions, most closes for sales happen after like five rejections or five follow ups, five emails, five extra calls. It's rarely, pretty much never, the first time. Same thing goes with marketing. A bit of a side note here, but marketing is kind of selling one to many, sales is one to one, marketing, one to many. So we use the same concepts, the same strategies, all of that with sales. But I like to think of marketing as a little more exciting and a little more challenging even because instead of trying to convince one person at a time and overcome their objections and their fears and their concerns, we have to do this on mass and we have to do it without really getting much feedback from our market. So rule of seven, that's important. Now, how do we do this? Well, we do this by showing up in front of our ideal target market where they're present and active, which means that we need to be selective about what social media platforms we're going to, about what kind of content we're creating, about where we're putting that. And we need to make sure that it's in alignment, not only with you and your content style and what you like doing, hate doing, but also where your people are. In fact, that's the most important element. There's no point on being on Twitter or Pinterest or TikTok or Instagram or YouTube if your people aren't there. So you've gotta find out where they're present and active online, and then you've got to make it your mission to follow up and to make sure that you're consistently showing up in front of them with value, with content, and with offers. So that's the marketing rule of seven. Now the next point is more of a psychological phenomenon, more of a mental hack that you can use. I've talked about this a ton on this channel here, but it's called the mere exposure effect and what the mere exposure effect is, is a psychological phenomenon that says we, as people, as humans, we associate frequency with trust. So the more often that we show up in front of people, the more often that they see us, the more they know us, the more they like us and the more that they trust us. This kind of stems back to caveman days, where if we saw something enough times and it didn't try to kill us or eat us, we assumed it was safe. Well, all of that programming, all of that evolution is carried forward to today. So now when we see things again and again and again, we naturally start to like things more because we're familiar with them. They're less scary and, therefore, we're more likely to trust them. So this is why the marketing rule of seven is so important. This is why following up is so important. This is why making sure that you've got a solid email marketing strategy in place is paramount. It's crucial. Probably the second most important thing I could offer here, the first one is to make sure that you get out of that minimum effective dose zone and into the sweet spot, by doing more. The second probably most valuable piece of advice I could give you is to make sure that you're doing some kind of email marketing and you're doing it more than you think. So for some weird reason, there's this rule, this gospel in the marketing world, that you should send one marketing email a week at most, maybe one a month, 'cause you don't wanna bother people. Garbage. It's absolute garbage. There's plenty of businesses and industries where you could send one email every three days, you could send one email a day. There's some businesses and companies that I've consulted for and done work with and own and have stake in that do two emails a day and it works. People don't get angry, they don't unsubscribe. You've just got to know who your market is. At the very least, however, I'd say that you should be shooting for three emails a week, kind of at minimum. Otherwise, again, you're not going to have the chance to establish yourself and to take advantage of all of those touch points and the marketing rule of seven and the mere exposure effect. And that leads me perfectly to the next kind of secret, which is that you really wanna go deep rather than broad. So let me tell you what is probably my biggest pet peeve when it comes to marketing. And that's whenever I ask somebody, "Well, who's your target market?" And they say, "Everyone," or "People with money," and that's amazing. That'd be great, but there's like eight billion people on the planet. And I promise you, you don't want all of them. Even if they all wanted to do business with you, some of them are just terrible, terrible fits for your business. So why don't we rein that in a little bit. And even if we were to say separate men and women, well, now, we're down to like four billion or then we separate to this country. Now we're down to like a hundred million and then maybe this area, now we're down to 30 million. I mean, still, we're gonna wanna carve that down to a significantly lower number, someone that you're going to be able to connect with on a deeper level. So the easiest way to do this is to take a look at yourself and your business. Now I appreciate you are not your customer. You know things that they don't know, you have experiences that they don't have. However, most people, when it comes to business, they're solving a problem that they had at some point. They're solving something that they know about, that they care about, that they want to share and help other people. So you probably understand a little bit about your situation and what they're going through, and, therefore, you're more likely to attract people similar to you. It's another kind of same reason that if you are a personal brand or a coach or consultant or someone like that, you tend to attract people, give or take 10 years around your age. So if you're 30, you'll attract like 20 to 40. If you're 40, you'll attract 30 to 50, whatever it is. There's like this 20-year sliding scale, 10 years on each side that tends to work, that can balloon out a little bit here and there. But on average, you'll find most of your people fall in that range. Again, it's just because you relate to them better. You know the words that they use, you grew up in the similar time, you have the same references, all of that stuff. But the point is you want to go deep here and you wanna make better connections with fewer people than these superficial surface level connections with a ton of people. The big reason here is because when you go broad, when you go after everybody, you're forced to naturally water down your message. It becomes more vanilla, it becomes more bland. And it has to, because if you are being specific about someone's unique pains and unique problems, well, it wouldn't be appealing or interesting to, like, everybody else. So, therefore, you have to make it broad. And when you're broad, you're boring and everybody just ignores you. And you sound like 99% of the other businesses and marketers out there saying the same things, like we offer higher quality and we offer better service and all of that stuff that everybody's heard a million times before and they're completely blind and deaf to. So the best way to solve this is to move on to our next point here, which is that you need an ICA. ICA is marketing talk for ideal customer avatar. I'm not completely strict on this exact fictional representation of your ideal customer. And you've got to give them a name and a hair color, and they've got to wear this kind of shoes and listen to this kind of music. I don't think that's necessary. It's helpful at times, what I think is more important is that you get really clear around the commonalities, the common characteristics that your top customers, your top clients, your top audience members have in common. And we typically divide this into three different categories. The first of which being demographic. So what's their age, their gender, their income, their occupation, their title, all of those stereotypical marketing things that we associate. Number two, what are their geographic details? What city, state, province, country, where do they live? Number three, they're psychographic details. This is all of the head stuff. And this is where the bulk of your ICA should really be formed. So what are their values, their attitudes, their interests, their beliefs, their organizations, their political affiliations, their lifestyles, things that make them them. After all, we often want to group people into these broad buckets, like men or women or this age or that age. But the reality is depending on what product or service you sell, you may have a wide range of that. And it may be more problem based. On the other hand, you may also have multiple different ICAs, ideal customer avatars. That's cool too. I'm all right if you've got like, look, we work well with women who are 20 to 25 and we also work well with men who are 40 to 45, but those two different ICAs are gonna have different pains and problems and fears and frustrations. We'll talk about that in just a second. So you can serve them both, but you need to serve them both with different messages. You simply can't appeal to them by using the same generic, broad, bland terminology 'cause you're just gonna turn the other one off by talking about things that are completely irrelevant to them. So you have an ICA, but make sure that it's specific and you can have multiple. And on that note, the way to dive into that is with the psychographic details of their values and attitudes and interests and beliefs. And I call that their miracles and miseries. So let me find my pen, and let's talk about that now. All right, so when it comes to creating your ideal customer avatar, when it comes to thinking about your audience, your clients, your customers, the money is, the value, the real results that you're going to get from your marketing come down to identifying their Now there's this great expression that I love that says customers don't buy when they understand, they buy when they feel understood. The way to make them feel understood is with this. So their miracles that's over here, that's all the things that they want, their needs, their desires, their dreams, all of the things that they wish would happen, the desired end state of where they're trying to get. And then of course, over here, you've got their miseries. These are their fears, their problems, their pains, their frustrations, all of the things that they're trying to get away from, at least in regards to your business and to your offer. You need to identify what these are and ideally drill down into which the most important and the most painful ones are. And then what the most desirable end states are, because then you're going to be able to position your business as the bridge that takes them from miracle, oh, here we go. Memo to self: I gotta buy some smaller tip markers, but that's it. This is your business right there. Your business's job, your offer, your product, your service, whatever it is that you sell, it's only mission is to move them away from their current state that they're in right now, that they don't want to be in, whatever that pain is, and towards the desired end state. And the better that you're able to communicate that, which is essentially the job of marketing, it's to communicate the value of what you have to them in regards to your offer, your product, your service. The better you're able to do that, the more likely you are to get somebody to take action and to actually buy from you and move them here. And this is where the conversions happen. It's right here. It's moving them away from miseries and towards miracles. And on that note, let's hit the next point here, which is a very cliched thing to say, but I wanna break it down a little bit more. There's this super cliched saying in marketing that says you want to sell the benefits, not the features or sell the sizzle, not the steak. The problem is, is that like most cliches, there's that element of truth to it that's absolutely the fact here, is like when it comes to marketing and to representing what it is that you're selling and what you're trying to promote, it's not about the features, it's about what those features are going to deliver through the benefits. That's what they're after. They don't care about features. They care about how those features are going to positively impact them. So yes, we can make a cursory mention of the features. We gotta highlight them. We'll talk about them. And we'll talk about kind of the flip side of that in just a second, but the real value is in the benefit. Now, one of my favorite examples and it kind of stems from like, "Hey, sell me this pen." Well, it comes down to, this pen doesn't actually have a pen cap, but we're gonna use that analogy anyway. It's sort of like, well, why does the pen have a pen cap or fictional pen cap? And the reason that this pen has a pen cap and the benefits it provides, that's what we wanna highlight. So the feature is a pen cap. The benefits is, well, it prevents you from getting ink all over yourself. And then of course we could elaborate on that. We could explain it a little further and so on. A bit of a side note, do you know why pen caps have like those tiny little holes? I dunno if you've got a pen around, you can find one, but like they've got those little holes on the pen lid, it's actually so if you swallow it, you don't choke to death. Random, hey. Anyway, the reason that benefits work significantly better than features, is because benefits are emotionally driven, and emotion is far more powerful driver than logic. It doesn't mean we can't have logic. It doesn't mean we shouldn't use logic. We absolutely should, but emotion is the money maker. That's what compels somebody to take action. When they feel it, like, deep down in their core, this is going to make my life better. This is going to help me achieve the goals that I want. This is going to increase my status. This is going to make me healthier or happier or wealthier or any of those intrinsic drivers that we have as humans, when we're able to properly communicate that, that's when conversions happen. That's when sales happen. Now here's the kicker. When you're first creating your marketing, whether it's through an ad or a sales page or a social media post or an email or anything like that, we always wanna highlight the benefits. And then of course, we're gonna talk about the features. But if for some reason, people don't convert, we flip it. And then the next time, we lead with features and we back up the benefits. And the reason that we do this is because we know that emotion is a significantly more powerful driver than logic, but logic still has a part. Not to mention, it's not that some people are, or it's not just that some people are more emotional than logical. We all know those people that fall on one end of the spectrum or another, but it's also that we, as people, we have days where we're more emotional or more logical. And within those days, we have hours where we're more emotional and more logical and there's situations and circumstances that you can't always control for, which is why we really want to cover our bases. We wanna, of course, lead with emotion, 'cause it's the most powerful driver, but we want to back it up with logic. The next time somebody interacts with us, if we tried emotion and it didn't work, we'll lead with logic and we'll back it up with emotion, and we'll kind of go back and forth. We'll sprinkle in social proof. We'll sprinkle in other forms of testimonials, we'll sprinkle in guarantees and risk reversals. We'll use all of the tools in our toolbox as marketers to get somebody to take action, knowing full well that we don't have control over where they're at right now in their current situation. And it's funny, I didn't actually plan this, but this actually kind of leads us full circle back to that beginning statement of minimum effective dose of you're simply probably not doing enough if you're not getting the results that you want. I mean, you can see here, when we look over the rule of seven and the mere exposure effect, we need to go deep. We need to have ICAs, talk about their miracles and miseries. We need to highlight benefits. And if that doesn't work, we go for the logical element. And then we go back to benefits. All of this is going to take time. It's gonna take energy, and it's gonna take investment in your marketing, which is why if you're at this stage right now where it's just not delivering the results that you want, you need to do more. Now of course, I'm not gonna leave you hanging with just that, which is why I'm gonna link up a video right here that's gonna show you a digital marketing strategy that's going to help. So make sure to check it out now, and we'll see you in the next video. Now the worst offense here is not having a marketing funnel or more accurately not thinking about your marketing funnel and instead, just hoping and wishing.

- Facebook Ads 2020 | Campaign Structure, Audiences & Retargeting for eCommerce (Full Guide): Kind: captions Language: en what is this at today 10 yeah it's going out okay cool so we want to end up getting your cost per result down on this but uh you have multiple ad sets here you know are these different i mean are these just different audiences but same products okay uh yeah right there the so the top one is our uh that's our purchase pixel 1 to 10. and then the other ones are interest interest audiences which are uh and then the purchase pixel is excluded from there one is like for some sunglass companies and and then the other one is the uh is our customer list from 614 and then look-alike audience for one to ten through that so it's basically the same as the purpose pixel but what i found is by doing it this way this is set up this one right here on the uh the the uh bidding you know you bid per or not bidding uh cost control target cost uh and so i have duplicate audiences because if not what'll happen is if one of those for the day is running high on the per purchase it'll quit running it so i basically kind of have it duplicated to where it'll you know and what's funny is this this women's one actually gets the most clicks the most action but it's this it's one of the smaller audience sizes okay yeah so essentially what i'm seeing here is uh right now you have essentially one ad set that has more than 50 purchases in the last um seven days so as anything that has more than 50 purchases in the last seven days is going to have more consistent results it's going to exit learning and it's probably going to have the lowest cost result um in a lot of cases right so like when we do the last seven you can see this one has the most purchases and right now it's at a 5 51 this one's at a 5 21 this one's at 7 37 5 45 6 67 and then we do this week which is essentially seven days as well you can see this one's at 579 right 6.49 this one doesn't have more than 50 and it's higher in costs this one doesn't have more than 50 and it's higher in cost this one doesn't have more than 50 and it's higher than cost it's higher in cost this number didn't move but by a few pennies if at most even when we looked at the other seven days and that's because it's consistent it's going to maintain your lowest cost per result it's going to have a average return ad spin and you're going to be out of learning and most your budget's going to go here no matter what even if it's the smallest audience even if this audience could be three times the size generate three times could potentially generate three times the better results but because this one's getting out of uh the learning and it's actually just maintaining kids consistent costs the algorithm isn't even really going to do too much in these other audiences other than send a few you know maybe 100 its way every now and then and then your costs are still going to be pretty high so you're actually capping yourself in the knees by not just having all of these audiences together and being able to scale higher get like 250 purchases on one single ad set with one single campaign with you know your two best ads and get your cost for purchase down to like actually like four dollars and fifty cents and actually have like closer to a more average two plus row as than having this structure right now this is a really good structure and it's working but the problem is here's your three opportunities here and here's your other two so there's there's really like six opportunities here that you could actually get better results than you're at right now does that make sense yeah so like i could already see this being way better in terms of results if we just did those things and because it's a cost control uh essentially like we won't disturb anything here yet but we can build out that entire campaign set it all up the exact way it needs to be and you'll probably see like a 10 to 20 percent even maybe even thirty percent in some cases advertisers report of an increase in results for them um most companies that are spending about two thousand dollars a day on a single campaign it makes the most sense to do it this way and cost control is actually fine and it can actually be really effective because you need to maintain your cost for result you don't need something so fluctuating whenever you're spending this kind of money like 5 000 daily you don't want fluctuations in your results because you could have a very profitable week then have one down week and wipe out all your profits last week and be absolutely pissed right um because it's like you know what the hell we just had a great week and now we're on this week and it's all gone you don't want that you just want stability in your results and have a lot of stability in a bunch of different flows of campaigns so that way your profits add up gradually over time make sense yeah i mean cbo was cbo was great while the cost was while the cost per result was staying down yeah i just all i had to do was just keep on adding to the budget 20 every two days you know and it scaled itself but once the you know and if you look the the other ads the other campaign on there the one that says full speed that's cbo it's the what are you looking at this week it probably gotta look seven days to really see the so this week would be seven days first okay okay cool yeah so if you look at we're going to say women's full speed yeah that's cbo i was just checking it but it yeah yeah yeah so it's only and it's only running one so it's yeah okay it's only running one yeah that's it and look here like even like whenever we go to like the most recent data i mean this the truth still holds like this one's at a two and it's getting better but just imagine if you gave this thing like its full juice and it could do way way way better numbers so let's go ahead and set that up so that way you can see what that would look like right yep we won't activate anything we'll just completely structure the campaign so you can see it so essentially all we're going to do is just duplicate this into a new campaign we're going to name it like a cbo proven stacked because we're just going to stack them okay yeah we want to show the existing on all that we'll just duplicate this now into that campaign and now that we have that in a new campaign here now essentially we want to create a new audience because we don't use your saved and then we need to choose everything that was in that other one so let's just get this into a uh another browser so we can actually have a way of looking at your audiences without having to switch around too much so once this loads we're going to take the audiences you had in the one that's generating a lot of purchases so that's all the one percent look likes now a question and i don't know that i ever got the really follow the answer so when i create a lookalike audience so these were created whatever a month and a half ago two months ago does that look like that look like audience doesn't that recreates dynamically yeah it's always updating yeah so there's no need to yeah that's the beauty of having lookalikes because they'll always change for you as your audience is always moving so you're always getting new people into the audience yeah because i also have it i also have on most of these it excludes anybody who's viewed content so yeah so it looks like you had a purchase one percent of last thirty [Music] one percent last thirty purchase 1 last yep that looks like it's it grab that there's one off the purchase pixel which is i guess that's value based yeah and then initiate checkout last 30 i believe it is then you had your focus list focus uh what did that say female customer list female customer list yeah of one percent yep okay and then you have age 24 to 65 females wait let me stay here go back to this okay so we have those three audiences then what we're going to do is go to this one now you have here and we're going to add in the 10 sunglass guarantee let's correct one yep then this one here before we add in the rest of these no not that one how about this one 193. this one's at 194. what is this these are both uh customer exports yeah that's that that female customer list the whole 10 percent cool okay so we'll add in that one which is customer export you said yeah that's gotta be the there's an m and an f let's see what the f this one here yeah because i just wanted to separate the customers by male and female figured it would give a bigger audience cool and then we're going to check one final one which would be yeah we don't know i don't think we need this one let's just double check yeah i know even though it has 597 did you use this one last month 193. last month last week uh yeah no way um yeah last week it's a good last week but it's starting to go down which one is this that's the two percent that's the 519 oh okay we already have that in there yeah because it's basically in the one to ten percent right cool yeah we got that one all right so essentially we have all the audiences we need then what we're doing is uh you want it to be the 24 right yeah it seems like we don't really get much under that 24. what's funny is actually as much as we feel like you know in the stores we sell that like this really young crowd on the web if you look through the reviews it's and and and through i think demographics wise we're more of a only women on this one because it'll go to the women's page cool all right then your cost control what do you want it to be under 631 yeah that's what we said it that's why i haven't said it before yes it seems like because the cpm of of women's is is so high uh if i if i set it lower it just doesn't even show the app that's that's the tough part about this cost control one is it just feels like i just bottlenecked myself yeah cbo on the cost but i tried i tried on on saturday mornings i'll flip over that one that says full speed to run at cbo and today i just it just was it's running cbo right now on the men's side because the cpm is so much lower on those audiences that it works but i couldn't run it on the uh yeah okay so we have this set up now and we need to rename this which is going to be like here there's a lot of different look likes in here so we have all that set up now and then we want to exclude those purchases that you've had previously mm-hmm nicely purchases i exclude thanksgiving content views because i think i've had such a bad time retargeting i'm just like hey if you don't buy it when you come the first time then i don't want to waste money showing you my ad add to cart and then purchase i agree with that in the car cool all right now that you have that then we're just going to close this out we're going to leave it as a draft right now we're going to go to the campaign level edit we're going to switch this thing to campaign budget and that other audience is your 2100 so we're going to put that exact same budget in here cool and essentially highest value for you in your case you're looking to maintain your cost for result or are you fine with having a higher return on ad spin i mean yeah i i'm the one thing when i talked to the facebook guy he said you know the problem with cost troy said you you said yes you re remove your higher uh acquisition said but you also removed some of your lower cost opportunities too so i mean yeah i said i'd be fine running at cbo if the average cost was was lower yep okay so we have this now that's ready and then you have these two ads which have worked for you in the past are these the the video ad doesn't really do anything nobody really even looks the video out it doesn't even get shown it's it's on there but was that the video ad or this one here no yeah that's the video ad right there and i think we've got a few people i guess yeah there's not much going on on this one yeah but uh but everybody says you need video but no this is fine because you have you have both so you reach more placements but i mean yeah this one's loaded with social proof so naturally the system is going to show this one a lot more no that's that's that's the reason i think that one works because it has yeah you know cool awesome okay so that's the first one right so essentially what you would do is um turn this one on and then you would literally just um start letting it run for seven days straight and it will exit learning and your cost will go down and you'll also want to turn off this one so that way you can do that that makes sense okay yeah so we just right now we just need to uh click publish on it right yeah it gets approved yeah so do you want to do that yeah yeah that's what i want to do there's no errors on it anytime you duplicate an ad set into a that set that has a cbo on it when you duplicate it into a new campaign it automatically says it has an error because it can't understand where the uh the budget level went okay i just asked just to clarify for me what our difference is going to be between like if you scroll down there to where it says uh where do i have the next one where it's oh free plus ship cbo 2.0 women's full speed down it's the fifth one down yeah sorry one second i just noticed this doesn't have a cost cap on there i don't know what just happened we're running at cbo right you can do that you can run cbo and cost cap right here you have your cost cap set up see it right so we need the cost cap on here as well i didn't let you do that with cbo right yeah you got to set that up that's fine because we have one audience so it's not a worry this thing needs to publish so that one right there you got your mouse over i'm just trying to figure out what the difference on this one and the one you're doing because that this is this that this one is set up cbo and i say that one if you look today it was running today it was running eight dollars and sixty cents per purchase but it like you say in it and it's running just everything's put basically in the one ad set but it i can't i can't get the cost down running it on cbo yeah like so on the weekend it's a little bit because there's more traffic but overall it just doesn't next one down this thing's loading a little slow on my end sorry okay no problem i'm just trying to see what's going on with this ad set i'm not even sure where it went if we have to redo this it's going to be pain yeah i think we do if i can ask you chase this one down right here yeah so so that one is right now that is set up to cbo are those the exact same audiences well they're the they're not the one percent because they're the 10 right so it's got the 10 uh purchases 10 female customer list 10 you know all those 10 audiences yeah we don't need it to be on cbo we just need the cost control set there with the one ad set does that make sense yeah because we don't want it to be lowest cost like this when we wanted to be cost cap like this but for some reason i guess your budget's showing up because it's not actually on the um it says it's on the campaign level which i don't understanding where the disconnect is happening on the ad set but uh that's where i said yeah i changed this on the on these i changed it here at the at the at the ad at the campaign level is where i changed it to cost cap from cbo yeah and then it popped up a screen where i typed in that amount for each makes sense okay so it looks like we have to redo that but um shouldn't take too long because we already remember what those are you had a purchase last 30 initiate checkout last 30 and then you had a add to cart in here or what was that final one was the purchase 10 percent and the f customer list 10 percent this one is the one percent though for this correct yep then you had a 10 of the oh this one's the same oh no it's 6 14. what was this other one the purchase 10 purchase yeah and those are all the audiences we had correct i believe we had one more no it purchased ten percent we got that one one the per that top one yeah we just put that one in okay yep then we should be good now we got to flip this thing back off of cbo so we can get this done and he wants all the ad sets published got it yeah your conversions are way higher compared to that other one too you saw like that other one gave you an average of 186 for your custom conversions lowest this one's 300 minimum which is way better right now we can switch this thing back yeah we don't want it to not have a cost cap because otherwise your costs will be higher yeah i couldn't try to spend 2100 no matter what exactly and now you can go back to your cost cap which was the 31 and then was that one accelerated on this so what you were using here uh the one where it will uh i don't know all i know talking about the detailed targeting expansion no you're bidding like if it's fine with bidding but this one says accelerated and that could be just because okay cool it's gone um yeah so this is published so it's estimating like 421 purchases daily off of this one at this budget okay and then essentially you don't want to scale anything higher than 40 200 per day on this campaign because that's where your diminished return happens everything after that your row is essentially going to start decreasing here cool okay so we're so okay so we're good with the 2100 on that yeah and one other thing i want to check is you have last seven or one day views set up on this all i want to do is just check your one day click versus your seven day click so that we can see which optimization events generating a better so this is going to get a little so that way we can see exactly which of them we want to optimize for because you have the data in this ad account so we'll click reports and then we'll do uh the men's we just need your ads reporting and is your ads reporting so like i said i would turn off cbo during except for on the weekend except for saturday and sunday because during the week it would get so expensive and i would run just that cost control and it would scale way down it would go from like you know 2500 or 3000 in sales or 4 000 in sales on saturday and sunday and then you go down to like a thousand or twelve hundred on the weekdays and of course the ad spend would go way down so but the way we're setting it up here uh can i will it will it be able to run during the week in your opinion we'll see right as it goes on why you you don't have ads reporting in your business manager what's that where it's a it's so that way we can like pull a report on your analytics and get actually more detailed there's way we can get way more analytics than what provides us here and that's what i'm essentially needing to look at so that way we can make a better decision on what the optimization event needs to be and typically your ads reporting is always like right here but yours seems to be missing i guess they haven't rolled it out for you or maybe they renamed it or something for you a lot of times like some tools aren't always available for individuals yeah cause i'm not a agency yeah that makes sense okay there's one other spotted bn it doesn't look like you have it at all that's fine here's how we can also do it so right here your attribution we just want to see one day click versus seven day click and this and then your results for the cost per result okay so yeah your cost per purchase is actually cheaper based off based off this so seven day click's actually better for you let's just double check with the biggest set of data still better still better okay that makes sense and then we'll just compare seven day click versus one day view i'm not sure i i'm sure i totally understand what we're doing here but so like right here you see under edit it gives you an option right here that is conversion window seven day after clicking a one day view it's gonna use this to optimize your results so it's either gonna choose people who've clicked on your ad and it's going to optimize by going after individuals who purchased over the last seven days after clicking or it's going to optimize for one day view of anybody who viewed your ad but and purchased just never even click on it just purchase without actually doing anything on your ad and this right here is telling us these results since you have enough data these are a little bit more accurate but this one's based on a one-day click so our conversion event isn't based on one day click so this doesn't mean we're going to hit these numbers because we're not using the same event that this is is giving us okay chart on so i want to see with them making the recommendation one day click i was just confirming if that's actually the better option in this case if we were to go based off one day click for you your cost per purchase would actually be significantly what is this oh this is your view now but it was actually it was about a dollar more higher you know okay it was about 666 or something like that earlier i saw her 650 or something it was a little bit higher right but now i'm doing your one day view because that is the potential optimization event i'll go based off of if we were to literally let the event go for that look at your cost per purchase if we were to allow it to use that event optimization that's ridiculous you know like that's too high and why would we take that chance of allowing it to do or one day view so like because you've had this set up on your other campaigns there's been some cases where you've paid this much for purchase that's literally probably brings down your that probably brings up your entire average cost per result just from that one little thing you know so that's why we want to go to seven day click so that could potentially save you an extra thousand dollars a month of wasted on a single purchase when that's not necessary make sense uh i'm not sure i'm not sure i totally understand how they spend a thousand dollars on the purchase but so it's based off the attribution of it so it's all like out of everybody who viewed that ad only one of those people actually purchased on your site after never clicking on your ads so they viewed it and they went to like the actual site and made the purchase so it's just no good that way we so we're doing 70 click ok no worries it's the right way to go you can read more up on it just to get the full understanding that's cool i think we need to switch to just women though right cool everything looks good now i know they changed they they changed the conversion numbers over there but the thing is this this ad is going to go to is going to be a women's page so although their dating field differently wouldn't be correct understood cool so we're going to go on this one now and we'll publish that now that that's done essentially the only other thing is is to turn off this other campaign that you have going but after this one publishes you would do that like once it's active and right now the men's up there is already running cbo but it's running at 8.28 per purchase so because i've got i've got the the men's cost control one turned off because i'm running the cbo one i've got that one right there you're highlighting it that's turned off right now because the cbo ones this one's twice as good as the other one yeah but it won't but like you say on the weekend it won't it won't scale it'll it'll run it'll run a better roa but i can't get volume with it because of the cost control so that's what so that's why i've been running like i said on the weekends i've been running cbo's and during the week i've been running cost control which i shouldn't do that i don't think that's yeah i don't think that's the proper methodology but that's the only way i can keep the cost down and then still get as much volume as i can get as many customers as i can on the weekend yeah so uh another thing is you could allow this to do instead of a daily budget like a weekly or monthly budget and essentially allow it to spend like instead of doing 1200 per day you could allow it to spend like 12 000 a single day if it's going to maintain its cost per purchase and then you just have an overall budget so that way it just spins as it can get the cost so like if you're always fun with five dollar purchases it would spend as much money as possible getting five dollar purchases all day you might spend your entire monthly budget in one single day just to get your five dollar purchases that's another option but i mean like you're running this one on the weekends at a 8.28 cost per purchase and then you turn this one on whenever the week starts yep i'll turn that well turn basically i'll turn that one on tonight like it's eight or nine o'clock when things start to die down and then tomorrow morning early i'll turn the cbo back on and then tomorrow night i'll turn it back on to the cost of control this one here at your cost cap on a sunday did four dollars and 81 cents and then on saturday it did 4 16 so it's actually fine but you're saying it wasn't spending a lot right it didn't it didn't really like the sales would just trickle in they would trickle in cheaper but they would just you know and so i was like well i'll just pay more for the sales i'll get a lot more customers on the weekend i won't make any profit but i get a lot more customers but if i would follow that same philosophy during the week it would get so expensive to get the running at cbo that i i just i have to go over to that why don't you raise your actual uh adjust the cost cap i've done that a little bit like it's it's kind of wonky it's not like an exact when you adjust that cost control like you can adjust it like up a dollar and then then your actual cost goes up three dollars yeah have you tried target costs instead i've tried i tried bid cap i tried target cost the like i said the facebook you know i said cost cap is the the one to use i don't i don't know there the documentation on that is just terrible to really understand how that how that actually the three one the three differences yeah i would still leave this one on even on the weekends though like even if it's get trickling just leave it on anyways so you can always be getting consistent results even if it doesn't spin though even if it doesn't spin it's still fine because you're getting four dollar purchases plus you get whatever's going on here so but am i getting overlap between the two between because these identical same audiences they are pretty much okay so essentially what you do is leave this one on always because you don't want to turn it off on and off on off on you're always just you're just going to hurt yourself leave it always on and then what you do with this one is you'd have a totally separate campaign with a different audience set i do i do your 10 engagements have you done 10 engagement no oh you get so many results because everybody's engaging with your ads so that's the thing you get so many there's so much good stuff that comes out of that so i do it a 10 engagement cbo that you can run and then see how that does on the weekends and on the weekdays and you could always leave that one and there's no competition there what is a 10 engagement i don't even know what that is uh you're essentially targeting anybody who's a look-alike of people who engaged on your ad anybody who clicked on it anybody who uh actually liked it anybody who pressed this button anybody who hit share obviously that's showing intention they like it so that's good right so we target those individuals people who are commenting like hey i bought this tagging their friends we would target all of those individuals as it looked and that would get you really good okay but don't set it up within the cost control set it up as a cbo and then what exclude the cost if you want to do the thing where you're just going to activate it on the weekends you can but i bet you would work week right i mean i'd lazy i'd i would ultimately i would rather even if it was you know running a little bit higher if it was running more around that 40 percent cost or that two and a half uh uh roa i would rather run cbo all the time and do the more volume i'm because i say we have the we have the inventory i have the personnel to do it i'd rather and i ultimately i feel like acquiring the most customers i can is the best long-term business decision like if i can email blast a hundred thousand people at christmas about a special on sunglasses as opposed to 40 000 people it's going to be a lot better for me in the long run even if i make a few thousand dollars less right now understood so we'll do a new campaign for this one just so that way you can see it well what's going on here oh you're excluding all this but this is like by location or what is this yeah so this is this is interest so it's interest-based and then i'm excluding all the look-alike audiences that are in the same campaign geez there's a lot going on in this thing okay we don't want to well i'm just like you say i just the guy said facebook said well you're you know you're interfering like your people who are in ad set number two are competing with ad set number one and i thought well if they're in the same campaign that shouldn't be happening but i guess that's not what still does rhythmically yeah it still does that's why when you're getting on scale you got to just consolidate all of this stuff yeah so but you can't consolidate enter you can have like all your interest groups in one but you can't you know you can't exclude your interest group from your look-alikes you know so i excluded the look-alikes from the interest group yeah well you shouldn't be doing interest because you have plenty of data you just need more complicated look-alike like stuff you haven't done before like the engagements like that's a huge i mean i don't want to promise any results but almost all cases when you have a ton of engagements on your ad and it's working really well like it's going to be an outstanding audience like think of it i mean there's probably a hundred of these different audience ideas that you probably just don't even know about and you could totally destroy your interest audiences and not have to worry about auction competition there you get way better results that way too so essentially to build this engagement we go to facebook page okay and which one's your page the sunglass guarantee is this one this one yep okay everyone who engaged with your page does that include my ad yep engagements 365 days then we're just doing this we're going to hit create audience and we're going to do create a look like and we're going to make it a 10 because i mean we need a lot of audience for our spend and so that way we don't have to worry too much create audience and now everybody who's ever engaged with the ads is it'll look like based off of those individuals which is a lot of people to be used for this data so that's good now i don't know how much of this is going to take away from here so i have no idea what the overlap rates are we can leave this in here i would it would make more sense for this to all be consolidated into one if anything because i don't know how much this is going to take away from the performance of this with this many big local likes in here so we'll see yeah i feel like i should just throw all my look-alikes in one audience yeah and that's what we just did i mean is that is that what you're trying to cause like this right now what we're doing right here is you look at the bottom it's look like plus those are interests at the bottom that are added in there which are these huge audiences because it's like it's interest group sunglasses engage shoppers which is like 40 million yeah so essentially like there's two opportunities here there's one we can continue to set the cost gaps which will always get you maintain results you know and if we do that that's great because you're going to maintain your result but the thing is with this the good thing about it is the more of these we have per each campaign the more likely you'll have a larger amount of spend on the weekends that is converting at a low cost so rather than have to worry about one campaign producing 125 and you have a lot of spend on one with a really high cost result that's a cbo you could have a bunch of campaign cost caps with little to no overlap as well and then also be able to generate a lot of you know sales on the weekend that way but the way to remove the overlap is to exclude the other look like yeah yeah but the best option is to just put them all together so and then just cost cap it put them all together and then put a cost cap on yeah what was that cost gap you had the 620 something on the men's actually getting lower because we had 601 on the men's but we can do 620. it doesn't matter you know it's oh you're in that you're in my other company now headset oh this one doesn't say cost control because you don't have it here it's on this one yeah because the one might say the one is the cbo and then the one is yeah this one's performing a lot better the men's one because the cpm is so much lower like 30 lower to advertise to the men's uh audiences the women's audiences i don't know if that's uh i don't know if that's a across the industry or if that's just you know is this in every single one of your audiences this right here no no no this is this this is just this this top one is the sunglasses that's the sunglasses interest there's two interest audiences that one that says sunglasses set southeast and the one that says old navy so like people who like old navy and engaged shoppers they're in there they're people who like sunglasses because but then i but then i removed all of the look-alike audiences from them so this one's engaged shoppers yeah engaged shoppers and old navy i think or knock around so that's sunglasses from that one so anybody like knock around sunglasses and game shoppers and then when you put that targeting expansion on it it made it okay so it looks like it works both cases for you with or without it doesn't really matter yeah these are huge audiences so that's fine okay so now we just need to set this to min it already is at 24. got your 10 engagements then you just want your daily budget what do you want that set to uh 1200 as many five dollar sales as it can give me i like that idea i like that one i mean you know take as much money as you want just keep it to five dollars a sale yeah that's why we're doing cost cap like i there's not it's not worth at this point for you to be doing just wide open like let the system you know run like it's the wild west we got to set it within its boundary and then have you know large spinning caps so we can just let this thing roll if you're always maintaining your costs we're good to go and this one can we just turn back on i mean i don't even see why we have this one off yeah well only because i'm running the see this one up top that says the free ship cbo even with that one on right now how much is it spent today what did that do last weekend 6 44. but it didn't spin that much okay yeah um essentially you you don't want to be doing this one moving forward anymore just leave this one on always and then uh if this engagement one's producing then that can always be on as well and that'll i mean that'll double it up so like let's say you're averaging a 460 if you're getting 30 purchases per day on the weekend what are you averaging on every single weekend just so we can get an idea so about 178 spend that's not much and then this one was a little bit more spend 321 yeah july is when i mean i like to get back into line numbers if it's possible you could have both of those on and if they're both doing 300 then you're spending a lot closer to that spend you know and you'd probably be getting a lot more purchases too cool yeah so those are set up now that you have those and that's what we should test now but i mean we should definitely follow up on this and continue working on it because there's still a lot of opportunities we can go after realistically we need to get your like thing simplified down to a good cost structure so that way you can have a scalable cost cap okay so right now i'm turning off this cbo this and turning the other one back on that's what i'd recommend um but you know if you're if you're comfortable with the idea of having that higher spend just to get a lot more purchases that's cool but uh i'd say like the opportunity would be to have more per campaign like more campaigns that are running so that way that all cost cap so that way you can have that spin that the same as the other one but maintaining your actual okay so i guess i'm still a little a little much so let me just move the mouse for a second so this guy is this is the one that's cost cap right here yep okay and then this one is cbo so if i turn this guy on they're competing with each other that's right but if i turn this one on and turn this one off and then this one is going to be using an ad set cost cap right or that's ad set cbo yeah it's ad set cost cap i don't know why it's not showing up level because your other ones are doing it because because it's because at the ad set maybe as opposed to the campaign yeah but it won't let us it wasn't showing that you could switch it so i've got that off so i've got both of my regular ones that run during the week those are running and now i've got 10 engagement but we're just running this for men so we're not running this 10 engagement for women's so i need the same thing for women's as well correct right yeah do they go did i just put them in this do i just put the 10 engagement into audience here which one and this one no no you don't put it in here no you don't put the 10 here yet okay first see if it works it should it should get a really good cost result but you don't want to put it put one in here if you don't know if it works yet makes sense okay yeah because we're using it on the the yeah we know these work right now yeah so let's see if it works there and if it does we'll add it into the women's because it'll likely be the same and then you'll be good okay now this retargeting needs to be turned off uh you don't need a link clicks campaign going your cost per purchase right now it's 22 bucks yep turn that one off and then honestly you need to create a retargeting campaign and you could also do your cost gap there on your retargeting okay maybe i'm doing the wrong audiences on the retargeting i don't know or maybe my creative is terrible or imagining everybody all i all i hear retargeting retargeting yeah when i saw two i was like man what's going on in here oh my gosh no i'm just kidding yeah we can get it fixed so essentially like what is all this um you essentially just treat it like have the same ad you can have the same ad in you can set your daily budget to what we would need to do is just check your events manager just to see how many events you even have for view content add to carts you likely just do like a three day add to cart if you have a ton of add to carts coming through let's see oh we're in the wrong we're on the wrong uh no you don't want to i've got this all screwed up chase that sunglass guarantee i never used because i thought that what was going to happen is when i did post it would show up as calories so this is the towel raised business and that's the sunglass guaranteed business manager makes sense you have different business managers for these i don't know if i did that right like i said just that's how it is um so this one's the correct one yes it is okay where are your add to carts okay 30 000 absolutely your retargeting should be flying off the absolute charts so let's do last three days yeah okay so you have 17 100 add to carts and then this last 28 you're only matching how many people are you matching up with this thing six percent well you have such low match rates i don't know what that means either means that out of all those add to carts facebook's only linking it to a profile for six so out of 100 people who added to cart facebook's only pairing it was with uh six people out of a hundred oh wow and all my traffic's coming from facebook i guess a lot of people aren't even like entering their email when they get to your edit cart page yeah they're just they're just mainly entering their shipping info to find out how much it's gonna i guess there's some so i'm doing some you know uh i'm getting five percent or six percent from the uh from claudio from my uh so abandoned card email let's just go here and make a quick retargeting because i'd hate to see this let your how much you're leaving on the table so just new campaign this one will be where is the misspelling in this thing oh retargeting that's correct and then what we'll do is uh do a three day for this one we're gonna take out this look-alike we're gonna take out the rest of this stuff and remove this remove that this one's going to be for men okay and this one is going to be add car you probably don't have a three day in here no i got add to cart seven in there yeah so you should have add to cart three and add to cart seven and and add to cart 21 and then that's it then your view content should be a 14-day view content so that's going to be your retargeting structure for an account like this with this much data so we just need to go to your website we need to get your add to carts let me shave this down to three days add the cart three day and just create that audience and now that you have that you really want the budget on that one yeah so your this budget less than 10 i guess it's because it's making the audience right now yeah exactly don't need this in here you don't need expansion on retargeting i mean your budget should be much higher than this honestly for retargeting huh yeah i mean like with when you have 4 000 something rolling through i mean you need a lot going on yeah i did say that the shopify thinks that we had a lot of traffic all right we'll leave it at the cost cap it doesn't make any sense to me to do like twenty dollars and have a cost cap of six because you're gonna see like four purchases that seems so crazy you know like when you have retargeting like this you should be getting like 100 purchases from this thing not from your three day but from all the audiences combined you know okay let's leave your cost control out for this round because unless we have like we'll use that one whenever we have like an audience where it's like bigger than 10 000 then it makes sense because then we can have like 100 daily budget and stuff for your retargeting then switch this back to seven day are these the ads in here that yeah i believe they are the best ads i mean those are our regular ads right there so that'll show them just our standard ad with all the likes and everything like that and the retargeting one that i had before it's got this this collage that's got a bunch of the five star picture reviews on it i don't know i don't know it's any good but another thing is do you have an add to cart page uh yeah i've got the well so the cart you can add right on the screen you can click uh let me just i'm gonna run this for a second okay so you can click this and then you would have added the cart right okay all right view cart now yeah you can view cart here yeah you got this guy or you can perform stay right here stay right here now we'll take this because if they've added a cart why send them anywhere else other than to the cart you know that's like you getting groceries taking your little cart up to the checkout and then you ditch your groceries leave the store and then we say hey hey you left your card in there finished completing checkout and when you do it you grab them and you take them back to the product in the aisle it's like no take them to the cart because they already had all their stuff in there you know okay don't take them back to the okay take them to the car we need them to check out so that's what we want to do make sense from a logical reason yeah i like it yes you don't make somebody go to the product in the aisle you make them go back to their card to finish you know checking out and in this case all we're going to do is just duplicate this ad we'll leave both of these in here because they've worked for you so they'll probably continue to get you know work and get the spin but we'll just duplicate it into this original so that way we don't reset anything on your actual ads in terms of yeah that's the last thing we need to do we're doing it that part let's just go ahead and drop in this actual link so that's where it'll go and instead of saying free sungl i mean we could do the same exact wording or we could say like complete your checkout now right yeah yeah i mean am i retargeting my retargeting stinks man i would just close my eyes and trust that you have done this once before yeah let's hope it's more than once um so we'll do slash card we'll leave it the same um typically what we do is like say we could test like a finished checkout now or like please complete your purchase but we'll keep it simple since we know this copy works from for you we'll just leave it the same and essentially this is going to be a good test in general because they're exactly the same the only difference is is that you're actually going to have this one go to the cart i'm getting there are people clicking it there have been people who clicked the on the other one when we set up the clicks the purchases weren't there but they were clicking the ad at a decent rate but it sounds like and change it to shop now i like it yeah because it's a little bit closer into the funnel so we need a more direct call to action and get them to do this thing they ain't learning anything they're going to the cart they've already learned so we'll do that and we'll see how it goes um it has very minimal that one that one's the video so this one's actually not that that one i think we just copied was the video so this isn't the one that actually has that's not all the social proof one yeah that one is this one is yep okay we'll also duplicate this one then but it's going to be an existing post so okay so we'll duplicate this and also add in that same exact thing on this one yeah because we will lose the all the social proof on it but but it will show up i don't know for some reason it seems like the static images show up more than details do they do but all my stuff shows up on the newsfeed anyways static stuff it's way more placements than video everybody says video but your static is always going to be in every single placement videos die out really quickly because like you you remember a video way more than you do an image so the problem is like you can over saturate your audience so quickly with videos like it just burns them out we don't need that so essentially only thing we're doing here is switching this thing back to create new post create ad and you're going to is this copy different from the video nope okay so i guess we could copy the video and change it just about to say then what are we doing perfect let's just do that instead that's way faster if you want to go ahead and select that uh select it it might be faster on yours because i don't think we have the load the slow lag behind on my end and then essentially once you have this in place uh you would have your add to cart the next set which is the seven then the 21 add to cart each have they are their own budget on the ad set level oh you know what else too well i guess this is the one just for the men's right yep because we're showing the men's we're showing the men's glasses in this picture so it's quite better for that yeah okay on it so that pictures and then you can change the name and everything the rest of this is fine and then you're just going to delete that one that we duplicated that we're not going to use as well and just publish right yep and then you're gonna delete that other uh one that you're not gonna use that other copy i don't think it's that oh yeah it no is it that one this one says copy on it right or no it's the new ad copy okay come on man and then i don't have i won't be able to stay with you through each you know set up of the next add to carts but you'll do your seven day add to cart you'll just duplicate this audience 20 daily seven day add to cart then you'll do your 21 day added card and then you'll duplicate and do your 14 day view content and they're all set to twenty dollars yeah that's fairly budget yeah you can adjust it as you start to see the results come through so i just duplicate this and then just change the audience yep exactly and you can exclude each set as you do okay so the next one i with your seven you can exclude your three and then with your 21 you can exclude my seven because that'll have the three and the yeah i've got to make it 20 different and then i do the same thing for women after that uh so what what what are we uh how do we so now how does this go yeah so now you have access to the program so you'll go to your email you'll access it you'll access the login information and everything right and you'll have access to the videos those are going to be valuable but you're with your account set up already where it's at like you don't want to um use the early information essentially what's going to be more valuable to you is like us doing these calls because like you know the amount we cover on a single call as i'm sure you can tell is a lot in one session so like over time as we do more of these there's going to be so much progress made um essentially every monday and wednesday literally you only have to register once and then you'd be able to join these calls so on monday we have one at 12 pm central wednesday we have one at 6 pm so this is where you register for those calls and then we'd be able to get on share screen and go through that every single week and if you don't join one week that's fine just whenever you have time we can do it right and then if you have any additional questions you can post it in the group as well that's the quickest way and then also you'll have access to all the previous recorded trainings from all calls too okay yeah because i think we have something it's i mean it's a bit different on the towel raised because it's not free glasses so we do want to uh i guess maybe on one of the calls or something we'll go through and figure that guy out because yeah they're really a lot nicer nicer classes and we want to get something going away there too well awesome okay great well i'm super excited about it i'm looking forward to seeing some results from this we made a lot of changes we did your retargeting we did your uh new lookalikes we consolidated some campaigns we switched them focused more on cost control so that way you can have some of these campaigns um evergreen so that way you don't have to turn them off on we also changed your optimization event from uh or one day viewed as seven day clicks so that way you get more consistent results in that way the data is actually using that time frame versus just doing people who've never actually clicked on your ad we went after the engagements because that was a big opportunity that we saw there and then also highlighting that you're going to have each different segment for your retargeting so that way you can have a more you know streamlined structure for that side and start getting purchases on that um overall so that way we can make this account more consistent can you kind of give me an expectation about when i would start to see uh after seven days you should start to see the results consistently um your cost for purchase should be within the same range you're seeing now if not a little bit better in terms of cost per purchase if it's anything significantly higher after seven days turn it off of course don't give it any more time than that um and now you're just wanting to get your results on a consistent level so that way you can have like a good cost per purchase that you can actually start scaling from yeah yeah it looks like like right now i've went from 40 visitors on the site to five visitors so i guess that's from the flipping the one off and flipping the other one on exactly so but i guess once the once those others the 10 engagement and the proven stacked come on that will uh start to climb back up yep yeah okay all righty so i'll talk to you the next call you said is when monday or wednesday so two days from now or on wednesday so you just sign up for one you don't sign up for both you can sign up for both okay well i'll talk to you one day perfect awesome alrighty eric i really appreciate it and i mean once again i'm looking forward to the results okay and questions i put on the group yeah any questions there just feel free to add it to the group um if i end up seeing it i'll be able to get back to it as soon as i can if not there's also people in there that are always commenting you know back from people who've already had success i mean there's people in there that are spending 138 000 a month we have people spending 300k a month um in there so people are um you know a lot to learn from from the guys who are already spinning the big leagues as well okay phenomenal awesome already i appreciate it thank you all right thank

- Roll20 Beginner Overview: Learn the Basics! Roll20 Tutorial: Kind: captions Language: en That means there's no software to download. As long as you know I have a web browser and an internet connection, you can use Roll20. It can roll dice, move around tokens, play cards and a host of other features. All you really need to get started at Roll20 is a free account. Okay, once you have your account made, you're already head into your game. More than likely, you got invited to Roll20 by a GM who send you a game link invite. And now that you're logged into your free account, click that link. It'll bring you directly to your games details page. Here you can see when the next game will take place, who's been invited to your game and of course the all-important launch game button. Go ahead and click that button. Welcome to the Roll20 virtual tabletop. First things first, when you first opened up a game, your browser will ask you to allow Roll20 to use your camera and microphone when you're in game so that the other players and the GM can see and hear you. Once he say yes, you're all set. Now you can always change your audio and video settings by simply going to the top right corner of the screen, clicking the game settings gear icon, then scrolling down towards the bottom, under video and audio chat options. Here you can change the audio video inputs or disable your video and audio all together. Great, we're all set up. Let's take a look at the chat section. In top right corner, click the icon that looks like two talking bubble. This is the chat section. And it's really the brain of the game. This is where all your rolls and results will take place. If someone rolls dice from a character sheet, the results will show up here. If you need to communicate secretly with another player or GM, this is where you'll do it. We have some chat tips right below. Like how to roll some dice using only text commands or how to whisper in game. If you're looking for full list of chat capabilities, including images and exploding dice, check out the link in the description. Okay, let's go back to the main menu bar again. Click the icon that looks like a newspaper. This is your journal section. This is where any handouts or character sheets your GM has made available to you will show up. If this section is blank for you, your GM them might not have gotten around to sharing them with you yet. If they're having trouble sharing, just let them know they can click the show to players button in the top right corner of the handout. This handout will automatically be added to your section. Depending on what game you're playing, this section might be a little bare at the start. But it might soon fill up as you continue your campaign. Okay, let's go back to that menu bar. The next icon in the list is the compendium section. Not all games on Roll20 will have a compendium. But a lot do. Like Dungeons and Dragons or Call of Cthulhu. Think of the compendium section like your own little Wiki for quick searching. For instance, if you're playing D and D and wanna look up a spell on the fly, type in the name of the spell in the search bar and Roll20 will search all the D and D books you own to find the results. Check the description for the growing list of compendiums that Roll20 currently supports. Now the next icon in the menu is the jukebox. If your Gm is playing music, it'll show up here. And lastly, we have the collections tab. Which looks like three dots and dashes. Here you'll be able to add macros, show card decks and click on any rollable tables your GM might have provided for you. If your GM hasn't mentioned this section, you probably won't be utilizing it that much. Okay, let's click back on the chat. The two talking bubbles and check out the rest of the table. Now the center at the screen, you guessed it is the main tabletop. This is where your GM will put maps and tokens for players to interact with. Now here's something. Your GM might not make all tokens available for you to move. So you might find yourself not being able to click on everything. Remind them to share control with you by holding down the shift key and double-clicking on that token. Then they can go to the top right-hand corner of the sheet, click edit and add your name to the can be edited and controlled section. Great, it looks like we have control. Now let's click on another token. You'll notice three radial bubbles show up at the top. this can represent just about anything. From a token of power or defense or even help. Below that you have a gear icon that leads to the token settings. This is where you can change your tokens name, update your token bar information or add an aura to your token. Now, next to the gear icon below the token, we have this token status markers. This helps keep track of any conditions that might be affecting our token in game. Maybe they're moving really slowly, but just for this part of the game or maybe they're being really stealthy. Here's where you can turn those statuses on and off in your game. Now if you wanna see a tokens character sheet, hold shift and double click your token. Here you'll see your characters bio and info along with their character sheet. Depending on what game you're playing your character sheet we'll have click to roll abilities. Meaning just click the sheet and Roll20 will roll the dice and do the math for you. Just make sure to check the chat for role results. Now if you wanna roll from chat, it's easy. Simply type in Ford slash R, then the number and type of dice you wanna roll. For example, if I wanna roll my D 20, I just type in Ford slash R one D 20 and hit enter. Perfect. Oh, here's a little tip. If you double click the chat icon, those two talking bubbles, the chat will pop out in a new window. This is great for rearranging your desktop so you can see the board and the chat at the same time. Okay, speaking of rolling dice, you can roll dice directly on the tabletop. Even without a character sheet. On the top left side of the screen, hover over the D 20 icon and the dice roller will open up. From here you can roll all different types of dice. If you need a roll 3D six, go down to the D six and go over to three. Great. For more details on the dice roller, like exploding dice for shadow run or fudge dice for fate, check the link in the description below. There's some other helpful tools in the tool bar besides rolling. You can draw right on the tabletop by using the draw tool. Hover over the little paintbrush in the toolbar. From here there's a few options. You can draw a shape by clicking the draw shape tool. Just click and drag and you got to square or pull down all thing click and drag and you've get a circle. This is perfect for setting the areas of your spells. If you click the draw free hand tool, you can draw directly on the tabletop. This is great for drawing characters or mapping out a plan of attack. Now the polygon line tool lets you draw straight lines between points. Simply click a point and then click another point. The line will fill in between. When you're done drawing, make sure to click on the arrow tool in the top of the toolbar to switch back to select move. Now another great tool that you might be using is the ruler. Right in the middle of the toolbar is a little circle with a ruler coming out of it. When you have this selected, you can click and drag between tokens or points on the map and it'll tell you how many feet are in between them. This is perfect for seeing if that goblins within range. You should be all set to play when it's game time. If you want more details on the topics mentioned in this video, be sure to check out the links in the description below. Now have fun gaming. (upbeat music)

- Learn How to GM on Roll20 in JUST 10 MINUTES: Kind: captions Language: en Welcome to the How to GM tutorial on Roll20.&nbsp; In this video, we'll cover everything from the&nbsp;&nbsp; basics of the Roll20 Virtual Tabletop, like the&nbsp; toolbars and icons, to Pro Subscriber features&nbsp;&nbsp; that can help step up your GMing game,&nbsp; like Dynamic Lighting and Mod Scripts. Before we get started, let's go ahead and have&nbsp; an overview of the tools on the toolbar found&nbsp;&nbsp; on the left side, and we'll go from the&nbsp; top to the bottom. You have your settings,&nbsp;&nbsp; the select tool, the pan tool, the&nbsp; draw tool, the text tool, the FX tool,&nbsp;&nbsp; the lighting tool, fog of war, the&nbsp; measure tool, turn order, and dice. For GMs, the bottom half of the toolbar is&nbsp; an easy way to toggle between the different&nbsp;&nbsp; layers of the map. You have the token&nbsp; layer, the GM layer, the light layer,&nbsp;&nbsp; and the map layer. It's also helpful&nbsp; to note that the effects, lighting,&nbsp;&nbsp; fog of war, turn order, and layer section&nbsp; is only visible to the GM of the game. Over on the right hand side, we first&nbsp; have the zoom tool. Then you have the&nbsp;&nbsp; sidebar. There are seven different&nbsp; icons that you can toggle in between,&nbsp;&nbsp; and these include text chat, art library,&nbsp; Journal, Compendium, jukebox, collections,&nbsp;&nbsp; and My Settings. And last but not least, we have&nbsp; the folders and page toolbars where you can add&nbsp;&nbsp; new pages and folders to organize your game,&nbsp; search for a specific map or page, and also&nbsp;&nbsp; access the party toolbox to manage your players&nbsp; on multiple pages or regroup them together. First and foremost, let's dig into tokens&nbsp; on the Roll20 Virtual Tabletop. The first&nbsp;&nbsp; thing we have to do, of course, is&nbsp; to create a token. To create a token,&nbsp;&nbsp; drag and drop an image on the Objects&nbsp; and Tokens or the GM info layer on the&nbsp;&nbsp; Virtual Tabletop. It's as easy as that. With&nbsp; this token, you can also resize and rotate. To resize, use the corner handles, and to&nbsp; rotate, use the rotation handles. Let's&nbsp;&nbsp; take a quick look at the token layout and&nbsp; information. You can use radio bubbles for&nbsp;&nbsp; metrics, enable dynamic bars, and display a&nbsp; nameplate if needed. If you click on the cog,&nbsp;&nbsp; you'll be able to access the token&nbsp; settings. Within the token settings,&nbsp;&nbsp; you'll be able to customize details,&nbsp; the bars, the auras, and more. Lastly, here are some additional features&nbsp; when it comes to tokens. You can add markers&nbsp;&nbsp; for status effects, configure token toolbars,&nbsp; use auras, and set up GM notes and Dynamic&nbsp;&nbsp; Lighting for the tokens. Time to talk&nbsp; about using macros on Roll20. Macros are&nbsp;&nbsp; custom shortcuts for frequently repeated&nbsp; commands that you use during your games. Head over to the Collections tab&nbsp; on the sidebar. To enter a macro,&nbsp;&nbsp; first, click on it. Type what you want to&nbsp; call the command. For example, test. Then,&nbsp;&nbsp; you can put in the command. This could be a&nbsp; type text, a role, or an emote. One of the&nbsp;&nbsp; strengths of the macro system is its ability to&nbsp; execute multiple actions with a single command. To do this, simply put each item on its own line,&nbsp;&nbsp; and the actions will be executed in&nbsp; that order when you run the macro. Now,&nbsp;&nbsp; let's look at rollable tables. A rollable table&nbsp; is a collection of items in which a single item&nbsp;&nbsp; will be chosen at random. It can be used&nbsp; to create custom dice, critical success&nbsp;&nbsp; or critical fail tables, loot tables, or any&nbsp; other list of items that need to be rolled. Rollable tables are found under the right&nbsp; hand sidebar under the collections tab. To&nbsp;&nbsp; start a table, click add and you'll get a&nbsp; new table with zero items. To add an item,&nbsp;&nbsp; click add item and name it. By&nbsp; default, the name you enter will&nbsp;&nbsp; be shown directly in the chat box if the&nbsp; item is selected when the table is rolled. Lastly, let's check out Card Decks. Card Decks&nbsp; in Roll20 are a collection of one or more&nbsp;&nbsp; card objects that can be shuffled, drawn,&nbsp; dealt to players, traded between players,&nbsp;&nbsp; and played directly to the tabletop. Every game&nbsp; created has a deck of 54 standard playing cards,&nbsp;&nbsp; including jokers, as well as a safety&nbsp; deck by default in the collections tab,&nbsp;&nbsp; but you can create your own as well. The journal tab is your go to hub&nbsp; for managing characters, handouts,&nbsp;&nbsp; and other essential information for your&nbsp; game. First, let's look at the character&nbsp;&nbsp; journal entries. These are for your NPCs, NPCs,&nbsp; character sheets, and link tokens. From here,&nbsp;&nbsp; you can click the plus character button or right&nbsp; click an existing folder to add characters. When you right click, these options&nbsp; will allow you to show, archive,&nbsp;&nbsp; or delete. Character tab will allow you&nbsp; to edit bio and info, character sheets,&nbsp;&nbsp; and attributes and abilities. Within bio and info,&nbsp; you can update the name, who can edit and control,&nbsp;&nbsp; and set the avatar, token, and bio. Character&nbsp; sheets have essential information like abilities,&nbsp;&nbsp; skills, equipments, and attributes, and&nbsp; can also be managed from Roll20 Characters. Attributes and abilities track stats on&nbsp; the character and stores dice roll and&nbsp;&nbsp; other chat commands. There are also&nbsp; handouts that you can check out. You&nbsp;&nbsp; can click the plus handout button&nbsp; to open up the handout dialog. You&nbsp;&nbsp; can use the pop out button if you need&nbsp; a little more room to edit. From here,&nbsp;&nbsp; GMs can show the handouts to the players,&nbsp; rename the handout, add to players journals,&nbsp;&nbsp; update who can edit the handout, as well as look&nbsp; at tags, images, descriptions, and GM notes. And don't forget, you can also duplicate,&nbsp; archive, and delete handouts. And of course,&nbsp;&nbsp; there are ways for you to organize&nbsp; your handouts. You can add, move,&nbsp;&nbsp; and delete folders and minimize individual&nbsp; entries. For subscribers, external journal&nbsp;&nbsp; entries are controlled via the game details&nbsp; page under the content drop down menu. And one cool overlooked feature is linking between&nbsp; journal entries. To link between journal entries,&nbsp;&nbsp; use single brackets around the character&nbsp; or handout name. This can be used in the&nbsp;&nbsp; character bio, GM notes, and handout notes.&nbsp; Likewise, you can also link characters,&nbsp;&nbsp; tokens, and compendiums. It's time to roll&nbsp; for initiative with the Combat Tracker. The Roll20 Turn Tracker helps manage anything&nbsp; turn based or reliant on initiative checks in&nbsp;&nbsp; your campaigns. To access this, click on the Turn&nbsp; Tracker button on the toolbar. Only the GM can&nbsp;&nbsp; open it, but once opened, the Turn Tracker will&nbsp; be visible to all players. Right clicking on any&nbsp;&nbsp; token on the tabletop allows you to add turn from&nbsp; the menu, and you can add one or multiple turns. GMs can also add turns for tokens on the GM layer&nbsp; without players seeing. Some character sheets,&nbsp;&nbsp; like the D&D sheet, have the option to&nbsp; roll for initiative directly from their&nbsp;&nbsp; sheet. You can add a value next&nbsp; to each token to keep track of&nbsp;&nbsp; initiative or any other stat that&nbsp; you want to note about that turn. You can click and type or drag and&nbsp; drop any roll result. Turns can&nbsp;&nbsp; be reordered via dragging or sorted&nbsp; using the turn order setting button.&nbsp;&nbsp; You can also click the arrows to go&nbsp; forward or back in the turn order. Dynamic Lighting, available to Plus and Pro&nbsp; Subscribers, updates your players' lines of&nbsp;&nbsp; sight in real time. And it's super easy to&nbsp; set up too. Let me show you. For your maps,&nbsp;&nbsp; use the page settings to turn on Dynamic&nbsp; Lighting and tailor it to your liking. On&nbsp;&nbsp; the Dynamic Lighting layer of your map, you&nbsp; can use the drawing tool to create walls,&nbsp;&nbsp; columns, doors, or other pieces of the map&nbsp; that you want to block light and vision. You can create Dynamic Lighting&nbsp; barriers that do not block vision,&nbsp;&nbsp; but do block movement. You can also make&nbsp; barriers that only block vision from one&nbsp;&nbsp; direction, while allowing tokens to see&nbsp; from the other side through. Lighting&nbsp;&nbsp; your dungeon is super easy with the Place&nbsp; Light tool. Don't forget to enable vision&nbsp;&nbsp; for each of the tokens in the token setting&nbsp; to determine how much they're allowed to see. You can also make any token emit light,&nbsp; whether it's a lamp or a magical player. Mod Scripts available to Roll20 Pro Subscribers&nbsp; provide a powerful way for you to customize and&nbsp;&nbsp; enhance your game. These can be accessed via&nbsp; the Mod Script options in the drop down menu of&nbsp;&nbsp; the game's detail page. Mod Scripts can speed&nbsp; up game prep, automate spells, and streamline&nbsp;&nbsp; combat. Once you reach the mod's setting page,&nbsp; go and navigate to the script library tab. Within that tab, you can select the drop&nbsp; down menus titled Roll20 Mod Script library&nbsp;&nbsp; to search for scripts available with one&nbsp; click installation. The scripts are sorted&nbsp;&nbsp; by various functions that they perform, such&nbsp; as extending a character sheet's features,&nbsp;&nbsp; performing a utility task, changing&nbsp; Dynamic Lighting, or modifying tokens. When the script is open, simply&nbsp; click the Add Script button at&nbsp;&nbsp; the bottom of the page to install it.&nbsp; Once you click the Add Script button,&nbsp;&nbsp; The mod will restart and the page will&nbsp; refresh. You will know everything went&nbsp;&nbsp; successfully if you see a new tab next to the&nbsp; script library with the name of your script. And last but not least, another powerful&nbsp; feature available to Roll20 Pro Subscribers&nbsp;&nbsp; is the Transmogrifier. The Transmogrifier&nbsp; allows you to take elements like pages,&nbsp;&nbsp; characters, decks, handouts, macros, and&nbsp; more out of any of your games and put&nbsp;&nbsp; them into another game that you own.&nbsp; The Transmogrifier tool is under the&nbsp;&nbsp; Experimental Features section of the&nbsp; My Settings tab on the right sidebar. Once selected, the Transmogrifier window will&nbsp; open with the current game pre selected. To&nbsp;&nbsp; copy things between games, simply choose the&nbsp; two games you want to use in the drop down&nbsp;&nbsp; menus. A listing of all the objects in the games&nbsp; that are eligible to be moved will appear. All&nbsp;&nbsp; you have to do is drag and drop between the&nbsp; two lists to copy elements between the games. Something to note, you're copying elements,&nbsp;&nbsp; not moving them, so the original will&nbsp; remain the same in the first game.

- Learn the Basics of Roll20 | Roll20 DM Tutorial: Kind: captions Language: en hello and welcome to R20 101 learning how to use the VT can be intimidating but it doesn't have to be you want to run or play in fantastic games with your friends online and we're here to make that easier for you this series will consist of four video courses across four weeks we'll cover how to set up your first encounter using 100% free tools Dynamic lighting R 20 characters macros mod scripts and more if you're a brand new user to roll 20 a returning user who just needs a refresher or even an expert we guarantee you'll learn something new if you're ready to run your best campaign yet then keep watching let's roll hello and welcome to this guide on how to build and run your very first session completely for free on Roll 20 my name is Miles and I'm going to be giving you a live demonstration of some free tools as well as some tips and tricks on how you can run your session virtually we're going to be using Dungeons and Dragons fifth edition in order to create this adventure however a lot of what I'm showing off is pretty universally applicable so if there's other themes or Adventures that you or your group want to run this should help with that too now we're going to be creating a onot adventure which is an adventure designed to take place during a single gaming session it's going to be made for third level characters and will consist about five or six encounters and it should take your group about 3 or 4 hours to run through it now this video is also going to be timestamped with a lot of relevant information sorted out into the chapters so if there's a part that you already know please feel free to skip it so that way you can save your own time and get to playing a little bit faster so let's go ahead and start with our very first step here which is to create our game Lobby so we're going to make our account on Roll 20s now making this account it's going to be brand new so if you're a brand new user as well you're probably going to see a couple of popups these are really helpful if you're just starting out but for the sake of time I'm going to be going ahead and skipping these and we're going to click this big button here to create our first game so let's go ahead and start with our game name let's just call it the super awesome game now over here on the right side you can actually see that there's some modules so these are pre-made adventures and we have a lot of free ones for a variety of different systems that you can just pick up and start playing with what I'm going to be showing off for a lot of this demo is actually going to be building it from scrp scratch so that way we can talk about some other Concepts now you'll see this game engine I recommend keeping it on the jump gate system this is our new and improved version so everything should run a lot smoother now down here at the bottom you're going to see your character sheet to select we're going to be using the 2024 version of Dungeons and Dragons so we're going to go ahead and select that and once we've got everything filled out we're just going to click I'm ready create game and this is going to automatically redirect us to the game Details page now there's a lot going on here but I'm going to focus on a couple of Key Parts the first is over here on the right side which is the invite players if you click this you're going to be able to send out email invites and you can also just grab this link and then send that to your friends down here in the middle you're going to see a lot of different buttons I want to call out the settings this will allow you to do a lot of different things game settings is a bit more advanced now if you did want to change the name of your game you can also just click right here so maybe we wanted this to be the super duper awesome game you can just click the name edit and save but for our purposes we're going to go ahead and launch the game now again you should see a couple of popups some are going to be from your browser other are going to be from the VT itself the virtual tabletop I'm going to go ahead and dismiss a lot of these now you can see that we are in here I'm going to go ahead and zoom ourselves out and you can see that we've got this map now there's a lot going on in this interface so I do want to take some time to go ahead and walk through some of it we're not going to get super in depth we'll come back to some of these features a little later on but this should at least help with familiarizing yourself with how to use roll 20 and some of the basics you need in order to create the adventure so starting off first with this left side toolbar you're going to see these two buttons over here this is the select tool and the pan tool the select tool is what actually allows you to pick up things on the map or select large areas and move them around this is like picking up your token and moving it elsewhere on the table the pan tool allows you to as you might expect pan around now you can also shortcut the pan tool by right clicking which as you get a little little bit more comfortable will make things bit faster so just below this we have a couple of tools we have the brush tool which also breaks out into a couple of different shapes which you can use to just draw directly onto this canvas here and then if you want to remove it you can use a select tool hit delete and you can from here draw a completely brand new map as if it was a whiteboard so if you're used to whiteboard play this is a great spot to start from you can also access a text tool over here which allows you to choose a variety of different fonts and font sizes that you can then use to type out onto the map now you see it's a little small here but that's just because we're so zoomed out now another important one here we're going to skip over this guy there but right here the little dice icon this is the dice roller so you can make a lot of really quick rolls here you can roll singles you can roll up to six or you can also access the advanced roller which will give you a lot more options and then you can also see what your last rolls were so that way you can refer back to them and save them if you wanted to do that we're going to go ahead and turn that back to the simple roller for now also over here on the left which is going to be really important for you as the game master of the game is down here at the bottom are four layers now this first layer that we're on right now as you can see we're highlighted is called the token layer this is where players are going to see things on the map this is where most of your interactable elements like NPCs and players are going to be uh hanging out the next layer is the GM layer it highlights blue here when you're on the GM layer anything that you place on this layer is only visible to you as the GM so you can kind of think of it as having like a GM screen that's overlaying the entire table which can be really helpful for putting notes or pre-arranging your tokens Miniatures wherever you want them to be so you're not spending a lot of time rearranging them in the middle of the session now this next layer is part of a subscriber feature called Dynamic lighting we're going to go ahead and move on from that this last one is the map layer now the map layer is great for things that are more static so think of your flip Maps or your pre-made battle maps that you might have for physical games this is like that you put things on here that you're not really going to touch and it's mostly there for background decorations so trees and rocks and houses and things like that so that kind of covers the key parts that we need here on the left side over on the right side we have What's called the right side pain now there's a lot of critical information that is going to be going on over here first and foremost is the chat which we're already on this is where you can talk with other people just like any other chat tool and this is also where things like roll results are going to show up most your rolling is going to be done from the character sheets in the game and those are going to be pre-formatted and look a little bit different but they're also going to show up in the chat menu as well the next pane that we have here is the art library and this is actually where you can access and manage your image assets to your account such as like apps and tokens and anything else that you might have on there now I will call out since we are on a free account we are going to be limited to 100 megabytes of storage space however for our adventure today we're not going to be having too many issues with that we'll have plenty of space you'll also see here that there's two different tabs so right now we're on the premium assets so if you do happen to buy any particular sets you can also do that and then there's also some free assets that you can access over here as well and you can see those previews this third tab is also very important for you as the GM this is the journal Tab and this is where all of the information about your particular game is going to be so your character sheets it's also where you will manage notes similar to how you might read a hardback Adventure book with all the information about the setting and the adventure this is where that information would go here the spce tab with the books icon is actually our compendium so you can see that we are currently set up for the D and D fifth edition compendium and you can kind of think of this as being like your own Wikipedia page for anything that you want to know about a particular game so you can find different information about classes and items and rules and all you have to do is search there's a lot to show off here so I'm not going to start searching too much right now but it's great if you're just starting out and learning and you just want to know where stuff is now these next two Tabs are the Jukebox and the collections tab respectively now these are also more advanced features we're not going to be using them in our demonst ation uh but you can do a lot of really cool things with these now up here in the very top right is the settings tab again there's a lot to go over here I recommend skimming through it and seeing what's going on it allows you to set up some different default options for your game now I do have one more section that I want to go over and that's this page toolbar up here so there's this little button and when we click that we're going to have this drawer come down from the top now there's a lot to unpack here and we're going to come back here because it's going to be really important for how we manage our game later but you'll see that we have a couple of different buttons to add pages and folders and this is really where you're going to manage the scenes or maps for your game so if you have a Tavern map and a city map and a world map those will all be separate pages that you'll move your players around with using this little yellow ribbon here so we'll come back to this more a little bit later but I just wanted to show that so that way you knew it was there so while we are here I do want to actually real quick get started with the first part of our process here in making an adventure and that's going to be just setting up an outline now I will mention for a lot of these pieces that require typing in custom text I do have these pre-written just to make things a little bit faster so I'll be copying pasting portions of that however there will be a written version available so all of this will be freely available to you to follow along with down in the description and you can just copy and paste whatever you want to use and make your own stuff wherever you want to do that so just to kind of walk through the details of our adventure here I posted this in the description and notes section and we're going to be creating a small dungeon we're designing for third level characters we're going to do a theme of Cults and Undead so a lot of necromancers and it's going to be set in a crypt now our time frame is 3 to 4 hours and we want to give some players some cool items so that way we can fuel that excitement it's always fun to get cool loot now we're going to have five encounters with one that's really optional we're going to have three combat we're going to have an easy medium and then a boss with some variable difficulty and then we're going to have a riddle a non-lethal trap and a optional secret encounter for our players so we've got our outline here and you'll see that we get some folders automatically we've got our handouts folder with the outline in it I'm going to go ahead and close that that's just supposed to refer back to it doesn't need to follow any strict formatting or anything like that so from here we're going to make a new handout and this one is going to be called plot and this handout is specifically for us as the GMS to break out that information on why are the adventurers here why is the party doing anything so I like to start it off with a hook in this case we're going to have our party be sent by the adventurers Guild to help out a local cleric in a town called calms Dale where nothing is ever calmed they're going to be investigating grave robbing so the way to get a one- shot Adventure rolling really quickly is giving them the information they need to start going beforehand so that way really when we start our adventure and we hand it off to the players they are already on their way to the crib and for our flow this is just something that helps you as a GM know roughly where you want things to end up you don't want to be too railroad you don't want to be too open world but you also want to make sure you have an idea you never know what your players are going to do but it helps if that's informed by how the world should react as you're running so I've gone ahead and pasted all this in I'm going to go ahead and save the changes so we've got our plot and we've got our outline and all of that is saved right here now this is a fairly broad overview of the way that an adventure will play out and we're going to add more details a bit later on but since we're going to have some combat encounters what's actually going to help us a lot here is creating a map now while a lot of Ventures and a lot of pieces of your adventures need to be run in what's called theater of the mind which is where the environment and everything are explained entirely through words and the players simply have to imagine them this works really great for calmer moments but since we're going to be doing some battle having a map where you can keep track of things and see where everybody is makes it a lot easier when you're just starting out to keep track of everything you can run it in theater of mine absolutely there's just a little bit more bookkeeping that you have to take care of as a GM now that we are in roll 20 and we've got our map downloaded we just need to add it to the game so to do this we're going to want to make a new page I highly recommend making a new page for every map as well as maintaining this start page the start page is a great spot for your players to First join the game in at it avoids spoilers and it also gives them a great place to get their doodling out of the way what we can do is hit add page and we're going to rename this by clicking the name and we're just going to call it the silent Crypt and then we'll click over there and now as a GM you can see where you are in the page toolbar by just seeing which page has this pink highlight to it so once we are in here make sure we have that select tool and make sure we are on the map layer and you just need to drag in the map asset that you're planning to use and if it is large enough you'll get this prompt and this is just do you want to resize the image and squish it down to fit the area that the vtt already has or do you want to adjust the vtt area in order to fit the image we're going to hit adjust page size so that way the VT changes and since we did this through dungeon scroll and we had those settings arranged properly we can see it's already aligned to the grid however if you do have a map from anywhere else not just dungeon scroll if you do end up in a situation where your grid isn't aligned if you rightclick the map image on the map layer go to advance transform and then align to grid you'll get this Nifty little tool up here that's going to allow you once you zoom in really really far is you'll select a 3X3 area on the map you can see this yellow color here and once you select that you can proceed with alignment and you can fine-tune this however you need to but this will allow you to really quickly fix up those Maps I'm going to go ahead and cancel since we're already aligned here now we've got our map created it's in roll 20 the next thing that we want to do is make sure that we know where everything is so the next thing we're going to start working on is map notes so to do this I'm actually going to go to the G M layer because I'm going to use numbers on the map and that's going to give me a idea of what each section is and it's kind of a short hand for us as the GN so I'm going to go ahead and grab the text tool here we're going to make it real big and we'll outline it in white and then we'll just go through and start numbering off these areas that seem important so this first one you know this will be the entry way so we'll label that with a one and then over here is we'll have this be the encampment area so that'll be the two so now that we've got our text on the map as you can see it's not quite aligned so we'll go ahead and move some of that around and you could see that everything is a little bit faded that's intentional and that's your visual indicator of what is and isn't on the GM layer and so I'm just moving these around they're a little bit easier to see a little bit more aligned to the room and if you're noticing that they're snapping their odd areas you can just hold ALT key and that'll prevent the snapping when you release and so there we go so now we've got our Maps we got our areas of the map labeled out and aligned there once we've got these bigger areas we also want to add in some stuff we have a trap that we're planning so let's put a t character down for trap and then we've got a puzzle so we'll put a p for puzzle and we'll figure out let's see where do we want to put those let's put the Trap let's say right in this hallway here and the puzzle let's put that up here behind this alter that'll work really well I think so once we got our numbers and everything down this is where we get into making the actual guide for our map here so we have our outline we have our plot the next handout that we're going to make is this one we're just going to go ahead and name it the silent Crypt and that lets us know exactly what it's relating to and then we're just going to go expand this description section and we're just going to start adding some numbered areas and once we've got those numbered areas we can also add in our lettered areas so our puzzle and our trap and these are our little indicators so this one will designate that it points to this section one up here and we are just going to add in some flavor text and some info here so this one we said was going to be the entry way so let's go ahead and put that in here and again I have a lot of this pre tight with some flavor text this will be available for free in a secondary area now I didn't fill out all of these so if you'd like to add more feel free you can also if you don't want to have more things of note you can also remove these and edit them out however you want to do it so we've got all of our encounters put in here with some flavor text and some information that should help let's go ahead and save our notes here and we can come back to those again later next we need to populate it this supposed to be a base of operation for cultist now we need to actually figure out where they go where they're at and choose out that location for where those different combats are going to happen so to do this we're actually going to now a fourth site and this is pretty optional but it is really handy so this site is called Cobalt Fight Club and what this allows you to do is you input some information about your group so in this case we're we going to build this for four players and we said that they're going to be third level and what this allows us to do is Select different monsters to show up in this encounter generator and it will allow us to make balanced encounters really easily so I don't want to go through everything here all at once but just to give an idea of what this looks like so go ahead I'm going to CH set the CR so it caps out at five CR stands for challenge rating in this case and we're going to set the type since we're dealing with Undead and cultist we're going to select humanoid and Undead and then I like to have them be evil so you could just use these filters down here to figure out the alignment and then once you've got all that the last thing you need to do just to make sure this is entirely free is if you go up to manage sources and under official click disable all and then click the Systems reference document SRD the SRD is the free version of the rules now I do already have some combat encounters built out but just to show what this left side looks like I'm going to add some cultists and skeletons and these are going to be part of our easy encounter and so you can see down here at the bottom that it gives you a estimated difficult y so here right now it's just one cultist and one skeleton it says that it's trivial it feels like a minor nuisance with the cultist I'm going to step that up to two and then we're going to take skeleton up to four and that keeps us at easy the idea here is you got these cultists they're controlling the skeletons and their henchmen and from here this would be our first encounter we just have two cultists and four skeletons once we've got that I'm going to go ahead and add this information about the combat in here to our notes about the dungeon to do this I again have this typed up already and we're going to say that that first encounter is going to take place in the entry way that there are some guards and I have some combat details so we've got all of our information about these encounters what's in them how to run it some flavor and some tips and this will all be available in that written document for you to prove so I'm going to go ahead and Save that and if you want you can also format these there's lots of tools so now that we've got our monsters in here and we know where they're going to go now we actually need to put them on the map and roll 20 offers a really great way to do this and that is in the form of that compendium that we were talking about earlier so all we have to do here is if we search up cultist we should see cultist show up as a monster so we could just go ahead and drag that onto the map and it's going to populate us with a character sheet it's going to pop up that info and we'll come back to the character sheet in a later section for now we're going to go ahead and close that and we can see if I zoom in here that we've got our token representation here and so we want two culus I'm going to copy and paste this contrl c contrl v but you can also drag out the cultist from here next up is the skeleton and we're just going to add that in here again it's going to show you the character sheet for that and we've got four skeletons here I'll just pose them up around there and you'll notice all of these right now they have that translucency to them that's cuz we're on the GM layer and that's keeping them hidden from players so I have them pre-organized pre-arranged and when the players get to this area then I'll be able to show them all at once so rather than having to search up every character every time all the time you can also drag them from your Journal so the ones that you actually drag into your game will get automatically added over here under characters but what I'm going to do is make a subfolder by right clicking I'm going to name this one monsters because I don't want to get disorganized and lose where everything is so now that I've got this we'll just drag out the cultist and we'll have them down there so now we have all of our enemy combatants populated on the map they're all positioned around and when the players get to that portion of the map us as a GM we'll just move these tokens from the GM layer to the Token layer so the players will see them as well and I'll cover that when we get to combat so the last portion here is just setting up those non-combat encounter again this is going to be pretty easy because a lot of the non-combat is going to be more theater of the mind oriented so what we want to do first is down here with our little trap I do have that t but that t doesn't really stick out very much to me so I actually want to grab the rectangle tool and I'm going to just draw a red box on the GM layer and that red box signifies to me that something's happening there so when a player steps onto that red box that's when the Trap activates and we're going to say that it's a pressure plate now we'll reopen our notes about the dungeon and go all the way down and let's go ahead and populate this information about our trap now when I do traps I like to add some details about why the Trap might be there you also want to have info on triggering and disarming the Trap this will be done through checks that people will make and roll from their sheet so we've got our trap in there the next one that we have is our puzzle now the puzzle is definitely a little bit trickier so you want to make sure that you try and hit that fine line of being cliche and creative the cliche aspect of it really does help with a riddle solvability and so what I like to do as a GM is just try and write out anything that I can think of as to how am I giving hints because you don't just want to throw a puzzle at some without offering them any recourse or information on how to solve the puzzle now I do also have here this will be a note this will be something that the players can find and I'll showcase that in just a moment but down here we have the rewards so if you solve a riddle you got something like this normally there's something good behind it I have a lot of different offers here I would say cater this to what your party is if you got a Bard or somebody who really likes music maybe the pipes of Haunting try and put stuff in that people will think is cool so we'll go ahead and save those changes as well and we've got all our notes in here now I do want to real quick we mentioned that cultist note let's go ahead and make a new handout here and we'll call this the cultist note and this is again this one's pretty on the nose but this is something that you can share with the party so you can take these handouts they're not just for the GM they are also for players to use so in here I'm just putting in the description and what text is on there and like I said it's a little on the nose the answer to the riddle is literally in the note the cultist in this case just didn't figure it out and we'll go ahead and save that and you'll notice up here at the top we've got this show to players button so when your players get to a point where they find the note and they're ready to use it and they're trying to read it you can just open it and click show to players and right now it's telling me it's not visible to players and I can select show to everyone and this will allow it to show up in their own version of the journal so let me go ahead and move this down here into our handout section as well so we've got all our encounters but what happens when you defeat the big bad at the end of the dungeon so we'll make a new handout here and this will be the ending we'll just call it the end and what this is just going to have is some notes about Boss Loot and what I've done here is include some pieces that could be used to if you wanted to continue the adventure you could do that so let me go ahead and drag these handouts down here so there we go so we've got our adventure laid out and now you can always add more if you want but I wouldn't recommend preparing more than you need to once we've got all of this set up this is round about the time when you are ready to start inviting your players into the game and ready to start playing so you can go ahead and exit the game and grab that link and start inviting people and they can join in you can also go up here to the top left where you can copy the game link and once you do that it'll be copied to your clipboard and you can send that to your players as well and that will get them right into the game as the players they'll be able to see this plus character button so if they want to make their own sheet they can absolutely do that however in this case and especially if we're going to be dealing with people who first time it is playing I highly recommend using some pre-generated characters so we do automatically generate some names for your characters we'll just go ahead and keep that that's fine when you come in here you can build a new character which will walk you through all of the steps it will let you choose your class your species your background all of that information it'll walk you through and outline everything thing in our particular case we're actually going to be going ahead and using a ready toplay character that is offered with this sheet and we're just going to go ahead and add them in so we'll add hon here and we'll add hon at third level and you can see we get our character sheet here and then we'll add another character so we've got our for characters I'm going to make another subfolder here this will be player characters and we'll drag those in here and so now we've got our adventurers and we're ready to play so I do want to cover a couple of things in regards to how to actually use rooll 20 to play so before we get started into all the nitty-gritty assuming that your players did not make their own characters you did make pregenerated characters for them you will want to make sure that the characters are assigned to them so you can do that by opening the character and clicking the little settings icon up here and then you can see this in players journals and can be edited and controlled by sections we want to go ahead and set this once they've joined you'll see their names here I'm going to select all players for now and this will allow everybody in the game once they join in to see these characters show up in the journal and then they will be able to interact and control those as well first and foremost most running the game is you got to make sure your players are in the right spot right now if you remember we have them looking at the start page so they're not looking at our map right now so we'll head up here and we'll grab this yellow ribbon and we'll drag it to the silent Crypt and this will move everybody's Vision what they're seeing and they will now see this map from here you will also want to make sure that your players tokens are on the map make sure that you're on the token layer when you do this and you'll just drag their token onto the map and we'll say in this case up here at the top of the stairs that's like the outside of the crypt they're just outside of it from here players will be able to just like you as the GM they can grab their tokens and move them around they can also use the arrow keys on their keyboard to move them around that way and players will be able to move any tokens that they have control over from that permissions tab now if you have them on the page and you just move them over here they're going to see everything they will see the layout of the dungeon they will see everything all at once which may not be ideal for how you want to run the session so to get around that as a free user on rle 20 you have access to What's called the hide reveal mask what this allows you to do is you can hide this page so we'll click hide full page and you'll notice that everything just got dimmer this means that on the player screen they will only see darkness and what you'll do as the GM is with this tool again you'll just come in here whenever you want to start uncovering parts of the map is you'll uncover here you'll be like this is what they can see you look down into the Crypt here's what you see of the crypt they don't see anything else that's going on and as they start to explore the Dungeon and come further in you can again open the tool and reveal it room by room so this adds a little bit of suspense we just walked our group into this room with the monsters and our first encounter so how do we manage roles and combat so we have a couple of tools and it can be a little bit overwhelming if you're not super familiar with ro 20 or character sheets already so let's first start with how do we perform roles so in order to perform roles you need to open the character sheet for that character whether that be a player character or a monster in this case I'll go ahead and open up fin here and resize this a little bit and then I will also open up one of these cultists that we're going to be dealing with and now they do look a little bit different and that's just because as a GM the NPCs we don't need as much information in order to run those as as the players might need in order to run their characters now in order to make rolls I mentioned that most of them are actually going to be done from the sheet itself and that means that we can just click these buttons on the sheet and it will take care of a lot of the heavy lifting and math for us so if I head back over to the chat tab which is where all the rols show up and say that Finn here needs to make a strength save I just click under strength I click the save button and that's going to automatically roll that strength saving throw and I can click details to see you know what contributed to that strength or fin doesn't appear to be a very strong Bard so take that into account but you can also click things like making the attack roll with a dagger and the Damage for the dagger and all of these things and very similar behavior on the NPC side if they need to make an acrobatics check you just click acrobatics everything is pretty much done for you in the form of these buttons on the sheet now from here all of these similarities apply to NPCs and players all those roles are just in slightly different locations but say that you want to make a change to the sheet in some way a really great example here is that we have a lot of cultists and all of them are wielding scimitars which can be kind of bland so what we we can do is actually go to our compendium and let's see if we can add a short bow to these guys short bow is one word and we just need to drag in the short bow into the character and it will automatically import all the necessary information in order to make a new entry here and now I can just click attack and I can just click damage so now this isn't saying that all of my cultists have these attacks but in the case of an NPC sheet you have one sheet to represent many characters so you put all the information you need and one on the sheet but you have to keep track that they might have different equipment and that works the same for players as well and that works for spells Feats items all sorts of different stuff in order to make it so you don't have to manually type everything out once we have our characters making roles the first role that they're going to need to make for combat in DND d 5e is initiative so now that we're ready to and we know how to do the rolls let's start combat in order to do that we'll head over here in the left toolbar and we'll click turn order and once we click that this turn order window is going to appear for everybody in the game what we need to do is the GM is make sure that all of our tokens that we pre-ordered on the GM layer are moved to the Token layer in order to do that we are just going to click these holding shift while you do so or you can also use the Marquee tool in order to highlight those I'm going to go and mo this one out of the way here and then you will rightclick them click change layer and token and then when we go back to the Token layer you'll see that they are now fully opaque now your players they will just have to open their sheet and they will notice on their sheet that there is a initiative button up here at the Top If they click that button it will automatically roll for their token and it will add them to the turn order however as the GM you will have to do a couple extra steps here because you have to roll multiple initiatives so you'll click the first token roll initiative click the next token roll initiative and this makes sure that you have different entries if you hover over them you'll see them be highlighted that you have different entries for the different tokens and now if you wanted to do this for the skeletons you would just open the skeleton sheet and do the same thing once you have everybody added to the initiative order you'll just need to sort it because Dungeons and Dragons initiative goes high to low and so we just click that button and we can now see that it is high to low and then you just keep track of turns by clicking the arrows and you can go forward or if you accidentally skip someone's turn you can go back and that is how you keep track of where you are in the turn order so the last thing that I want to mention outside of the turn tracker is one other piece which is the bubbles so you may have noticed while I was clicking on these tokens that they have these bubbles that show up these bubbles are for the token bars this first one in the middle is the health and the one on the right is the armor class so if you want to adjust this you have that little popup come up that explains this but say that this cultist took four points of damage if you type minus four it'll automatically adjust that you can also manually just input the number that you want it to be and it will adjust that and this is independent of the sheet just due to how these are set up but that's how you would keep track of how much damage they're taking if you want to keep track of status effects and things like that roll 20 does also offer a token marker tool so if this cultist was reduced to zero hit points we might put a big X on them to show that they've been removed from combat let's say that fin here was poisoned or put to sleep you can put the Sleep icon on them and that can help keep track of that if you also hover over that icon and hit a number key say let's say they were put to sleep for four rounds now there is a number four on it and then you can adjust that by clicking and using a different number so this is an overall kind of quick overview of how you would use roll 20 to run a session run combat make saves and do all of that however if you want to know more about the full rules of DnD D and how to play D and D we have a great video titled learn to play Dungeons and Dragons which we'll link down below I would also highly recommend if you go to compendium on that first page there's that start here you can also read a lot of the rules there on how to play Dungeons and Dragons and it's great as a written resource if you're just starting out hey again folks this is miles from the feature I realized that in the original demo I didn't actually cover the measurement tool like I intended so we're going to go ahead and go over that now so you can find the measurement tool over here on the left side this little ruler here and normally it'll be set to the line shape to start which is great for determining like how far you can move in a straight line based on your character's movement speed or an NPC's movement speed what you can also do is if you're on the select tool and you're moving your token around if you hit the q key you'll activate the Waypoint mode and what you can do with this is every time you hit Q after that you will put down these little way points that tell you how far you're moving what you can also do with the measurement tool is we have other shapes as well including a square circle cone and beam option and you can use these to determine area of effect of different spells and effects and you can also set these to linger so say that you wanted to figure out where tokens might need to be and you can also manipulate a lot of these parameters as well so that way you can make say the beam tool you can make it 10t wide which can make determining your fireballs and your lightning bolts and everything else much easier to figure out who it's affecting and how much damage can be done so with everything that we've worked through and discussed you should be all set to run your first Adventure however I do have a couple more bits of advice and information that might be of interest to you first off is the concept of session zero this is a session where you set expectations and it works as a great transition into the full game you take that time to ask your players what are you expecting from the session how interested are you in combat or the story or the world and just get an idea of what they're expecting out of the game and that helps you understand where you should be spending more of your time doing preparation many GMS also use that session zero as a character building session so that way you can show them how their character functions and teach them how to use everything so everybody knows how to play before you actually start playing time allowing if you finish that session zero ahead of time you can always throw in a fun Tavern brawl to shake things up one other piece I also recommend for that session zero is checking out the ttrpg safety toolkit and what this is is it provides guidance on discussing boundaries and other things that might come up during play next up I want to mention another tool which is the GM Hub on R20 so if you go to GM hub. roll20.net it's a community contributed site that has a bunch of tools and generators and map creation that you can use to make your session pop more or make your life in preparation easier maybe you don't have a group just yet and you're planning on getting one always ask your friends ask your family see if they want to play but if you're looking for other people out in the hobby Ro 20 does offer a looking for group Tool that you can use to find games that people are trying to run or list your own games that you're trying to run there's both a roll 20 LSG and a generalized t RPG lfg that you can use to find groups they have their own subreddits that you can also navigate to and then lastly if you're like me and you like to experiment a little bit and just see how the game plays there's also solo play there's a solo play subreddit that has a lot of resources that you can check out that covers everything for this live demonstration and showing you how to build and run your first session on R 20 I really appreciate you joining me for this and building your first game from scratch and I hope that this was helpful if you do have any questions feel free to comment them down below you can also join our community forums from the website and our Discord as well if you want to ask questions there to other community members and then our support team is also available which you can reach us at roll20.net help as well as find other documentation that might help answer your questions wishing you the best and good luck and good Loop