- Facebook Ads in 2026: NEW Secrets, Tips & Strategies: Kind: captions Language: en Meta ads have changed again. What worked 12 months ago is already becoming outdated. And if you're still relying on old strategies, you're leaving a lot of money on the table. In this video, I'm going to break down a number of Meta ad strategies and techniques that are working really well right now, including what's changed, what's quietly dominating behind the scenes, and how you can use it to scale profitably. Strategy number one is to use value rules. I'm a big fan of value rules because they allow you to have the best of both worlds when it comes to targeting. With value rules, you can influence who Meta puts your ads in front of without having to overly restrict them through hard targeting constraints. So, you can have the best of both worlds. You can have open targeting and the full flexibility that Meta wants to be able to work out exactly who to put your ads in front of, but give it direction towards your most valuable prospects or customers. Let me quickly show you what this looks like. So, I'm here inside an example Meta ad account and get to the value rule section. I come over here and click on advertising settings, then select value rules, and then go ahead and click on create a rule set. Then I need to select my criteria. Many different options here, conversion location, age, gender, etc., etc. Let's say I go with age. I may have analyzed my customer data and worked out that people over 35 are more valuable to my business. Perhaps they are more likely to convert from lead to eventual client. Perhaps they are more likely to stick on my subscription service for longer. Perhaps they are more likely to buy again from my e-commerce store. Different use cases for different businesses. So, let's say I've identified the demo valuable to my business, select all the age ranges above 35, and then I select by how much I want to increase my bid. Let's say I've worked out those people are 30% more valuable than others. I can go ahead and add in 30 in here, give the rule a name, go ahead and click next, give the rule set a name, 35 plus, click create. I can now add that into my campaigns, add that into my ad set, and Meta will continue to advertise to people that are both over 35 and under 35, but it is going to favor the people that are over 35, be willing to pay more in the auction to reach those people because we've told Meta they're more valuable to my business. So like I said at the beginning, a great way to have the best of both worlds when it comes to targeting, you don't need to have this trade-off between hard constraints but small audience versus open targeting, you can go with this option instead. Strategy number two is to define your audience segments. So Meta breaks down the audience that you're reaching into three different segments. You've got new audience, you've got engaged audience, and you've got existing customers. So it's really important to take a few minutes, it doesn't take very long at all, and get for example your customer list uploaded to your Meta ad account and then define in advertising settings that audience being existing customers. You want to do the same with your engaged audience, which is going to be people that are warm, they've interacted with your business before, but they haven't actually bought. So this could be website visitors, people on your email list but not your customer list, people who've engaged with you across the Meta apps. You can very quickly and easily do this in advertising settings. If we jump back to advertising settings, we've got here in this example ad account these already defined. We've got engaged audience for example, which we defined as our all website visitors 180, and we've got existing customers, we've got an example customer list uploaded. I've separate videos going into more details about how to do that, how to set it up, but really valuable to do because it allows Meta to better allocate budget across cold, warm, and hot audience, which is what these three categories are. You are also able to see in breakdown data when you're looking at your results at your campaign, ad set, or even ad level the split of spend but also where your results are coming from. How many of our purchases are coming from existing customers versus from new audience? What's the cost per purchase look like across those audience? You can do the same with with cost per lead. Takes a few minutes, well worth doing. Number three is to produce way more ad creative. We now aim for 20 different ad creatives per ad set. We used to be limited to six, that's what Meta used to recommend, but post Andromeda things have really changed. Meta is now prioritizing creative diversity. They want lots of different ad creative in the same ad set because it allows them to do a few different things. Firstly, it allows them to personalize ad delivery. So, they're not going to put the same ads in front of everyone. They're not going to work out from your six ads previously, "This is the best performer. Let's put that in front of everyone." Instead, they're going to work out, "This person's probably going to be more interested in this ad, but this person's probably going to be more interested in this ad." Meta obviously has the data to be able to make those calculations, and that's what the Andromeda update is going to help with. So, the more diversity you have amongst your ad creative, so different formats, different styles, different looks, the more you're going to be able to benefit from that. Also, it really helps with ad fatigue. The more creative diversity you have and the more different ads you have in an ad set, the longer it will take for them to fatigue. If someone sees the same ad seven or eight times, even in a two- or three-day period, they might get pretty bored of it. I've seen that. Yeah, get it. Whatever. But, if you've got lots of different ads and Meta is showing one ad in the morning, a different ad in the afternoon, different ad the next morning, etc. to that that one individual, it's going to take much longer before they become bored of it. You get past the I've seen this before, therefore I can scroll on filter much quicker. So, really important to produce extra ad creative. How do you go about doing that? Well, firstly, embrace different formats. Doesn't all have to be video. Video is the best performing ad format for most advertisers, but we want to make sure we've got a range of formats live at any one time. Different people interested in different formats is part of the reason, but also it's much quicker and easier to create lots of say image variations than it is to create lots of extra videos. That's the first thing. Secondly, embrace Meta's variation options. So, when you're uploading your imagery to the ad platform, you go through the creative setup process, Meta is often going to use AI to suggest variations of that image. By all means, take advantage of those. And you can use external tools that use AI to help you with this, too. One of the biggest reasons small budgets fail on Meta isn't targeting, it's the creatives. Because testing properly requires variations and variations cost money. A single UGC video from a creator, hundreds if not thousands of dollars. An agency to consistently produce and test new creatives, thousands if not tens of thousands dollars per month. And that's before you even know if the ads convert. If you're working with a small budget, that math just doesn't work. Hollow flips that part of the equation. You just paste in only your website URL and it analyzes your brand voice, positioning, and visuals. Then generates ready to publish ads, social posts, and email campaigns. But what makes this powerful for small budgets is the variations. Instead of giving you one creative, it can generate batches of different hooks, angles, formats, and layouts in seconds. You can tweak the size, swap visuals, adjust colors, change the messaging, translate it into another language, or even turn a static image into a video without starting from scratch each time. No prompts, no Canva marathons, no waiting weeks on freelancers. And here's why this matters for small budget advertisers. Meta rewards iteration. The people who win aren't always the ones spending the most, they're the ones testing the most. If you can create 10 to 20 creative variations quickly without spending thousands on production, you suddenly have leverage. Instead of spending your budget on creative production, you can spend it on actual ad testing. What used to take hours or cost thousands now takes minutes. For solo founders and small teams, that removes the biggest bottleneck in Facebook ads, producing enough creatives to find a winner. If creative costs have been holding you back from testing properly, Hollow is definitely worth looking at. There is a link in the description and a discount code if you want to try it. Strategy number four is to use partnership ads. Now, this is linked to the previous point I made around creating more ad creative. Partnership ads will certainly help you do that. Just to quickly explain what they are, partnership ads are ads that run from both your account and a creator's account. So, you can hire creators, influencers to produce usually video ad creative promoting your products and services. And then when you run them, they will be run from those two accounts, yours and theirs, hence why it's called a partnership ad. It's effectively influencer marketing, but not reliant on the organic distribution of their posts, but you can actually put budget behind it and advertise and run it to their audience. And there's a number of reasons why you might want to do so. Firstly, it's a quick and easy way to produce a lot more ad creative because you're not doing it yourself. Secondly, if you work with the right people and they have influence over your target market, they have scroll-stopping power. People are more likely to pay attention, so your hook rate improves. That's a big deal. That should not be underestimated. Thirdly, their recommendation carries weight. So, when they say you should go and buy this product or service, if it's someone that is respected in your space, people are more likely to do it as opposed to that recommendation coming from someone they don't know or from someone within your company. Fourthly, partnership ads can really help you build a brand over time because if you work with creators over an extended period of time, the creators that you work with, people will start to associate with your business and your business will take on the values and the things that people think about those creators. Means you need to pick well in the first place, but it can be a great way to build a brand. Also, when you're working with influencers creators, they're normally pretty good at producing creative assets, otherwise they wouldn't have become an influencer or creator in the first place. So, it's a great way to get really high-quality ad creative that a lot of businesses just aren't capable of producing themselves. Now, of course, it costs money to go out and hire these people, but if you choose right, you are more than likely going to recoup the cost pretty quickly in terms of increased ad efficiency. If you take 10% of your advertising budget, for example, and pay that to creators, but that creator makes your ad campaign 40% more effective, that's a great trade. You should do that every time. And I see that come up again and again. And Meta have a really simple free tool that you can use to make finding creators to work with, contacting them really easy. So, if I jump back into my example ad account, I'm in campaigns. If I go ahead and click on all tools, and I can come down here to the Creator Marketplace. And then from within here, I can easily find creators to work with. Meta even gives recommendations around the creators most relevant for you. I've created a whole video around the Creator Marketplace, how it works, how to go through it properly. You can find that on my channel, and go ahead and check that out. I just wanted to quickly show you how easy this process can be. Strategy number five is to use the creative testing tool. A lot of advertisers have run into issues post-Andromeda when it comes to testing new ad creative. I've already talked about wanting a lot more ad creative, so we want to test to find out what's working, what's not. A lot of advertisers are running into problems where they upload new ad creative, add that into an existing ad set, and it just gets no ad spend whatsoever, and it feels pointless, like a complete waste of time. The existing best performers just continue to get all the ad spend. So, I've seen advertisers do all sorts of things with like separate campaigns and testing setups. It can get very complicated very quickly. You can end up with fragmented data, not the way to go. Much better to use the creative testing tool. So, let's go back into my example ad account. I don't have any campaigns in here, so let's just quickly create an example campaign. Let's go with a sales campaign. And I'm just going to jump straight to the ad level, which is where you will find the creative testing tool. Then I'm going to scroll down, and it's just here beneath where you add in your ad creative. And if I click on here, I can click on setup test, and you can test two to five different ads simultaneously. You can tell Meta how much of your budget you want to spend on this test, how long you want this test to run, and then what do you want to compare performance? I would absolutely recommend changing from, say, cost per post engagement to something like cost per lead or cost per purchase, or whatever it is that you're actually optimizing for in the campaign. That might mean you need to add in extra time, extra budget to make it work, etc. Click confirm, and then what you do is this will produce five different test ads. You go into each one of those ads, and you add in the different ad creative, and this will do a proper test. Meta will segment out your audience into five different chunks, and make sure they don't overlap so you can properly test to see ad creative A, how does it perform against ad creative B? If you're producing new ad creative and adding them to your campaigns, your existing campaigns, your existing ad set, you can use this to make sure they actually get spend and you find out if they're working or not or whether you just completely wasted your time and potentially money on on getting those things created. So yeah, big fan of the creative testing tool. Not many advertisers know about it, even fewer use it, but I certainly recommend it. Strategy number six is to not use a separate retargeting campaign or even a separate retargeting ad set. Instead, we like to combine the two and run a hybrid so your ads are being delivered to a combination of warm and cold audiences. Why do we do that? Because no matter how you set up your targeting, it is very likely that Meta is going to target a mixture of cold and warm audiences anyway. I talked in a previous point about defining your audience segment and one of the reasons is so that you can go down into the breakdown information and you can break down your results but also your spend by new audience, engaged audience, and existing customers. When you do that in an ad set that is set up to be a retargeting ad set and then you compare the results to an ad set that is set up to be a cold audience ad set, often you will find that the split in terms of spend between new audience, engaged audience, and existing customers is exactly the same. And why does Meta do this? Because most of your targeting inputs are suggestions. When you set up an ad set to be a warm audience ad set, you add in your warm audiences, your custom audiences as targeting, but you do so as a suggestion in the suggested audience section as opposed to within the controls within the hard targeting constraints. So Meta has the flexibility to target other people. If you're targeting more open, more cold audiences, Meta is absolutely going to find your warm audiences. Those are the people that are most likely to engage with your ads. Those are the people that Meta will quickly identify as most likely to purchase, become a lead, whatever it is you're optimizing for, and that is going to put ads in front of them. So, if the two different campaigns or two different ad sets, one one one cold, are going to be the same from a distribution standpoint anyway, you might as well combine them so that you don't have fragmented data. We consolidate that data. One ad campaign producing 50 conversions a week is much better than two ad campaigns producing 25 conversions a week because getting out of the learning phase, you're not being caught in learning limited, Meta has more data to optimize, you have more data as the advertiser to be able to assess things and make optimization decisions. So, we rarely have separate retargeting campaigns. Now, there are circumstances where we do. I've got another video going into more detail on this that you can check out on my channel, but by default, we're not going to retarget separately. Quick one before we continue. If you're running Meta ads and you'd like me to take a look at your actual ad account and tell you what I would change, test, or scale, I've built something called the Ben Heath Inner Circle. Inside, you get direct access to me for less than $60 per live session, where you can join, ask me questions, and even share your ad account for live feedback. And these sessions are scheduled across multiple time zones, so you can join from wherever you are in the world. So, if you're dealing with performance dropping, creatives not working, or you're unsure how to scale, you can bring it to a live session and we'll go through it together. If you want to check it out, there's a link in the video description. Let's get back to the video. Strategy number seven is to focus your initial acquisition on free {slash} inexpensive products or services, or go to the other end of the spectrum and go high price point, premium luxury, high ticket, high touch sales process. I think the mid-range is often the hardest, particularly to scale. It's where most of your competitors are, so it's difficult differentiate just for starters. But, if you just think about the economics of it, if you're offering something free or inexpensive, you want that to be as cheap and as operationally efficient for your business as possible, something that you can give away. It's just not going to be very difficult for you to deliver on that. Or you want to go to the other extreme where you can have all the bells and whistles and all the high touch points in the sales calls and the proposal documents and the follow-up processes. Because when you actually do get a customer, you cover the cost of all that. In the mid-range, you're often high enough price where people want a bit more than something just easy automated, but you don't really make enough money from them to be able to justify an elongated sales process or you know, something really complex. So, the more I've seen businesses that are outliers that really succeed with their meta ads, the more they tend to fall into one end or the other. Like free or really really inexpensive and easy for them to deliver on in the first place what you might call a tripwire. Or, you know, let's do it all. Let's go with the absolute top end of the market. I'll work with just a handful of clients customers. They'll be incredibly valuable. Our return on ad spend on those leads would be unbelievable. Yeah, that seems to be a better approach to go with. And strategy number eight is to embrace WhatsApp and use it as part of your meta marketing funnels. Now, this is going to be location dependent to some extent. In the US, for example, people use WhatsApp a lot less than just about everywhere else in the world. But if your target audience is on WhatsApp regularly, then definitely experiment with a WhatsApp-based sales funnel. I've seen a lot of businesses having success with replacing their traditional processes with a WhatsApp-based funnel instead. So, let's say previously people would click, go through to landing page, book in a call or inquire. They'd then get contacted by the company to arrange a call. A lot of friction, slow process. How much easier is it for your prospect to just click on an ad, go straight into WhatsApp, send a few messages, and those initial messages are all automated, and people are filtered depending on you know, you can find out whether they actually are a qualified lead or not. From then on, you can then progress them to actually communicating with a person. And I think that a lot of prospects prefer that. They're like, "Well, why would I want to book a sales call for 3 days time and then I have to sit on the call and have them pitch me the thing, and then I've got to get the document afterwards, and then I follow up. It's slow, and it's cumbersome, and it's friction, and people are busy. Whereas on WhatsApp, it's like I could just send a few messages back and forth really quickly, find out whether or not I like this product or service, and then go ahead and make a purchasing decision. It also has the advantage that's often quite a bit cheaper for the business to operate than a traditional say lead sales call funnel structure. In a market like the UK at the moment, you're going to have more success if you're high ticket with this type of thing with WhatsApp as opposed to low ticket, but that doesn't apply worldwide. If you're in India, Brazil, for example, you can sell anything on WhatsApp, low ticket included. So, I would predict that in the next 5 to 10 years, WhatsApp's going to make real inroads into the US market as well, and then this will apply there, too. In the meantime, for everyone else or people who are advertising to people in in other locations, uh definitely something to experiment with. And if you want to know more about how to advertise using WhatsApp, you can check out this video here. In it, I walk through the entire process of creating a click-to-WhatsApp campaign. I also show you some of the other things that you could do as a marketer, things like marketing messages on WhatsApp. Yes, you can send messages to people that have interacted with WhatsApp, which is incredibly powerful in certain circumstances, of course. So, if you haven't already, go ahead and check this out.

  Top Comments:
  1. @gabbeat [2 likes]: When you talk about separating cold and warm audiences, you mentioned it’s normally used as a suggestion in the ad campaigns. But there is still the option of using the old feature and making it a hard restriction for audience (ex. only retargeting) instead of a suggestion.
Knowing that would you still wouldnt split audiences?
Then, how do you control budget allocation to warm vs cold ?
  2. @BenHeath [1 likes]: Get personal Meta Ads feedback from me (live) for less than $60 per session:
👉 https://www.skool.com/benheath/about
Let my agency run your Meta ads for you:
👉 https://heathmedia.co.uk/done-for-you/
  3. @thiemebr: How much in average a small business should invest in FB ads per day?
  4. @hskinnershepherd: it'd be great if you could list in the description or tag in this video all of the videos you mention. not all of your video titles are intuitive to what you're recommending to check out. it makes it difficult to search your channel and find the video you are referencing.
  5. @mel12ab: Does the creative testing tool, only work for standard events and not custom events?
  6. @IntheRealLife: Ad gurus always talk like meta is so smart but I have found if you don't tell it what to do it puts your ads in front of an audience MOST UNLIKLEY to actually purchase. For example, I am a remotely attractive woman and my target audience is other women. Men will engage with my videos because well.... men engage with any video of a remotely attractive women, doesn't matter what you are talking about. So what does meta do if i don't completely limit them? They push my ads to men when my product is for women. Same thing happens if you leave the location open, they will show your ads in Nigeria which is useless to my particular product. What am I missing understanding? Why does every Facebook ad tutorial I watch tell me to let meta figure it out when they are obviously terrible at picking the right audience early enough on to be useful. I don't want to burn through ad budget while they slowly figure out my product is not for men and not priced for Nigeria. If I don't completely restrict them they send my ads to the exact wrong people every time.
  7. @chordkeys: Help. How many assets should I use for flexible ads?
  8. @lemonroti1991: This video breaks down eight key strategies for scaling Meta Ads in 2026. Here is an overview of the sections covered:

Strategy 1: Use Value Rules (0:20 - 2:13): Explains how to influence Meta's targeting by assigning higher value to specific customer segments without hard constraints.
Strategy 2: Define Audience Segments (2:13 - 3:40): The importance of classifying audiences into new, engaged, and existing customer groups to optimize budget allocation.
Strategy 3: Produce More Ad Creative (3:40 - 7:18): Discusses the shift toward creative diversity, aiming for up to 20 variations per ad set to combat ad fatigue.
Strategy 4: Use Partnership Ads (7:18 - 9:59): How to leverage influencer and creator collaborations to improve hook rates and brand trust.
Strategy 5: Use the Creative Testing Tool (9:59 - 11:59): A guide to using Meta's built-in testing tools to ensure new creative gets adequate spend and performance data.
Strategy 6: Consolidate Retargeting (11:59 - 14:48): Why it is generally more effective to combine cold and warm audiences into a single campaign rather than separating them.
Strategy 7: Focus on Price Point Strategy (14:48 - 16:20): Recommends focusing on either very low-cost "tripwire" offers or high-ticket premium services, avoiding the difficult mid-range.
Strategy 8: Embrace WhatsApp Funnels (16:20 - 18:30): How to use WhatsApp to reduce friction in the sales process and build more direct connections with prospects.
  9. @vinedresserlawnandlandscape: For a service business. Would you suggest that we test ads with ABO and, when they scale, put them in an evergreen CBO campaign? Or just run CBO campaigns with one ad set?
  10. @giullianaarias.: super valuable
  11. @johnnydulong-SellHfxRealEstate: I just asked ChatGPT if it could create Ad Creatives for me and it can.  I have not tested this but if it works, big savings.
  12. @condosbysarah: how to disable message template on leads campaign?
  13. @JarnoZhou-q6i: Just curious if it's necessary to do the creative AB testing?
  14. @Haifahusayn: Which tool u were talking about ?
  15. @topchessmoments: For a £200 per day budget, would you split out UK and US audiences?
  16. @Mia_archerron: Great video, Ben, thank you so much! Question: The value rules (the first tip you talk about in the video) is not great to do with a micro budget (20$) per day, correct?
  17. @icegangwatch: My product category is watches, so I'll be using a 1-1-N ad structure. With a daily budget of $100, should my ad creatives use different colors of the same watch, or can I mix and match different styles?
  18. @costo8779: Yo bro hru i’m a beginner is it better to go with videos or static ads?
  19. @tuckertheremedy: Hi Ben, would you recommend separating Catalog ads into their own campaign, since they tend to cannibalize spend when combined into the same campaign as manually created ads?
  20. @crescitaly: The 20 creatives per adset tip is the unlock nobody talks about. Went from 6 to 22 creatives after Andromeda and CPA dropped 43% in 3 weeks. Also pairing partnership ads with Crescitaly-boosted organic seed posts from the same creator before going paid - it warms the pixel and we see 2x better hook rates right out the gate. WhatsApp funnel tip also gold for our Brazil market.

- How To Run Facebook Ads For Beginners (2026 START UP GUIDE): Kind: captions Language: en In this video, you'll learn everything you need to know to run profitable Facebook ads for your drop shipping or e-commerce brand in 2026. So, if you've never run an ad before, the setup looks too overwhelming, or maybe you're worried about losing a bunch of money, then you're in luck and you're in the right place. Since 2021, I have generated over $7 million in revenue through Facebook or Meta Ads. And once you understand how simple they really are, you'll have wished that you started years ago. So today, I'll break down the whole setup process into four simple steps that anyone can follow. And by the end of this video, you'll be able to confidently launch your first Facebook ad campaign and finally start making that online money. Okay, so step one of this whole process is setting up your business manager. And don't worry, it's a quick process, so just follow along. First, you want to go to this website and log in with your Facebook account. And real quick, if for some reason you don't have an ecom store ready to sell yet, I got you. In the description, you'll also find a link to my free AI store builder that will build you a readyto-ell Shopify store loaded with winning products in just 5 minutes. So, as it says right here, the Meta Business Suite basically manages all your business activity across Facebook, Messenger, and Instagram. And once you get started with creating an account, then all you have to do is set up a Facebook page and that's how you can get access to the actual ads manager itself. So go ahead and click get started. Now once you put in a few basic fields of information, you'll get taken to the meta business suite that looks like this. Now the ads manager tab is right here, which is what we're going to dive into in a second. But to make sure you guys are prepared, I want to make sure that you have a Facebook page already set up and ready to go. If you don't know how to do this, it's super easy. When you're on Facebook itself, all you have to do is go over here to the left hand side where it says see more. Go to pages and then go ahead and click create page. Now, I've already created this page at the top here. That's just my name. And so, going back over to the Meta Business Suite. From there, all I have to do is click on ads manager. It's going to prompt you to set up your first ad account with a few basic fields of information. Just follow the process and you'll end up into a page that looks like this. This is where all your ad campaigns are going to be. On the lefth hand side, you have an account overview. You have some settings. You can set up some audiences and do a bunch of other stuff that comes later down the line. But for now, since we're just trying to set up our first ad campaign ever, all we have to do is go up here to the top left corner and hit this big green button that says create. Since I already have the ad account set up, I don't need to do this. But if you're setting up a brand new account, go to settings and make sure you fill out your business's information. It just requires your address and some other identification things to make sure you're a real person. Now, when you get to this page, things start to maybe look a little bit complicated, but don't worry because it's actually super simple and it's never been easier. So, since you have an e-commerce brand or a drop shipping store, just go down to the bottom where it says sales because that's your objective. You're looking for purchases and conversions. Go ahead and hit the blue button here that says continue. And then it's going to take you into your very first campaign. So, on the lefth hand side, we have the three different levels of the campaign. Right now, we're inside of the campaign level, which is the one at the very top. So, this is where you name the entire campaign that's going to run all of your ads. I'll just go ahead and call it test campaign. Now, you can keep these settings the same. And scrolling down a little bit, you're going to reach the budget category. So, I'd recommend spending at least $25 to $30 a day at the bare minimum. You can come out the gate with $50 or $100 or however much the account will let you. And it seems to be different every time based on a number of factors. But for me, I've never used this specific ad account before. And so the maximum daily spend is $43. So that's what I'll set it to. The reason why you wouldn't want to go under $20 is because at that point, you're basically just delaying the time that it takes for you to get enough data to see if your ads are doing well. Now, I'll explain a little bit more on that later when we're talking about reading the metrics of the campaign. But for now, the next thing that you want to do is head over to the next level of your campaign here, which is called the ad set. So, the ad set is basically a group or a collection of different ads that are going to be housed underneath it, which we'll get to in just a moment. So, for this one, I'll just call it ad set one. And you can really use whatever naming strategy you like to keep things clean and organized. Now, down here, it's going to say conversion location. We want to keep this on website, maximize number of conversions. And this is where you're going to be setting up your pixel. So your Facebook pixel is basically just a little snippet of code that gets installed on your website and it tracks all the different events that people will take on your website. An event is basically an action. So let's say an add to cart begin checkout process of course a purchase. And the reason why you want the pixel to be gathering all of this data is so it can get better and better at finding out who are the types of people who are most likely to take actions on my website and eventually make a purchase. So over time, the Facebook algorithm can get better and better at sniping out the customers that are right for you. Now, if you don't know how to set up your pixel, it's super simple. If you head over to your Shopify store and type in the search bar, Facebook, you're going to see Facebook and Instagram. Go ahead and click on that. It'll show up in the lefth hand side of your menu. And then all you have to do is go to settings, follow a couple of quick fields that are going to pop up, and then it's going to automatically install that code on the website for you. So, navigating back over to the ads manager, as far as the conversion event goes, same thing. You just want to select purchase here. And then go ahead and click setup conversion event. And what this is going to do is it's going to make sure that your pixel is indeed firing correctly and it will be tracking all of the purchases so they'll show up inside of your ad campaigns. Now, scrolling down, this is a key section. This is the budget and schedule section. And so, basically what you want to do here is you want to set your campaign to begin at midnight. And the reason why you want to do that is so the budget gets distributed effectively throughout the entire day. Like, it's pretty late. It's 9:30 p.m. for me right now. So, if I were to just launch the ads right this second, Facebook might try to do some weird stuff on me. It might try to spend all my budget within the next couple hours here and it might not reach my customers in the most efficient way, and you might end up wasting money. So, always set it up for midnight the next day. Now, scrolling down to the audience tab. This is where you can start to get specific and you can pick out who you want the ads to go to. Now, in theory, that sounds really good. 6 years ago, I would use this tab a lot. I'd be testing all different kinds of interests. But today, the Facebook algorithm is so good. It's collected so much data over its two billion users over the past two decades. And so, it's just going to be a lot better at finding people than you are. Even if you think you know exactly who's going to buy the product and you start getting hyper specific, you're maybe missing out on a whole different type of people who might be buying your product for a different reason. Like, let's say you're selling a baby product, right? and you think that the only people buying a baby product are going to be moms. Well, that might not be the case because people might be buying moms baby products as a gift. And so, Facebook is going to do its best job to find these different customer avatars or different people from different groups that would be purchasing your product. The only thing you really want to control here is the locations. And you want to set it to whatever markets you're able to ship to or however you run your business. For me, it's mostly just US and Canada. Facebook also has this feature that's relatively new called advantage plus. I recommend keeping it on. It's basically just saying that it's going to improve the performance over time with AI. And we'll get a little bit more into that when we reach the ad section, but it's going to allow the algorithm to have the freedom to serve up the right ad to the right person that it makes the most sense to go to, if that makes sense. Okay, so scrolling down a little bit, everything else we can pretty much leave as is. And now let's head over to the ad section. So this is the actual ad itself. I'll go ahead and turn on the ad preview on the side here so you can see how it looks. As far as the identity section goes, you want to make sure you have your Facebook page that you created connected. You have maybe an Instagram account connected if you plan on placing the ads on Instagram, too, which I'd recommend. So, maybe set up a quick Instagram for your brand if you don't have one already. And then same thing with Threads profile, although that happens automatically when you have an Instagram account, as it did for me here, too. All right, so now scrolling down to destination. This is actually really important, more important than people realize because most beginners or people who are running ads for the first time, they end up putting their homepage or their website URL here because it says website URL. You're probably scratching your head thinking, "Well, yeah, that's where I want to send people. What's wrong with that?" Well, there's nothing wrong with it, but you actually want to send people to the landing page, so the actual shopping page on your website instead of the homepage. And the reason for that is because you want to remove as much friction in the buying process as possible. If you send people to the website, maybe they'll get confused. Maybe they'll end up scrolling around and not actually buying the product. People have shorter attention spans than ever nowadays. And if they're interested in your ad, you want them to buy as quickly as possible. That's the whole essence of drop shipping. So, it's especially important if you're drop shipping. So, put the landing page to your product here and nothing else. Now, you can start to see things popping up on the right hand side here. you're going to get a little preview of how your ad's going to be looking at in all the different placements such as Instagram stories and Facebook feeds. So down here under ad creative is where you're now importing the video or images that you created. So if you click on image ad and you click next, this is where you can easily go ahead and upload the images of your product and it's going to show you how it's going to look across different ad placements. You're also going to get an option right here as well to give the primary text, the headline, and the description. It says one of five because you can add five different primary texts. And again, with Advantage Plus and Facebook's AI, it's automatically going to serve the text that it thinks will do best with the customer to the right customer. So, let's just go ahead and write buy 1 get one 50% off, buy 1 get one free, special Valentine's Day sale, and then headline the best deal of the century. Shop now. And then instead of learn more, you typically want to go and look for the shop now button. Click next. It's going to allow you to do some enhancements or improve your ads with some small features. And then you go ahead and click done. And just like that, you can now see that the ads are loaded up and it's going to show you how it looks across all the different placements. If you want to get more technical, if you want to start customizing these placements and making small changes, you can do so here. And I do encourage you to spend a little bit of time, much more than I did, thinking about what the text, the headline, and the description will actually be and then taking a look at how it will look. Now, the Advantage Plus campaign is going to go ahead and also give you some recommendations on how to improve your campaign as well. And the crazy part is just like that, you literally set up your very first ad campaign ever. And all you have to do is hit this little green button down here that says publish. And once it's published, it's going to look something like this. Remember, it's not going to start until midnight. and you're not going to get any data coming in yet. But when you check back in 24 hours, that's when things will start to get interesting and you can start to read the data. Now, as far as reading the data goes, what you can do is you can customize these columns at the top. So, you can see all different kind of metrics about how your ads are performing. If you click on here where it says columns, all you have to do is click customize columns. Then you can start to add the most key metrics that you're looking for right here. And then go ahead and click apply. But if you have no clue what you're looking for when it comes to should I scale or should I kill my ad campaign, then listen carefully. Cost per acquisition or your CPA is king. The first thing that you need to do is you need to determine how much you can spend on your ads to profitably acquire a new customer. And to do that, the formula is quite simple. So to find your break even CPA, you take the average order value on your store and you multiply that by the gross margin. So, let's say that every time a customer buys from your store, on average, you get $60 in revenue. And let's say that your gross margin is 60%. So, basically, 40% of that $60 you have to spend on fulfilling the product. Then, all you have to do is take the $60, multiply it by 60%, and you find out that your break even CPA is $36. Now, the rule of thumb here is if your CPA is below break even, so you're profitable, then you want to scale carefully. If your CPA is 10 to 20% above break even, so maybe it's costing you $40 to get a purchase, then you're in the optimization window. If your CPA is way above break even and you're just not acquiring customers or customers are costing you hundreds of dollars in spend, then kill the campaign. Another key metric you should be looking at is the 3second view rate. So generally on Facebook, you want to look for 30% or more. That's quite strong and it shows you that people are really engaging with your ads and the content you've created is interesting. If it's 20 to 30% workable, but it could probably use some more optimization or changes. And if it's below 20%, that's a good indication that it's a bad ad. Next, you have CTR or click-through rate. So, this is the percentage of people that see your ad and then decide to click on it and go to your website. Generally, looking at 1.5% and above is quite healthy. If you're below that or under 1%, then you should definitely optimize or start making new ads. It's likely that you have a bad angle or a weak offer. Another metric to keep in mind is your CPC or your cost per click. So, if the CTR is high, meaning that tons of people are clicking on your ad, but the cost per click is also high, then maybe it's a targeting mismatch and your ads are just going to the wrong people or you're in a super competitive market and you should probably switch the marketing angle and try to find a new customer avatar. If the CTR is very low and the CPC is also high, then that just tells you it's a bad creative and it's costing you a ton of money to drive any kind of clicks. Now, I could go on and on about all the different metrics that you could read, but remember, CPA is king, and you want to make sure your creative is good by looking at the 3-se secondond view rate as well as the CTR and how the CTR compares with the CPC. I hope you're still with me. I know if it's your first time hearing this stuff, probably doesn't even sound like English, but really, this is all you need to know, and it is a lot simpler than people make it out to be. Just start running your first ads, and you'll figure things out along the way. Now, for the last step of this whole process, you need to make sure you know how to avoid getting your ad account banned or restricted. Because let me tell you from experience, nothing sucks more than waking up one morning and seeing zero dollars on your dashboard because your ad account got shut down overnight. But before we jump into that, if you're someone who wants step-by-step mentorship and guidance, someone over the shoulder there with you in the ad account on your store helping you optimize and reach success, then I'm so excited to present to you my new partnership with AutoDS. And no, this is not just some 24-year-old guru on the internet trying to sell you on a course. This is the biggest and best drop shipping platform in the world with over 200 employees who has already revolutionized the game and now they're entering the coaching space and opening up the biggest mentorship for drop shipping in the entire world. I'm so lucky and so excited to be a part of it and able to promote it. So, if you want more information, I'll leave that link down below in the description. Now, back to not getting banned. So, it all comes down to three simple steps I want you to follow. First, as I mentioned in the beginning, make sure all of your business information is set up correctly in the meta business suite and on your ads manager because Facebook is really picky about making sure you're a real person, you're not a bot and things like that. So, the last thing that you want to do is piss them off by putting in some incorrect information or not filling it out at all. Second thing you want to do is keep your creative safe. you know, read the terms and policies if you absolutely must, but generally no sexualized content, no weaponry, no explosive, no drugs, just no crazy You know the drill. And third, don't go from spending, you know, $20 a day on your ad account all of a sudden to $300 the next day. No normal person is scaling like that, and Facebook actually doesn't like to see it either. They see you doing that, they might end up imposing further restrictions on your account, flagging it, and then looking into things deeper and at some point shutting you down. So, I just really wouldn't recommend scaling like a madman. And honestly, I wouldn't recommend doing it anyway. It's not the healthy way to scale up profitably. So, just like that, we covered everything you need to know to launch your very first Facebook ad campaign. If you want to see me putting this into practice live, I recently attempted a 7-day drop shipping challenge from scratch. Spoiler alert, it didn't go as planned, but I'll leave it on screen if you want to watch it here next. Anyways, thank you guys so much for watching. I really appreciate all the support. I can't wait to keep making great videos for you guys. And don't forget to leave me a like, subscribe to the channel, and I'll see you guys next week.

  Top Comments:
  1. @macrocolonel [5 likes]: this video had that super smooth “easy to binge” energy where every scene actually felt connected 😭 clean pacing, satisfying editing and zero moments that felt random or dragged out
  2. @madsrasmussen4306 [3 likes]: Thank you, man, I really appreciate it! I genuinely found this video very helpful, and I'm so excited to start ads on my new company, where I have an ad spend of 2-3 thousand euro a month. I wanted to learn it myself instead of just having an ad agency, because I wanted to make sure that I could actually do it in case I ever went bankrupt.
  3. @DeVilleSunblock [2 likes]: Really helpful content, can't wait for the next video
  4. @Bigjyv794 [1 likes]: You are way too fast, you are not beginner friendly. You are jumping way too fast, which makes it very diificult to follow. You sound more like a robot.
  5. @jfenn1 [1 likes]: let’s say you’re running ads for a client, do you run them from your account or do you run them from their account. not sure if i’m making sense but appreciate any help, thanks.
  6. @OluwatimilehinSamuel-pl5fs [1 likes]: What if I don't want to use a website
  7. @LindaH-k1g: Thank you for the great video 😊

I do have a couple of follow-up questions though:

1. Would you not recommend creating two separate ad sets for warm and engaged customers and cold audiences? Or is it better to simply go with the suggested audience targeting?
F2. or a smaller company with a limited budget, would you recommend having one sales campaign per category, or rather one broader sales campaign containing multiple categories/ad sets?
  8. @delonshamon: Do you have one for YouTube?
  9. @WenboJia-r8b: Very helpful man, thank you very much!
  10. @_MCDUCK_: Reading Smart Broke Dumb Rich by Zor Veyl hit me hard. I finally understood my parents were not bad with money. They just never got the right information. The game was rigged before they even started.
  11. @PrasaadJadhavs-d7m: Brother whats ur take on the new AI platforms which genrally doing ads etc like kopa, zeely etc
  12. @wildlife-c4e: Love from Pakistan 🇵🇰 this is really awesome way you explained.
  13. @ssjgarfield: And you already lost me.
  14. @xmarsol: ... who starts telling new beginners to start running facebook ads with a a SALES campaign.... YOU failed most at start.. Your basically allowing them to burn their money... smh and YOU KNOW THIS
  15. @tzvetat4324: Thanks for the tutorial. I followed step by step, but when using the ADVANTAGE ON, facebook doesn't allow to add the 5 cards you mentioned in the video. Is this something NEW after your video?
  16. @heathersudbrock: Great stuff! Thank you!
  17. @haashimbassier: If I want to start running ads for other businesses, that means that I would have to log into their Facebook business manager ?
  18. @teezyjugg8185: Click Bait ‼️‼️
  19. @DiggingDoYahoo: Love the way you explain things, very clear and professional.
  20. @jennizersarmiento783: Hi, your video is great. How about cost per lead for a coaching service offering a free strategy call?
Also, how do we compute the cost per booked call?

- The NEW BEST Facebook Ads Strategy for 2026: Kind: captions Language: en Andromeda has changed everything. And most strategies just don't work anymore. Costs are up and profits have tanked. Everyone running ads who figured out what was working has had a massive unfair advantage. In this video, I'll show you step-by-step the new best Facebook ad strategy and how to set it up so you can stop day trading your ad account and get back to scaling your business. I'm opening up my ad account where I spend my money. I'm going to share my screen real quick and show you the exact structure and more importantly, why we structure it this way. This is the modern version of the one campaign method which we now call Andromeda one. Ad set one is the control. This is our benchmark, a small set of proven ads and ideally there's a good mix of images and videos. These aren't winners forever, they're just the most stable ads that are good enough to scale from and rely on. Ad sets two and three are tests. Each one contains a single 322 ad and these two ad sets should be thought of as an AB test. And these ads have one specific job, to improve or even replace the worst ad inside the control ad set. Also, in a little bit I'm going to show you exactly how to identify the worst ad because I think most people pick the wrong one. We're not testing to find the next winner to scale and abuse. Remember, Facebook ads are a team sport. We want to find the worst player on the team and replace them so that we can win more often. Now let's talk about how to judge a test. This is the part most experts get wrong and this is the most important part of scaling any account. We're not judging the test by any individual ad metric, CPA, ROAS, CTR, hook rate, none of that. Those are diagnostics. The goal is money. We only need to ask one stupid simple question. Did the campaign's profit volume go up? And by that I mean total revenue minus total ad spend. If yes, we just created more money to reinvest so we can scale the budget. If no, the test is a loser. That's it. Real quick, if you like this video, please go ahead and like this video and subscribe so you don't miss anything else and share it with all of your friends. YouTube loves that and that's how we help put back the fiction so that everyone can see more success and less stress. Also, check out Disruptor Academy. We just launched a brand new course on Andromeda one. Literally soup to nuts everything you need from setup to scale. Automated rules for low budgets, high budgets, literally everything you need to see more success and less stress. The link is right there. All right, that being said, let's get back to it. Budget behavior is the signal and the three-step testing process I'm about to show you is where Andromeda one gets really powerful. After we launch the test ads, we wait. And then, step one, delivery. Did the ads earn spend? If the answer is no, the ads aren't competitive and the test is basically dead on arrival and we start over. Step two, evaluation. What happens to the campaign if the answer is yes? If the test earns spend and the profit volume goes up, the test is winning regardless of what any individual ad metric says. And if the test earns spend and the profit volume drops, it's a loser and we start over. And then step three, scale. If profit volume went up, we have more money to invest so we increase the budget. And you continue to scale until profit volume stops improving and then you're back to testing. It doesn't matter if any of your new ads are winners or if your ROAS goes from two to 20. If profit didn't go up, it's a loss. Only the business outcome matters because it's not about any individual ad, it's about the whole team. And if we can't scale the budget, we need to make the team better. Now, a little earlier I promised I would show and it's also stupid simple. When I evaluate ads, I don't start with ROAS. ROAS is a ratio. It can look amazing while you make less money. We want to make more money. So what we care about is gross profit per transaction. I call it GPT and yes, you can build it as a custom metric in your dashboard. Here's how to do it. Here's why this matters. Ad A could be a 4x ROAS on a $10 CPA with a $40 AOV. That's a $30 gross profit. Ad B could be a 2x ROAS on a $60 CPA with a $120 AOV. That's a $60 gross profit. Half the ROAS, double the profit. So when we evaluate an ad, the stupid simple question is, does the ad have a GPT above campaign average? If not, that's when we want to try to replace. This stupid simple structure gives you something most advertisers never get. Certainty. Because we know exactly what changed and when it changed and what it did to the bottom line of the business. We can say things like, "That new hook increased profit volume." Or, "That angle brought in a higher AOV customer." No guessing, no emotional attachment, no subjective view based on attribution. And here's the hidden upside, the cross-channel effect. When you improve the quality of who you bring in and keep your traffic consistent, everything downstream gets better. Let's take a step back to look at what's really happening. Our creative testing upgrades the customer quality coming into the store. And because all spend runs through one system, Meta's Andromeda gets better at matching the right ad to the right buyer. And because we're not launching hundreds of random ads, all of our customers begin to look and feel and behave the same. Then we scale the budget to buy more of those higher quality customers. And all of that means that our site converts better, search and email pick up more revenue and even returning customer revenue also climbs. And that's the point. We're making the business better by buying better customers. That's why we judge success by the bank account, not just by platform ROAS. I don't really give a about ROAS. And this is the difference between optimizing ads like a performance marketer and being an operator scaling a business. I think about it like this, hunters versus farmers. Hunters lived in caves for 100,000 years living and dying by their ability to feed themselves today. Hunters measure success by ROAS and daily CPA. They ask, "Did this ad work today? What's my cost right now? Did it hit immediately?" They live and die by short-term swings. Once humanity learned how to farm, we went from living in caves to building empires and putting a man on the moon. We are in the empire building business. If you want to scale to the moon, you have to start thinking like a farmer. Farmers focus on feeding as many people as possible. One corn plant can produce three or four pounds of food and you can plant 10 other corn plants from what you don't eat. So for the same amount of work, over time you go from four pounds of food to 400 because you're focusing on building a better system and that's what farming is. Farmers focus on total profit and growth. Their job isn't to chase win after win, it's to build a system that works and to protect it and to scale it with the resources that system builds for itself. And that's what Andromeda one is actually optimizing for, similarity to produce scale. We're increasing the volume of high quality data flowing into the platform so it gets better at matching the right message to the right buyer and finding more of your best customers. Now, before you copy this structure, we have to talk about budget. Because a lower budget changes the rules just a little bit. If your budget isn't high enough to reliably get more than one ad set out of the learning phase, then everything lives in one ad set. Your control and your tests are just ads inside of the same ad set. Then you follow a simple ladder. One ad set until you can afford to get one testing and one control ad set. And then you scale until you can afford two testing ad sets. And even when I'm spending a million a month like I showed you before, I don't have more than two testing ad sets. Once you get there, you're done. You're ready to scale to the moon. So now that you understand what Andromeda one really is, it's not a tactic or a hack and it's definitely not a structure you copy and paste from a screenshot. It's a decision to stop being a hunter and to start being a farmer. It's choosing a system you can run every week, not a lucky ad you hope doesn't die. Now that you understand that, next we need to talk about the ad itself. I got to show you the exact ad format I use, how to build it and how to feed the algorithm the kind of data it needs to actually scale because the best structure in the world won't scale if your ads aren't teaching Meta to win and that is exactly what this next video is all about. >> [music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @jendoubianis5323 [14 likes]: This guy is absolutely breaking the game.
I’ve been following media buyers on YouTube for more than 6 years, and honestly, I’ve never seen someone explain Meta Ads with this level of depth and clarity.

You can tell this isn’t recycled content; this is real experience and real mastery. Respect.
  2. @MartinBenesCreative [3 likes]: It would be nice you actually would show how to decide which ad inside the adset should be turned off. Since all of them are part of the “team”, which one you turn off? Sometime you can turn off a non performer on numbers but maybe it was a crucial part of the success for other ads in the same adset.
  3. @gepa-c5x [2 likes]: I'm tired of this guy. He claims to provide a step-by-step guide, but in reality, he just provides a philosophical opinion without real execution. Watched more than 20 videos, not worth it
  4. @HaroXII [2 likes]: Great video! Can you make another video on a detailed version of this strategy for low budgets? If all ads are in one set, doesn’t adding new ones to test restart learning? Also if all spend continues going to the winner do we kill the test in the same ad set? I’d love a more detailed video with maybe a demonstration. Keep up the good work
  5. @ji9arsoni [1 likes]: 4:33 The ROAS framing makes sense per sale, but doesn't the volume math completely flip the conclusion? Ad A at $10 CPA gets you 6 customers for every 1 that Ad B gets at $60 CPA — same budget, $180 profit vs $60. At scale, the "lower ROAS" ad wins by 3x. Isn't optimising toward higher AOV just a slower path to growth unless your margins are structurally different?
  6. @vitorriseriomkt [1 likes]: This helped me a lot. Greetings from Brasil ✍🤓🇧🇷
  7. @matejantoncic9342 [1 likes]: @CTtheDisrupter how do you deal with campaigns on a small budget — one ad set only, with a few proven winners?

How would you test a new 3-2-2 setup in the same adset, if we currently don’t have Flex, DCT, or the new workflow available? 🤔
  8. @deanfrost90 [1 likes]: Question: If qualified, feel free to answer... 1 campaign. 3ad sets running. 1 flex ad in each ad set. 3 videos in each flex ad. I have 3 winners, 1 from each ad set in each flex ad. NOW! what??? lol
  9. @stanimirnikolov7934 [1 likes]: I launch a CBO campaign with a $60 budget, and I always split the ad sets into two: one for videos and one for static banners.
  10. @DaEnvoy [1 likes]: Amazing video! 
Quick question. Well, 2 quick questions:
1) Is the one campaign structure for the whole account or is it one campaign per product group, avatar etc?
2) What is a good budget for starting to launch 1 testing ad set and then the second one?
  11. @evgeniyperinov2465 [1 likes]: So if i have understood correctly if one ad doesnt get any spend from the 5 olympic circles i should stop it and change it(if it is an image of a review most of the time wont spend or at least not much)Am i right to stop the ad and replace it with another review image/video
  12. @carlosnobleza1665 [1 likes]: I always watch videos at 2x speed if not 1.5x. This is the first time I'm watching in normal speed and rewinding. This stuff is GOLD. At the end of the day we want ours/client's businesses to scale and do that as sustainable as we can.
  13. @sjaikdjorai5793 [1 likes]: Can this strategy also work for live events that take place across the country? The events are free of charge for visitors.

Thank you for sharing your valuable content.
  14. @JaridOrgeron [1 likes]: There is one authority on FB ads - Charlie…and then there’s everyone else.
  15. @brianedwardsu7404 [1 likes]: Oh how disappointing LOL - thought you will show STEP BY STEP?
  16. @PoojaPadalia-r4l [1 likes]: Great video ❤ one quick question please — i was watching your video about creative testing. when you add new creatives, do you also tag your catalogue/products in them? In our case, Meta mostly shows the catalogue products connected to the ad in a carousel format instead of the actual creative.
  17. @kirstenschroeder9891 [1 likes]: Love the video! So it's a cbo with control and test? So as the test ones do well move the ad to the control? on/off from there? I'm spending 1000 day, so when I up the budget based on results - it's across the full campaign right? no abo?
  18. @slimnik404 [1 likes]: Hey Charley,
doesn't adding new ads to the same ad set reset learning phase?
  19. @davidemoretti5888 [1 likes]: What advice would you give for a clothing e-commerce site with a daily budget of €100 that offers multiple collections and products? For example, should I run a CBO campaign with separate ad sets—one for each collection (jackets, shirts, T-shirts, jeans)—or should I run a dedicated CBO campaign for each product type or collection? 

Thank you for your response, I love your contents. ☺
  20. @Siimonte [1 likes]: Great video. What about products like nasal strips that solve multiple problems? One, in a sense - breathing. But in several contexts - sleep, exercise etc. Two separate ad-sets for different contexts or one general? Thanks!

- Facebook Ads For Beginners (2026 Complete Guide) - POST ANDROMEDA: Kind: captions Language: en Most people running Facebook ads are wasting money. If Facebook ads feel confusing, expensive, or like you're just guessing, you're not stupid. Most people are running them wrong because nobody ever showed them the basics properly. So, in this video, I'm going to walk you through Facebook ads step by step so you know exactly what matters and what doesn't. This video is going to save you money and time and a lot of frustration. Let's start. Now, honestly, when it comes to Facebook ads, this is easy. So, the very first thing we want to do once we're in Ads Manager is just go over to the left hand side to campaigns and we're going to land here, right? And then we just want to tap on create the type of campaign that you want. If you're a lead genen business like a service-based business where you get, you know, their details, so you can give them a quote or anything like that, you just want to pick leads. If you're an e-commerce business and you get sales, so people purchase the product and you don't have to give them a quote or anything like that. You don't need their information before you get payment. You just tap on sales. All right. Now, for this particular video, we're going to tap on leads, and we're going to tap on continue. So, the very first thing here that we want to break down is the ad levels. All right. If you see up the top left over here, and over here as well, there's three different levels. Okay? There's the campaign level up here, which is basically just about setting in your budget. And then you have the adset level, which is picking things like your targeting locations, your conversion locations, and what page to actually run the ads on. And then you have the ad level where all of the magic happens and you actually create the thing that people see. And also if you selected instant forms as one of your conversion actions, you will also create the instant form right here as well. All right. Now that you understand that, we're going to go through and start this off. So just put in your daily budget. Whatever you think that you should put in for your business. Now my personal recommendation if you're complete beginner and you're starting off, I recommend spending anywhere from $50 to $100 per day. Now that's in Australian dollars. If you're from the United States, it's £35 to $70 per day. And if you're from the UK, £25 to £50. All right. So, what we're going to do now is just tap on next, and we're going to land straight onto the adset level. As you can see here in these two areas, we're now in the adset level. So, the conversion location, if you have a killer website, send the traffic to your website. All right? But 99% of people don't have conversion focused websites. They're usually pretty shitty. So, I recommend sending them to an instant form. If you run a service-based business, like you're a plumber, window cleaner, anything like that, I would just recommend that you send them directly to an instant form like this, just because you'll probably get more leads from using instant forms because it doesn't take them off the platform and you can make them high quality as well by making them go through and answer various questions. Okay, so what we want to do now is just select our page. And then for the performance goal, we're just going to have this maximize number of leads. There's another one down here, maximize number of conversion leads. I've spent tens of thousands of dollars on this. Don't bother wasting your time on this. All right? You end up paying a premium price to get basically the exact same leads. And when you set up your instant forms like how I'm going to show you in this video, you're only going to get conversion focus leads anyway. So, you don't need to change this over and pay for that premium audience. All right. So, keep it on maximize number of leads. All right. Now, we're going to scroll down to audience. All right. So, what we want to do in audience is just tap on this little pencil here. That's going to bring down our targeted location. So also tap this little arrow so you can see what you're doing. So we're just going to type in one of our service locations. All right. So just say we service around Chadston. So now it's targeted directly into Chadston. So what we want to do is tap on drop pin and just drop a pin in our targeting zone that we want to run ads in. And then just increase this to, you know, the radius that we actually want. All right? Or you can decrease this. So just say we want to target this whole area here. I want to run ads throughout here cuz I have a large amount of employees and they reach all around these different areas. All right? So, there's a big mistake that a lot of people do here, right? And it's they don't exclude the areas around the actual targeting. And I'm going to show you exactly how to do that because I want you to make a ridiculous amount of money when it comes to ads. All right? So, I'm going to show you the proper way to do this and exactly how to save as much money as possible. And one of those biggest things is this exact thing here, which is not having exclusion zones. And you're probably watching me right now thinking, Daniel, you just added in another targeting zone, you absolute idiot. Right. But wait. All right. We can actually go in here and we can tap on it and it will give us the option to exclude this. Bang. Now it's a red circle. What I recommend that you do is going through and putting all these exclusion zones all around your targeting zone just like this. Add them up to like 20 m wide each just all the way around your actual targeting area. So it will just look like a big blue area with a bunch of red circles around it. Now, this will stop you from getting a large amount of leads that aren't in your service area. Now, sometimes you still get the problem. So, to make this bulletproof to really avoid getting any leads outside of your area, cuz right now since the Andromeda update, it has been quite a big issue, especially for service-based businesses. We want to scroll down and we want to tap on further limit the reach of your ad. Do not stress, this isn't a big deal. The ads are still going to be broad, so we're still going to get as much reach as before. It's just actually going to listen to our good old guidelines that we just gave it which is just targeting here. It's not going to go for the cheapest lead and start pumping out ads here even though we don't want them cuz currently Facebook billion dollar company does not understand that we do not want that. So tap on further limit the reach of your ads. Go down here, tap on it and then tap on continue and just leave it how it is. Oh well you could you can actually change the um age area because you know a lot of the time you won't get people around the age of 18. So, you can just boost this up to like 25 or anything like that. And I probably wouldn't use this as a suggestion cuz I know my business better than anyone else. I'm sure you do as well. And the chances of you getting 18y olds is very unlikely in the actual job. All right? Like I'd really doubt that they're going to convert and get, you know, whatever quote or whatever business you run, unless you run like a like a restaurant or anything like that or a food joint, you'd obviously have this as 18year-olds as well because, you know, they would love to go out for dinner. But for this particular ad, we're creating an ad for a service-based business. So, I'm not going to bother about using that as a suggestion. We're going to scroll down and we're just going to tap on next. Now, as you can see, we're in the ad level. So, this is where the magic happens. This is where we create the actual ad, what people actually see. Right? So, we're going to scroll down and I'm going to show you exactly how to do this. What I recommend doing is having this on single image or video ad. And when it comes to testing, right, when it comes to knowing how many ads you should make, I recommend having about five ads in here. Okay, for this particular budget, five ads is going to work fantastic. So, now we're going to set up our creative. So, the creative is just the words on the ad, the image on the ad, and just everything like that. So, let's tap on setup creative and then set up image. We're just going to tap on this image here, and then tap on next. So, as you can see, this is what our image looks like right now. We want to keep all these as original. We do not care if this ad does not show up in this placement because we don't really want it to show up in that placement anyway. So, let's tap on next. Now, I can put in the primary text and everything right here, but it does look pretty bad. So, I'm going to avoid doing that in this area. We're going to do it after we fill out everything else in regards to the actual image. All right, so tap on next. So, as you can see here, it's actually generated us some AI images. I recommend just selecting on any of these that actually look good, but if they look like this one here, like it looks like the guy's in a snowstorm, right? If they look like that, just don't even bother clicking on it. But if you find any ones that look, you know, better like this one, this one looks pretty good. or this one here because there's another guy in the image. I recommend just testing it out, right? It's not going to use this as your sole photo like it's just going to use this as another test of the photo which is really good. All right, tap on next. Now, remove enhanced media text improvements and enhanced CTA. The reason why is because we want full control over our Facebook ads and we want to know what they actually say. All right, if we have on text improvements, it'll change our text around which is not what we want. And then if we have enhanced CTA, it will also change what our CTA is, which we don't want to happen, right? So, the ones we do want to keep on is overlays, visual touch-ups, music, and you can have animation on or not. I'm just going to leave it on. Let's tap on done. So, this right now is the bare bones of our ad. All right. So, this is our image. Just imagine this is from Solar Company, not my demonstration page, Daniel Jim. All right. So, this is what we've got right now, the stock standard. What we need to do is put in our primary text, our headline, and our descriptions, and our call to actions. So the call to action obviously for this type of business which is a service based business which is a solar installation we're just going to tap on get quote because that's what we want the client to do. We want them to get a quote. All right, pretty simple stuff. So bang, here's our primary text right here. All right, I've gone through and I've created this and this is actually a type of ad copy that we run for one of our clients who's in solar installation. It's not the exact thing obviously cuz I don't want to show that on ad, but it's quite similar. All right, so I want you to understand that this is the type of ad copy that works. Long- form ad copy works unbelievably well. Some people look at this and go, "Oh, there's a disgusting amount of like writing here." But no, you're paying for your ad to appear and sell someone on your service. So, you want as much writing in here as possible that's really going to sell them. Obviously, you don't want in here just random fluff where you're just trying to hit a word limit. No, you want very sales focused stuff. Pointing out the exact location and person that you want, right, which is a Melbourne homeowner. and pointing out their problem. They usually pay around x amount per year for electricity compared to 1,700 with a properly installed solar system. Right? We're literally eliminating their bill in half. We're doing exactly what the image says, cut your power bills. Right? We're cutting them in half, literally. All right? So, this is the type of ad that works really well. Now, I'm going to scroll down and put in my headline. So, the headline that I'm going to put in is something very simple. I just tell them what I want them to do, right? Which is getting a quote. We want them to go and get a quote and tap on this button here so we can go talk to them. So, bang. Here's my headline here. It's super simple. It's just get your solo quote, right? I'm just telling them exactly what I want them to do. Don't overthink this area, guys. It's really simple. Just tell them, like I said, what you want them to do. Now, for the description, just kind of follow along with that and either give social proof or, you know, push something custom or just anything like that, right? Just anything that you might think will help. So, here's my description here. reduce your power bills with a custom solar system which is just doing the exact same thing the image is doing and the words up here is doing. It is pushing the fact that we are reducing or cutting or destroying their power bill so they don't have to pay as much money per year. All right, that's clearly the angle of the ad which is hey we save you money. Pay us money so we can save you money. All right, but this is yeah this is exactly what you want here. So I'm going to break this down real quick. Off the very bat of the ad, what you can see is the exact target location. So, bank, they know that they are the people in that area. They're also home owners and they're probably most likely paying around 3,200 per year for electricity because this is the average for the households in there. And then bang, here's a quick little comparison to how much they could be paying if they had a solarin system that we installed for them. What this is doing is showing that we are cutting their power bill in half. And then you have the image that reiterates that cut your power bills in half with a custom solar system. And then also massive social proof. Bang. They know that we are trusted. We got 289 Google reviews, five stars, right? We are a trusted provider to install your solar systems. Okay, then we even have a photo of a guy doing it, which is really good. And then we have the actual headline, get a solar quote, the call to action, get quote, and then the reduce your power bills as well. Now, this is an absolute banger of an ad. But we're not done just yet. We still need to actually create the instant form where they're going to go fill out their details and become a highquality lead. All right. So, we're going to scroll up to destination and we're going to tap on create form. Now, in my opinion, I keep this on more volume and I keep this as open and I keep this as optimize. Now, we're just going to tap on next. I remove the greeting because majority of the time it is just a waste of time. And then I go through here and I put in multiple questions to make sure they're qualified because if you don't do this, you will get dud leads and you'll complain, why is my lead quality so bad? And it's because you didn't verify the leads. All right. So what I recommend doing is going through here adding in about three to four qualifying questions to actually make sure that they answer those questions to prove to you that they are a high quality lead. Right? So what I recommend is having about three multiple choice questions. So you just ask things like how urgently do you need it done. Just any demonstration question like that. You know your business better than I do. So just write in whatever information you want before you get on a phone call with them or before you send them a quote. All right. But if you don't know what to write in here, you could add in things like what's the best form of contact. So you could have your answers as email, phone call, SMS, and they can just tap which answer that they like, right? And then you know exactly what type of contact method they'd like to speak to you through cuz some people don't like email, some people don't like text message, yada yada yada. And then I also recommend adding in a short answer question. This one should almost always be, "What is your phone number?" Okay? And then I leave this as minimum characters five and maximum characters 20. This way when I ask, they'll get a question like this. What is your phone number? And they'll just enter in their phone number manually. All right, we're going to also get their number down here after you put in the questions. So, we're going to get their email, full name, phone number. Make sure this isn't optional, okay? We need this from them. It is not an option. And then also, you can get the street address as well, just so you know exactly where they live. So, if you need to give a quote based off Google Maps or Real Estate.com or Zillow or anything like that where you can actually see the property online, this is a great way to do it. Okay. Now, you might get this little warning over here. Too many questions may reduce the form submission rate. That's what we want. That's good. Great job. You did great. All right. You did great, kid. That's exactly what we want. We want to reduce the amount of people that submit the form because it means that we're going to get rid of all the dud leads and all the people that don't know what they're doing and we're only going to get leads that actually know, okay, I want a quote. Okay? So, if you don't know why I made you write in a question that asks about their phone number and also give them a form later on where they actually have to fill out their number as well. This is just to verify that you get the correct phone number from them. Because sometimes people who started their Facebook account with an old phone number, when they go to these instant forms, Facebook will autofill out their details and use their number that they started Facebook with. All right, since they haven't updated and then you would complain, I got a dud lead because nobody answered the phone. But in reality, it was just an old lady who didn't really know what she was doing and she didn't double check that it was the correct phone number. So, we make sure by having this question here to really force the fact that we're going to get the correct number. So no matter what, it is guaranteed that we have the correct phone number. Okay. So now we're going to tap on next. And I recommend just putting in your privacy policy here. You can just link this to your website or you can tap on this bit and just remove it alto together. Tap on next. Now what I recommend here is just putting in expectations. So I keep this as thanks. You're all set. And then the description I will have this as you can expect us to call you within the next 24 to 48 hours or you can expect a quote in the next 24 to 48 hours. Just anything like that. just setting in expectations on what is going to happen next so they don't go willy-nilly going around slamming a bunch of other ads to make sure they can get a quote from everybody else because they know that you're locked in. You're going to give them a quote in x amount of time. Okay. Now, we can have the additional action as go to website and have this on, you know, our reviews or anything like that if we want them to go there. We could have this as read our reviews and then the link is literally just straight to our reviews on our website. Or you can have this as cool business. Put in your phone number here. just change this over to call now. This way, if they need you urgently, they can literally call you right after they've filled out the form and you have all their details already, so you don't need to grab it while you're on the phone. All right, once you're done with that, just tap on create form and then bang. What I recommend doing is just going over here, tapping on quick duplicate, and just making about five different variations of this ad. The only thing that I would change in the ad to do the testing is the actual image. That's all I would change. All right, and now you are a fantastic Facebook ads marketer. I hope you enjoyed this video. Please smash like. Look, if you did want an unfair advantage in your business, there's a link in the description to my advertising course. I'm not going to push you on it or sell you on it. If you do want that unfair advantage, go check it out. See you later. I don't know what to say.

  Top Comments:
  1. @danieldimsey7463: My advertising course 👉 https://serviceadscourse.com/lp
  2. @NathanParks-s3v: i built an add for a client following these exact steps and it's gotten rejected twice, any idea why? even used similar text to what you showed
  3. @NathanParks-s3v: these are awesome thanks
  4. @gensis251: Thank you !

- The Only Facebook Ads Strategy You Need to Run Facebook Ads in 2026: Kind: captions Language: en Are you tired of your Facebook ad accounts getting banned right when you start making money? What if I told you there's a secret backdoor the top 1% of advertisers use to get unlimited spend, lower ad costs, and direct line to Meta support? Let me show you how it works with UpRival. So, this is UpRival and these guys basically provide whitelisted agency ad accounts to many different businesses in the ad space. And they're currently doing a massive offer that should definitely be on your radar, guys. Essentially, you can stop paying between 3 to 5% hidden spend fees to resellers. You can connect your own card and earn up to 2% cashback on your ad spend. If you spend 100K or more per month, this cashback could completely cover your monthly subscription fee. Now, what exactly is this service? Well, UpRival provides whitelisted agency ad accounts to over 500 different businesses. These accounts completely bypass the $50 per day limit you're probably used to, allowing you to start spending $1,000 or even $5,000 daily right out of the gate. You actually get access to a verified business manager and direct Meta ad representatives. If you are starting a business or you already have a business and you've got those limitations like bans or ad spend limits, well, this is a great option to bypass that and get around it. Now, when it comes to stability and support, agency accounts almost never get disabled, keeping your ads running during critical sales periods like Black Friday and Q4. If an account is banned, direct Meta reps can work to remove the restrictions or instantly replace the account to avoid low downtime. You can get direct feedback from Meta on exactly why creatives are rejected, so you can tweak them for instant approval. And the benefits are clear here. In traditional ad accounts, you're basically not going to be able to run ads for almost any vertical. You don't have that unlimited spending limit or unlimited ad accounts. With UpRival, you get all of that and you get tons of more features, too. Now, depending on your business and where it is right now, you can pick different subscription tiers. These range from about 300 bucks per month to about 2K per month, and you're going to get different benefits depending on that. But, it is worth noting that some of these are available, some of them are not. So, definitely check the availability and go through and see what is applicable to your business. Now, when it comes to performance and scaling, platinum high-value advertisers, or HEVA, VMs perform up to 80% better in the Meta Ad Auction space. This strong HEVA score consistently maintains cheaper CPMs and better delivery across all campaigns. These accounts bypass unfair health categorizations that normally spike costs for compliant products like skincare or supplements. So, definitely worth noting if you are in those niches. Now, getting involved with this is super easy, guys. All you got to do is hit the link in the description, sign up here, and then they will have a rep contact you very quickly. So, if you're tired of dealing with bans and want to scale without constant account issues, click the link in the description and secure your whitelisted agency ad account from uh Roas. They only open a few new spots two to three times per month to maintain high quality. Click the link now before they fill up.

  Top Comments:
  1. @TOPDigitalProducts [4 likes]: ✅ Uproas Official: https://linktr.ee/Uproas
  2. @diegothomas-m9x [1 likes]: I always thought cashbacks were a scam but hearing up to 2% monthly from real biz managers sounds pretty sweet ngl🔥
  3. @devanlbO: Bypassing those restrictive daily limits and avoiding random bans is a game-changer for scaling up campaigns
  4. @Rubin-e3w: Clear and understandable, I wish there was more information like this.
  5. @VijayKumar-ep8eq: Good 👍 information
  6. @YoussefTanane-e7b: 🎉🎉🎉🎉 good bien
  7. @YoussefTanane-e7b: Gooood bien 🎉🎉🎉
  8. @KevinAfric-h6l: Does getting access to direct meta reps mean faster support when stuff breaks? Or still slow as hell?
  9. @papina-v7b: Are these agency account legit or risky? Anyone used them before and can share real exp?
  10. @avariellabelinda: Damn bro thanks for breaking down each step so clearly! Most ppl gatekeep hard info like this!!
  11. @AuroraAkshita: Why doesn’t Facebook offer direct rep access unless you go thru agencies like uproas though? Makes no sense lmao🤦‍♂️
  12. @Wood-z6q: Damn all those sudden bans killed our Black Friday last year. Whitelisting seems only way forward for scaling fast af now!
  13. @FarahLoyal-n2w: This feels like cheating ngl but if everyone else does it what’s the point in playing fair 🤷‍♂️.
  14. @shivanironald: No more $50/day limits, finally 🙌
  15. @scott-j8q5u: Been scared af running big spends because of random bans…def need some insurance policy like agency accts.
  16. @jeffrey-x5u: So basically you just get unlimited scaling with whitelisted accounts?? Mind blown.
  17. @HarleanHall: Anyone tried it for supplements niche? Did you see more stable results or nah?
  18. @ThomasJoshua-p4o: I was struggling so much with $50/day limits on my skincare brand... gotta try Uproas now
  19. @fawziya-q8r: Damn all those sudden bans killed our Black Friday last year. Whitelisting seems only way forward for scaling fast af now!
  20. @Tiou-f3f: No downtime after bans? I’ve lost soooo much $$ from sudden shutdowns, this video hits home fr

- TikTok Ads vs. Facebook Ads: Which is Best for Ecommerce in 2026?: Kind: captions Language: en Are you burning through your marketing budget on platforms that simply don't bring in sales? The biggest question facing e-commerce business owners in 2026 isn't if you should advertise online, but where. For years, Facebook ads was the undisputed king of ecom. But with the rapid rise of Tik Tok ads, the landscape has completely shifted. Today, we are settling the battle. Tik Tok ads versus Facebook ads. We're going to break down audience demographics, cost structures, and crucial conversion strategies to help you choose the right platform to scale your specific business. First up, let's look at Tik Tok ads. To succeed here, you have to understand one fundamental truth. Tik Tok is not just for dancing. It's a massive discoverydriven shopping hub. The Tik Tok ads platform excels at putting products in front of people before they even know they want them. The demographic skews heavily toward Gen Z and younger millennials. These users value authenticity and entertainment over high production value. Traditional ads simply don't work here. If your ad looks like a traditional polished TV commercial, they will swipe past it. On Tik Tok ads, you need to don't make ads, make Tik Toks. Your creative needs to look like native content. User generated content or UGC. Leveraging Spark Ads to boost organic posts is a major winning strategy in 2026. Think unboxings, get ready with me videos, or fast-paced demonstrations. Tik Tok ads thrives on this high energy, relatable motion. The strength here is organic virality. If your creative hits the right algorithm notes, Tik Tok ads can generate massive sales without a massive budget. On the other side, we have the mature titan, Facebook ads, or rather meta. While Tik Tok ads brings the hype, Facebook ads brings the technical precision. The demographic skews slightly older. Think Gen X and older millennials. This audience often has higher disposable income and a higher intent to purchase. These users are highly conditioned to click through and complete purchases. They use Facebook ads as a direct gateway to products they already need. Facebook Ads's true superpower is targeting. Features like Advantage Plus Shopping Campaigns use AI to find your best customers with surgical precision. Furthermore, Facebook Ads is still unmatched for retargeting. If a user visits your site and abandons a cart, you can serve them a specific dynamic ad to close the deal. Now, let's talk money. Cost comparison is vital. You need to understand how the CPM and rorowass differ between these two platforms. Generally speaking, Tik Tok ads currently offers a lower CPM, making it incredibly cost-effective for brand awareness and reaching new audiences quickly. However, Facebook ads often yield a higher return on ad spend for direct conversions. Because users are more primed for shopping, you might pay more to reach them, but they buy more. Remember, both Tik Tok ads and Facebook ads require a learning phase. You must let the algorithm stabilize before judging your final cost per acquisition. Essentially, use Tik Tok ads to get discovered and use Facebook ads to seal the deal. It depends entirely on your specific business model and product type. If your goal is fast brand awareness and you have a visually engaging product that works well as UGC, start with Tik Tok ads. It's perfect for impulse items. If you have a higher budget and need reliable targeted sales with high customer lifetime value, stick with Facebook ads as your primary scaling channel. The best approach, it's not an eitheror situation. It is an and situation. Test both with a small budget and let your own data decide where your money goes. Data never lies. For more insights, follow skill dential.com. I am Lawrence and I want to see you thrive globally.

- Facebook VS Tiktok Ads ✅- which is better for your business in 2026!: Kind: captions Language: en Facebook ads or TikTok ads, which should you run in 2026? If you're running a business and you are looking at either investing in Facebook ads or TikTok ads, but yet you are skeptical about which one works better or which one gives more return on investment. A couple of business owners have reached out to me several asking me between TikTok ads between Facebook ads, which is better? You understand? Which one gives more results? Many of these business owners have asked me questions like this. So in this video, we are going to be checking which is better, whether Facebook or is TikTok ads, which is better to run in 2026. Hi, my name is Great. You can call me Great Digitals. You're welcome to my YouTube channel. I talk about marketing. I talk about advertising and I talk about design. Do well to like this video and share it to those you know it's going to be useful to and also subscribe to this channel so that you'll be notified whenever we drop new videos. We both know that Facebook and TikTok are both meta platforms, but performance while running ads are distinguished. As someone who has spent years scaling brands with meta ads, I here I've burned plenty of cash scaling and testing what actually works. Today I'll be breaking down Facebook and TikTok ads head to head. Which is better for your business? Let's get started with real latest data. As of now, Facebook has a total capacity of 3.07 billion monthly active users and 2.11 daily active users. While TikTok has an estimate of 1.9 to 1.99 billion monthly active users. So you can see that the number of monthly active users on Facebook are more than that of TikTok. That does not mean that Facebook outperforms TikTok. So basically, what I'm saying is is that if you have a certain capacity of audience in TikTok, it is like, let me say, times two or more on Facebook. You see that it gives business owners more leverage if you're in a particular niche. You're getting that particular audience you're getting from the TikTok platform more on Facebook. Now, Facebook ad does not need much certification. Like you literally need no You don't need any certificate to run Facebook ads. The verification that is available in the meta ads manager is not necessarily compulsory. You understand? Now, talking about targeting options for Facebook, Facebook has a wider range of targeting options. Like you can literally target demographics, behaviors. You can target interest and you can just basically target locations, too. So it gives you this in-depth of targeting your ideal prospects. That's your Those people that interested in whatever product or service you are selling. You understand? It gives you that leverage to target these people clearly, to go in-depth in targeting your ideal customers. Facebook ads just demands that you use a good creative. You use a good creative and a good copy for your ad to perform well and have low cost per lead, low cost per call or per purchase or and so on and so forth. So basically, because of even the new Andromeda update that is available on the meta ads manager, it gives you more leverage of running your ads and allowing the AI do the work while just handle the workflow while you go to sleep. So you just use a good creative, which is the flyer or video, and also you use a good copy, which is the compelling write-up, the description, the primary text which you use to give more more details about what your ad is about. So once you do this, the AI is just Facebook AI The Andromeda AI is going to handle everything else. You don't really have to do many targeting. You don't really have to do many things, but if you want to go in-depth, it's not also a problem. It's not an issue. You can go in-depth in your targeting, but basically, the AI will help you do majority of the work and there will also be some recommendations on making adjustments to make the opportunity score higher. You understand? Even the opportunity score is another way of Facebook telling you that, "Okay, measuring the performance of how your ad will perform." Because of the opportunity score, it's also available there in running Facebook ads. You can see the opportunity score. If the opportunity score is lower, it's telling you that, "This ad you have set up, there is a low chance that you are going to get leads from this ads or there's a high chance that you are going to get leads from this ad." Or, "Okay, because of this certain number of opportunity score, you are going to get this kind of performance." You as an advertiser, you will know that to a point my ad is going to do well. You understand? It's going to do well. And again, Facebook ad demands that you you you make research. You like study your niche, study the your ideal customers, the people you want to advertise to. You go through ads of other people that have done You go through people that have done ads in the same niche as yours. It demands that you do a lot of study. You do a lot of research so that your ad is going to perform well. You need to set up your customer profile, your targeting options. You need to set up your demographics, the behavior, the interest you want. You can also leave those blank if you don't want to. But if you need to do those, you also get good results from your ads. But it demands that you make a lot of research for you to achieve best results. And for Facebook ads, you have to do testing. You have to do testing. You have to test your ad because if you don't test different ads, different ad sets, at the end of the day your ad might not perform as well as you want. You have to That's where you That's where the creative and the copy is what will determine the performance of your ad. Not really the targeting. Not really the targeting. The creative and the copy. The creative, like I said before, is the flyer, video or carousel you are using to run the ads. While the copy is that write-up that is going to give more details on what your ad entails. There are some things that is not going to be in your flyer or your video that will be basically in the ad copy. Once so that once your prospects sees they can go through it and get more details on what your ad entails. The copy is the It's known as also the primary text in the meta ads manager. Now, let's move to funding. Funding your meta ad account has various options. You can use card. You can pay by bank transfer. You can use different payment methods. You can use the You can even use an automatic billing to make sure that your ads keeps running. So there are different options of payments for Facebook ads. Now, let's talk about TikTok ads. We We have talked about Facebook ads a lot. So let's move into TikTok ads. Now, for TikTok ads, talking about certification, you need a CAC certificate or a TIN certificate for you to run TikTok ads from the ads manager, from the TikTok ads manager. So if you know you're a business owner and you want to you maybe you sell a physical product or you offer a service online and you need to do more of targeting, but you don't have your certificates handy. You just want to make up some money by running ads before you can go into getting your certificate, then you have to go for Facebook ads. I advise you go for Facebook ads because running the ads from the app might not really give you the results you want to see. So like I said, you need a CAC certificate or your tax identification number, which is your TIN, to run the ads on the TikTok ads manager. So that's for the certification. Now, coming to the targeting options, I won't really say there is difference. The targeting options on both Facebook ads manager and the TikTok ads manager are the same. Are the same. They are no There There is no obvious difference between the both platforms. Now, if If have a good creative, that's especially a good video. Let me put it as video because while using video to run ads on TikTok, it performs better because TikTok is a is basically a video platform. So, if you use video to run ads on TikTok, it's going to perform better. Um so, if you play around with um the setup on both Facebook Ads Manager and the TikTok Ads Manager, you'll find out there is no much difference. There is only few difference and those difference are not so really that important. So, talking about setting up both platforms have the same setup. They have alike setup. Let me not say the same, not exactly the same setup, but they have alike setup. Maybe the few differences that they are not really that important and not really that necessary. Paying for TikTok ads on the TikTok Ads Manager is not really as easy as that of the Facebook ad. While Facebook ad manager gives you more option of paying through bank transfer, USSD, using web card or any other cards that are available, TikTok ad does not give you those options. So far, the only option I have for paying for TikTok ad is using a Visa or MasterCard, preferably a MasterCard because at some point the Visa card might stop just stop working because while I was running ad, I had a Visa card I was using. All of a sudden, it just stopped working. I tried another after some time, it just stopped working, but the MasterCard has been working for so long now, so I think preferably preferably a MasterCard works best for TikTok ads. So, you can see that paying for ads on both platforms is kind of okay, but more complicated on the TikTok Ads Manager. Um here is also my Facebook Ads results. You can see some of the results, see some of the performances. What I did was I tested the both platforms if the clients agree to that and I saw what works best for me and I stick to it. And look at this particular results. You can see here on TikTok. See the particular result this ad was giving me. See the result the ad was giving me. And now, look at this ad on Facebook, too. This same ad on Facebook. Look at the result it gave me because of it was giving me less results for higher cost on Facebook. I had to turn off the ad and stick to TikTok while it was still working for me. So, that's is basically what I advise any of us to do while running Facebook or TikTok ads. So, basically, what I'll advise as a business owner, I just want to give a quick summary on all what I've said. So, what is there is if you are a business owner and you don't know which platform ads to run, either Facebook or TikTok ads, what I'll advise is basically since you have a video as a creative to run your ads, test test TikTok ads first. You test TikTok ads and see if that works for you. If you don't get the performance you want, you can switch to going for Facebook ads. Let me say for example, you want to run uh ads for maybe skin care products. And is one of the top searched products, you understand? Top searched products or this one of the top searches, let me put it that way. It's one of the top searches on TikTok. So, you try running the ads on TikTok first and see the performance of the ad. If the ad is not performing well, all you have to do is cancel the ad even while it's still running. If you see that maybe the cost per click or the cost per lead is getting higher, all you have to do is just cancel the ad first of all. After you cancel the ad, then you can later run the ads again. After running the ads again, you try it like twice with different creatives and see the performance of the ad. If it is not up to what you want or if it is not okay enough for you, then you can switch to running Facebook ad and definitely Facebook is going to give you the results you want. Yeah, if you do the right thing, Facebook ad is definitely going to give you the results you want to see. So, the debate of any of the platform being the best for running ads is not really is not really really as complicated as you think or is not really that important as you think. Basically, just test any platform and see what works for you, then you continue using it. The one that doesn't work, you improvise and use the other. Both ads work perfectly. Yeah, some of my results from the TikTok ads. Um this is a service I was offering sometime ago and you can see I'm still offering that service now, though. So, you can see the number of results I got and the amount I used to run these ads. So, you can see the results. For me, as for me, while running TikTok ads for this particular service, I got I got massive results for less cost, but by the time I tried on Facebook, um I was getting higher cost for lower leads, you understand? For less quality leads, I was paying higher. So, you can see by the time I tested, I saw what worked for me and I stick to it. So, that is how this should go for you. Just have your creatives, everything set and you test both platforms and see what works for you. The one that performs better, you go for it. So, Facebook or TikTok ad, which works better? I think you know the answer now. I think you do know the answer now. So, if you found this video helpful, do well to like, hit the subscribe button and also click on the notification bell so you'll be notified whenever we drop useful videos like this. And do well to share this video as well. See you on the next one.

  Top Comments:
  1. @WisdomEnterprises1: Learnt something new 🎉

- Facebook vs. TikTok vs. Instagram | The BEST Platform to Grow in 2026: Kind: captions Language: en Welcome to our channel. We are TechNiche Force, and we help grow your business online. Please hit the subscribe button to get more updates. 2026 social media business setup: Facebook versus TikTok versus Instagram. If you're trying to grow business online, one of the biggest questions is this: Which social media platform should you actually focus on? Because, yes, almost every business is on social media now, but not every platform gives the same kind of results. So, some are better for finding customers, some are better for going viral, and some are better for making your brand look trustworthy and professional. So, in this video, we're going to compare three of the biggest platforms for business growth right now: Facebook, TikTok, and Instagram, and show you what each one does, so you know where your time and effort should really go. So, let's start with Facebook. Now, I know what some people are thinking: Is Facebook still even worth using? And, honestly, for personal use, maybe not as exciting as before, but for business, Facebook is still one of the strongest platform out there. Why? Because Facebook is built for selling, advertising, and customer communication. It's not just a place where you post photos. You can create a business page, run highly targeted ads, build a loyal community through groups, manage customers directly, and even sell products inside Facebook Shop. It basically gives businesses everything in one place. And the biggest advantage here is Facebook Ads. Facebook lets you show your ads to exact people you want. You can target by age, location, interest, shopping behavior, and even users who already visited your page before. So, instead of posting content and just hoping random people see it, Facebook lets you put your business directly in front of potential buyers. So, that's a huge difference. Another thing Facebook does really well is relationship building. Through Facebook groups and Messenger, businesses can stay connected with customers, answer questions, collect feedback, and build trust over time. That trust often turns into repeat buyers. Facebook is also great for live selling, customer testimonials, promotional posts, educational content, and product demos. So, if you want a platform that helps with serious marketing and long-term customer conversion, Facebook is still a beast. Now, let's talk about TikTok. This is where things get interesting because TikTok is completely different. So, TikTok is not really about polished branding. TikTok is about attention, fast attention, massive attention, and sometimes viral attention overnight. This is what makes TikTok so powerful for businesses. You do not need a huge follower count to get views. Even if your account is brand new, one good video can suddenly reach thousands or even millions of people. Why? Because TikTok pushes content based on how engaging it is, not based on how famous your page already is. So, if people watch your video, interact with it, or replay it, TikTok keeps sending it out to more users. So, that gives businesses a chance to blow up much faster than in most platforms. Now, the kind of content that works here is not usually fancy advertisements. TikTok users like content that feels real. So, things like behind-the-scenes videos, quick tutorials, product packaging clips, customer reactions, before and after transformations, relatable business moments, or jumping on trending sounds. So, the first few seconds matter a lot. You need to stop the scroll immediately because once you grab attention, TikTok can do the rest. So, another crazy part is one viral video can bring a flood of profile visits, followers, website clicks, and customer inquiries in a very short time. TikTok Shop also makes selling easier now because viewers can discover a product and buy right inside the app. So, that means less effort between seeing the product and making the purchase. So, if your goal is fast exposure and reaching a lot of people quickly, TikTok is one of the best platforms to use right now. Let's move on to Instagram. Instagram is where your business starts looking premium. This platform is all about presentation, aesthetics, and social proof. When people land on your Instagram page, they instantly judge your business. They look at your photos, they look at your videos, they check your highlights, they check comments, they read them, and within seconds, they decide if your brand looks legit or fake. That's why Instagram is so important. It acts like your online showroom, especially if you sell fashion, beauty, food, home products, travel, or anything visual. So, Instagram helps customers feel like your business is organized, active, and trustworthy. And trust matters a lot before people spend money. Instagram also gives you different ways to stay visible. So, you have feed posts, stories, reels, live videos, and shopping features. But, one of the biggest growth tools here is Instagram Reels. Short videos can still reach new people consistently if the content is engaging. Stories are also powerful because they make your audience feel involved every day. So, you can post behind-the-scenes clips, polls, flash sales, Q&As, or quick updates that keep your followers connected. Then, there's social proof. So, when customers tag your products, leave reviews, or comment positively, new visitors immediately see that people trust your business and that trust helps convert viewers into buyers. So, if your goal is building a clean brand image, making products look attractive, and creating credibility, Instagram is a must. So, now the big question is which platform is actually best? So, here's the honest answer. There's no single winner because each platform does a different job. Facebook is best for advertising, customer communication, and long-term conversions. TikTok is best for fast growth, organic reach, and viral visibility. Instagram is best for branding, trust, and visual presentation. And the smartest businesses usually combine all three. So, they use TikTok to get attention, Instagram to make the brand look credible, and Facebook to retarget, communicate, and close the sale. So, that creates a full customer journey instead of relying in one app to do everything. So, don't just ask which platform is biggest, ask which platform gives your business what it actually needs. So, use the strengths of each one, stay consistent with your content, and social media can become one of the most powerful growth tools for your business. And that's it. If you found this helpful, please like and subscribe. I'll see you in the next one. Introducing Engagee. Go from invisible to unstoppable. Explode your social media reach and generate more business online with the ultimate AI cheat code. Breakthrough AI-powered Chrome extension for Facebook, X, LinkedIn, and the rest. Dominate any niche on the social media with superior AI-driven engagement. This is what consistent engagement got us on X and LinkedIn. Again, designed for use on Facebook, X, LinkedIn, Threads, and it's compatible with YouTube, Instagram, TikTok, Reddit, Pinterest, Discord, Quora, Tumblr. One-click engagement on any social website. Power your growth with Engagee. Get increased visibility for your content. Engagee helps you to tap into the algo. The algorithm favors those who engage. Engagee builds your subscriber base, build a community that helps you thrive. Engagee creates a powerful network, create authentic engagement with just one click. Promote your products and services organically. Auto create custom and unique replies that are tailored to the post. Engage in any language. Multi AI maximize originality and uniqueness. Engagee keeps your account safe and a lot more. So, what are you waiting for? Get Engagee now. Just go to getengagee.in.

- YouTube vs TikTok vs Facebook Reels Money Showdown! Who pays most?: Kind: captions Language: en Hello. Today I want to talk to you about money, specifically earning money on reels and shorts from YouTube shorts, Facebook Reels and TikTok videos and let you know who pays the most for those type of views. YouTube, by far, is still the king when it comes to paying for normal videos like classic long form videos. But are they the king when it comes to paying for shorts? Let's take a look. So I recently had a video go pretty viral on TikTok and on Facebook Reels, and I want to break down the money that it has earned and also show you what it has earned on YouTube as well. And let me know in the comments if you think it's a lot or not very much or whatnot. So first of all, let's take a look here over at Facebook. So here's the earnings that I've had in the past. About month last 28 days. So $34, and the majority of it has come from this video. Right here is my apple fritter video. And $605 is how much it's made so far, and that's worth 6 or 2.6 million views. That is awesome that it has gotten that amount of views. However, with 2.6 million views and only making about $600, that's not a lot per thousand views. That's right around like $0.23 or so per thousand views. It's still something. Not complaining. I'm glad that I made it. Okay, let's compare that now over to TikTok. This same video on TikTok has 742,000 views. And now if we bring up the money here, about 221,000 of those views have qualified for monetization. And I've earned $453, and that gives me an RPM of $0.65. So over twice as much as what it was on Facebook Reels. So the edge definitely goes to TikTok there. Now, I've had other videos on TikTok that didn't earn that much. And as well as they earned even more than that Same with Facebook Reels. But this just gives you an idea of one recent video and how it's performing. Now, if we go over to YouTube shorts, let's look at the analytics for this video. This video did not hasn't done very well at all on YouTube. It's only gotten 2.6 or 2600 views. 2600 views for the video and the RPM is $0.10. Somewhere I've noticed my other videos at the RPM for YouTube shorts is anywhere between $0.10, $0.07 and $0.20. Um, it just It doesn't do very well. YouTube definitely does not pay very well for shorts. So bottom of the line. TikTok is number one for for payment. On for earnings for these types of videos. The short vertical videos and then Facebook Reels is number two. And then YouTube shorts is number three. But hey, if you're going to make a video for TikTok and you can, you can might as well just post it on Facebook Reels as well, and then also on YouTube. And then so that same content is going to generate, generate you generate you money on each one of those platforms. So look at that. That one video has generated well over 3 million views across all those platforms and has made nearly $1,000. So not too shabby. So anyway, anyway, there you go. That's a look at the money that TikTok and Facebook Reels and YouTube pays for that style of video. Hopefully it was helpful. Again. Let me know in the comments if you think it is more or less than you thought. Until next time, take care and happy content creating everyone.

  Top Comments:
  1. @thehiddeninventor [4 likes]: Thanks for sharing.
  2. @irobu [4 likes]: Nice video....how long are your videos? I hear in TikTok it has to be at least 1 minute
  3. @sidraa5999 [3 likes]: Fb reels $605 on apple fritter video, 2.6 million views. $0.23/1000 views.
TikTok same video, $453, $0.65/1000 views.  $0.10/1000 views 
YouTube shorts $0.27 

Really appreciated your honest info. Fb reels just made me do 100% revenue share for all my reels (instead of 80) so now I’m earning zero there.
  4. @rangergaming001 [3 likes]: Make video on how much you earn in august from facebook.
  5. @Sandra.B [2 likes]: This is all relative to the country, any of these social media pays more for accounts in the US than in Europe, it also depends on the niche that works best in each platform.
  6. @Unkownuser9161 [2 likes]: I like your energy
  7. @gabakbusiness [2 likes]: do you have video how to monetize facebook and tiktok?
  8. @gabakbusiness [2 likes]: youtube short is trash
  9. @rangergaming001 [2 likes]: You are from which country currently ? Because your earning is not bad compair to other countries
  10. @v_master [1 likes]: Is it okay to upload the same video to YouTube, TikTok, and Facebook? Will Facebook have any issues with it since the video was already posted on other platforms? Thanks for the video.
  11. @peacepocket [1 likes]: I don't understand.  I made over $5,000 on Facebook off less than 300,000 views.  This was about 4 or more years ago.  Have the monetization rules changed?
  12. @tonygalvanr [1 likes]: Hi thanks for sharing .. you uploaded the video to tiktok and then share to facebook ? or you uploaded the same video separated to each platform
  13. @EnzoAK-y9n [1 likes]: Hello Matt, we agree, you made around $1,000/month on TikTok + Facebook from ONE video? If you had,, five other videos in the month that had worked, you would have multiplied your income by five?
  14. @EyeHealthWithDrHarun [1 likes]: Thanks for sharing this
  15. @nano-notes [1 likes]: You look like the owner of ORACLE. Forgot his name. Anyways, thanks for the video
  16. @LittleBrothers-g5t [1 likes]: Hello, I really like your video, so does TikTok pay for short videos or just the long videos?
  17. @911lucy69 [1 likes]: If i post live on tiktok will my vodeo ne saved?
  18. @mountainmovingprayersofficial [1 likes]: Good insight. Which camera & lens did you use to shoot this video?
  19. @Stealthman-b9m: Facebook pays more than Youtube now. Especially if you're consistent. There're actually more creators in FB than YT so it makes a lot of sense. Facebook can pay you 3 times what YT pays but you need a strategy.
In fact youtube is more about banning people and stuff these days.
  20. @pratheeshm400: fb pays depending on the interactions and like and comments not the views

- TikTok Ads vs Facebook Ads: What Should You Use?: Kind: captions Language: en today we're answering the question Tik Tok ads or Facebook ads which platform should you use for your brand or e-commerce business we're going to break it all down for you in this video no fluff just actionable insights to help you make the right decision so let's get started what makes Tik Tok ads unique Tik Tok isn't just for dances and lipsyncing anymore it's a massive platform with over 1 billion monthly active users and guess what it's quickly becoming a go-to for e-commerce Brands so Tik Tok is where gen Z and younger millennials love to hang out if you're targeting these demographics then Tik Tok is a gold mine according to statistics 41.7% of Tik Tok users are aged between 18 and 24 and 31% are aged 25 to 34 so that means that the platform is perfect for products like trendy fashion gadgets or even education apps now let's talk numbers so Tik Tok has some of the highest engagement rates out there but its costs can vary so CPM or cost per Millie which is 1,000 views is around $10 CPC or cost per click is around $1 the row ads or return on ad spend is between .20 to $3 depending on the campaign now while these numbers are competitive keep in mind that Tik tok's attribution windows are shorter typically one day so tracking your performance might take extra effort Tik Tok ads offer unique formats designed to boost engagement they have infeed ads so these blend into users feeds like regular Tik toks they have branded hashtag challenges which are perfect for encouraging user generated content there's also spark ads this lets Brands boost organic content like influencer posts for extra visibility why Facebook ads still dominate Facebook might not have the same trendy Vibe as Tik Tok but it's a proven heavyweight in the advertising world with over 3 billion monthly active users Facebook is all about reach and precision one of Facebook's biggest strengths is its Advanced targeting capabilities whether you're targeting by age location interest behaviors or even specific actions on your website thanks to the metap pixel Facebook gives you all the tools to zero in on your ideal audience Facebook's ad versatility is unmatched here are a few examples Carousel ads you can showcase multiple products in one ad video ads which is perfect for storytelling collection ads these are ideal for e-commerce creating a seamless shopping experience messenger ads you can drive personal interactions with your audience when it comes to cost Facebook is flexible CPM ranges between $7 and $20 depending on your audience and your placement cost per click or CPC is anywhere from 60 cents to A1 50 Row as or return on ad spend is averaging around $2 to $3 if you're looking for long-term results then Facebook tends to perform better in conversion rates typically about 2% to 15% especially for higher pric products or Services Tik Tok versus Facebook head-to-head comparison when it comes to choosing between Tik Tok and Facebook for your ad campaigns a direct comparison across key metrics can help clarify the strengths and limitations of each platform let's dive deeper into how they Stack Up audience demographics Tik Tok Tik tok's user base is dominated by by younger audiences this makes it the ideal platform for Brands targeting a techsavvy trend conscious demographic Tik Tok users are known for their engagement with pop culture humor and Innovative product ideas one notable trend is that Tik Tok has increasingly been used as a search engine alternative particularly by gen Z in contrast Facebook appeals to a much broader and older audience while the platform still has a significant number of younger users its largest demographic is ages 25 to 34 and it maintains a strong foothold with users aged 35 and older including Baby Boomers this makes Facebook an excellent choice for Brands targeting families working professionals or older customers with higher purchasing power additionally Facebook's connection to Instagram widens its reach across Generations especially among Millennials in gen Z who are more active on Instagram engagement rates Tik Tok is renowned for its high engagement rates here's a breakdown of typical engagement rates in feed ads between 1 to 5% clickthrough rate brand takeover ads click through rate can SAR to 10% or higher due to the prominent placement top view ads these boast clickthrough rates as high as 16% as they capture attention immediately upon app launch Facebook's engagement rates tend to be slightly lower reflecting the more passive browsing behavior of its users typical clickthrough rates hover between 0.9% to 1.6% depending on the ad type and placement however what Facebook lacks and engagement it makes up for in conversion power users on Facebook are more accustomed to engaging with ads as part of their purchasing Journey which often leads to higher conversion rates between 2% and 15% especially for e-commerce and higher ticket products creative demands to succeed on Tik Tok Brands must embrace the platform's demand for authentic short and Visually engaging videos Tik Tok ads that feel too polished or sales-driven are often ignored as users prefer content that mirrors organic post here are the creative challenges speed of attention you have 5 seconds or less to hook your viewers trendy content staying relevant requires Brands to quickly adapt to Trends memes and viral challenges high production demand successful Tik Tok campaigns often involve collaborations with influencers or user generated content to maintain authenticity Tik Tok also rewards experimentation ads that resonate with users can quickly go viral generating free organic reach beyond the paid campaign Facebook offers more flexibility in ad formats making it a better fit for brands that may not have access to video production resources here's why static and video options you can run image based ads or longer story-driven video campaigns let's focus on Trends Facebook doesn't require Brands to chase the latest cultural moments to succeed AB testing protocols Facebook's built-in testing feature allows advertisers to optimize creative elements for better performance for businesses with limited time or budget Facebook's ability to run effective static image ads or Carousel campaigns make it a more accessible Choice ad placements Tik Tok ads primarily appear within the main feed designed to blend seamlessly with user generated content key Tik Tok placements include in feed ads these are delivered within the for you feed and these feel native and allow for user interactions like like shares and comment top view ads these are full screen videos shown when the app opens brand takeover ads these are displayed prominently as the first interaction upon app launch branded hashtags and effects this encourages users to engage with your brand through challenges or creative tools Facebook offers a diverse array of placements allowing Brands to strategically Target users across multiple environments these include news feed ads which appear directly within the scrolling feed stories ads engage users with full screen time sensitive content messenger ads Drive direct interactions through Facebook Messenger instream video ads these appear during longer video content capturing users midwatch when to use Tik Tok ads Tik Tok ads are a great choice if your audience skes younger gen Z and Millennials dominate Tik Tok your brand can create engaging video content if you can nail Tik tok's C casual relatable Vibe your ads will feel organic if you're looking to boost brand awareness Tik tok's algorithm amplifies good content making it easier to go viral if you're running influencer campaigns Tik Tok spark ads make it simple to leverage influencer content and if you want to get started with free Tik Tok ad credits then click the link Down Below in the description when you click on that link it'll bring you to this page right here where as you can see if you spend $30 you get $20 and if you spend $100 you'll get $100 as well now Tik Tok also has a pixel as well which you can install on your Shopify store and if you don't already have a Shopify store be sure to click you can get started with a free 3day trial and after that your first month is just a dollar so go ahead and click the link down below to get started with Shopify now once you've gone ahead and got your Shopify store set up this is what your dashboard will look like and installing the Tik Tok pixel is super easy first things first we're going to come up here and type in Tik Tok to download the Tik Tok app for Shopify we'll go ahead click on this one right here and we want to make sure that it is the Tik Tok Inc developer so we go ahead click on install and then it's just going to say that the app needs access to view personal data View and edit store data and we'll go ahead and click on install next you're going to come right here where it says grow your business with Tik Tok ads and we'll go ahead and click setup now here we'll go ahead and click Tik Tok for business so you just need to go ahead and create an advertising account which I've already done and I'm already logged into so I'll go ahead and click connect right here then it's going to ask if you want to connect we'll go ahead and click connect and we'll hit connect then it's going to ask for your Tik Tok ads manager and you can either connect another one or create a new one we'll go ahead and just click create new and hit sign up and connect lastly here in regards to the Tik Tok pixel it's going to ask how much data sharing you want to allow so you always want to set on the maximum so that the Tik Tok pixel gets the most information possible and will give you the best results from here we just go ahead click confirm and hit set up and that's how easy it is to install the Tik Tok pixel into your Shopify store again if you want to get started with Shopify be sure to click the link Down Below in the description when to use Facebook ads so Facebook ads are better suited for diverse audiences so if you're targeting multiple demographics Facebook's massive user base has you covered e-commerce Brands Facebook excels at driving conversions especially for high ticket items brands with complex products Carousel ads and collection ads make it easier to Showcase multiple features or products retargeting campaigns thanks to the metapixelatron and Facebook in their ad strategy here's how to leverage both platforms start with Tik Tok for awareness use Tik Tok to capture attention and drive top of funnel traffic focus on creating buzz and building engagement with fun sharable content retarget on Facebook for conversions use Facebook's precise targeting to re-engage users who interacted with your content on Tik Tok Drive these users to your website with specific calls to action so whether you're running Tik Tok ads Facebook ads or exploring any marketing channel for that matter your success starts with a great online store and with storebuild doai you can get a free AI powered Shopify store built for you in just minutes it's optimized to convert pre-loaded with 20 winning products and completely beginner friendly if you want to get started click the link down in the description to get started with storybuilder doai today final thoughts which should you choose at the end of the day the right platform depends on your goals audience and resources here's a quick recap to help you decide choose Tik Tok if you're targeting younger audiences and can produce engaging video content that feels authentic to the platform platform and choose Facebook if you want precise targeting access to a diverse audience and tools for driving conversions or better yet use both start by capturing attention on Tik Tok and close the deal on Facebook now if you want to get started with any of the products that we talked about today you'll find links for them down in the description below now these are affiliate links which means that we earn a small commission when you use them at no extra cost to you and these commissions really help support the channel and allow us to continue creating free content just like this so if you end up using them we thank you so much in advance now if you found this video helpful don't forget to like subscribe and hit that notification Bell so you never miss another video here on this channel we're dedicated to helping you succeed with e-commerce by providing tips strategies and insights to grow your online business so be sure to subscribe but other than that thank you so much for watching we'll see you here in the next video [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @EcomMasteryYT [4 likes]: Hope you guys enjoy the video and get value from it!

Grab up to $6,000 in TikTok Ads credits before the year ends.
https://ecommastery.so/tiktokads/

Check out Meta (Facebook) Ads here:
https://www.facebook.com/business/ads

Build a FREE professional Shopify store in minutes!
https://storebuild.ai/ecom-mastery/

Our favorite E-commerce tools:
🛍 Get a FREE AI-Customized Shopify Store + 10 trending products:
https://storebuild.ai/ecom-mastery/
➡ BEST Current Deal - Get a 3-day Shopify trial + $1/month for first 3 months:
https://shopify.pxf.io/7XJ5ed
🟢 The Best Shopify Themes:
https://shopify.pxf.io/B0XPzB
↗ Get 50% off for your first month + $39 in order credits with Zendrop:
https://zendrop.sjv.io/MA02J3
📱 Get started with TikTok Shop:
https://ecommastery.so/tiktokshop/
💵 Get up to $6,000 in FREE TikTok Ad Credits:
https://ecommastery.so/tiktokads/
  2. @Others-c4p [1 likes]: This is the most well presented information, with multiple advertisments, video content I have ever watched
  3. @raylang4608: i recently tried tik tok ....no contest for a medical center ...Facebook is king ...but were trying both spending more on facebook 2:1
thanks

- IPL 2026 Final से पहले Rules में बड़े बदलाव, हुआ ऐलान! Impact Player | Powerplay | GT vs RCB: Kind: captions Language: en What are the major rule changes that are going to happen before the IPL 2026 final ? Will there be two power plays in IPL and will the power play be played for five overs instead of six? Yes, these are the big changes about which the God of Cricket Sachin Tendulkar has talked. Just before the IPL 2026 final, Sachin has proposed major changes in T20 cricket. He has made major recommendations like abolishing the impact player rule, making changes in the power play and giving five overs to a bowler. So what changes does Sachin want and what impact will this have on cricket ? Let us know. So the first rule is to abolish the impact player rule. Sachin Tendulkar's biggest suggestion is that the impact player rule should be abolished in IPL. Under this rule, which was implemented in 2023, teams can replace a player in their playing 11 and field a new player. Now the biggest benefit of the Impact Player Rule is that it is available to the batsmen. Teams are now playing big shots without any fear by playing extra batsmen because they know that after batting, a new bowler can replace that player. In such a situation, Sachin believes that due to this the balance between the batsman and the bowler has deteriorated. Therefore, he believes that when the bowler is already under pressure. In such a situation, adding an extra batsman to the batting lineup makes the game one-sided. Now Sachin Tendulkar's second suggestion is even more interesting. Currently, in T20 cricket, the first six overs are power play in which only two fielders can remain outside the 30-yard circle. But Sachin wants it to be divided into two parts. Sachin says that the first four overs should be the power play of the batsmen as it is now. After this, the fielding captain can use the remaining two overs at any time as per his strategy and the most important thing in this will be that during these two overs the fielding team will be allowed to keep an extra fielder outside the circle. This means that instead of five, six fielders will be present near the boundary. Now Sachin believes that this will give the bowlers a chance to make a comeback in the match and the captains will have new strategies. Now let's talk about the third change. Sachin's third and biggest suggestion is that a bowler should be allowed to bowl five overs in T-20 cricket. According to the current rules, any bowler can bowl a maximum of four overs. Now with the suggestion of this rule, Sachin's question is that when a batsman can bat for the entire 20 overs, then why should the best bowler of the team bowl only four overs ? He believes that the fifth over will often be bowled by the best bowler of the team and this will increase the excitement of the match. Now all these suggestions of Sachin seem quite interesting. Because imagine if a team has a bowler like Jasprit Bumrah, Mitchell Starc or Kagiso Rabada, then the captain gets the option of an extra over and what a big weapon this can prove to be. Now the question is whether these suggestions of Sachin will be implemented ? So let us tell you that at present these are only suggestions and no official decision has been taken on these by ICC and BCCI. But a great player like Sachin Tendulkar has given his opinion for balance and equality in the game and all these suggestions seem to be quite correct because in the last few years the dominance of batsmen in IPL is continuously increasing and many great players also believe that bowlers need some extra help. So tell us how did you like these suggestions of Sachin Tendulkar and according to you, should there really be any change in them? Please tell us your opinion in the comments.

  Top Comments:
  1. @PrahladkumarYadav_1m [2 likes]: Sahi kaha hai sachin sir ne
  2. @TriplehTherock [1 likes]: Impact player rule is best ...
  3. @FgygGgg-ci3nj: Ye bhi hona chaiye 
Agar batter 100m ya more six mare to six ki jagh 8 runs milne chaiye 
Jisse last ball pe 8 chaiye to possible ho
  4. @ParkashGala: गुजरात टाइटंस को दो बेस्टमेन की और जाना चाहिए 🎉🎉🎉
  5. @SanjeevYadav-wp6fr: All useless changes
except impact player (must remove)
  6. @SibhamThakur-e9w: आइसही आप के तर भिडियो बनाउने क्या कर्ना पढेका
  7. @SibhamThakur-e9w: म्याम आप बहुत खुब सुर्ती है
  8. @NehaSingh-s5c8i: Tum hot bn jao yrr❤
  9. @ritapatel103: Pahli wali cutie ji kaha gayi

- YouTube Is Cleaning House in 2026 (AI Strikes & New Rules): Kind: captions Language: en Well, so here's the thing that people have to realize. Being on YouTube is a privilege. It's not the government. They don't need to do anything they don't want to. You are a tenant on YouTube's land, and they can kick you or evict you at any point. YouTube just deleted over 4.7 billion views worth of AI slot videos. It's becoming clear YouTube is declaring war on deep fakes. I've actually stopped taking on channel terminations because I can't get the channels back. >> 12.4 24 million channels were terminated. What's happening? Why are channels being deleted and demonetized? >> This will be a lesson for all creators. >> All right, we're back on the Think Media podcast with the creators attorney, Tyler Chow. >> Hi, Sean. It's good to be here in person. >> Good to be here in person for this episode. We have so much to talk about. There's a lot of legal news. There's a lot of relevant news for creators. Last time we talked though, you said one wrong move and your whole channel could disappear overnight. Since then, have things gotten worse or better? I think they've gotten worse because YouTube and you know my focus is always YouTube because I I think if you want to build a media company you need to build on YouTube but it this applies to all the platforms. I think all the platforms are using AI to detect violations or AI content and AI as we know is not perfect. They make mistakes. So, I'm seeing a lot of creators come to me losing their channels because of violations that aren't right. You know, are not is it's not correct. >> And what kind of violations at least what are they being told? >> Well, so we've seen in the news where AI is detecting AI made content, but it's not really AI made content. So, that's an issue. Um, we've talked about on YouTube how community violations, violations of the terms of service are um, really on an uptick. I think YouTube is doing major cleaning house right now. They're trying to get rid of kind of slop content. They want their audience to have a good experience when they come on YouTube. So, they want to make sure that the quality of content is high so that you stay on the platform. That's the always the goal. And would that be closely linked with they want advertisers to also keep paying them. >> Sure. They want advertisers to have clean content, safe content, safe creators to put their, you know, run their ads through. >> What do you say to creators that are maybe curious about you could be within community guidelines even if your content is still more adult or has more cursing in it or things like that, you could still be okay. I mean, look, there's content that does curse and and they do find and there's a certain audience for that that loves it, but I know more and more creators who are, you know, maturing as a business. I I I know we're going to dig into that, but a lot of creators who are treating their YouTube channel as a business and they want to be brand safe. They want to make sure brands will work with them. So, they're cursing less >> and they're becoming a little more buttoned up and more adults in the room. Are you seeing that? >> I know it makes sense. I mean, if you want to be brand safe, you make a conscious decision to either are you going to die in the sword of, you know, more adult content or the sort of being broader appeal. And I suppose there's always a place because you could still get advertising on adult content. It's maybe the HBO >> sure >> side of YouTube that's leans that way. Whereas if you're broadest appeal possible, >> you know, familyfriendly or just Yeah. brand safe as you said you'd have the most financial opportunity I would imagine >> and your CPMs might be higher too. >> Yeah, that's fascinating. So going a little bit deeper into things are worse right now. There does seem to be a ton of buzz over deleted channels, demonetized channels. 12.4 million channels were terminated in the last nine months of 2025 alone. >> What's happening? Why are channels being deleted and demonetized? Again, I think this is YouTube wanting to just take away the headaches because the content that's out there that's, let's say, not safe or they're scammy or they potentially might trick the audiences and and I'm thinking about, you know, gambling or a lot of sweep stakes and giveaways. A lot of channels are trying to buy, you know, views and and subscribers by by giving away things. And I think YouTube is really doing away with those because the more that happens, the more complaints they get. And the more complaints they get, it's like more manhour that YouTube has to put into um policing these channels. So why not just get rid of them and allow healthy channel that really is is growing the platform to to thrive and to stay. >> Yeah, >> that that's really my thought. >> So there's a story of an automative creator named Chase Carr who actually the body of YouTube ruled his termination as night not rightful. So his channel was terminated but yet YouTube was still refusing to comply four months later. It seems to be that they're that YouTube is not subject to normal legal accountability the way that most entities are. Meaning YouTube did not honor this ruling. Without looking at the details, what's your take on that? These are people trying to appeal their channel being wrongfully terminated. >> Well, so here's the thing that people privilege. YouTube is a privatelyowned company. It's not the government. They want to. YouTube gets to decide the rules. If they decide these types of channels are better for our platform, then we're going to grow those. If they decide these types of channels pull our platform down, we're going to terminate them or or not let them come back. And I think this is the point I really want to drive across to every creator out there. You are a tenant on YouTube's land. >> YouTube is the landlord. and they can kick you or evict you at any point. This is why I always talk about you have to build on your own land. You have to have your email list. You have to know who your audience is away from the platforms. And that's really been a big focus for me in the last year since our last conversation even. >> So go a little bit deeper on that. What what are the practical steps that every creator listening should be doing? Building an email list or is there other options? >> I think number one is the email list. If you take away anything from this conversation, it's do you know who's in your audience? If your YouTube channel were to go down tomorrow, would you know how to access your audience? Most creators say no. >> And that's a problem because YouTube and Meta and Tik Tok don't give you access to that data. And I would say data is the new oil. private equity fund is coming out of the woodworks wanting to buy creator channels and creatorled businesses and the number one they thing that they look at is your data in your audience numbers. Do you actually have the emails, phone numbers? Do you have an ability to reach those audience members to sell something to them? >> And so I would say give a free PDF, give something of value to your audience and and you need to grab those emails for your newsletter, for your community. And those are kind of other revenue streams that I really help creators build out beyond AdSense and brand deals. >> In just a moment, I want to unpack that conversation a little bit more. But on this idea of some of the legal stuff that's been happening on YouTube, I know that this is maybe more fringe examples, but I'm sure listeners have not heard about this thing from YouTube called Second Chances. This is a program for terminated creators that I think happened perhaps during the pandemic. One of the biggest ones was there's actually a settlement with Donald Trump. 2 point $24.5 million >> YouTube settled for Trump's 2021 account suspension lawsuit. So he not only then would get that money but obviously get reinstated. >> I mean maybe it's a simple take on what's happening there. They had no emission of wrongdoing and no policy change. Um but it might seem that maybe what would be uh perhaps overreach during the pandemic is now being pulled back in. Give us some context for what do you think is happening. >> So yes, the second chances program is exciting from the surface. So many creators so they say couldn't get a chance to get their channel back. And I but but it's very narrow on the definition of who are the creators who can get their channels back. I think during the pandemic there were certain rules that YouTube put into place as to there are certain things you can't say about about COVID or about treatments or you you name it, right? The kind of taboo things or you can't give false medical advice. And YouTube has decided since it no longer applies that they're going to give those uh creators a second chance to get their channels back. I believe the rule is they have to start at zero again and it's a very narrow definition of who gets their channels back. There are I think some who might have talked about the election or about the news in certain ways and those restrictions are no longer applicable. So YouTube is saying those channels who maybe talked about the election can get their um a second chance to get their >> Gotcha. So, I want to talk a little bit about fair use, copyright strikes, and some of the lawsuits. This is always an evolving um kind of topic. One, fair use is a massive opportunity because there's React channels that are building huge businesses, movie review channels, or people commentating, making video essays using fair use in a lot of creative ways. Um, but you told us last time that fair use is not a real protection on YouTube. >> That's right. And now the creator who literally won the landmark fair use case in 2017 is actually suing other reaction creators. Have you heard about this? >> No. >> So Ethan Klene, who won that original reaction case, actually sued Casey Tron, Denmiss, and Froggen in June 2025. >> $150,000 per violation. Uh Casey Tron already settled. I'm just kind of curious. Does this change how reaction creators should structure their content? And you don't know the details of this exact case, but it's kind of interesting the nuances of who's using what or who's reacting to what could be defamation, these different things like that. >> Well, so I think, you know, I've said this be before on our conversations, but it repeats repeating to creators who might need to hear it a second time. So, anytime you use someone else's content in your content, >> that original IP holder, >> let let's say somebody takes one of your videos and puts it as B-roll in their videos. >> You could technically go put a copyright strike on their video because they didn't get your permission, they didn't license it, they didn't pay you, right? And YouTube can make that rule and they have made it a rule because there are so many violations of IP, you know, improper use of IP now that they're allowing the parties to just hash it out themselves. In the past, I I believe a few years ago, for a long time, YouTube would step in and try to kind of mediate between the parties and figure out like was there fair fair use, you know, is this a proper usage. YouTube is not doing that anymore because just from a sheer volume standpoint, they can't step in and police that anymore. >> So, in court, let's say, you know, and and this is where Ethan's um lawsuits are interesting. If he's going to court and saying, you're using my content without permission, that defendant could say to the judge, well, your jud, you know, your honor, I use this content because it's it was transformed. You know, it was a parody. it was for educational purposes. You for fair use has this fourprong test. Perhaps the judge could say, "Oh, okay, that was a fair use." But on YouTube, that is not a defense anymore. And I think a lot of creators get caught up thinking, well, I can use this clip, you know, because I'm doing critique on it or it's it's kind of a news coverage. Um, and it's fair use. And it's just not the case anymore. I can't remember if we talked about this the last time about IP trolls really um attacking the bigger uh reaction channels and >> expand on that. IP trolls. IP trolls are basically looking at big YouTubers who are doing reaction channels and then going to the smaller creators and then either buying or licensing their content and then going back to that big creators and saying I own 25 of the B-roll clips in your compilation and if you don't pay me the six figure ransom fee basically I'm going to take your channel down. and I've had to deal with several of these IP trolls and we basically um have to pay the ransoms, >> have to settle. >> And so I'm telling a lot of big YouTubers to no longer do reaction videos or to clear those videos before they use them. >> And that's very interesting. I think listeners might lean on that if they're hesitating to react to different types of things. It would seem that some things might be okay. Like some industries, like if you're reacting to um uh the recent pre White House press press briefing, >> news tends to be a little bit, from what I've seen, it's not 100% right. News >> um when people pull a clip from it and they use it sort of in a very neutral way, Yeah. >> it's fine. This is something that creators can think about when they're trying to use someone's footage. If you're going to be neutral or positive about the usage, it's probably going to be okay. But if you're going to like go after someone and it's derogatory, it could potentially be defamatory that there's more of a likelihood that person's going to come after you. >> Okay? >> If somebody takes one of your video, Sean, and like says why you're a bad person, you're probably going to go after them. But if they're like, "Oh my god, look at Sean's channel. He's teaching educators, you know, he's educating creators. You're probably not going to go after them because there's also a cost of policing. I used to work at Disney and we would not actively go after infringers. Not be because we didn't want to, but just because there was I Disney owns so much IP to go after every infringer. Now, if somebody brought a case of, wow, they're really, you know, like talking really bad things about Disney, you should go after them. That's what usually when it's we would go after an infringer is for that violation is if it was um making us look bad or hurting our business and we were informed, we were given notice that violation. That's usually when companies would go after people. So, for the creator that wants to um I mean we're talking about news, but we're living in a world where if you wanted to storytell around politics, around health, about around anything, you also might recount the story and edit in a photo of the >> Sure. >> Uh B-roll clips. You know, there's whole faceless channels. Um, meaning, you know, there's no brand behind it, but it covers all things Tesla and Elon Musk, and they get big views cuz they'll >> they'll cover everything SpaceX is doing, and they'll cover all these new batteries in this new place. And they pulled together clips and video clips and live streams. >> It seems like they're getting away with it, and that would be under fair use. >> Um, >> it again, it's not necessarily fair use. It's more that the IP holder here Tesla has probably made a business decision >> saying this is good for our business because it's basically free marketing and again yeah if it's not negative it's not derogatory it's not hurting their business a lot of the businesses will allow it to happen I mean there there's a huge trend now and you I'm sure you've seen it you know Steven Barlet's diary of co is huge now and there's so many people clipping yes >> their clips and using it And people have asked me, well, how come you diary of a CEO Steven Barlet hasn't gone after them? Now, we don't know what happens behind the scenes. A lot of times people might reach out and say, stop using it. So, it might be happening and they don't make it public or they just think it's good marketing for them because if they have show a 60-second clip, it sends them to the long form because that happens to me sometimes. I'll I'll think, wow, that's a cool conversation. And then I'll go watch the full episode. So all of these channels are basically clipping for Stephen Barlet. He doesn't have to do it himself. >> Yeah. >> So you you mentioned if you're if you're speaking positive, then you're probably good there. But >> it's not bulletproof, right? But most likely. >> But if it is more potentially defamatory, you know, there's the Logan Paul versus Coffeezilla. >> Yes. >> Uh which is going to trial on May 4th. >> Oh, fascinating. I didn't I didn't know he got a trial date. What happens to creator commentary culture depending on who wins? >> If you talk about somebody in a negative light in a w potentially defamatory, >> you might always get hit with a lawsuit >> and because that's the beauty and nightmare of living in the US, right? You can sue and be sued by anybody. >> Yeah. But that, you know, Coffeezella's story and I, and I love talking about it because his, you know, insurance agent really failed him. Didn't give him the defamation coverage, right? >> And had he had it, he that insurance would have covered his litigation costs. >> Um, so that's number one for creators out there. Get your insurance. If you're talking about product, if you're doing product reviews or talking about people, you should have, you know, defamation and insurance coverage. But you always run into this risk. I'm I'm really excited to see what's going to happen because a lot of behind the scenes, you know, this uh information will come out during discovery and during trial. But depending on on the verdict or what happens to this trial, it might inform creators whether or not they can do these kind of journalistic content or not and and and kind of maybe give guidelines as to how they should approach it. And I think Coffeeoffezella's defense will be a defense to defamation is the truth. Yes. >> So if he can prove what he said was true, then he will most likely not, you know, not be found liable for damages. >> And so and and does this is that tie into the term where allegedly might not be enough? Saying the word allegedly because a lot of what Coffeezilla will do is at a point will be like allegedly this is the news so far. This is what's happening. I think going out there and saying like Logan Paul is actually a scammer versus allegedly he potentially scammed people is is that protection for him depending on >> um >> to a point yes saying this is my opinion this is what's been alleged I think always um I think lessens how how visceral and you know how negative it could be but at the end of the day If Logan Paul can prove that what he said was false, right, what Coffeezella said was false and it hurt his business, right? Because it's two-pronged. It's not just it has to you have to prove damages. It can't just be, "Oh, this person >> hurt my feelings." The courts have to have something that they can give back to someone who's been damaged. >> Yes. They have to be able to say, "Okay, Logan Paul, your business took a $3 million hit this year, and we can and you know, they'll they'll probably need forensic accounts to come in and say, you know, to show if not for Coffeezella's reports, you know, his business would have done that this." >> It can't just be, "Your honor, he hurt my feelings and said bad things about me." No, it actually has to hurt his business. >> You know, it makes me wonder how boldly creators can or should talk about real people. This isn't everybody's niche, but there's actually um Kevin Olirri just won $2.8 million uh against a crypto influencer who called him a murderer. >> Oh, >> on X. >> So, I'm guessing that was false, too. So, it's quite the bold claim. But on February 2026, Ben Armstrong bit boy crypto >> default judgment for not even responding. Mental health was rejected as excuse and two 2.8 million was awarded. though the defam defamation exposure most creators um are probably un misunderstanding it cuz YouTube gives us this opportunity to maybe commentate on a scandal commentate on >> people of course all have their opinion on the cold play >> affair thing >> I in in the faith space >> uh that's kind of you know partly my world have a background in church there's been a lot of different like moral failings in these big churches across America >> and there's a whole bunch of YouTube creators that get a lot of views covering this. >> This makes me wonder, you know, Kevin Oly won. Probably because he was able to He's probably not a murderer, I'm guessing. >> Yes. So, I think the truth was not a defense there. >> Yeah. So, I'm just curious how boldly creators should be thinking about if they're going to be talking about real people and starting these small YouTube channels. Or maybe you start small, but your video goes viral, all of a sudden, you know, you're on blast talking about somebody else. >> Well, this this brings to mind, you know, the Blake Lively and the Justin Baloni lawsuit that's been happening there. >> Explain the details of that. >> Um, so the these two, you know, actors were um on a movie together and Blake Lively claimed that um the director Justin Baldoni um sexually harassed her, you know, on set. And so it became this huge thing where Discovery was done and you know their publicists and their managers and and Taylor Swift was brought into it because Taylor's a friend of Blakes's and all their text messages came out. So it's like just realize that during litigation, everything comes out. >> Anything you put in writing might be shown to the world. And what happened there was a lot of people started covering it, journalists. There's one woman particularly like her channel completely like I think blew up to like a million because she was covering it every single day. >> And she took a position, right, as to who was like the the the bad person. Um, I think like and don't quote me because I can't remember if if she like was more on Justin's side or more on Blake's side, but the point here is she took a side and le let's say she she was against Blake, right? So Blake could potentially come after her and say, "Your coverage of of this entire time in in the dispute really hurt my image and my business." And there are headlines now that say nobody wants to hire her anymore. And you know, she's Ryan Reynold's wife. And so it's just like this could hurt her career as an actress. And could she prove that because of this woman's coverage of her every single day that put this false narrative out there that it hurt her business? >> I think every creator has to approach these kind of um journalistic uh channels, their content with some caution because they might get sued. um because they're talking negatively about somebody. >> Totally. >> This would apply to creators who do products, product reviews, you know, tech reviews. We certainly have seen those headlines where a creator says, "Oh, this is crap." You know, sorry, my language. This is a terrible product. And and then that product tanks, right? And and so we have a lot of power as creators. We have potentially sometimes millions of people listening to us. We have to be careful. I I think the power that we hold to >> can brands be implicated. So there's a there's a uh cons there's a creator named Candace Owens. >> Okay. >> And she has been talking at length about Charlie Kirk's death. >> Mhm. >> But also all with all kinds of theories and many would say conspiracy theories. Mhm. >> I'm talking at length like daily hour to two hour podcast and for a while was getting 1 to 2 to 3 million views. >> Wow. >> Um number one it brings up the idea that is there time when Turning Point USA files a lawsuit. Number two though, as she's going through these episodes, you know, mid episode she she might be like, "Today's episode's brought to you by" and when you insert the brand, is the brand completely safe in the midst of choosing to sponsor content that could be if it is commentary, if it's getting into that environment. >> That's a great question. So, I guide a lot of creators about having mutual indemnity when they do their brand sponsorships. Usually, it's to protect them against the brand. >> Yeah. But in this situation, because it's mutual, it would protect the brand. So if the brand got sued because of what the creator said, >> yes, >> then the creator would have to pay the brand's legal fees if they get pulled into it. >> So this is why brands are very careful about the types of creators that they work with. >> I'm I don't know what type of brand is sponsoring her content. I mean it just for for for someone who represents I represent brands and agencies and creators. I would be very hesitant. I would tell the brand you know be very careful here about working with a creator whose content >> is very risky. It's you know it might open you up to liability for a lawsuit. And so in that in that sense if the brand still decides to go forward I would make sure that their indemnity is very strong. I would may even confirm that the creator has defamation and ENO insurance and add the brand to as an additional insured onto that policy, which can go both ways. By the way, I'm doing a big campaign for one of my clients right now with Google and we're we're making Google add my client onto their additional insured. >> Wow, >> that's a that's that's powerful. That's why people should work with you. >> Yeah. Well, you do get that extra layer of protection, I think, when you work with an attorney. Yes. which I got many more questions for you, but I want to you're mentioning a few things that we've covered in past episodes that I want to remind listeners. There's a couple good ones in the archive to listen to after this and of course all your info in case people want to reach out. Uh before we move on to the next topic, you actually mentioned um Nintendo by name in our last conversation. I think we were talking about different say gaming companies. Most are fine with you streaming their content. some crack down more, you know, but actually Nintendo sued a streamer for $7.5 million >> for streaming pre-release games. >> So, they must have known they were pre-release and maybe was willing to do that. I don't that's that's a scary amount. I can't imagine the streamer can hang with those numbers, but the streamer was uh Everyday Guru >> and uh this was filed in 2024 in Colorado with 7.5 million sought. I'm curious your take on like gaming creators or emulation or the myth that let's plays are safe. >> Again, it really depends on the game developer. Um, some are a lot more relaxed and some because it helps them, right? You think about Roblox and you think about Minecraft like it helps their brand to allow creators to react and you know and and and and stream on with their content. Nintendo has notoriously been really more strict than other game developers. I haven't heard about this case but just but the fact that you said it was a pre-release, right? So this really hurt their bottom line because this this goes back to the same analogy as pirated films when when films are not yet released and they get you know put onto the you know these black market websites and people stream them ahead of time and then they release all the the kind of spoilers. It hurts like why would anybody pay to go to the theater so they can just watch it at home. So, I think there have been a lot of historical precedent where companies will go after infringers because they need to basically send a message out to the public that you can't do this, you can't pir it, you can't pre-release our content because we're looking to make millions of dollars from it and you have potentially um hurt us by, you know, maybe it's it's it's 25%, maybe it's 50% of our revenue. So that's why I'm not surprised at that big number that they they went after this creator for >> talking about copyright claims versus strikes and how what AI is changing. We mentioned it a little bit earlier, but um >> YouTube's AI is demonetizing even original animation channels, mistaking them for AI slop. So the question is, how do you prove if your content is real? Um, in February 2026, Dino Me Mania over a million subs and other animation channels were hit by an AI policy as um, one of the channels in our community got inauthentic content. >> They had a Bible stories channel. They were making $30,000 a month in YouTube ad revenue. >> Um, you know, AI writing the scripts, AI voice, AI animation, but they're, you know, making these episodes and the whole channel got demonetized. I don't know if you're any of your clients. The question h how do you prove your content is real? If you're appealing this and it feels like there's just these broad strokes by YouTube. Yeah. How do you navigate that? >> So, this is where really being a more buttoned up business comes into play. You have to start keeping track of your content. And this is the copyright rule. If original content is created by humans, that's that's basically the most broad copyright law. If you use AI to create your animations, let's say you you should be able to show like, okay, this is the first version that AI made for me, but then a human animator or editor went in and actually made changes to make it not AI, not fully AI. I don't actually know. Again, this is a little bit vague because YouTube doesn't actually share their methodologies of how they determine something is is purely AI or not AI. Um, and I know that this type of recordkeeping and bookkeeping is something that trips up a lot of creators because we just have to get our content out there. Sometimes people make five videos a day. the the idea of clearing B-roll, clearing reaction channel videos, like it's just a lot >> and it kills the creative spirit. >> It it does. It kills speed and it kills the speed. But, and we'll talk about this later, you know, when you want to sell your business, when you want to license your content, you have to prove that you own it all. >> So, for the AI, it's the cleanest answer would be to to make your own content and not use AI, right? That's the biggest defense. if if YouTube were to say this is AI content. Um, but if you're using AI to do your animations, I mean, that's it's so tricky because you could say, well, the prompts were done by me, a human. You know, the the the AI couldn't have made this content without the the human input. And so that's where you might even have to show you put in the prompt, you do screenshots, right? you you you show the content you like you you have to prove a record of what is the human elements of this content and we'll see it more play out I guess as more creators get hit with this but it's sort of a black box YouTube doesn't show like this is how we decide certain things right >> you know I've I've worked on so many copyright strikes or channel terminations and sometimes we just get a channel back and we never get an explanation why or we never get it back and they also don't explain Why? So, it's really hard for me to guide. And I will share with you, Sean, I've actually stopped taking on channel terminations because I can't get the channels back sometimes. And I don't want to take on a case where I can't like maybe I'll get it back. Maybe I won't, but that's and I don't have enough information. >> And I don't like taking money from creators where, yeah, maybe 50% of the time I'll get your channel back, but like I don't want to take the chance that you're the other 50 that I can't get it back. So now I just don't take them on anymore. >> Interesting. If you're an entrepreneur or a creator that wants to scale their online business, that's why we created the Think Media Mastermind. >> I have so much more clarity as to my ideal target audience now, which means my content is about to be so much better and more targeted towards the exact person I'm trying to reach. >> Super intimate, highlevel strategy. >> I had the skills that I already knew sharpened. I feel like I went to my next level. >> For entrepreneurs and creators that want to scale with YouTube, >> this was the first time that I was able to get in a room with a lot of other serious YouTubers and talk with other people who love creating content and love YouTube. Usually, I don't get to do that. So, this is really special. You can check it out at think mediamastermind.com. Yeah, I think it's that's scary for creators. they might have a fear of starting, but what you're saying, of course, if you're creating original content, it's not something you have to worry about. >> Correct. >> Um, but if you do want to step into using AI, it it sounds like what I'm hearing is you need to professionalize your business. >> Like, and if you're you should be thinking this many moves ahead. What maybe what will happen the day if I'm questioned and if you're ready for the day you're questioned. Oh, yeah. this is our process because there's plenty of animation channels which YouTube loves. >> AI is just a tool potentially to create that animation that's now at a barrier of entry that's available almost to anybody >> exactly >> at this point. >> Um okay. So um let's talk about these exits. You know, I want people to lock in because if you're just starting, you might not be thinking about exiting your YouTube channel, but this really is a mindset that could help every Think Media podcast listener be thinking about, man, what's possible over the next 5, 10, 15 years? What could I build? Because I believe you're representing a $100 million exit right now. Is that true? >> That is wild. So, when you look at a creator's business today, what's the one thing that maybe kills a deal before it starts? I don't know if it's one thing. Yeah. But I'll share with you these are the five elements that I always try to tell creators they should think about and probably earlier on than they they think. >> So, so through my business, my creator arc business, which is my M&A advisory arm, >> I take creators basically through and arc is basically a life cycle of creator. So there are seven steps. It's step one is your very first upload all the way to exit. And within those, I ask creators to think about growing their revenue streams beyond AdSense and brand deals. So, a private equity fund or studio or streamer are starting to look at YouTube channels as viable media companies and assets that they want to acquire. They look at certain things such as your audience size. That does matter, you know, but also your connection to your audience. How loyal is your audience to you? They look at your revenue and not just pure revenue but also recurring revenue. What is something that gets paid when you're sleeping that is away from your face? >> They look at data, you know, what do you own your your email list? Do you own your audience? >> They look at your team, you know, like who who do you have working for you? Like could you Sean take two weeks off and everything still keeps running? >> Yeah. And what I didn't mention is the creator themselves because what these buyers have to mitigate is the keyman risk >> because when they're buying a channel and we look at examples like Matt Pat, you know, theorist and Veritassium as as sort of the two, you know, big exits. And actually last night at dinner, I I sat down and spoke a long time with Stephanie Patrick and I got so much insight into their exit and she's potentially going to come on my my podcast, creator to CEO, to talk about their exit because I think a lot of creators are starting to get really interested in what does that look like for me? >> How do I get off this hamster wheel? >> Right. So that question of how do we take the risk off of of this creator's face so that not everything is relying on them because in this calculation that buyers are looking at your YouTube channel should be a small fraction of that. The client that I'm working on with the $und00 million exit if his channel were to go down tomorrow yes it would hurt but it's only a small fraction of his his revenue. >> Interesting. his community, his courses, his newsletter, his tech app. So the tech app, this app is something that can be sold and rolled up for 30 or $50 million. So I want to take you back a little bit about this journey with this client. So two about 18 months ago, we took him out to market because he said to me, he said, "Tyler, I want to sell my channel. Can we see how much it would be worth? What's the valuation?" So we took them out, spoke to four private equity funds and they all gave us a range of about 30 to 35 million which is an very in healthy great number. >> But I actually said to him I said you know what I think we should wait. I think you could hit 100 million in probably three three to five years was what I said. But in the meantime we should do these things. So this is what I do through creator arc. I actually sit down with creators and I go down the next two years with them, three years with them or five years, you know, to get ready >> to get ready from 35 mil to 100 mil plus. >> So we we look at diversifying the revenue stream. We look at making sure their corporate structure is properly structured. There's a parent company, their subsidiaries holding like the YouTube channel, the um the community, the products, so that if if one company got sued, the other assets would be safe. Um, we make sure their IP portfolio is clean, clean chain of title, that you own every single B-roll, every piece of music you have in your videos, every independent contractor you have, every employee you have has work for Higher Language, that everything they're doing is owned by you, you have all your trademarks for all of your brands. These are all the things the the private equity funds will look at. And this often takes a good year or two for me to clean that up. if you're not doing doing it from day one. Now I have some clients interestingly and they they happen to be more professional educational channels who are coming from me who are coming to me from day one even before they start their channel and saying I need you to do my LLC. I need you to structure me properly. We're going to do the trademarks. Give me independent contractor agreements. Tell me how to get the proper B-roll the music. They're from day one. They're thinking about it in the right way. because more and more professionals are becoming YouTubers, you know, they're doing this on the side maybe to quit their full-time job and so they're getting ready and so many of them understand that the end point is an exit. >> Yes. It's a whole different level of thinking. It's interesting in our community uh like this year 2026 it seems like there's maybe more of a normal conversation. It might have been as it might have been five, seven years ago, there was an eight figureure exit of one of our students. Um, and uh, and now multiple, maybe not quite 10, but more than five of our students have exited their YouTube channel. >> Interesting. And who are the buyers? >> Uh, one was a kids brand. They took over a female's channel and hired her back and then started adding other creators to the channel for kids products. >> One overtook like a you'd call it like a ecommerce service business >> for like countertop stuff and there was already a big ecom thing. They figured they could professionalize it and scale it. >> Nice. >> And the YouTube channel was the engine of these businesses. >> It's the marketing arm. >> Yeah, it was the marketing arm, but there was, you know, other things there. >> So, that's that is a wild way of thinking about this creator economy thing is huge. You never know what it's going to turn into. And even just you have a couple layers. My takeaway is one, just listening to this podcast, you gave us a whole different way of thinking of how we set up our business. Two, maybe you want to set it up from day one, trademarks, and three, you always, you can know, pivot, >> but it might take some time to clean up your business if like I never knew all the success would, you know, come my way or whatever. >> I'm curious of a couple your your thoughts on Mr. Beast. Um, Feastables is now outperforming Mr. Beast's actual YouTube channel. But I wonder if this is an interesting model because the numbers that I was able to pull was $250 million in revenue for Feastables versus his media business losing 80 million. >> And on the headlines, people are like, "Mr. Beast is losing money." You know, which I think people lose the context like, "Oh, I knew it. He's failing." It's like, I think you read the headline wrong. losing 80 million on the media arm is really not a loss if the media is why your chocolate bar and other businesses you're launching is blowing up. What are your thoughts on there on that? >> Well, I think he can certainly not be losing so much money. I think he almost wears it like a a badge of honor like I can I put all this money back into my content and that's why I'm losing. I think there's a little bit of a, you know, a media attention angle there. >> But the feastables is really what I want to focus on. And this is why I talk to creators day in and day out about how do you grow your business so it's not relying on your face or your upload schedule. And this exact example shows this is what I'm talking about. He has built a product that doesn't require his face anymore, right? I mean, yes, like him talking about his chocolate, but people know enough now when they go into a Target or into a 7-Eleven, they're just they're going to grab that Fables, right? Because they like the chocolate >> because it's it's on par with Hershey's now. >> But if his channel were to go down tomorrow, his chocolate would still sell. And that's the point. And that's why it was so great that he didn't call it Mr. Beast Chocolate. He called it Feastables. Another separate name, another brand away from his YouTube channel. >> So that's the gold standard. I mean more of a gold standard because consumer goods their margins are not good is Mark Robber's Crunch Lab subscription boxes. I love that type of product. I mean my actually my gold standard is a technical app because you build it once and you can sell it a million times and there isn't manufacturing and distribution the way a physical product has. But thinking about recurring revenue, a subscription box that you can get your audience to not buy one time for $30 but $30 times 12 or many many years. That's what private equity fund looks at as to what is your month overmonth, year afteryear revenue, recurring revenue. >> Mr. Beast also acquired a Gen Z fintech app and the Senate Banking Committee sent him a letter about it. Is this a warning sign for creators who want to launch financial products? >> I don't think so. I'm working on two NEO banks right now for my clients. Yeah. >> So, I think >> he's thinking in in the right way. I mean, step was an educational app. It's not a real bank app. I I I heard through the gravines. I think the speculation is he tried to get a bank charter. It's very very hard to get get a bank charter. So, this was sort of the in between before. I think he he tries to get a bank charter. Here's something that people don't realize that banks have to spend a lot of money. Banks have to spend I think it's like $1,000 per client. It's called customer acquisition cost. For most YouTubers and creators, that cost could be zero. So, if Mr. Beast and and we can talk I actually just filmed a video about this um that will come out next week about Mr. Beast's three intent to use trademarks that he just filed. He just filed Beast Financials. He filed um Watchtime Studios and then uh an incubator. So, these are all potential businesses that he's going to start soon. And it kind of indicates where his mind is going. You know, he's thinking about incubating smaller channels. He's thinking about creating banks. He's thinking about being a white label production company. >> And thinking three steps ahead is what creators really need to start doing. You can't just be heads down making content every day. And yes, okay, when you're starting out, get your first video 50 videos out like every week. just you have to put the reps in. >> But once you're starting to make some money on AdSense and brand deals, let's say >> you're making $10,000 a month, that's a that's a salary. That's a nice salary that can replace a corporate job that then you really should start thinking about what is this as a business. >> Do I have a separate business account? Do I have an LLC? Do I have the proper agreements in place? Because most of the time when people are coming to me because they got an offer ready for an offer for an exit, it's almost too late. Not too late, but it's just it's it's a lot more work for me to have to clean up after the fact than if I put them in from day one. >> I know we're talking about a high level, but creators of all sizes of course could dream about what we might create, but do you feel like some of these creator brands could be overhyped? Meaning for example, Prime Hydration went from 1.3 billion to 300 million in two years. I don't know if there's some things you would do differently. What are some lessons from that? I believe Refresco sued them for $68 million. Uh Agoro Vania for 13 million. There's a class action on caffeine and chemicals. So you've got like the headline of yes creators launch brand huge creator KSI Logan Paul >> Prime goes to a billion dollars but also >> shrinks a billion dollars lessons from that. >> I think it really comes down to trust >> because at the end of the day I think the reason why Prime hydration failed was because they um use bad products. they potentially um wanted to make the quicker dollar and not do the right thing. And I think we've seen this through a lot of creator le products where the quality is bad, you know, or let let's say clothing, the the quality is bad or they make supplements and people get hurt or people get sick. And the way our world is now with how quick social media is and Reddit, you know, review, you know, like people talking um giving feedback in real time is you can't try to shortcut things >> or make a cheap product and think you're going to get away with it. It's just it's just not possible anymore. So I think I mean Logan Paul has has really I think lost the trust of his audience several times, you know, with his Cryptozoo and all all these different things that he's done. So he he was maybe under a microscope already. But I think that's what ended up happening even with Mr. Beast and Fastables. I mean, he has changed the ingredients of his of his chocolate. Remember when he first started out, he said, "I wanted to make a great high quality chocolate with organic ingredients." that's no longer the case because he needs to compete with Hershey's and he it needs to be >> marginal and so >> it's it's all things that a a company would think about from day one because I think when creators are doing making products on their own and not involving the experts or the third party experts who you know maybe maybe if they hadn't brought in a beverage company from day one to partner with them they could have guided them and said like these are the ingredients we should really think about and and so I think there's a maybe an immaturity you know like I think an immature point of view in thinking well we could just do whatever we want and it'll be fine or so we can make a quick dollar I think at the end of the day it always comes back and and the truth comes out >> that timeless wisdom is timely in that you know just because you have influence and a good marketing arm you know, influence on YouTube or wherever that quality product and reputation over time is still what's going to last. >> I think so. >> Yes. Well, um, as we land the plane, what what do you think creators um should be doing right now or what opportunities should they be se um jumping onto? Uh, Uni Lever is putting 50% of their ad budget into influencer marketing. You know about this story. Can you break this down? it might speak to more broadly what's happening in the creator economy right now. >> So I I recently wrote about this. I'm a Forbes contributor and I wrote this story about how Unilver just last week their CEO announced that they have a network of 300,000 creators that they work with directly. So they've cut out the agencies and they're going to these creators as basically their distribution arm and saying you know we are launching this new product or we want you to highlight this product and they have they're going to very small creators let's say 10,000 to 50,000 I think that's their sweet spot of like how many they like in their audience because they know those creators have a very close relationship with that audience you you take a huge creator with a 100 million subscribers they don't necessarily have that type of um uh relationship with their audience. So, they're going to smaller creators and asking them to basically become uh their brand ambassadors and and and to um be their commercials, you know, to be to be um selling their products. Last year, I think this was in 2024, the year before, the CEO of Unilver said, "We are going to allocate 50% of our spend dollars towards digital creators." Wow. >> And I think when that happened, the market really sat up and took attention, you know, they they really paid attention because Unilver is one of the biggest companies in the world and they own so many different brands like Ben and Jerry's and Dove and and all these different brands. And if they're saying we're not going to work with traditional agencies anymore necessarily or we're going to go straight to creators, I think this signals to the marketplace that creators are real businesses. They're distribution arms. They're media companies that we should pay attention to. And that's why in my Forbes article, I said this is an indication that private equity funds and big companies are start are going to start acquiring creatorled businesses because it's it's a fullyfledged distribution arm that they could just acquire very cheaply compared to what they would have to do if they were to spend it in into uh agencies or if they were trying to build this themselves from scratch. scratch. >> Yeah. So, the takeaway is realizing where basically influencer marketing for nano and micro influencers is going. >> 10,000 subscribers and mac macro companies like Unilver wants to work with you. >> If you've got a niche audience. So, what do you see coming? What are you excited about in terms of the creator economy? You work with a lot of large and established creators thinking about exiting, but what do you think specifically for new creators 2026? You think competition is too fierce to get in the game or where do you see things going next? >> No, I don't think so. I think it's it's the perfect time. If you've been thinking about starting a YouTube channel, this is the time because here's the thing, YouTube and and social media, it rewards consistency. Just because you start a channel doesn't mean anything. You have to put in the reps. you have to do 50, 100, a thousand videos to really get good at it and to build an audience. I think if you this is the best time I think for experts to come into the space. >> I think slower content you know is going to start um getting the attention that it it desperately needs. I mean >> like the opposite of high retention editing Mr. like like fast content and you know the recent verdict against Meta and Google um the $6 million verdict about the addictive nature of social media I think >> so they had to pay $6 million >> yes >> which is kind of like nothing but it's more the principle >> but it was a brilliant strategy on the plaintiff's part because they're trying to make sure that this case doesn't get appealed >> and so when you have huge numbers I mean it would have been so much sexier to say, "Oh, you know, they got a $100 million verdict, but that's more likely to be overturned on appeal." >> So, that's one person they settled with. >> But it opens up the door for other people like that >> for the thousands of lawsuits that are waiting in the dockets right now >> to essentially say social media is addictive. >> Well, so for a long time, the platforms have hidden behind the safe harbor called section 230, which states, "Oh, well, we here are not responsible for what creators put on on the platforms. You know, we're just the platforms. was just a distribution arm basically. But because of this trial, there were some internal memos that were leaked. I mean, not leaked, I mean they were they were they were um produced where Meta stated, "Oh, we have to start really pushing our content to pre-teen because that's when we can get them. That's when their brains are most, you know, susceptive and invulnerable to addiction." And so we need to get them then, >> which is crazy because 13 is usually like when you can get on a platform, which would mean they're going to be pushing content to also kids that are underage. >> And those are memos that came out. Doesn't that's not a good look. >> No. And this is the analogy I made in my other Forbes article is like this is almost a big tobacco reckoning that happened for big tobacco companies is they also said, "Oh, well, we didn't know about the addictive nature." And then one case happened and they saw the internal memos and then it opened the floodgates to thousands of lawsuits. >> Where would that stop? >> Will it ever? >> I don't know. Right. Because this one case got through, >> right? >> I think a lot of judges who might have been deciding if they were going to, you know, dismiss the cases in their dockets, they might let it go through now because our our court systems are so respected, you know, we respect precedent. We respect judges respect the the the rulings of other judges. So now these cases probably will go forward and if we get a hundred of these I think that's where the platforms will have to stop um or change their algorithm so that it can't be so addictive and that's why I was saying I think the slower content the educational professional channels a lot of my clients will will start maybe getting put into the feed more >> than those kind of fast addictive content. >> Got it. the kind of the kind of content that is has people perpetually scrolling YouTube shorts and children >> consuming these crazy YouTube shorts >> that's fascinating so so what could happen is similar to cigarettes having a surge in general's warning there might be what we will see probably the evolution of the platforms for the harmful nature of the addictive nature of the algorithm >> I think this one verdict has opened that door >> wow >> that's pretty is there any other implications of that ultimately that you see coming down the road. >> I think this might make creators be a little more careful about the type of content they want to make. Maybe a lot of creators in your audience are thinking, I have to go make that fast content. I have to go make that addictive content. That's how I can show up on the algorithm. And maybe you and I can say maybe you don't need to. Maybe you just make good content that's helpful, that is educational, >> that provides value to your audience. And you will find your niche audience. And maybe you only need 10,000, right? As the unilver example showed, you don't need a million subscribers. >> I mean, I'm I'm I'm I'm trying to hit a thousand a 100,000 subscribers this year on YouTube. I'm like at 59,000. So, if you guys could go subscribe, that would be amazing. But I think a 100,000 is completely respected. Yes. And you look at 100,000 actually. You know, 100,000 is like 0.1% of YouTubers. that shows your audience and to brands this is someone who has a dedicated audience who will come back and listen, who will buy from this person, you know, that's enough. We don't have to kill ourselves trying to get to a million subscribers. I think there's that fallacy that you have to get really really, you know, big numbers to be um to make a living as a creator. >> I have four lightning round questions to to end with, but before we get there, you've got some cool stuff coming on. We'll link it in the show notes. where can people follow you and we'll link to all your stuff. >> Yeah. So, two things and I'm I'm going to walk the walk, right? >> Please sign up to my newsletter because I say this to people all the time, you know, please get emails from from your audience. Actually, I do put out a great newsletter. It's called Love Letters to Creators. And basically everything we talked about here today, I I try to write in my newsletters to teach you guys what I am working on why some creators are primed for an exit whereas other creators need to do, you know, these three or five things to to get caught up. So, and then the other thing I'm working on, Sean, that I'm really excited about is I'm actually going to put on a master class. It's a is a mastermind um for creators who are wanting an exit because I can't scale myself fast enough. But if I'm I'm look I'm doing probably two of these a year. I'm going to limit it to 10 to 20 creators who want to come in and sit with me for eight weeks, meet with me twice a week, and we're going to work on by the end of the eight weeks they'll have an exit plan. >> That's cool. >> And so I'm limiting this, you know, to these small cohorts. And I want to help creators get ready for their exit. And I just don't have enough time in the day. I'm doing 10 to 12 calls a day. It's still not enough time because the excitement and the demand for exits is so high now. Everybody wants to talk to me about it. >> That's cool. And what a unique value prop. And you have the expertise, of course, to do that. And that's uh we'll link to that in the show notes. Okay. A couple lightning round questions as we land the plane. What's one legal myth every creator still believes that could cost them their channel? >> Um, I we touched on it. Fair use that you can use footage without permission and that it will be okay. I think there are still creators who think that. >> Um, what content category would you tell creators to avoid in 2026? >> Oh, to avoid reaction. >> for sure. I mean, I think reactions is just a landmine waiting to happen. And by the way, if you want to exit, you cannot exit with a reaction channel. Do you realize that? Like private equity will not touch what private equity loves. And if we could talk about what what are the best niches or the types of channels to have is >> do you know the two things humans care about the most? Have I asked you this before? >> Know what? >> Um health and wealth, right? How do I take care of my my body so I live longer? How do I make more money? How do I save money? So those are the two best niches. Yeah. I think for format podcast is the best. >> People love hearing, you know, conversations between experts or between people who who've walked walked that path already. I think that's why Diary of a CEO is so popular because you get to hear from worldclass experts. Yes. >> In an hour and and learn from them. >> That's interesting. Yeah. I've heard I've heard that with one other category that health, wealth, and relationships are the three big online meaning like uh find a date, >> recover from divorce, strengthen your marriage, >> make money, save money, and then health could be anything from get the abs to skin care. >> But uh that's interesting. Um if a creator gets a strike at midnight tonight, what's the first three things they should do? >> Not panic. Because sometimes It's not a real, you know, like it's it's it could be a strike, but it's not real. You can appeal. You can actually go in there and appeal. You can reach out to that person who put the strike and say, "Hey, there are solutions." You know, sometimes you if you, let's say you were mistaken, you used someone's content thinking it was fair use, you can say to the person, "I'm so sorry. Could I pay you to use this footage um and make this right? How do I make this right to you?" I say this to a lot of people and also to my clients and my junior attorneys. What we do is 90% human behavior and maybe 10% the law. Always ask the other side, what can I do to make this right? What can I do to make this deal? >> And they'll always tell you. I've I've dealt with a lot of copyright strike situations where the person just wanted credit. Sometimes we just have to give them credit or we pay them a small amount, nominal fee, 500, you know, for five clips or something like that. Just make it right. Tell them, "I'm sorry. I didn't know. I thought I could use this under fair use, but clearly I was wrong. So, what can I do to make this right to you? >> Got it. And then if you also can appeal. >> Yes, you can appeal. Um, and sometimes when you appeal, did you guys know that the next step is that person actually has to go file a lawsuit >> to keep that claim up, >> to keep the strike up. >> So, basically, if you just appeal, maybe chances are they're not going to file a lawsuit. But if they truly believe they own that IP and then but they they might they might dig in and I've seen situations where the other party files a complaint. >> You went from Disney to creators attorney. What did Hollywood teach you that creators don't know yet? >> Oh, I love this. Um, you are the new studio heads. You just don't know that yet. And I think there's so much power. You're the like creators are the American dream. So I'm representing these new clients called Creator Camp. Do you know them? So they they put out a film called Two Sleepy People. They made it for 100,000 and they wanted to get it into the theaters and they didn't know how to. So they went to the theaters like they went to AMC and Regal and said, "Can we put our movie in your theaters?" And they said, "Maybe." Which is kind of a cool shift. And they said, "Well, we'll give you two theaters. if you can sell 30,000 per theater, we'll give you more theaters. So, they hit those numbers. They got a limited release. Those did really well. And then they got a wide release. And now I'm representing them and we're selling the rest of the world, which we've sold. And now we're probably going to Ken Film Festival in a few weeks to premiere that film. >> Wow. And this is what I mean by if you're a creator and you have the courage or a story you want to tell and you put it out into the world, millions of people can see it and you don't have to wait for a studio head to deem your story worthy of being told. How incredibly powerful that it how incredibly powerful is that? And I am lit up every day because I get to wake up and help creators protect them and grow out their businesses. And so many of these will become the next studios. That's a great place to land the plane and a very inspiring vision of the future. Future looks bright for the creator economy, for YouTube, and I just want to acknowledge you for coming back on the podcast. >> Thank you. Um Sean, one last thing I actually forgot to ask. Um I'm starting a new podcast called Creator to CEO, and I actually have uh a request to your audience. If anybody is in here wanting me to do an audit, so I charge $5,000 for these audits, but I will do it for free. If you have anyone in your audience who's making at least $100,000 a year from their creator business and you want me to do a audit live, you know, on my podcast to share and teach other creators how to grow out their business so that they're ready for an exit. I'm taking applications and I would be uh really honored if anybody from your audience would come on. >> Amazing. So, we could put a link to those applications. >> Yeah. those three things, my newsletter, my mastermind, and the creator to CEO podcast. >> Amazing. We'll do it. So, Think Media podcast. Check out links in the show notes below if you got value today. Wide-ranging conversation. Hit like if you're on YouTube, rate and review if you're over on audio. My name is Sean Kel, your guide to building a profitable YouTube channel.

  Top Comments:
  1. @ThinkMediaPodcast [5 likes]: What was your biggest takeaway? 🔥Apply for our exclusive 2-day Las Vegas event designed to take your channel to the next level ➡ http://thinkmediamastermind.com/
  2. @Sedgley9024 [2 likes]: I am tired of these people being able  to lie and ruin people and their businesses.
  3. @uncleelonradio [2 likes]: I got monetized finally. On the same day they demonetized all these channels. Guess I'm not slop 🖤🖤🖤 guess it was authentic this whole time.
  4. @vituia [1 likes]: Youtube is social media entrance to the access to the world.  This analogy that youtube is a landlord and the world is all renters , is A. Disgusting B. Greedy C. Sets  humans back 30 years
  5. @JonniArmani [1 likes]: YouTube declares war every other day-
  6. @rogerhanson2731: I would love to believe your attorney but I also know that there is attacks being paid on YouTube and all platforms that aim to go against AI. These are usually coming from the same computer techs that have invested in the field of computer science. Now their own technology is coming back and biting them in the butt. The same with Musicians. Go and check out how much it costs for a paid professional narrator. Take a look at how much Grammerly costs. These poeple are lossing money and they are attacking AI. I use ai but not for slop. YouTube should stop encouraging their creators to use other creators videos to make ai shorts and then "supposedly" attacking ai at the same time. Makes no sense.
  7. @petersrockvideos: It's clear youtube is getting tired of paying out money to creators ....  they are thinning out the heard to improve their own bottom line.....  that is the truth
  8. @cheyenne99: Youtube is google, which is publicly traded, not private. So basically, youtube cant be trusted or relied upon
  9. @byronbolen72: I am glad they are getting rid of the AI slop.  Its so BAD.
  10. @M3Clay: TLDR: they want high quality ai content😂
  11. @StartechMTG: Being on YT is a privilage... WT actual F... YT is because the creators create.... people follows the content, not the platform.
  12. @hjackson.92: Thanks!  The video mysteriously vanished Friday morning right when I got to 12:50.  I'm grateful that I now finally have the full story. I have heard smaller to midsize craters, though, talk about how they avoid using clips from CNN and Fox altogether because even if their usage of clips is fair use, those two networks will strike the videos down. And they are just providing commentary on time sensitive news items.  Even approaching the networks in an attempt to clear the video clips for their videos is unsuccessful. But I've seen bigger creators do it without any problem, but if they're not clearing things with networks, then how are they able to get away with it?
  13. @sirenemoon8610: Bring back Krispy Flights!
  14. @JimsAddictedTo: We get to be a fly on the wall, listening to two people that really know what they are talking about when it comes to social media. One of the better interviews I’ve seen in a while.
  15. @LivingPositive50: Alot new creator's starting out, trying to live that American dream... Good Luck 👏👍
  16. @TrapBoiFuse561: 51:56 that’s why YouTube slowing everyone channel down brand not going thru them for ads
  17. @tinydanceryoutube: Youtube owns yt. Lol.
  18. @tinydanceryoutube: Good because I was sick of getting fake bot videos.
  19. @AudreymarieFrogoso: Very interesting topic👍 watching from the Philippines 👋💓
  20. @RangeRoninChronicles: If your work is not creating revenue for YT, they really don't have a use for you regardless of how good your content. YT is a business, after all.

- Rules Change From 1 June: یکم جون سے نئے اصول نافذ | LPG Cylinder | Credit Card Rules | PF Fund: Kind: captions Language: en The month of June is bringing many important changes for crores of people across the country. These changes can directly impact the common man's pocket, banking, digital payments, investments, air travel and daily life. From June 1, 2026, many rules related to UPI payment system, ATM transactions, Aadhaar update, Employees Provident Fund i.e. PF and LPG cylinder and automobile sector are going to change. Experts believe that some of these changes will provide convenience to the people. While some may also affect their monthly budget planning. In such a situation, it is very important to know these rules before the beginning of the new month. A big step has been taken towards making UPI, which has become the most popular medium of digital payment in the country, more secure. From June 1, whenever a person makes a payment to another person through UPI, the actual bank registered name of the concerned account will be visible on the screen before the payment. Till now, in many cases, people used to make payments on the basis of mobile number or QR code and later became victims of fraud. After the implementation of the new system, the persons making the payment will be able to clearly know in whose account the money is going. Experts say the change is expected to reduce online fraud using fake names and fake payment accounts. At the same time, in the digital payment sector, it is being considered an important step towards consumer protection. Many banks are going to change the ATM transaction rules from June. According to the information, the limit of free transactions from ATMs of other banks may be reduced. If this happens, you may have to pay additional charges for withdrawing cash, checking balance or taking out mini statement more than the prescribed limit. This could have the greatest impact on customers who regularly use ATMs. Banking experts believe that despite the increase in digital payments, a large number of people in the country still depend on cash transactions. In such a situation, any change in ATM charges will directly affect you or the general customers. Oil marketing companies review the prices of LPG cylinders on the first of every month. In such a situation, new prices of domestic and commercial gas cylinders can also be announced on June 1. In the last few months, there has been a continuous increase in the prices of 19 kg commercial cylinders. Whereas domestic cylinder prices remained relatively stable. The government says that oil companies are incurring huge losses per cylinder on domestic gas cylinders. On the other hand, there is volatility in crude oil prices at the international level. In such a situation, the eyes of the consumers are fixed on whether there will be any relief in the prices of domestic gas cylinders in the month of June or not. At the same time, the month of June can bring relief news for crores of employees working in the private sector. Employees Provident Fund Organisation i.e. EPFO has been working towards linking PF withdrawal with digital platform for a long time. It is believed that such facilities can be started in June under which employees will be able to receive their PF money directly in their bank account through UPI platform. If this system is implemented, then UPI amount can be transferred instantly to the bank account through Google Pay, PhonePe, Paytm and other UPI apps. This will provide relief to the employees from long processes and waiting. Besides, the Digital India campaign will also get strengthened. Changes are also going to happen in the automobile sector from June. The country's leading automobile manufacturer Hyundai Motor India has announced an increase in the prices of its cars. The company cited rising input costs, raw material prices and operating expenses as the reason. The new prices are likely to come into effect from June 1. According to the company, the prices will be increased by up to ₹1,800 depending on the different models and variants. Experts believe that in the coming time other automobile companies may also revise the prices. At the same time, the impact of increase in fuel prices at the international level is also visible on the aviation sector. Due to the increase in the prices of aviation fuel i.e. ATF, airline companies are also expressing the possibility of increasing operating costs. According to the information, Air India and Indigo are going to temporarily reduce the number of some domestic flights from June. This arrangement can remain in force for about 90 days. Industry experts say that if the number of flights decreases and demand remains, then ticket prices may increase. At the same time, passengers are being advised to book tickets in advance and keep an eye on the fares. Apart from this, the Income Tax Department is also making changes in some rules related to PAN card. Its aim is to make monitoring of financial transactions more effective. According to the new rules, the PAN card related process will be changed in high financial transactions. Also, monitoring of high value transactions will be further strengthened. Experts believe that these changes are aimed at increasing tax compliance and ensuring financial transparency. There is also important information for Aadhar card holders. The deadline for free online Aadhaar update facility by Unique Identification Authority of India i.e. UIDAI is ending on June 15. After this, a fee will have to be paid for making changes in name, address, date of birth or other information. Prescribed fee will be charged for online update. Whereas, if you go to the Aadhaar centre and get the update done, you may have to pay a separate fee. At the same time, experts advise that those who have to update any information in their Aadhaar should complete this work before the deadline expires. Most of the changes that will come into effect from June 1 will directly affect ordinary citizens. Where changes related to UPI and PF will promote digital facilities. At the same time, changes related to fuel, air travel, vehicle prices can further affect people's expenses. Inflation may also be affected, especially in case of increase in transportation costs. At the same time, new rules related to banking and digital payments are being considered important steps towards strengthening financial security. June 2026 is going to be a month of many important economic and administrative changes. From UPI security to PF withdrawal, Aadhaar update, LPG prices and vehicle price hike, almost every segment will be affected by this change in some way or the other. In such a situation, it is necessary that citizens get information about the new rules in time and organize their financial and daily plans accordingly. In this era of changing rules, awareness can prove to be the biggest protection and the biggest convenience.

- Những chính sách nổi bật có hiệu lực từ tháng 6/2026 - VNAMedia: Kind: captions Language: en From June 1st, E10 bioethanol fuel will be applied nationwide, according to Circular 50 issued by the Ministry of Industry and Trade on November 1st, 2025. From June 1st this year, gasoline must not only be blended into E10 bioethanol fuel for nationwide use, but also undergo a gradual reduction in dependence on fossil fuels and lower foreign exchange costs for importing base gasoline to ensure market stability and reduce conversion costs for key traders. The circular outlines a reasonable transition roadmap [for music] by allowing continued mixing and circulation in E5 Zone 92 until December 31, 2030. [Music] From June 8th, receive vehicle registration certificates on VNE ID VNE Traffic. According to April [music] number 37, effective from June 8th, vehicle owners can choose to receive vehicle registration results [music] via the public service portal, postal service, or directly at the vehicle registration agency. At the same time, electronic data of vehicle registration certificates is integrated into the VN ID application and the VNI traffic application managed and operated by the Ministry of Public Security. From June 15th, failure to verify facial recognition when changing phones may result in your phone being locked. Article 8 [music] of Circular 08 stipulates that from June 15th, when a subscriber is found to have changed their terminal equipment compared to the equipment previously used. Telecommunications businesses must implement measures to monitor [music] and may temporarily suspend outbound telecommunications services for a maximum of 2 hours if the [music] subscriber has not re- authenticated their facial recognition data. Verification is performed by directly matching the subscriber's facial image with data in the national population [music] database . Identity databases, national immigration databases, or biographical data [music] have been legally stored at telecommunications businesses . To complete the project on reorganizing neighborhood [music] groups before June 30th, in accordance with Directive 21 of the Prime Minister, the People's Committees of provinces and cities must review all villages and neighborhood groups, develop a plan for reorganizing and consolidating the team of non-professional [music] group leaders, and implement support policies as prescribed. The People's Committee at the commune level is responsible for developing a plan for arranging [music] in villages and residential areas, organizing public consultations, and submitting it to the commune-level People's Council for approval. This plan must be completed before June 30th of this year, ensuring transparency and openness in its implementation. The arrangement [of music] must conform to government criteria and the operational requirements of the two-tiered local government model , while also ensuring elements of historical and cultural significance, customs, geographical conditions, national defense and security, and community cohesion. [music]

- 7 Effective Marketing Strategies for 2026 (TIPS, TRICKS & TACTICS): Kind: captions Language: en - Hey there, my friend, Adam here. Today, I wanna share with you seven marketing secrets or marketing hacks or marketing tricks, essentially things that nobody's really talking about. Not even me that often. And it's because they're a little more complicated and a little more nuanced than the quick hits that we often get when it comes to social media, things like post at this time, or adapt your content for this algorithm tweak or use this kind of font or this kind of color or all of those things. What I'd rather do is get to the core of why your marketing may not be working as well as you want. And even if it is working okay, understanding the seven things that I'm gonna be walking you through here today will allow you to immediately upgrade all of it. Get better results, more clicks, more traffic, more sales from everything you do. And not only that, probably the most important thing that I could ever give you is to show you how to think about your marketing, how to process different marketing strategies and basically the crazy stuff that goes on inside my head when I'm evaluating different marketing tactics and tools and resources and all of that. So my goal here today is as ambitious as it is, is to try to pack seven secrets and seven hacks into a very short period of time, so that you're gonna be able to watch this. And you're going to be able to extract these little golden nuggets and apply them to your business, to your client's business, to whatever it is that you're doing. And it starts right now. So the very first thing that we need to talk about is kind of what ends up happening when someone says, "Hey, my marketing's just not working. Like, it's just nothing's happening. No one's clicking. No one's watching my stuff. The algorithm isn't pushing it or promoting it to people. Nothing's working." It's something that I hear all the time. I see it in the comments below very common. 90% of the time, it's because they're just not doing enough marketing. It's just a question of volume. It's a question of quantity, not so much quality. So let me explain. I don't know who's to blame for this one. Maybe it's the get-rich-quick things. Maybe it's all of the courses and the programs that promise that you can become a millionaire in 30 days with no work or whatever it is. But for some reason, when people think about marketing, they think that all they need to do is make a Facebook ad or an Instagram ad or post one video on YouTube and they'll just blow up and become the next viral sensation and everything will just work out miraculously well, and, seriously, I wish this was the case. That'd be amazing, but it's not, right. It's like marketing is just a business function. I'm gonna make this sound horribly boring, but it's like accounting or finance or legal aspects of a business or HR or sales or whatever it is. They're all just different business functions, which means that they require time. They require energy. They require money and investment in them in order to get them to work. Now, what ends up happening is most people will make one post on social media. It won't get the traction. And then they'll swear off that platform. So they'll hop over here, try out Twitter now and make a couple tweets. Nobody engages. So they say, "Well, Twitter doesn't work," and they'll make a YouTube video. And then that won't take off and they get frustrated and they get angry because it's just not working when the reality is, they probably just haven't done enough. And that's why the first concept, the first sort of hacker secret is identifying the marketing sweet spot. So in the most rudimentary art drawing class ever, let me show you exactly what I mean by marketing sweet spot. And you can see where you fall and where the vast majority of businesses fall. And if you find yourself in this position, you know that the answer is to keep on pushing through. It's not to dial back. It's not to pivot. It's not to do anything like that. It's just to keep going forward. So lemme show you what that looks like. So I want you to imagine for a second, a bell curve, kind of like the traditional bell curve. Of course, that'll be the, there we go. We'll get some ink flowing here. So this is our bell curve, our ugly, ugly bell curve. And it's gonna have three different sections. Now over here on the left, this is what you're going to call the minimum effective dose. So the MED, the minimum effective dose. Essentially, what ends up happening here is until you're in this range, nothing you do matters. It's about sort of making that one post on social media that someone sees one time and then that's it. And then you wonder why it's not working. It's about spending $5 on Facebook ads or Instagram ads and not getting immediate sales and then sort of swearing off the entire online advertising system and that, but the reality is we just haven't hit There's not enough momentum. There's not enough touch points. There's not enough exposures and reach and engagement with the audience that you're trying to reach. And we're gonna talk about that one in just a second, but this is where 90% of businesses fall as they sit around here in this minimum effective dose kind of half committing to different strategies, and then wondering why nothing's working and the answer here, the solution is, again, you've got to push through, you've got to move up here. And this is the sweet spot. This is where you're going to find sort of the saturation of your market. You're going to be hitting the number of touch points that are required. Again, we'll talk about that in just a second. You're going to be making sure that the people that you want to reach are actually seeing your content. You're gonna make sure that you've essentially saturated everything that you can. Now, the reality is this sweet spot is huge, massive, massively huge. Like when we're thinking about your business, your market or your industry, these are huge, huge industries, billions and billions of dollars. So unless your business is doing a billion dollars a year or more, there's more that you can do. It's crazy when I hear about someone that thinks that, "Well, look, I'm already posting once a day on Instagram," or, "I'm already making one YouTube video a week," or, "I've got a podcast. I'm pretty much maxed out. There's nothing else I can do." And they're sitting at around, say a million bucks a year, and they're in, let's use health and fitness. So if you're in, let's say the health and fitness industry, this massive multi-billion dollar industry and your business is doing a million a year, two million a year, a hundred grand a year, whatever it is, you haven't even scratched the surface for what you're capable of doing and for the amount of people that you could reach. So you could go from one post a day to five posts a day. You could make one video on YouTube a week to one video on YouTube a day. You could do two videos a day. You could start other channels. You could have other podcasts. There's so much that you can do. Now, of course, at some point, you're going to reach this third area, which is diminishing returns, biminishing returns. There we go, D for diminishing, diminishing returns. There's gonna be some point where eventually more money, more effort, more time isn't gonna pay off, but I can't even begin to tell you of all of the businesses I've worked with over the last 10 years, the tiniest fraction falls in here. And typically it's when they're spending like a million dollars a month on ads and they simply can't get in front of more people with their ads. So they're doing blogging, they're doing podcasting, they're doing SEO. They're running Google ads and Facebook ads and Instagram ads and all that. The biggest example here is if you're running some kind of search-based PPC, pay-per-click advertising, like a Google search ad. At the end of the day, you can't make people search for more stuff. So you can max out. But again, you can make that broader. You can go for discovery ad platforms like Facebook and Instagram, where you can put things in front of people that may potentially be interested. There's a lot of ways. So the reality is, let's find a bright, happy, colorful marker. This is where we're going for, this sweet spot here. Like everybody is down here in this sort of minimum effective dose. They haven't even scratched the surface for what's possible. And then they're wondering why their marketing is not working. The best piece of advice of everything that I could give you here is, really, you just have to do more. Now, of course, you need to be strategic. You need to think through it. That's what the rest of this is going to be about, but more is your answer. So on that note, how much more? And that leads me to the marketing rule of seven. Now, depending on your business or market or your industry, depending on if you're selling something for low-dollar value or high-dollar value, it's kind of universally agreed that for somebody to make a purchase decision, for someone to take action and actually buy from you, they need around seven touch points, which means seven engagements, seven interactions with your brand. You can't simply put something in front of them one time, expect them to buy and then call it a day. You're gonna have to do this multiple times, seven. Now, if it's expensive, it's gonna be seven to 14. If it's significantly cheaper, like you're selling a pack of gum for 99 cents or something, you probably don't need seven touch points. One should be sufficient, but that rule of seven is important because it forces you to not give up too early. It's just like when you're looking at these statistics around sales and you realize that most conversions, most closes for sales happen after like five rejections or five follow ups, five emails, five extra calls. It's rarely, pretty much never, the first time. Same thing goes with marketing. A bit of a side note here, but marketing is kind of selling one to many, sales is one to one, marketing, one to many. So we use the same concepts, the same strategies, all of that with sales. But I like to think of marketing as a little more exciting and a little more challenging even because instead of trying to convince one person at a time and overcome their objections and their fears and their concerns, we have to do this on mass and we have to do it without really getting much feedback from our market. So rule of seven, that's important. Now, how do we do this? Well, we do this by showing up in front of our ideal target market where they're present and active, which means that we need to be selective about what social media platforms we're going to, about what kind of content we're creating, about where we're putting that. And we need to make sure that it's in alignment, not only with you and your content style and what you like doing, hate doing, but also where your people are. In fact, that's the most important element. There's no point on being on Twitter or Pinterest or TikTok or Instagram or YouTube if your people aren't there. So you've gotta find out where they're present and active online, and then you've got to make it your mission to follow up and to make sure that you're consistently showing up in front of them with value, with content, and with offers. So that's the marketing rule of seven. Now the next point is more of a psychological phenomenon, more of a mental hack that you can use. I've talked about this a ton on this channel here, but it's called the mere exposure effect and what the mere exposure effect is, is a psychological phenomenon that says we, as people, as humans, we associate frequency with trust. So the more often that we show up in front of people, the more often that they see us, the more they know us, the more they like us and the more that they trust us. This kind of stems back to caveman days, where if we saw something enough times and it didn't try to kill us or eat us, we assumed it was safe. Well, all of that programming, all of that evolution is carried forward to today. So now when we see things again and again and again, we naturally start to like things more because we're familiar with them. They're less scary and, therefore, we're more likely to trust them. So this is why the marketing rule of seven is so important. This is why following up is so important. This is why making sure that you've got a solid email marketing strategy in place is paramount. It's crucial. Probably the second most important thing I could offer here, the first one is to make sure that you get out of that minimum effective dose zone and into the sweet spot, by doing more. The second probably most valuable piece of advice I could give you is to make sure that you're doing some kind of email marketing and you're doing it more than you think. So for some weird reason, there's this rule, this gospel in the marketing world, that you should send one marketing email a week at most, maybe one a month, 'cause you don't wanna bother people. Garbage. It's absolute garbage. There's plenty of businesses and industries where you could send one email every three days, you could send one email a day. There's some businesses and companies that I've consulted for and done work with and own and have stake in that do two emails a day and it works. People don't get angry, they don't unsubscribe. You've just got to know who your market is. At the very least, however, I'd say that you should be shooting for three emails a week, kind of at minimum. Otherwise, again, you're not going to have the chance to establish yourself and to take advantage of all of those touch points and the marketing rule of seven and the mere exposure effect. And that leads me perfectly to the next kind of secret, which is that you really wanna go deep rather than broad. So let me tell you what is probably my biggest pet peeve when it comes to marketing. And that's whenever I ask somebody, "Well, who's your target market?" And they say, "Everyone," or "People with money," and that's amazing. That'd be great, but there's like eight billion people on the planet. And I promise you, you don't want all of them. Even if they all wanted to do business with you, some of them are just terrible, terrible fits for your business. So why don't we rein that in a little bit. And even if we were to say separate men and women, well, now, we're down to like four billion or then we separate to this country. Now we're down to like a hundred million and then maybe this area, now we're down to 30 million. I mean, still, we're gonna wanna carve that down to a significantly lower number, someone that you're going to be able to connect with on a deeper level. So the easiest way to do this is to take a look at yourself and your business. Now I appreciate you are not your customer. You know things that they don't know, you have experiences that they don't have. However, most people, when it comes to business, they're solving a problem that they had at some point. They're solving something that they know about, that they care about, that they want to share and help other people. So you probably understand a little bit about your situation and what they're going through, and, therefore, you're more likely to attract people similar to you. It's another kind of same reason that if you are a personal brand or a coach or consultant or someone like that, you tend to attract people, give or take 10 years around your age. So if you're 30, you'll attract like 20 to 40. If you're 40, you'll attract 30 to 50, whatever it is. There's like this 20-year sliding scale, 10 years on each side that tends to work, that can balloon out a little bit here and there. But on average, you'll find most of your people fall in that range. Again, it's just because you relate to them better. You know the words that they use, you grew up in the similar time, you have the same references, all of that stuff. But the point is you want to go deep here and you wanna make better connections with fewer people than these superficial surface level connections with a ton of people. The big reason here is because when you go broad, when you go after everybody, you're forced to naturally water down your message. It becomes more vanilla, it becomes more bland. And it has to, because if you are being specific about someone's unique pains and unique problems, well, it wouldn't be appealing or interesting to, like, everybody else. So, therefore, you have to make it broad. And when you're broad, you're boring and everybody just ignores you. And you sound like 99% of the other businesses and marketers out there saying the same things, like we offer higher quality and we offer better service and all of that stuff that everybody's heard a million times before and they're completely blind and deaf to. So the best way to solve this is to move on to our next point here, which is that you need an ICA. ICA is marketing talk for ideal customer avatar. I'm not completely strict on this exact fictional representation of your ideal customer. And you've got to give them a name and a hair color, and they've got to wear this kind of shoes and listen to this kind of music. I don't think that's necessary. It's helpful at times, what I think is more important is that you get really clear around the commonalities, the common characteristics that your top customers, your top clients, your top audience members have in common. And we typically divide this into three different categories. The first of which being demographic. So what's their age, their gender, their income, their occupation, their title, all of those stereotypical marketing things that we associate. Number two, what are their geographic details? What city, state, province, country, where do they live? Number three, they're psychographic details. This is all of the head stuff. And this is where the bulk of your ICA should really be formed. So what are their values, their attitudes, their interests, their beliefs, their organizations, their political affiliations, their lifestyles, things that make them them. After all, we often want to group people into these broad buckets, like men or women or this age or that age. But the reality is depending on what product or service you sell, you may have a wide range of that. And it may be more problem based. On the other hand, you may also have multiple different ICAs, ideal customer avatars. That's cool too. I'm all right if you've got like, look, we work well with women who are 20 to 25 and we also work well with men who are 40 to 45, but those two different ICAs are gonna have different pains and problems and fears and frustrations. We'll talk about that in just a second. So you can serve them both, but you need to serve them both with different messages. You simply can't appeal to them by using the same generic, broad, bland terminology 'cause you're just gonna turn the other one off by talking about things that are completely irrelevant to them. So you have an ICA, but make sure that it's specific and you can have multiple. And on that note, the way to dive into that is with the psychographic details of their values and attitudes and interests and beliefs. And I call that their miracles and miseries. So let me find my pen, and let's talk about that now. All right, so when it comes to creating your ideal customer avatar, when it comes to thinking about your audience, your clients, your customers, the money is, the value, the real results that you're going to get from your marketing come down to identifying their Now there's this great expression that I love that says customers don't buy when they understand, they buy when they feel understood. The way to make them feel understood is with this. So their miracles that's over here, that's all the things that they want, their needs, their desires, their dreams, all of the things that they wish would happen, the desired end state of where they're trying to get. And then of course, over here, you've got their miseries. These are their fears, their problems, their pains, their frustrations, all of the things that they're trying to get away from, at least in regards to your business and to your offer. You need to identify what these are and ideally drill down into which the most important and the most painful ones are. And then what the most desirable end states are, because then you're going to be able to position your business as the bridge that takes them from miracle, oh, here we go. Memo to self: I gotta buy some smaller tip markers, but that's it. This is your business right there. Your business's job, your offer, your product, your service, whatever it is that you sell, it's only mission is to move them away from their current state that they're in right now, that they don't want to be in, whatever that pain is, and towards the desired end state. And the better that you're able to communicate that, which is essentially the job of marketing, it's to communicate the value of what you have to them in regards to your offer, your product, your service. The better you're able to do that, the more likely you are to get somebody to take action and to actually buy from you and move them here. And this is where the conversions happen. It's right here. It's moving them away from miseries and towards miracles. And on that note, let's hit the next point here, which is a very cliched thing to say, but I wanna break it down a little bit more. There's this super cliched saying in marketing that says you want to sell the benefits, not the features or sell the sizzle, not the steak. The problem is, is that like most cliches, there's that element of truth to it that's absolutely the fact here, is like when it comes to marketing and to representing what it is that you're selling and what you're trying to promote, it's not about the features, it's about what those features are going to deliver through the benefits. That's what they're after. They don't care about features. They care about how those features are going to positively impact them. So yes, we can make a cursory mention of the features. We gotta highlight them. We'll talk about them. And we'll talk about kind of the flip side of that in just a second, but the real value is in the benefit. Now, one of my favorite examples and it kind of stems from like, "Hey, sell me this pen." Well, it comes down to, this pen doesn't actually have a pen cap, but we're gonna use that analogy anyway. It's sort of like, well, why does the pen have a pen cap or fictional pen cap? And the reason that this pen has a pen cap and the benefits it provides, that's what we wanna highlight. So the feature is a pen cap. The benefits is, well, it prevents you from getting ink all over yourself. And then of course we could elaborate on that. We could explain it a little further and so on. A bit of a side note, do you know why pen caps have like those tiny little holes? I dunno if you've got a pen around, you can find one, but like they've got those little holes on the pen lid, it's actually so if you swallow it, you don't choke to death. Random, hey. Anyway, the reason that benefits work significantly better than features, is because benefits are emotionally driven, and emotion is far more powerful driver than logic. It doesn't mean we can't have logic. It doesn't mean we shouldn't use logic. We absolutely should, but emotion is the money maker. That's what compels somebody to take action. When they feel it, like, deep down in their core, this is going to make my life better. This is going to help me achieve the goals that I want. This is going to increase my status. This is going to make me healthier or happier or wealthier or any of those intrinsic drivers that we have as humans, when we're able to properly communicate that, that's when conversions happen. That's when sales happen. Now here's the kicker. When you're first creating your marketing, whether it's through an ad or a sales page or a social media post or an email or anything like that, we always wanna highlight the benefits. And then of course, we're gonna talk about the features. But if for some reason, people don't convert, we flip it. And then the next time, we lead with features and we back up the benefits. And the reason that we do this is because we know that emotion is a significantly more powerful driver than logic, but logic still has a part. Not to mention, it's not that some people are, or it's not just that some people are more emotional than logical. We all know those people that fall on one end of the spectrum or another, but it's also that we, as people, we have days where we're more emotional or more logical. And within those days, we have hours where we're more emotional and more logical and there's situations and circumstances that you can't always control for, which is why we really want to cover our bases. We wanna, of course, lead with emotion, 'cause it's the most powerful driver, but we want to back it up with logic. The next time somebody interacts with us, if we tried emotion and it didn't work, we'll lead with logic and we'll back it up with emotion, and we'll kind of go back and forth. We'll sprinkle in social proof. We'll sprinkle in other forms of testimonials, we'll sprinkle in guarantees and risk reversals. We'll use all of the tools in our toolbox as marketers to get somebody to take action, knowing full well that we don't have control over where they're at right now in their current situation. And it's funny, I didn't actually plan this, but this actually kind of leads us full circle back to that beginning statement of minimum effective dose of you're simply probably not doing enough if you're not getting the results that you want. I mean, you can see here, when we look over the rule of seven and the mere exposure effect, we need to go deep. We need to have ICAs, talk about their miracles and miseries. We need to highlight benefits. And if that doesn't work, we go for the logical element. And then we go back to benefits. All of this is going to take time. It's gonna take energy, and it's gonna take investment in your marketing, which is why if you're at this stage right now where it's just not delivering the results that you want, you need to do more. Now of course, I'm not gonna leave you hanging with just that, which is why I'm gonna link up a video right here that's gonna show you a digital marketing strategy that's going to help. So make sure to check it out now, and we'll see you in the next video. Now the worst offense here is not having a marketing funnel or more accurately not thinking about your marketing funnel and instead, just hoping and wishing.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Adamerhartvideo [36 likes]: 🐙 Want my FREE step-by-step course?Just tap ‘LIKE’ 👍 and drop a quick comment below and I’ll send it your way. No catch, just pure value.
(And if you know someone who needs this, feel free to share it. They’ll think you’re a genius 😎)
  2. @BeingLoveth [1 likes]: As a beginner I understand things require time. I am starting to learn how to go live online to boost my confidence.
  3. @FrankieSnyder-w3u: Good time of day, how much time does it take to get a result?
  4. @outlaw1law2guns16: 3 year old vod talking about this year? Your an idiot...
  5. @leadnicely: Consistency is key 100%
  6. @DominiqueHarris-t9k: Can you answer, is there any formula that would calculate ineffective keywords?
  7. @JuliaFlatcher-v6v: Hello, can you tell me more effective ways to promote, not expensive?
  8. @IronBargeman-e2z: Interesting stuff, but my question is, can an account be blocked for any settings or lack thereof? I don't know what to do with the account anymore
  9. @RosamundGill: Can you tell me where to look for customer preferences? What are they buying now?
  10. @CamiJulissa: Helpful and informative 👍
  11. @Kinhdoanhlàmgiàu-v3v: thank for this valuable information
  12. @ORIXEMPIRE-y5r: Hi
  13. @TiberiaMihailescu: nice
  14. @AnttiLehtovaara: Perfect
  15. @BarbaraWard-n6y: Focus on understanding your customer's feelings about their problem, not just the problem itself, to truly connect with them. Consistency and delivering genuine value are the bedrock of any successful 2024 marketing strategy. Thanks for the actionable insights!
  16. @eirisgoy90: I really want ro watch your video, you did a great job. But my friend you talk too much. I had to stop your video and watch it another time.
  17. @skyperfai: Why this back ground music make me crazy can’t focus with your continent is it restaurants dinner time 🤦‍♀️
  18. @YNOT-eg3pj: This was amazing. I am going to use these tips to engage more students in my college counseling practice.
  19. @jasonthompson2121: Silver PRS and a Mesa goes hard
  20. @Jurissic: Hey! 3 emails a week is way too much

- ​The NEW Facebook Ads Strategy Dominating in 2026: Kind: captions Language: en Facebook ads are completely different than they were just 12 months ago, especially with all the huge updates like gem and Andromeda. And the brands and advertisers who figured out what was working early have had a major advantage for the last 6 to 8 months while basically everyone else is trying to figure out what the heck happened. [music] In just the last 6 months we've managed $35 million across the accounts that we manage at the Moonlighters. We work with brands in all categories across nearly every single vertical. And over the last few months we've been taking a completely different approach to the way that we structure our ad accounts. We've had multiple brands that we work with increase their overall revenue to all-time highs after the fourth quarter. Just like this member of my community who grew and scaled their business from $66,000 per month to $100,000 per week. So, in this video I'm going to break down high-level what this exact strategy is and what's changed. And then I'm also going to show you step-by-step in the ads manager how to create the prospecting side of this system completely for yourself. So, to properly understand what's changed, you first need to know what used to work. Now, what's worked for us for the last 3 years prior to this major shift was a system that looked just like this. I'll take you through it very briefly. Essentially, we had a core prospecting campaign where we launched a broad packs every week or so and we launched individual creatives in each of those packs. We then scaled the best creatives that spent the most and drove the most amount of revenue into a scaling campaign that lived at the top of the account. After this prospecting campaign, we would set up a retargeting campaign that had 14-day Facebook and Instagram engagers, 30-day visitors, and 90-day add to carts. You should always know that in all these cases for both old and new strategy that they are always subject to change based on the brand. And then finally, we would set up a retention campaign. This is for your existing customers, people who previously purchased from you. And we would target all-time purchasers and 180-day purchasers. Now, here's what's changed because it's fundamentally shift because of Andromeda. Our prospecting structure looks a whole lot sexy and a whole lot more complex, but don't worry, it's not overwhelming. If you're already using what we used to call the M3 method, then the M4 method, which I'm going to break down in terms of the structure, is exactly the same minus a few changes. Is actually going to be a very easy transition for you, whether you're using an old structure, new structure, or if this is your very first time seeing this. In the M4 method, we have a core prospecting CBO campaign, multiple ad sets with all minimum budgets, and don't forget I'm going to show you exactly how to set this up. And we are grouping our creatives by avatar or concept. We then have the same retention campaign to hit our existing customers with all-time purchasers and 180-day purchasers mixed in. And the ads that we're showing these folks in particular are evergreen ads, sale ads, new products, and upsells and downsells. And then one of the biggest sweeping changes is now our retargeting campaign is optional. Now, this is optional based on the data in your ad account. So, you have to be skilled enough to actually understand if you should have it or not. But basically, you're looking at your audience breakdowns and you're making a determination based on the data on whether or not you should have a retargeting campaign or not. Okay, so let's get into the ad account. I'm going to show you everything step by step. And by the way, if you want the full in-depth tutorials on this, I'm talking eight plus hours of the entire M4 method, structure, creative, deep dives, advanced optimizations, and digging deeper into how to actually scale in this method, then you can click the link down in the description or go to school.com/facebook. We are the fastest growing e-commerce community with over 400 brands right now scaling of every shape and size, whether you are just starting out or you're an extremely advanced operator. We have people that are spending $100,000 a day and people that are spending their very first dollar on Meta Ads right now along with the live Q&As every single week where you can ask me any question and even if it's not the day of that live Q&A, you can ask me a question right now in the school community and guarantee an answer by the end of the day today. We're going to be setting a campaign budget and just for this example, I'm going to set my daily budget to $100 per day. It doesn't matter. This is just a placeholder. We're keeping our campaign bid strategy at highest volume or value and then we're not editing our budget scheduling. You should have here in your engaged audience, your add to cart 90 and your 30-day site visitor and then for your existing customers, anyone who's purchased over all time. Next thing is we're going to go into our ad set. Now, this is going to be pack number one. Every single time we launch a new pack, we're thinking about the avatar in that pack. So, we're grouping our ad concepts by avatar and by concept. So, in this case, I would name my pack number one and I would put my avatar name plus concept name. For my website location, I'm choosing website. For my performance goal, I have two choices here. Maximize number of conversions or maximize value of conversions. If everything you sell in your business is the same price, I would generally recommend number of conversions. If you require people to buy multiple times, meaning more items to the cart to get over the free shipping threshold, then you can choose value of conversions. In many cases, it's actually strategically positive to run both of these and have two separate campaigns, but that is a conversation that is way more complex. Next, we're selecting our correct data set and we're always choosing the conversion event, purchase. If you do not see the conversions API tag right here, be warned and go into your data set and make sure your conversions API is set up. We don't want duplicate data. We always want to be set up with the correct accurate data coming into the pixel. Without that, to be completely honest, you are doomed. The correct data into the pixel is so critical. So, you click purchase right here, and then you're going to have the prompted option to choose a ROAS goal. For now, we're not selecting that. If you chose max number of conversions here, you're going to see cost per result goal. We are not choosing that as well. Our attribution model is going to be standard, although there are times when incremental makes sense. We're going to choose standard for now, and then we're going to change our attribution setting to 7-day click, 1-day engaged, 1-day view. By the time you're watching this, the upcoming changes to engage view attribution are going to be more clear. They're going to be public to everyone. We have beta tested this in multiple accounts because we have early access, and I can confidently tell you that running 7-day, 1-day, 1-day is going to long-term be more beneficial, or at least give you the most amount of signals for your pixel. Next, we are on the budget and schedule section. The budget and schedule section here is different than it ever has been. We are actually going to be setting ad set spending limits. Now, if this is your first pack and your only pack, then you don't need to set a limit. The limit is actually only going to be applied when we're launching new packs moving forward. So, think about it like this. If I had pack number one avatar and concept, and I launched this this week, and then a couple weeks went by, and I launched new creatives, then it would be time for me to actually set an ad set spending limit. Now, because you're watching this, you're probably smart enough to actually understand that I don't need to duplicate a bunch of ad sets to show you one setting change, but all you need to know is that every time you launch a new pack, you're going to be setting an ad set spending limit typically equal to one time your target CPA. So, for this case, we're clicking set a minimum. We're choosing use dollar value, and we're setting our minimum equal to our target CPA. If you're only spending a little bit of money, then you might not have the flexibility to do this. This is going to be most applicable and most effective for businesses that are spending a lot. If you're spending a thousand dollars a day, two thousand, five thousand dollars a day, this is going to be particularly helpful to actually get the most amount of spend to your best ads while also testing a small amount on new ads that are running. Next, we're going down to our audience settings. Obviously, include all the locations that you can target, and I don't mind grouping these locations in one. For your minimum age, truly set this to your minimum age. Don't lie to Facebook. Don't put 21-plus if you actually aren't exclusively limited to 21-plus. In most cases, it's better to go broad and then narrow down later. Next, we go to exclude these custom audiences. This is very important. This changed recently in the new Facebook UI. This used to be something that was a suggestion. It's no longer a suggestion. If you exclude these audiences, as we can see from the info button here, any custom audiences added here will be excluded from the audience for this ad set. So, if we go back to our flowchart here, because right now the only thing we're focusing on is prospecting here, which are new customer acquisition, and then retention here, which is milking as much cash out of our existing customers. Here, in the prospecting campaign, we need to exclude everything here in the retention campaign. And we are excluding anyone all time who's purchased. So, this is going to be from a Clavio or a CRM list manually uploaded into Facebook, which you could also insert right here. In your audience settings, this is a small change that might have a big difference. Change your languages to the actual languages that your ads are written in. Do not allow your ads to be auto-translated into a bunch of different languages, especially if they don't apply to those languages. If everything you're doing is in English, do not allow all languages to be targeted. So, instead, if I was running English ads, I would choose English all, and then awkwardly I would type it again, and type it again, and I would choose English all, English UK, English US. In this next section here, this is where we could quote suggest an audience. This is the launchpad that Facebook works with. 99% of the time, I am leaving this blank. We could sit back and let this work from here. That is how we set up our ad set. There is nothing that we're doing on the placement side. We're just simply allowing Facebook to run wherever it wants. The analysis happens after we run the ads, not before. And we're not over optimizing, we're just having some control at the ad set level. So, we have our first ad set, our first pack created. Now, when we add new packs, new creatives, whenever they're available for us, all we're doing is we're duplicating the exact same ad set. We're changing this from pack one to pack two. We're including whatever unique avatar and concept we are launching here. And if you're launching iterations, then mention that it's iterations. We're keeping all of these settings exactly the same, and then we're launching the new ads inside of this new pack. Now, the next phase of this setup is interests. Interest groups follow a very similar function, except there's a small tweak. In this case, we're quickly duplicating our pack. We're changing this instead of from pack two to interest underscore winners. In the interest group, we are only running our best-performing ads over all time. Truly testing the interest, not testing the ads. So, in terms of our ad set settings, everything in the conversion block stays exactly the same. Our budget and schedule generally will not need an ad set minimum, cuz we're launching our best-performing ads. If you cannot get the interest to spend, don't be afraid to set an optional minimum spend here. And then when it comes to your audience, this is where things do in fact change. We're going to click further limit the reach of our ads, switch setup. You might have a couple of different toggles there. Just make sure you're always clicking further limit, further limit, further limit. We're then going to detail targeting. Describe your audience before. Don't worry, just go to use original options, and then go into here, and what you are doing is selecting a single interest target. You are not selecting a whole lot of targets, you're selecting a single interest, and you want it to be adjacent to your brand. For example, if I was Nike, I would not select Adidas. I would not select Reebok. I would not select Under Armour. Those are exactly the same as who I'm currently targeting. The point of an interest is to expand your audience. So, if I was Nike, what I would target instead is something like Range Rover because Range Rover is a different group of people, kind of like Nike likes to position as a luxury brand. Now, in time with this kind of a setup, you're going to notice you start to launch a lot of packs and you might find 30, 40, 50 active ad sets. Now, that is all fine if you're scaling the actual ad spend as you're launching new packs. But, if you're not scaling your ad spend and you're stuck at a specific ad spend or you don't even want to and you just want to get a slightly higher return on ad spend, then you're going to have to pause down certain ad sets and certain ads to maintain a good flow and allow the account to breathe. And the next stage of this is setting up your retention-based audience. This is an algorithm-friendly approach that gives you some control. And the reason it works so well is because it allows you to actually see where your ad spend is going so that when you increase your spend, you actually know if it's going to new customer acquisition and not being wasted on engaging existing customers that were likely to convert anyway. But, as you can imagine, not only is this strategy hard to implement, maintain, and grow, but it requires a whole lot of oversight. I'm not going to pretend this is the easiest strategy to run. But, the strategy that I just showed you is legitimately going to be rolled out for over 100 businesses that are on pace to spend over 75 million dollars in the next year. So, if you're a brand that's scaling and you actually want this implemented for you, then click the link down in the description or go to the moonlighters.com/apply. And if you're not the right fit to work with us today, then you could also go to school.com/facebook where I teach everything in slow motion along with live Q&As that you can access me anytime. And finally, if you don't want to pay for anything, then everything on this YouTube channel, including this video right here where I walk through my entire creative strategy, is 100% free. As always, I hope you got a ton of value out of this video, and I will see you very soon.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Brandolin-nl6ul [1 likes]: How does it not get affcted by fragmentation? I have tried running multiple ad sets under a CBO campaign. The campaigns fell apart because of the fragmentation (Our Ads competing witth our other ads)
  2. @paulomiguel20 [1 likes]: Can you make a video suggesting the best or a good way to spend a $100 daily budget?
  3. @SamPiliero: 👉 Work with me and my team: go.themoonlighters.com/apply-l151
👉 Join my coaching program: go.themoonlighters.com/skool-l151
  4. @screenboiler: Once you find the winners do you move them out of the prospecting campaign and into a scaling campaign?
  5. @screenboiler: Does this work for local home service businesses? Like home remodeling and bathroom/kitchen remodeling companies? Spending $100 a day
  6. @Heiasat_Design_3D: WHAT ABOUT THE OVERLAPPING
  7. @Armaansway: Hey Sam, great video! Quick question on the Round 2 strategy (broad pack 2). If I'm using CBO and I add a new Round 2 ad set into the same campaign, won't that 'starve' my Round 1 winner of budget? How do you prevent the new ad set from stealing spend and disturbing the performance of the winner that's already working? and what about Starting the learning phase again, doing that won't start learning phase again for the 1st round version?
  8. @kanisshka5509: But why the scaling campaign gone?
  9. @ВанесаГеоргиева-р1о: Hi, I wanted to ask can we create an ABO ad campaign or it is necessary to be a a CBO?
  10. @igorevich2867: Thank you, Sam. You often break down ASC and CBO strategies. But what about cases where there are specific SKUs that have already proven their performance both with and without ads — meaning these SKUs sell well on their own?

If we follow your strategy and, for example, add 6 SKUs into ASC like I do, the budget gets heavily diluted, and only 1–3 creatives actually receive spend. This doesn’t really solve the goal of selling the truly strong models. Out of 6 products, only 1–2 will end up selling. What do you think?
  11. @pranavkrishnan7662: i am running on 3 ads for now, all diff concepts, should i add them to a new adset or keep them in one also wb image ads?
all image ads in one adset or mix with video?
  12. @yahoyaho92: This is so much helping me! Thank you so very much! 

I have a quick question.
You mentioned that you can maintain ad-sets as long as they are above the certain level of ROAS. 
What about individual ads in ad-sets? Can I turn them off if they do not perform well in good performing ad-sets?
  13. @meuplanob9601: So, in this new approach, you no longer create an "Engaged" campaign?
I remember excluding engaged leads from the last 30 or 90 days during the "prospecting" phase.
  14. @ggcrp6068: Will the ad account time zone (UK) cause any issues when running ads in the US market
  15. @Icontrading-u2g: Do you start with CBO and not ABO?
  16. @Ahfdh-o4v: Is the main difference from before that the first ad group doesn’t include any audience interests or similar criteria? Also, I don’t understand why we’re using the minimum budget instead of the maximum budget for the test ad group. If the minimum budget isn’t fully spent, isn’t that money wasted? Using the maximum budget would essentially set a fixed testing budget for the group.
  17. @michaeltrumbull3769: Sam - Thanks for the updates here - these have been very helpful. In the M3 strategy, within your prospecting CBO you had previous EXCLUDED ATC 90 and Site Visitor 30. Are you saying with the new updates, those exclusions should be removed, and only Existing customers (List + Purchasers 180) should be listed as excluded audiences? So we are going to let meta run a split and hybrid new / retargeting campaign? And does this apply down thru the scale campaign (seeing scale as optional at this point too). Let me know if the above sounds right. Cheers
  18. @MartinBenesCreative: This video was published in march 2026. Why in your vidoe it says that some upcoming changes will be available in August 2025? Feels like meta is broken again even right now in front of your eyes.
  19. @libertariancountry: You do creative testing in CBO? hmm. I use ABO. Is that bad?
  20. @basharbagdad3978: So on testing faze its not ABO? I thought testing faze its with ABO and when scaling its for CBO..?

- The Best Facebook Ad Creative Strategy for 2026: Kind: captions Language: en In this video, I'll be breaking down the single best creative ad strategy for 2026 [music] so that you can make killer high-erforming ad creatives in Facebook ads. This is the exact creative strategy that we're deploying over our 100 plus brands at the Moonlighters and the same exact creative strategy that I've shared within my school community [music] to nearly 300 brands right now. And this will 100% work no matter what category in. Whether you're in fashion, beauty, wellness, you name it. The old school way of creating ads would be a very simple workflow. You would think of an ad idea or your media buyer would say, "Hey, we need new ads. Maybe here's what's working." Then you would go and create new ads that look similar to the ones you've created before. Or if you had a new concept, something you thought might work well, you would go ahead and create it. Then you'd come into the Facebook ads manager. You'd upload it all as a single image or video. and you'd sit here writing painfully your primary text, your headlines, your descriptions. So, what we want to do instead is creating a system that increases the likelihood of finding winning ads. You can go ahead and pump out a,000 ads in an hour. You can go ahead and make a bunch of fake UGC or hire a bunch of creators or make a bunch of videos for yourself, but in reality, your win rate is going to be very low. The ads we're going to focus on today are going to have very high win rates. So instead of duplicating your best performing ads, we're going to be way more focused on a combination of new concepts, iterations, and variations, which are all very different things in the newest Andromeda updates and gem algorithmic changes to meta. So let's talk through the new way of doing this. So to start our system, what we're going to be building is a creative flywheel. This is going to be a predictable system that pumps out winning ads. So of course, at the top of every single creative machine or creative flywheel are new ads. And to source those new ads, they're going to come from two different places. And we're going to start from the single most important place. And that of course is going to be your competitors. Now, there's a free way to do this and there's a paid way to do this. I'm going to use the paid way. You could use the free way. I'm going to show you both really simply. First, the free way. We go into Facebook ads library. We click all ads and you go ahead and search one by one each of the competitors that are most relevant to your business. So, in this example, I'm just going to pretend that I'm the brand Vori. They're a sportsware kind of athleisure brand. One of their main competitors is Lululemon. So, what I would do if I was Viori is I would type in Lululemon. We're then going to select their page and we're able to see every single ad that Lululemon is currently running. And as you can see right here, they have hundreds of active ads in their account right now. So, I'm trying to think and clock what of these can I use as inspiration. What you really want to do is look at what ads have either been live the longest or spent the most. So, obvious things you could look out for are anything that says low impression count. You could very well and easily know that that is not a high performing ad. Or you could scroll all the way down to the bottom, which might take a minute depending on what brand you're looking at and look for ads that have been spending for the longest period of time. Now, what I like to do is use a program called Magic Brief. This is a paid platform. We're not sponsored by them, but it's the easiest way to show you everything. And we can see Lululemon right here is running 2382 active ads. We can see a quick overview of all the ads that they're running. And I could scroll through everything really easy. And I could download all of this imagery if I want to. Now, you might notice this looked a little bit different than Facebook ads library. And that's because they're running ads from different pages. So on the ad library, you might have to search through a variety of different pages from Lululemon and you might have to change the active status to all available ads because some of their ads might be paused after certain periods of time. And I want to give you a pro tip here. If you're a small brand and you're in the athletic leisure space, do not compare yourself to Lululemon. Don't compare yourself to Nike. Think about brands that are a step or two above you. If you're doing a million dollars in revenue, think of a brand that's doing 10 million. find and strike that balance between brands that are not too big. I'm never going to take inspiration from Nike, but not too small where they're not driving any sales, of course. So, once we find the brand and the creative that we are interested in, what we're looking for are the ads that have run the longest. We're looking for ads that have been most active for this brand. And I'm looking for real concepts here. Now, let's use this ad concept by Lululemon, which has run for 469 days. is they launched this in October of 2024. I am able to now take this ad, this carousel that they've developed here and use this as inspiration. We can recreate this very easily if I was Viori. So now in this example here, I'm just adding inspiration from competitive ads. You should be taking their videos, their statics, their gifts, their carousels, and build a true collection of concepts that you can identify. Each of these three are completely different concepts. You should be able to note and expand that each of these can be heavily expanded on. You should extrapolate out dozens of different iterations of this. You can make this exact ad if I was VRE versus Lululemon for every single product if I know it's a winning concept. But keep in mind, this is just scratching the surface. You can do this for every single one of your competitors. Identify trends and find common threads of creative that generally work in your category. Then take those threads, take those concepts and build them for yourself. Once you've created the concepts from your competitors, you've built them for yourselves. You've then launched your own new ads. What do you do next? This part is going to sound a little too easy. You wait. But it's not just about waiting. You have to make sure things are set up properly with those new ads to be able to have that luxury to actually wait and be patient. Now, we like to launch all of our new ads inside of a prospecting CBO campaign. The idea here is pretty simple. We want competition within our own ad account. And that works in a very simple way. Every time we have new creatives, they get launched into a new ad set. It could be anywhere from two creatives, one creative, 10 creatives, 15 creatives. Generally, four to eight creatives is the sweet spot. But don't over complicate it. Every time new ads get launched, they get launched into a new ad set. When those ads get launched into a new adset, over time, you're going to have a lot of new adets. And as you can see on my lefth hand side here, we're up to Broadpack 76. That means we have over 76 adsets that we've launched and tested for this brand. You're going to wonder, how on earth do any of these new ads get any sort of spend? Because the old ads are going to hog all the spend. I hear this all the time, even for brands that are just starting out. So, what we've done to basically counteract this is when we go into the adset, we go down to the budget and schedule section, and we click ads set spending limits. From here, we click set a minimum or maximum. We change the percent value to dollar value and we enter an average daily minimum equal to 1x the cost per acquisition target. If your cost per acquisition target is 50, you put this to 50. It is literally as simple as that. There's one point of tracking that you need to do on your side. Set a calendar invite. Set an alarm. I don't care what you have to do. Just make sure you get back to this in seven days. These never stay on for more than seven days at a time. Now, you might ask, why do we even do this? The problem is most ads just take too much time to get the adequate levels of spend and be tested. This keeps you in a non-stop waiting cycle where your ad account doesn't grow fast enough. Instead of waiting all of this time, this giant section here, and then eventually the ad scales or the ad dies because it's not good, we want to shortline this. And the way that we shortline this is we set that ad set budget minimum equal to 1x the cost per acquisition, which instead only forces the spend for a few days. And then if the ad's a winner, it scales quicker. If it's a loser, it stays at that set spend. Now, the beauty of this is you're going to look back within that 7-day window and decide, am I willing to spend more on this ad, or should we just remove the adset minimum? If you remove the minimum, the ad's going to spend less. If you keep the minimum, it will continue to spend at the same, which is most likely what you do not want to do. And in most cases, if it's above, it's a winning ad. If you remove the minimum, it's still going to spend above the threshold. So, it's a win-win scenario. Okay. So, we've developed new ads. We set ads set minimum budgets. We've waited. We've removed those adset minimum budgets. And now, it's time to take some more action. Now, this is where the flywheel really begins. It is in the analysis. So, what we want to do is go back into our ad account, make sure we're in our prospecting campaign. We're going to go to our column set, compare attribution settings, and select incremental attribution. Then, sort your entire ad account by highest spending to lowest spending. In most cases, I like to look at all my ads at once, but it's also important to break things down into different groupings depending on products, categories, whatever else is going on within your business. Know that there are nuances to everything I am talking about. Looking through all of our ads to keep this as fundamentally simple as possible. In this case, last 14 days, we spent $97,000 at a 1.42 return on ad spend. Our incremental return on ad spend is 1.23. What I am looking for here are highspending ads, outsized results on high-spending ads and above our threshold for return on ad spend. And we can see we have one very clear standout, followed by a few others that I'm very interested in. Now, the incremental return on ad spend for new customers that this brand cares about is around a 1.1 return on ad spend, which I know sounds crazy to many people, but that is just what this brand functions at. For these guys, we need to be above that 1.1. And we can see in this case we're well above at scale $26,000 in spend which represents over 25% of the total spend in this campaign at a 1.46 way above our threshold. We can also see there's a few that are just at the threshold 1.13 1.16. We're not going to touch those for now. And then we have a few more that are actually high spending, well above the threshold here, a 1.5, 1.38, and a 1.43. Our duty now is to take the best performing ads that have high spend and are above our threshold and recreate and iterate off of these ads. And this is where the flywheel makes its way full circle. The analysis that we just did is going to provide and yield clear concepts. These concepts are going to be winning ads. We then are taking these winning ads just like we did for our competitors and we are creating duplicates, variants, iterations of these winning ads. Eventually, what this does for us is it solidifies core concepts in our ad account. Now, you can see you literally just do the same thing over and over and over and over and over again. But don't forget, as you're creating these new concepts, as your ad account is growing, you need to make sure you're upping your spend along the way. It doesn't mean you have to increase your spend. It just means that you should not be afraid of things like the learning phase or increasing spend in general. The goal here is to grow accounts. This is not a system for maintaining your account. This is a system for growth. So when you run this flywheel for weeks and weeks and months and you're consistent, this is an example of the result that you will get. You will find winning concepts. Those concepts will be matched to audiences and each of these concepts is going to perform at a different rate. For example, let's say your target is 2x return on ad spend. Concept number one might return at that 2x and might spend 10k. Concept number two might return at a 3x but only be able to spend 3K. Concept number four might return at a ridiculous 10x but guess what? It could only spend 500 bucks. And then finally, concept number four might spend at a 2.2, but it does so at 50k spend. Old school Facebook would want you to only run the 10x, right? Just keep smashing the 10x. New school Facebook, Andromeda Facebook wants you to focus on all of these concepts. All of these add profit to your business. Now, you should care way more about your bank account, your actual profit. And that is exactly what we want to be doing in the sense of creating concepts and matching those concepts to audiences. And don't care as much about an ad that runs a 5x versus a 2x. As long as 2x is profitable, we want to run both. So, this flywheel usually starts to produce winning clear concepts. And you can see here, this is a concept from the brand Talentless that they can continue to build out. They can make variants around the same exact thing and they already have. We have another talentless example here. Now, they've been using this exact concept for literally a year. They take different products, different model shots, and they group it together with these semi in between shots, like these trio shots almost with just a very simple headline. We then have another concept that they've merged. So, they started with concept A and concept B and then they duped in. So they merged two concepts which are concept up here, concept number two and concept number one to create concept number three. We then have another concept by them and you can see they've created variants of this for all of their collections. You will stack concepts if you do this over and over and over again. And that right there is how you create a creative machine. One of the most important things when you're running Facebook ads is having that creative machine to fuel your account and scale. Now, if this has been helpful and you like this style of content and you want to access my entire system, tutorials, SOPs, literally the internal trainings that we use at the Moonlighters to service over a 100 brands as well as live Q&As, then click the link down in the description or go to school.com/fas where we have a massive community, the fastest growing Facebook ads community on school right now with literally nothing held back. That's all for today's video. I hope you got a ton of value out of this and I will see you in the next

  Top Comments:
  1. @isshanth_karthic [1 likes]: w value
  2. @shopadonisking [1 likes]: great video
  3. @LuxemShop [1 likes]: Hello i m watching you from Tunisia , i like you concept , thank you
  4. @Samu-pl1jh [1 likes]: I'm hearing that many performance marketeers are moving to a '1 campaign,1 ad set, +/- 20 creatives' campaign structure, what are your thoughts on that? Im seeing you're using it differently. Since the andromeda does the seperation between prospecting vs. retargeting still make sense?
  5. @viniciuspinho7862 [1 likes]: thanks
  6. @joaodantas1705 [1 likes]: good!
  7. @SamPiliero: 👉 Work with me and my team: go.themoonlighters.com/apply-l137
👉 Join my coaching program: go.themoonlighters.com/skool-l137
  8. @screenboiler: Does this technique work with local service based businesses? Like bathroom and kitchen remodelers?
  9. @screenboiler: Does this strategy work for local home service companies?
  10. @SeanMeyerhofer: Great video, one question: you mention cutting the minimum spend per day after 7 days, and mention it should be 1x your CPA target, however, you don't mention the equivalent ratio of spend at the campaign level. My question is how much should we set the CBO budget for relative to how much we'll be spending each day on minimum spend for those ads? Maybe a ratio number or smth would help, obv it must be more or equal to what you plan to spend in total per ad set....thanks in advance!
  11. @AmyNeville: So you create an adset with new creatives and when you know the winner do you just keep that adset or duplicate to another adset with winners already in it.. this is the part that confuses me. I have 4 completely different audiences we sell things to Seniors, Lone Workers, Personal Safety and Disabled people so we have ads for each of these areas dont want to put in same bucket but not sure best structure..
  12. @moritzasche3060: How to decide wich budget the campaign should have?
  13. @elitefitnesschios: Amazing content. Just a quick question is this applicable to lead form ads or we need different strategy? Also is your skool good fit for a service/ physical business like a gym?
  14. @crescitaly: The 1x CPA minimum spend trick on new ad sets is genuinely the highest-leverage change I made this year. Before, winning concepts would sit with $3 spend for days because old ads were hogging everything. Pushed minimum to $45 (our CPA) for 7 days, removed it after, and win-rate on tested concepts jumped from ~8% to 31%. Also the Andromeda insight on running 2x AND 10x ROAS concepts side by side instead of cutting the lower one — total profit went up $9,200 in 3 weeks because we stopped strangling the volume plays.
  15. @socioleadz: Great video, can you tell me if we should run 4-5 or more ads simultaneously for a completely new ad account and with a lower ad budget for ad spend (less than $1k) and how to figure out how many adsets and ads we should run in any certain ad spend?
  16. @davidpu3104: Dude i just watched this video and is pure gold, I mean, I do a similar strategy BUT doing what youre saying make my strategy better! WAY BETTER.
  17. @andrewnevermind4902: 1. Get chat gpt.
2. Use AI to improve your SEO.
3. Use AI to improve alt text on images.
4. Ask AI to help implement changes ready for Shopify integration.
5. Stop paying facebook for old rope.
  18. @ZeinabHassan79: please can you dub your videos with arabic egypt please I like your channel
  19. @ricottacheese245: thank you!!!
  20. @bruidbarrett: One of the best videos on the topic thank you

- How to Analyze Facebook Ads Data the Right Way (The 2026 Guide): Kind: captions Language: en analyzing meta ads data is well complicated in fact in 2025 many advertisers are still focusing on the wrong metrics like clickthrough rate CPM or CPC so in this video I'm going to show you exactly how to analyze Facebook ads data the right way from the beginner to expert level this way you can scale smarter and not waste your money so if you ever felt like you were missing something critical when analyzing your ad campaigns this video is for you here's our agenda here's everything that we're going to go through today first my 2025 updated column setup in ads manager and then we're going to go over the tools I use to make data different decisions like motion and triple wh then we're going to explore some Advanced Data this is actually the data that I find nearly all advertisers even experts tend to miss out on one last thing I also have a free creative reporting checklist that you guys can download in the link in the description bar below but more on that in a bit so these right here are all of the metrics that I'm going to be tracking inside of ads manager and here's exactly what it looks like so first you're going to see we have the delivery column set up this campaign ran a few months ago so the campaign is off and we also have the bid strategy and attribution setting right here now if you guys have any questions about the different types of bidding strategies or even the different types of attribution settings please let me know in the comments I'm more than happy to jam on that there or even make future videos about it but if you're just starting off I would highly suggest for your bidding strategy to do highest volume and for your attribution setting to have 7day click and one day VI and essentially what bid strategy means is this algorithm is going to go after the highest volume of conversions there's going to be a few different ones but that's definitely the one that you're going to want to start off with if you are just beginning an attribution setting is essentially saying hey if someone clicks on your ad within a 7-Day period or views it within 24 hours one day then that means that that specific ad or Campaign Will then have that purchase attributed to that specific ad now once we scroll over here we can see budget this is an ASC Campaign which is why we have adset and this is a $700 daily budget now if you're just starting off you're not going to have budgets that high of course um I would suggest starting off with at least $100 especially if you're doing an ASC campaign but now let's get to the data let's get to the good stuff now you can see here we have amount spent purchases cost per purchase and Ras now these four metrics are essentially going to show you if your campaign is working and specifically what is working everything else is going to tell you why now when I'm looking at data and ads manager I actually like to sort from highest to lowest so that I can prioritize what's working the best or at least what's getting the most most amount of spend because if something isn't working but it's getting a ton of spend that's obviously something I'm going to want to optimize and turn off next we're going to have purchases now your purchases or your cost per purchase could also be substituted for lead or cost per lead but since most of my brands are in Ecommerce and they're going after purchases that's why I have that as the primary kpi and your cost per purchase is essentially going to be how much does it cost to acquire a customer on that ad your rowad self-explanatory is your return on ad spend so for every $1 that you put into this campaign or to this ad how many dollars are you then getting back from those customers now again these four metrics are going to be your primary kpis they're going to guide everything now the next five metrics are actually going to tell you about the people you are reaching so we have frequency this specific metric is going to show you how many times on average people are seeing your ads now this was looking at the data over a one- Monon period and we were actually reaching quite a few new people with this specific campaign I actually tend to get a little worried if I see frequency numbers above five across the last s days or the last few weeks cuz this might tell me that we are starting to hit a lot of retargeting audiences so if you see those higher frequencies it might be a sign Des that your creatives are targeting the same people over and over again or your campaign is now your reach is going to show you that individual people that saw your ad whereas The Impressions is actually going to show the number of times that your ads were shown sometimes to the same people which is why I really like looking at the frequency number two because I always want to make sure that my ads are reaching new people and not just hitting the same people over and over again and then we have of course cost per reach and CPM now I'd say that CPM is probably going to be a lot more important than cost per reach but CPM is actually the number that I find a lot more advertisers talk about and this is essentially the cost per 1,000 Impressions now I know that you're probably looking at this CPM number and you're like oh mine are you know maybe a lot higher maybe a lot lower what is the average CPM and the truth is is that your CPM is highly dependent on your industry right and sometimes even specifically your product if you're curious about benchmarking data and where you should be falling for your specific product or demographic or location varos is the tool that I use to make sure that my brands are within the Benchmark essentially and then the next six metrics that I really like looking at here are your unique outbound click-through rate now this is essentially just a click-through rate but I like looking at unique outbound because this is the one that actually looks at how many individual users are clicking through in actually going through to your landing page if you look at just the average click-through metric you are actually looking at people who click on your ad go nowhere click on your ad and end up going to the profile or click on your ad and don't actually make it to the landing page this is the purest click-through rate which is why I really like to follow this one and again if you're looking for that type of benchmarking data to know what is a good click-through rate that's something that varos can really help out with and then I have CPC now there isn't a CPC for Unique outbound click through rate essentially so I look at the next best one which is cost per link click which is just essentially going to tell me hey for someone to click on the link that goes to the landing page what's the average cost of getting someone to click on that link then after that we're going to have the hook rate now this is actually something that is not already inside of ads manager you actually have to add this as a custom metric I am going to show you the exact formula for that later on in this video but essentially What The Hook rate shows us is hey when looking at video creative only what percentage of people actually watched the first three seconds of that video now this can really help show if you are targeting the right people by using the right type of messaging and creative and visuals inside of the first 3 seconds of your video ads so we can see here that we actually have a few differences right and of course we don't have data for this top one because that was actually an image ad there is no equivalent unfortunately for a hook rate or a hold rate for image ads the only thing that we have really is click-through rate and your click-through rate isn't always going to be an amazing indicator of great performing creative because now that the targeting on meta ads is primarily Broad sometimes you were going to see lower clickthrough rates because we were just hitting a much broader audience instead of the more concentrated audiences where we would see those more inflated clickthrough rates so your whole rate is similar to your hook rate and it's going to tell you one of two things it's either going to tell you the percentage of people who watch the first 15 seconds of your ad or if your ad is under 15 seconds long it's going to show you what percentage of people actually just watched the entire thing now I like being able to look at hold rate and then also cross analyzing that with the video average play time because often times that I will find that if we just look at one or the other if you have really long video ad creatives like you have you know maybe ones that are a minute or a minute and a half versus ones that are 30 seconds sometimes your average video play time will look a lot longer I find that it's a much purer metric because we're really able to zero in in on ad creative that retained people past 3 seconds instead of just looking at that average video play time which again can be conflated now the last metric that I really like to look at is post shares which just essentially says hey how many times was this ad shared organically now the reason why I like to track this is because on the organic social media side meta has actually said multiple times that the number one metric that they have for success is sharable content so how many people are sharing that piece of content to stories or even sharing that in the DMS so that's something I also really like to track on the ad buying side and that's my dashboard setup I really like to keep this as simple as possible I really just want to look at the metrics that are most important to number one being able to determine what is working and two why potentially it is working but more on that in a bit so I'm going to be honest I actually do a lot of my analysis inside of motion MO is the creative strategy tool it's what I use to analyze all of my creatives and honestly build reporting that helps me get my Brands to the next level in fact there's a brand that I work with that spends millions of dollars per month on meta ads and we have several creative team members and departments and so many moving pieces and motion has really been imperative to our success and sharing data that actually moves the needle for instance every single week I look at this report that shows me the top top performing creatives for the week automatically this is something that I also share with the broader team now I am going to spend the next few sections of this video inside of ads manager but if you want to take a look at the advanced reports that I'm using inside of motion be sure to skip to this part of the video it's really advanced stuff and worth even beginners looking at okay let's get into it how to analyze data inside of ads manager now step number one is actually a mind shift change that I need everyone to get on the same page for so a mistake I often see is that people try to optimize and analyze at the same time but really the analysis needs to be done first before you start tweaking things so take a deep breath and focus on one thing at a time and I'm going to simplify this especially for the beginners when you are looking at all of this data inside of your ads manager you are actually only trying to answer two questions number one what is working what is working inside of your ad account what creatives are working what campaigns are working what's working and number two a little bit more complicated but why is it working these two questions and the answer for these two questions will ultimately guide every single thing that you do inside of ads manager and that brings us to step number two which is going to be analyzing your primary metrics versus your storytelling metrics so all of your metrics are going to fall into one of these two categories now your primary metrics are are going to tell you what is working and these are the only metrics that you should be using to optimize your account so these primary metrics are going to be things like your amount spend your purchases your cost per purchase and even your Ras and if you're doing lead generation of course then you are going to swap those results around for cost per lead or number of leads now these are the only things that you should be using to optimize your account so if you see oh this cost per purchase and these number of purchases are profitable for me I should increase the budget not looking at your secondary metrics now your secondary metrics are going to help illuminate potentially why something is working right so this is going to be your frequency your CPM so all of these metrics potentially could illuminate why potentially an ad creative is working or not working if you have a high CPM potentially that's saying hey this creative is costing too much to deliver which is why ultimately we're not able to get the type of costs that we want right maybe you're saying that your click-through rate is too low and your CPC is too high so people aren't ultimately clicking on that ad to go through to the landing page now what I will say is very often the most important storytelling metrics often comes down to video creative because we have a lot more data when looking at video creative right we're able to see hey how good did this creative do at actually hooking our audience or how good did this video do at maintaining and retaining that viewership and also ultimately on average how long was someone viewing that data so what I will say is video hook and video hold aren't automatically inside of ads manager this is a custom metric that you have to add in but I do have the formula right here for you so that you can add those in and again the the thing that's you know sort of frustrating is this is only going to be available for your video creatives not necessarily your images but I do have more data that we can look at later on in this video that are going to help illuminate a lot more as to why certain creatives worked or didn't work but again this isn't necessarily data that you're going to get inside of ader but more on that in a bit so let's put all this data into action right and analyze a campaign that I worked on a few months ago okay this is an ASC campaign that we ran a number of months ago and I do want to point out actually I've seen a lot more success with ASC campaigns in the recent months if you have a lot more ad creative inside of them I've actually heard that the minimum number you should have in an ASC campaign for Optimal Performance is 20 so something to consider there now when I'm going into ads manager and I'm going to start analyzing things the first thing I like to do is actually sort highest to least amount spent so that I can really prioritize what is getting the most amount of spent and for this specific ad campaign we can actually see wow there is something that is very very clearly winning but let's take a step back for a second right let's first look at this ad campaign as a whole and this is something that you can do as well looking for the account level right so we can see that the amount spent was about 11k 525 website purchases 21.9 cost per purchase so that's how much it was costing for us to acquire a customer and 525 purchases overall with a average row as of a 2.77 and for this specific brand just looking at these internal ads manager metrics this was actually doing really really well for us so just looking at those metrics alone I would say hey this definitely qualifies for us to increase spend on this you know if we have already been increasing this steadily over the last 2 to three days by 20% maybe we can try increasing it even a little bit more but overall this campaign is working out pretty fabulously but most of it is being attributed to one ad right so we want to zero in on this specific ad and really get to the heart of why this is working right so we can see that this has spent well and llarge the bulk of the spend right so that's going to be about 75% we have a really strong cost per purchase of about $21.50 and the purchase throw as is also within our Striking Distance we really want to see and scale anything above a two when looking at internal metrics now let's try and understand the story of potentially why this is working right we see the outbound clickthrough weight which honestly is pretty average for the account so there's not something super spectacular with the specific clickthrough rate sometimes I will see oh a specific ad creative is working really well because it has a high click-through rate but to be honest click-through rate isn't always a reliable metric to gauge performance on because a lot of times the audiences that your campaign or even just specific ad is targeting can be really broad so sometimes a low clickthrough rate is actually not a bad indicator of it being successful or not successful it could actually just be speaking directly to the right people and getting them to act instead of everyone else to act right and yeah when we're looking at the specific campaign this specific ad creative has definitely inflated the average but actually what we had saw in the ad account previously was the average hook rate was around 30% and the average hold rate was anywhere from 7 to 8 so this was almost double that which is an indicator of a really really strong creative now the real heart of why a specific ad creative performed or didn't perform that type of insight generally isn't in the data itself it's going to be in the ad creative right it's going to be in the messaging in the type of visuals and even the format that you're using now a question that I often get with people who are new to meta ads is they will look at ad creatives like these three right here that have better cost per purchases and even higher row ases and they'll ask me Dar why isn't meta putting more spend to these more profitable ads now this is actually something that meta has written about multiple times in the past called the breakdown effect now essentially what this means is that meta has determined through its algorithm that if it would push more spend to these specific ads that it actually wouldn't be as profitable sometimes media buyers trust this sometimes they don't to be honest I've tested it multiple times for myself in the past by trying to throttle more spend to these ad creatives and typically they don't perform as well for whatever reason meta has really determined that the actual winner for this specific campaign is this one so really it's going to be better for you to analyze what is happening at the ad creative level versus what is happening at these and what I will say what was interesting about our top performer is it was a pure educational play and it was actually just giving information about the specific product now my guidance for you is to not dwell a ton on what's working and why isn't it working I would actually suggest hey focus more on trends that you're noticing in your ad account specific m messaging and visuals and even ad formats that really seem to be moving the needle for you and figure that out and double down and pressure test those theories on things that seem to be working you don't need to know exactly why every single ad creative didn't work especially in the early days next up let's talk about using first party data right so your triple wh your North beams and Beyond so a question that I very often get is okay do I need triple wh do I need northbeam in order to advertise on meta ads and the simple answer is no but there are times that it's really worth it in fact a brand that I work with does use triple will to help optimize their campaigns I'm going to explain how they do that in a bit so ultimately my take on this is first party data tools like triple whale and northbeam are really only good for Brands who are starting to scale up quite a bit but to be honest many Brands don't need them at all and if you're just starting off then I absolutely would not recommend it ads manager is going to be sufficient enough for you the question you ultimately have to ask yourself is is attribution actually an issue for you or are you just primarily using meta ads to drive customer acquisition if that's the case then you don't need these tools I don't find that triple whale magically unlocks insights on a creative level unless a brand truly has multiple attribution channels that they're using and by multiple attribution channels I mean like are they investing into TV are they inves ing into podcast or influencer or even Google and I will say yeah with a brand that I work with we do use triple will because we have those multiple channels that we are investing into again though many Brands don't need it as manager alone is often enough to make solid optimization decisions and first- party tools are really only the most valuable when you're managing larger budgets and need Precision across multiple data sources so if you're feeling overwhelmed by the data my advice is to first Master ads manager and then you can begin to layer in tools like triple whale or northbeam when you start to scale up your budgets especially if you are starting to invest in additional channels okay now let's talk about how I am using motion for those bigger creative swings again motion isn't just a creative Analytics tool it's a tool for overall creative strategy it quickly helps me identify what works to spot patterns and iterate effectively and honestly just gives me the confidence that I need to take much bigger Crea swings that ultimately scale so here are a few of my favorite reports like we talked about the top performing creatives report I like to look at this on a weekly level but I'm also looking at it monthly to do those creative Retros with the brands that I work with also if I'm doing individual creative tests for Brands I like to create a motion report just for those individually so I can really zoom in and analyze what's working or not working about a specific creative test I also like to conduct a format analysis where I am looking to see at a high level hey what type of creative diversity does this account have and do we need to potentially invest into more images or more video or even carousels or catalog ads and then of course I like to dive into a more secondary format analysis so sometimes this can be Statics right we want to see what types of creative strategies are really working for Statics specifically if it's more testimonials or US versus them or even before and after or celebrity or Creator Statics same for videos we really want to zoom in and understand hey what types of video ads creative templates or formats are working so that we can easily recreate those especially when we're doing a new product launch or we're trying to make iterations another analysis that I really like to do is looking at agency partners so I work with a really big brand where we are actually managing multiple agency partners so we like to compare across agencies which agencies are actually moving the needle for us and sometimes we'll invest more in the agencies that are doing better for us increase scope increase retainers or even decide hey we want to move on from a certain partner and start investing in someone new we also like to take a look at what types of creators are working the best for us sometimes with certain brands I'll look at you know the celebrity programs and just see what types of celebrities we should reinvest in again or certain influencers or even down to ugc creators this type of comparison analysis is incredibly helpful so that we can look and see hm who should we invest in again or who should we find that is similar to the types of creators that are working for us of course you can make these types of reports inside of ads manager but I find that it is so much easier not only on myself to make these reports automatically in motion but also to share across teams that maybe are a little bit intimidated by ads manager okay now let's dive into some Advanced analytics and what we're actually going to zoom in on is specifically how I am analyzing creative for bigger impact in what I've noticed is that most people actually analyze their creatives the wrong way here's an example of how people will often analyze a creative test for me right so we'll look at something like this and say okay you know what version B was the winner it had a 1.2 row as with a 1.64 clickthrough rate the hook rate was about average at 21% hold rate also was average at a 7.8 so we're ultimately going to do a few more variants of B since that was the winner and they will stop there if you've made an analysis of this I hate to inm you that this is not a real analysis in fact we're missing a lot of data points here that actually make this helpful things like qualitive data and additional data points that are inside and also not inside of ads manager I'm going to break all of those down for you right now now let's zoom in on some of the qualitive data right this is actually going to be some of the qualities about your ad creative that can help provide further analysis so this can be things like formats so for this specific creative right this was a ugc Creator testimonial ad um and there was none of that in the analysis but maybe when we look at other top performers or what else is performing in the ad account maybe that is similar or dissimilar maybe it's an outlier that kind of information is really important to know and to share another piece of data here is the creator so we can think hm is part of the reason why this creative performed down to the Creator in this case yes this was something that we actually saw when working with this Creator multiple times this was absolutely something that impacted the performance so we ended up reinvesting in working with her and again and that's definitely something that you should bring up as a part of your analysis we're also missing an analysis on the messaging which we're going to do in just a second and then of course on the imagery so the imagery and the format are a little bit different um sometimes when I think of the imagery I like to think of the overall production quality um I like to think about also the setting so oh and the specific ad creative she's in her car maybe that's something that's potentially affecting performance we actually have seen that for several brands that I've worked with that being in a different location instead of just inside of your house can actually have a big impact on performance and that's worth noting especially if you have a winning creative now let's talk about this messaging analysis right now when we looked at the other three creatives that were being tested we noticed that oh creative a had more value based messaging right we also had a bit of a competitor comparison going on and it was super numerical super numbers heavy while B ultimately the winner leaned into a bit of negative marketing also was using a really strong trigger word here hate I find that that that word is something that actually tends to um reach out and hook people really well and it was also a question so it feels like you're talking directly to the audience and C was actually using messaging around it being fast and being easy and it was also a lot more problem solution oriented and now it's really interesting too as we're doing this messaging analysis something that I like to think about is huh at what part of the marketing Journey potentially is this ultimately targeting and a part of the analysis we did on this creative after we ran it was oh actually messaging B had the most scalable messaging because it was able to appeal to the widest range of people to more of that problem aware SL unaware segment so you know we did see initially actually a was the one that came out of the gate and was starting to convert a lot more quickly because it was getting more of that low hanging fruit right it was easier to convert down in the funnel But ultimately the one that ended up running and winning for us the longest was the one that had that more scalable messaging so this is advanced stuff right but it is important when you're doing that analysis to understand hm potentially why is this is converting better for my audience is it because it's more scalable potentially additional data you can find inside of ads manager that I find as helpful for analyzing creatives is going to be your breakdown data so this is going to be things like your age your placements and even your gender being able to look at specific creative tests and say ooh was this pulling into a certain age demographic how is that potentially impacting the overall performance maybe if we see oh we find that as specific creative is actually targeting more of the 50 plus range and that's working a lot better for us that might be a sign that we want to develop more creative for that audience or speak more directly to that audience an interesting thing to see too about placements is oh is Instagram or Facebook working better for my brand is the feed or even stories or reals what's really moving the needle here is that because of how we're actually formatting the specific creatives there's a lot to potentially pull apart there and then finally comparative data now I think that no analysis is really complete candidly without comparing it to other data points that you have now some of this can be your own data points like your own top performers or your own current tests that are currently going on I often find that when you are analyzing creative being able to compare it to your own performance can be really helpful in Illuminating where it's falling inside of your general ecosystem but another comparative data set that you can have too potentially is your competitor data so what you can actually look at is see hey what types of AD creative is my competitors running is it similar to what we are running are they seeming to be learning similar things using similar formats similar messaging strategies and also look through the lens at their messaging and seeing how scalable potentially their messaging is and if they seem to be repeating anything month over month now I know a lot of that is super complicated that's why it's more of the advanced stuff right I do have a slide here for how this tends to look if I am going super in depth on a specific creative test and how everything is lied out now again I know that this is a lot of work and this isn't something that I suggest for every single task but if you're doing a really big swing or you find that you have a unicorn Banger of ad that is scaling to the Moon you might want to do an in-depth analysis like this so that you can really pull apart the things that are actually working here and can actually help you to get to the next level and make another winning ad and that's it don't forget I also have that creative reporting checklist for you guys if you learned anything at all in this video please be sure to give me a like And subscribe because those small things really do help me out so much as a Creator and I can't wait to see you guys again next week see you bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @DaraDenney [9 likes]: I'm curious about this: How many of you currently use Motion for your creative analytics?
  2. @imurgsg [2 likes]: DOUBTS:

1. what's the ideal duration to test the new creatives (3 days or a week or more than that?)

2.Is a creative refresh the only solution? Some creatives perform well for about three days, but after that, the cost per lead or purchase begins to rise. If this happens, I believe it’s due to either creative fatigue or audience fatigue, as those seem to be the only two reasons I can identify. Since we consistently use broad targeting, there's little chance of audience fatigue—unless I'm mistaken. That leaves us with creative fatigue as the main issue. However, we can’t produce 4-5 new creatives each week. So, how can we improve performance and scale our efforts?



Two requests:

1. Could you please make a video explaining the different cases of why an ad isn't working or increment in key metric like (CPM OR CPL) and how we can tackle it, is it just by killing old and getting new creatives?, OR are there any other ways?

2. Could you please make a video specificall for lead gen?




I STARTED MY MEDIA BUYING CAREER  from 2025 apr right after completion of UG (BBA), I started with running meta & google ads, more foucsed on video format, but i struggle to interpret the data & unable to tell what next steps we need to do, it's like stuck & overwhelmed, after watching this video i got some space to breath in & re-work, thank you so much for this video @DaraDenny, I watched this more than 7 times now!
  3. @thatgirlwhocamps: Are you able to do an updated video with a B2B perspective? Love your content! Thanks
  4. @orzewski: Thanks! Those two custom video metrics are godsend!
  5. @jhoncandia: thnks for sharing.
  6. @warum10: Can you make a video for the bidding strategies and what case use for each strategy and what type of goal can be achived with each
  7. @warum10: Can you make a video for the bidding strategies and what case use for each strategy and what type of goal can be achived with each
  8. @ZeinabHassan79: please can you dub your videos with arabic egypt please I like your channel
  9. @TheAireaidLord: i absolutely fucking hate Meta's UI. its so confusing
  10. @sweetsiesher2509: What are bidding strategies and attribution settings
  11. @karimewad5273: I'd love to understand attribution setting from you
  12. @sairamcharansudagoni: Why do brands have multiple agencies and how does the pixel tracking for it?
  13. @King_Of_Prosperity: nice
  14. @makrammaddah: Dara, as a Junior Creative Strategist who is looking to grow my experience asap, your channel has never failed to fill a gap in my skills.

God bless you and this channel.
  15. @joy_jm6: Can you please do more videos like this
  16. @ahmedbedwu6866: Well done, you did a great job
  17. @growwithgodbless: Well done, you did a great job
  18. @cristian.daczo1: wow this was really helpful, learned so much. Keep it up!
  19. @yousefsayed18888: Hello Dara
What's Formal about Hold Rate Metric?@DaraDenney
  20. @tenspeedDJ: Hi Dara! Do you do consulting for small businesses? Would love to chat if so. Thanks!

- Facebook Ads NEW Rules for 2026 (learn this ASAP): Kind: captions Language: en I've put together the seven things that are changing the most in Facebook ads right now. These are essentially the new rules for what it's like to optimize and run Facebook ads accounts in 2026. Across our agency, we manage millions of dollars in direct to consumer ad spend every single month. And what I'm seeing right now in ad accounts is completely different than what I saw even just 6 months ago. What I'm going to break down goes against what you've probably been taught. probably goes against what I have said on this very channel right here in the past, but they're working right now and my bet is that they're going to continue to work into the next year. So, basically what we're seeing is that the biggest brands in the world are all increasing their creative volume massively. We have literally seen every large brand increase up and to the right. And let me give you some examples of that. So, this is a look at the media mix from Athletic Greens. And as you can see, a year ago, they were running on average around 400 images and 300 videos. Now, that sounds like a lot, but that's roughly speaking if we add the 496 and 376, that's close to a,000 active ads. Today, they're running over 6,822 ads. So, Athletic Greens, we'll write AG1 here, went from 1,000 ads to 6K. Let's take a look at another business called Talentless. This is a clothing brand. I really like to model some of these ads. I think they do a great job. Now, we can see back in January, they were running 64 images and 19 videos. Let's just call this one talent. And let's just give them 100, we'll say, even though it's less. They went from 100 active ads to today they're running 1,081 active ads. So, they 10xed their ad production. AG1 6xed their ad production. And by the way, every brand is doing this. You could just name any big brand that's actually scaling and you will see a chart that looks just like this. Let's take Gap here for example. that started back in January running 130 to 150 ads. Let's call it 150. And today they are running 6,353 ads. We're just going to say 6K plus. I don't even know what the multiple on that. It's a 60x multiple roughly speaking. 50x multiple. We have seen these three ginormous brands scale so significantly by having creative at scale. This is the trend. Anyone that tells you otherwise is too lazy to create creative, which leads me to my second point, the creative engine. Now, the creative engine is what allows businesses to scale their ads so quickly. It's what allows you to see so many different variations from the same company, seemingly making you not fatigue from looking at so many ads at the same time. And whether you're a brand that's literally running your first round of ads today after watching this video or if you're trying to actually aggressively scale, I'm going to break down how these engines work. They get more complex as you grow and grow, but generally these four steps are what need to be followed. So, every creative engine starts at the top with launching new ads. We're just going to call this launch. The next thing you do after launch is you have a grace period. This grace period is somewhere between 7 and 14 days. This is when you're just hanging out, evaluating your ads, pausing down absolute duds and scaling winners. This is just allowing those ads to breathe and really give them a fair chance. After that 14-day period, you have to do analysis. Now, that analysis needs to have factored in incremental attribution. So, we're going to add a very important note here. This needs to be incremental analysis. And what I mean by this is you're looking not just at 7-day click one day view, but you're actually looking at incremental attribution in your Facebook ads platform. And then after you analyze that, it's time to brief. And brief really means you're taking your best performing creatives from your ad account and you are, yes, briefing to actually see if you can create more variations of these top creatives, these concepts. Now, there's a wild card that can come in, and this is very important in this briefing process. You also need to be taking competitor ads, as I'm inserting out of left field, literally, and brief in on those as well. So the combination is you're taking your ads that are actually working the best already for you in your ad account and you're taking your competitor ads and you're briefing new concepts and iterations together and then you launch those new ads. This is a constant cycle and this is how you build a very basic but robust creative engine. The third rule is that oversimplistic campaign strategies are gone. And I'll call this no more one campaign method. Now the basis of this method falls into a very simple philosophy. Facebook is smarter than us, which it kind of is, and we could just throw all of our ads into one single campaign. I'm here to tell you that this breaks very quickly, and it breaks because of the lack of swim lanes. What we want to actually create in our account is new customers, engaged customers and existing customers. And why we want this, why this is so important, because typically Facebook overspends on existing customers. They spend just enough on engaged, which is fine, and they underspend on new customers. This is especially a problem when you start to get to larger portions of spend. And therefore, a lot of your budget as a not just percentage, but actual dollar amount is skewed into existing customers, which ultimately means you're not scaling new customer acquisition, which is what you want to do with Facebook ads, with Instagram ads, and so on. Which leads me to the opposite, but also extremely important rule that I think is going to dominate 2026. At this point, before I even showcase this rule, I want to mention something that's really important. If you are a brand that is trying to scale in 2026, the average brand that we work with saw a 41% increase in profit in the first 90 days. So, if you want to work with us and actually scale your ads, take things seriously this year instead of being at the stalemate that many people's businesses are, then go to the moonlighters.com and apply to work with us. It takes 2 minutes to apply and you get on a 15minute call. If you don't like that 15-minute call, you waste 15 minutes of your life. Best case scenario, you're one of those businesses that scales to 41% on average. That's not our best. It's not our worst in the first 90 days. So, number four, is dead. What is absolutely dead, which we'll mark on the X over here, is any sort of functionality where you think you could take 20 to 30% of your budget and treat that in testing. That is a very easy way to lose 10, 20, 30% of your total performance in your ad account and create an actual cost center in your business. What is absolutely working here is the exact opposite. You create a prospecting CBO and within that prospecting CBO, you not only test here, but you scale here and this becomes the number one campaign. The beautiful part about the prospecting CBO is your test ads are actually not going to get any spend unless they are actually better than the rest of the ads. So you create a hyperco competitive environment in your own ad account. We always want our best ads to rise to the top and doesn't allow that because us as human beings are way slower than the algorithm. Number five, fastest horse is back in action. You probably don't actually know what this means, but I'll give it to you in simple verbiage. Advanced breakdowns are so back it's crazy. We went through this period where it was actually completely fine to just run a bunch of your ads into the same campaign or a couple campaigns, select automatic placements, select everything automatic, all genders, all locations, and just let it rip. That period has completely ended in 2025, and it is going to continue to be over in 2026. The way that we're treating what I call the fastest horse is you want to put your bets, meaning spend the most amount of money on the fastest horse. And how that generally functions are day of week, platform, landing page, gender, country, and the list goes on and on. What's important to recognize that in each of these breakdowns in your ad platform, they all have levers that you can pull that Facebook might not have the exact information on for you. For example, if you know on your Shopify store that Mondays and Tuesdays work better than Saturdays and Sundays, then you should spend more on the better performing days, but I would bet most people spend the same amount of money every single day. Why would you do that? Why would you do the same thing if Facebook works better than Instagram or vice versa? Why would you spend the same amount if one landing page works better than the other? This goes all the way down the board. Make sure that you're always putting your money where you're most likely to make money back. The sixth new rule of Facebook ads is profit over rorowaz. Rorowaz has become this holy grail number. It's something that everyone is just so obsessed about and it actually does mean a lot. Rorowaz is a very important efficiency metric. It is simply your return on ad spend to make sure that you're always profitable on every single purchase. But that's all and where it truly ends. What a lot of brands get caught up in is they want a very high return on ad spend. They want a 5x. They want a 10x. That's great. I want those numbers, too. Everyone does. But the real question to ask yourself is, how much profit are you leaving on the table by forcing your business into a very high return on ad spend? Think about it like this. Would you rather spend $1,000 at a 5x or $100,000 at a 1.2x? Now, I understand I'm using very large numbers here to make a very easy point because in this case, you're getting $5,000 in return minus your $1,000 in ad spend, equaling to $4,000 in profit. In this case, you're getting a total of 120k revenue minus the 100k ad spend, again, equaling to 20K in total revenue. And even if these numbers were way, way closer, even if they were the same profit, I would always prefer the bigger spend and the lower rorowaz. And the reason for that is actually simple. This allows you to build an army of loyal customers. This is so important for everyone to understand. The bigger your business is, the more people talk about your business. The more people talk about your business, the more residual sales you have over long periods of time. So in all cases, you want to take the lowest rorowaz you can possibly afford at the highest volume. And number seven, this is probably one of the biggest ones because there was new tools that came out by Facebook in 2025 that took some time for us to adopt and get used to. And this is truly attribution has changed. Everyone got used to 7-day click or one-day view. And some people said, I don't want to use any one-day view and I'm just going to use 7-day click or even I'm going to use one day click. Right? This was also very common. Now what's shifted here is the introduction of incremental attribution. And what incremental attribution does is it allows us to see the purchases that happened because of Facebook. So what we now prefer to do is a hybrid approach. We now prefer to really look at the 7-day click, 1-day view as the core attribution method for the brand, but focus on incremental attribution when we're talking about which creatives to scale because we know incrementally that's most important. And in many cases, we might actually shift everything to incremental attribution as long as it proves to be most successful in testing. Now, I know I said I had seven, but I'm going to hit you guys with some bonuses. Every single business needs to have a king goal. This is the goal above all goals. This is what you tell your media buyer, you tell your agency. This is the goal that matters the most. It could be an ROI goal, an ME goal, a rorowaz goal, a CPA goal. It could be a revenue goal. Just whatever is most important to you. What I mean by king goal is that you don't conflict this goal with other goals. As long as this goal is achieved, the business is happy and healthy. Number two, flexible ads are ripping right now. I don't want to say too much about this because to be honest, we don't have the full data to back this up quite yet. But early testing, flexible ads are crushing. So, give them a shot in your ad account. There's a very high chance that grouping together these iterations in flexible ads could lead to a significant increase in your performance. And a few other honorable mentions here. AI UGC is getting much much better. This is something I'm very bullish on over the next year. In addition to that, very similar, very connected, Meta Gen AI is getting even stronger as well. You've probably seen the AI enhancements show up more and more on your ads. They're working better and better. I'm really interested to see what's going to happen in 2026, and Little Birdie from Facebook has indicated that this is going to be a very big point. On a completely different note, catalog ads are still strong. This is pretty shocking to most people at this point when we have so many options, so many different ads. But sometimes just showing people something and not trying to trick them or coersse them into buying and just saying, "Hey, these are my products. Go buy them." Does a great job. And then finally, because you got this far, I want to give a reminder that I say all the time. Focus on the 20% of your products that drive 80% of your revenue. This single rule right here could be applied to every single part of the other seven rules that I gave you. Focus on the 20% that drives 80% of the output in every facet of your business and you will be significantly more effective and more efficient. Now, you know the rules, but rules do not make money. Strategy and execution makes money. If you want to see my full setup step by step so you can copy and paste it into your ad account, click this video right here where I go through everything A to Z. That's all for today's video. I hope you got a ton of value out of this. If you have questions, let me know in the comments below.

  Top Comments:
  1. @TheyFooledYou [10 likes]: Ok, so how do we afford to run 1000 ads 😂
  2. @GuaranteedPPC [2 likes]: If you are in any kind of mainstream niche at all, you will generally be best off trying to copy what your competitors are doing (from the ad library) than inventing a new offer to test.  Only about 10% of those new offer tests will work.  At least start with the "tried and true" then test your other offers no one is using.

Anything you do that offers someone a way to make/save money, makes a person more attractive, or taps into fear usually does well on Facebook now.
  3. @hkbugulli [1 likes]: Very good insights
  4. @GrundmanT [1 likes]: Question  - How do we scale up to that many ads if we are only putting 6-10 ads in an adset and only every 7-14 days?   That would take a lifetime -- what has changed with that?   Thanks!
  5. @AB-Commerce [1 likes]: You noted a problem, that facebook does not spends enough on "new customers" but you forgot to tell how to actually solve this in the cbo?
  6. @shakaslx [1 likes]: Thanks for the great content, Sam. You're amazing!
  7. @SamPiliero: 👉 Work with me and my team: go.themoonlighters.com/apply-l131
👉 Join my coaching program: go.themoonlighters.com/skool-l131
  8. @RafaelBelor: Ok got it:
1. Breathe
2. Brief
3. Breach
4. Beef
5. Horse
  9. @BarbaraHaratyk-u2t: whata bout you r a new business and will have only new customers? 1 campaign with 1 ad set with 3 ads in in its not a good idea?
  10. @assilmizane: Amazing
  11. @IoniteSimeon: what tool have you used to see the amount of ad creatives used by companies?
  12. @osamaaman1212: Hey sam, you have mentioned about increasing ad budget on the days that are performing well but my question is do we have to reduced budget on the less performing days or remain the same.
  13. @KurtYaz-biz: Flexible ads seems interesting
  14. @abdullahfareed5502: So in which campaign should we test the creatives? Engaging, new, existing? I am actually confused in overall ad account campaigns structure. It'll be great help if you elaborate this thing.
  15. @a.m9196: Can someone tell what is the best AI UGC web?
  16. @GoogleGuy492: What are your thoughts on DABA (product ads) taking a majority of the spend in CBO?
  17. @ghos_t_oaster: today i learned that sam does the marketing for anthony fantano and i've never trusted him more than right now
  18. @TonyWallshq: Anyone running ads this year should probably see this before spending another dollar.
  19. @kanisshka5509: i get winners from prospecting but when i run those for new interest adset it just fails and cpa increased by 2-3x compared to others , why it behave like this
  20. @Ashton_marketing: The end💥

- The ONLY Meta Ads Targeting Tutorial You Need in 2026: Kind: captions Language: en If you're still targeting meta ads the same way you did in 2020, 2023, or even just a few months ago in 2025, you're probably making campaigns harder to scale than they need to be. Because in 2026, the businesses getting the best results are going about targeting in a completely new way. They're not using the detailed targeting section in ads manager to hone in on their target market. So, in this video, I'm going to show you the only meta ads targeting approach most small business owners need right now, including what to control, what to stop overthinking, how to use custom audiences, and whether look-alike audiences still matter. And in case you don't know, I'm Brandy with Life Marketing, the digital marketing agency with a mission to help small businesses grow. If you're curious as to what it would be like to have us handle all of your social media and advertising for you, click the link below to schedule a free strategy call, and you'll get a custom proposal and quote. Otherwise, let's get into it with the biggest mistakes small business owners are making with meta targeting right now. They're trying to control too much. They narrow the audience too hard. They split out too many ad sets. They over build the account, and then wonder why the results are inconsistent. And I get it. You're thinking, "Hey, if I know my buyer persona, why wouldn't I try to pinpoint them with all these interests and behaviors to tell Facebook exactly who to show my ad to?" But here's the truth. Meta is better at finding buyers on its own than it used to be. It actually studies your ad creative, the copy, the image or video, the destination URL, and so then using its advanced AI finds people that are most likely to respond to it based on those things. But only if you stop choking the system with unnecessary restrictions in the targeting. And if you're thinking, "Okay, so you're saying you don't want me to enter anything in here?" In general, that's correct. But there are a couple exceptions, or what we call hard controls. So, what should be a hard control? Or in other words, the only targeting details you should enter in. There are really only a few things most businesses should use as hard controls. The first is location. Only target places you can actually serve. So, if you're local, enter in the local mile radius you serve. If you serve nationwide, target nationwide. If you only ship to certain countries, only include those countries. You get it. The second is age restrictions. Only enter an age range when there's a real reason to. For example, if your service legally or practically should not be shown to people below a certain age, then you can enter an age range there. But if there's no true restriction, leave it alone. And the last one is gender. Same general principle here. This matters when gender affects whether someone can actually buy from you or be served by your business. If it doesn't, then leave it on all. Outside of those three limits, you can leave the rest untouched. In the past, you may have been used to entering in all of these interests and behaviors here, but not anymore. Because the more unnecessary controls you add, the more you reduce meta's room to work, and that makes it harder to grow, not easier. We call targeting like this broad targeting, because the audience is usually pretty broad and it's considered your prospecting campaign. It's targeting cold, new people who've never heard of your brand before. Now that you've got that squared away, there are a couple other audiences you still need to know how to set up and use. So, let's talk about custom audiences for small businesses in 2026. A custom audience is something you set up here in the audiences tab in ads manager, and you can create one based off of your sources or meta sources, depending on what you're trying to do. You can see all the options for custom audiences here. So, custom audiences are built for three main reasons. The first is to target these people directly. This is called retargeting. On average, people need to see a brand seven times before they convert, and you can't get in front of people seven times if you're only targeting new people in a broad campaign all the time. So, you can create a custom audience of website visitors or Facebook engagement or what have you, and exclusively target that audience. The second reason is to exclude this audience. Once you've made the audiences, you'll want to go back to your broad targeting campaign and exclude these people from it so that it acts as a customer acquisition campaign, solely bringing new people into your funnel. You don't want to get to a point where you're solely just retargeting everybody already in your funnel without any new people coming in. Excluding a custom audience from your broad prospecting campaign prevents that from happening. And the third reason is it's all data. And the more data meta has on your audience, the faster it gets at finding new people who are similar. Custom audiences are one of the clearest signals you can give meta about who matters to your business. So, let's take a look at the four types that are usually the best to build at least to start with. Number one are website visitors. These are people who have been on your website within a certain amount of time and are therefore considered a warm audience because they already know your brand and are showing interest. Number two are email lists. Now, this can and should be built out into a few separate audiences. So, like you could have a list of subscribed but haven't purchased yet, or a leads list of emails, and a customer list of emails. Because they're all at different points in the buying cycle, they should be receiving different ads from you. And that's why I would recommend creating a custom audience for each of them instead of lumping them all into one big custom audience. But they all fall under the category of email list for the sake of this video. Number three, video viewers. This is going to be created from meta sources, and it's people who have consumed your content for a certain amount of seconds. And number four, social engagement audiences. People who have engaged with your Instagram or Facebook content in general, like likes, comments, shares, etc. Now, when it comes to using these custom audiences in your targeting, a lot of business owners still build tiny audiences because they think smaller means better. But that is the opposite way of how you should do it now. For example, instead of only retargeting the last 7 days of website traffic, it's often smarter to retarget a larger audience, like all website visitors over a longer window. Why? Because meta already knows the person who visited two days ago is probably hotter than the person who visited five months ago. You do not need to manually force that. Meta can prioritize the hotter prospect first. But if you build the audience too small, you remove other options that still could convert. That's why broader, stronger data pools tend to work better. Not because every person is equally valuable, but because meta is better at sorting through that value than most manual setups. Now, the last audience I want to talk to you about is one that some of you may already be pretty familiar with, and that's a look-alike audience. If you're not familiar, a look-alike audience is an audience of new people that meta finds that look like the source audience of your choosing. So, you could find and target new people who look like your video views, your blog subscribers, or most importantly, your customer base. But the real question is, given all the changes to meta in recent months, do look-alikes still matter in 2026? The answer is yes, but a lot less than they used to. Look-alikes were a much bigger deal when meta needed more help figuring out who to target. But now, meta builds similar audience patterns in the background automatically. So, if you're feeding the platform good data through custom audiences, conversions, and engagement, it's already doing a lot of that work for you without you needing to go manually create a look-alike audience. That said, look-alikes can still help in certain cases, especially if you want to push meta harder towards a specific type of lead or customer, or you feel the algorithm is finding the wrong kind of prospect or what have you. So, they definitely still have use cases. They're just no longer the first lever most businesses should obsess over anymore. For most small business owners, custom audiences and clean campaign structure matter more. So, with that, I want to wrap up with why simpler account structures perform better for small businesses. This is the part most people need to hear. You probably do not need more campaigns. You probably probably do need a simpler account structure. Heavily segmented structures used to be more common. You'd run multiple campaigns at the same time and have a different ad set for each audience built off of detailed targeting options. But doing it that way now often just spreads your budget too thin. And when your budget gets split across too many audiences, meta gets less data in each pocket. That slows down meta's learning, and that slows optimization, making scaling harder. So, instead, you want to have one campaign, and within it one broader targeting ad set for prospecting, like we talked about, and one retargeting ad set using custom audiences, like we talked about. Setting your account up this way means less complexity, less maintenance, and faster learning from the budget you already have. So, just to recap everything quickly, use hard controls only for real limits. Use audience suggestions to guide meta. Build strong custom audiences from your actual business data. Use look-alikes when needed, but don't lean on them like it's 2020. And keep your structure simple enough that meta can actually learn. Because in 2026, the businesses getting results with meta ads are not usually the ones doing the most targeting. They're the ones giving meta the clearest signals. And if you do that well, you give your business a much better shot at generating more leads, more customers, and more predictable growth from the same ad spend.

  Top Comments:
  1. @LYFEMarketingAtlanta: Want us to grow your business so you can focus on running it? Get a free, custom quote and proposal here: https://www.lyfemarketing.com/services/social-media-advertising-services/?utm_source=YouTube&utm_medium=metaadstargetingtutorial&utm_campaign=apr142026
  2. @carloscortes1577: I usually don't leave comments of videos, but this was pretty good. Straight to the point. Thank you.
  3. @drocoar: Great video! I have a question. In the video sources, there are many options. Some have high volume but low quality, like those for people who watched at least 3 seconds of the video. Others have lower volume but higher quality, like Thruplays or 100% video playback. Which one do you recommend?

- I Found A BETTER Way To Do Meta Ads Targeting in 2026: Kind: captions Language: en Most Facebook advertisers now leave targeting entirely up to Meta. For some, that works pretty well. For others, not so much. The problem is that when advertisers try and take back manual control, performance often gets even worse. But, there's good news. There's a way to give Meta the flexibility it wants while still influencing who sees your ads. In other words, you get the best of both worlds. In this video, I'm going to show you exactly how to do it. So, the feature that allows you to do what I just described is called value rules. And with value rules, you're able to optimize for different demographics within your target audience. So, instead of just saying to Meta, "Go and get me as many conversions as possible, as many leads or sales as possible, or even get me as much value as possible optimizing for the highest return on ad spend." Instead, you can say to Meta, "I would rather you place a priority on these people, this group, this demographic within my overall target audience because I know they are more valuable to my business." So, I'll give you some examples, right? So, you might have calculated that people within a certain location are more valuable than others. Let's say you're advertising in the whole of the UK, but you know that people within London are more likely to come back and buy again. They're more likely to stick around for longer on your subscription product or your recurring billing, whatever it is. And therefore, you are willing to pay more to acquire conversions from London as opposed to the rest of the UK in this instance. You could do the same for people over or under a certain age. We've calculated that amongst our customer base, anyone between this age and this age is more valuable to our business. And you could do the same with gender. And actually, there's a business that I've been consulting with for a number of years. And when value rules came out, it was absolutely perfect for them and solved the issue that they had had from just going with open or broad targeting. And that it was a business, jewelry business, and sold primarily women's jewelry. And they found that when they just ran their ads on Meta to all audiences, a lot of their ads were served to men. Now, men would buy this women's jewelry primarily as gifts. Uh but what this business found was that Meta would think, "Great, this is an audience that we can target that generates conversions. We're optimizing." Meta thinks it's doing the right thing. But this business found that if a man was buying uh this women's jewelry as a gift, they were unlikely to become repeat customers. So, their customer lifetime value was significantly lower than if they generated a sale from a woman who was more likely to be buying it for herself. So, they were able to use value rules to say, "Increase the bid for women. They are more valuable to our business over their lifetime." And that's something that Meta wouldn't otherwise have visibility over because if you think about attribution windows, let's say a 7-day click attribution window, um anything any conversions that take place beyond that typically aren't going to be registered by Meta. So, if Meta's optimizing for as many purchases as possible or even the highest value, the highest return on ad spend possible, they're going to optimize within that 7-day window. They're not able to factor in the lifetime value. So, instances like that, you as an advertiser are able to step in and say, "Keep the broad open targeting. I want you to have the flexibility to go out and find people um that are most likely to convert." Meta's really good at that. System's really sophisticated doing that. But also, please factor in this other bit of information because I know that these people are worth more to my business over the long run than these people, and I want you to factor in to your bidding strategy." So, let me show you how to create a value rule. So, to demonstrate this, I'm in an example Meta ad account. I'm in Ads Manager at the campaign level. And I want to go ahead and go to advertising settings. And then under your business, we've got value rules. I think just about every Meta ad account now has this value rules option. Uh it was introduced a little while ago, and it's been uh it's been steadily rolled out to ad accounts. And I haven't checked it I haven't seen it not be available in that account in a while. If you don't have it here, um then you don't have it yet. And I'm sure you'll get it very soon. Right. [snorts] So, we'll go ahead and click on value rules, and then we want to go ahead and click on create a rule set. Now, it's really interesting this pop-up here. Meta's kind of got a warning, and something we should quickly discuss at this stage. So, quickly explain what value rules are, right? Reach your preferred audiences using value rules. Increase your bid on audiences that are worth more to your business. Um we've already discussed this. It's exactly what value rules is designed to do. They've got some extra information here, which is interesting. Get more of the outcomes you want. So, focus your budget on audiences using age, gender, location, etc. Um optimize for all types of goals. See better results with a single ad set. It's one of the selling points from Meta's standpoint uh point of view of value rules. Instead of having different ad sets targeting different um audiences, you can consolidate down into one ad set, which we know is often the right way to go anyway. Consolidation is great. More conversion data in the one ad set, better learning, better optimization. Uh good things happening. But, we do have this part at the bottom. I understand my overall cost per result may increase when using value rules. And that is something that we should state up front. If you are going to mess with Meta's optimization system, their delivery system, that would otherwise be trying to get you the lowest cost per conversion possible or as many conversions as possible for your budget, anything you do to disrupt that may increase your overall cost per conversion. Now, given some of the examples we discussed a minute ago, that may well be worth it. If being more aggressive and targeting women in the jewelry business example means that our overall cost per purchase goes up by 10%, but women on average are worth 2.4 times what men are, that's a great trade. Over their lifetime, you'd rather acquire more of those customers. So, just be aware that this may well happen if you go and implement it, but it might still that might be a trade-off that you're willing to make cuz it's overall better for your business. So, let's go ahead and click on create a rule set. Quick one before we continue. If you're running Meta ads and you'd like me to take a look at your actual ad account and tell you what I would change, test, or scale, I've built something called the Ben Heath Inner Circle. Inside, you get direct access to me for less than $60 per live session, where you can join, ask me questions, and even share your ad account for live feedback. And these sessions are scheduled across multiple time zones, so you can join from wherever you are in the world. So, if you're dealing with performance dropping, creative's not working, or you're unsure how to scale, you can bring it to a live session, and we'll go through it together. If you want to check it out, there's a link in the video description. Let's get back to the video. So, from within here, we need to select criteria. So, if I click on this uh drop-down, we can see the options. And I've already mentioned a few of them. I mentioned age, gender, and location. But we've got other options here. Things like conversion location is quite an interesting um option. So, if I click on this and then select the options here, uh let's say we're running a lead-based campaign. We could say to Meta, "Look, we know that leads generated via our website, via our landing page, um they're more valuable. They're more likely to convert." Let's say, again, data that Meta might not have any visibility over than people who become leads via instant forms. Therefore, um we'll select website, and we can increase the bid um etc. I'll get to that bit in a second. Uh we've also got some other options. Um so, we've got device. So, choose between desktop or mobile. Again, you might say uh leads generated via desktop are more valuable than mobile. Willing to pay more for those. Uh mobile operating system, iOS versus Android. A lot of businesses say that iOS-based customers are more valuable than Android-based customers. Um we've also got placement as well. So, you might have the data to show that um for example, if I click in here, that Facebook feed uh conversions are more valuable to your business than those from the Audience Network. So, you could say, "Look, I'm willing to bid more for these." Or uh I'm willing You can select Audience Network and do the opposite and say, "I want to bid less." All right? So, a lot of options to play with. Um let's use gender as a as a as a classic example cuz I've already talked about that. So, let's say women. By the way, you can add other criteria. So, we've got one criterion here. We could say women and then also add in say an age criteria. So, you can add in uh two variables. You can say women over the age of 45, for example, if that was what you'd found to be particularly valuable for your business, customers in that category. And then we've got options here where we've got increase bid or decrease bid by. That's why I just mentioned the Audience Network. Instead of increasing bid for all the others, the Audience Network would be typically seen as a lower quality placement option. You can then say decrease the bid um on uh Audience Network. But in this case, like we're talking about before with the um jewelry business example, women are worth significantly conversions from women are worth significantly more on average over their lifetime than uh conversions generated by from men. So, we're going to increase the bid by and then select your percentage. Let's go with 80% in here as an example. Um and then we could go give the rule a name. So, we could say women plus 80%. Just something so that when you create multiple rules, you can um easily see which ones which and apply them to your ad set, which I'll show you how to do in a second. You can see we've got rules, one out of 10. You can add up to 10 rules. And you can have different rules that do um different things. So, you can have one for uh gender, like this case. We could have a different one for age. We could have a different one for conversion location. So, you can have multiple rules going. So, what do we have here? Let's call this women plus uh 80%. And then we go ahead and click create. So, that is now our rule set. Just because we've created it in here does not mean that it's applied to our campaigns. We still need to specifically say we want to use these in the ad sets uh that we want to apply to. Which is great cuz it means you could have different rules applying to different campaigns, different ad sets. And sometimes you might not want to apply any any value rules um to certain ad sets. And that's if you really know your data and you know, "Okay, we know that women are more valuable than men for this product range that we're advertising in this campaign, but that's not true with this other product range." Um so, you can get quite specific with it, be quite sophisticated. So, to get the value rule to actually apply, um let me show you how you do that. If I just create a quick example, I'll do use a leads campaign, but value rules, like many Meta ads features, will apply to other campaign objectives as well. Um then I jump to the ad set level. That's where we apply our value rules. But I scroll down, and then we get to this value rule section. It says, "Apply an existing value rule set." I can go ahead and click apply, um but we can get more specific. So, if I click in here, um we can, you know, decide whether or not to apply a rule set. Uh women plus 80% is what we've used, but we could Had we created other rules, we could select a different one depending on what it is that you want to do. Now, once you publish this ad set, this value rule will apply to this ad set and Meta will bid 80% more for a in this case a lead cuz it's a lead campaign, but you could have it set up for sales campaign as well for a conversion from women as opposed to men. Um and the performance and the ad impression distribution of this ad set versus the equivalent without a value rule is going to be significantly different because an 80% uplift in bid is quite significant. Hyros is the best tracking and attribution software for Meta ads. It's the software all the big players in this industry use including myself. I use it to track results for my own ads as well as all my organic results as well. So, if someone books a call for our done-for-you services, for example, I can see exactly where that person came from with a lot of accuracy. That allows me to make better decisions for my marketing and my business. Hyros has been able to track that from our ad spend in this campaign, we've generated 96,000 pounds. But, 58,000 pounds of that was not reported by Meta. So, if I was just looking at my data within my Meta ad account, I might come to the conclusion that this campaign is doing okay, but in reality, this campaign is doing a lot lot better. Now, this is a relatively extreme example because of the nature of our business. So, most of our products services have a recurring billing elements. Meta might be able to see what we make initially from our ad spend on that initial transaction, but not those subsequent payments. That's why it it shows the importance here of being able to accurately see what did we actually get from our ad spend in order to be able to make better decisions and optimize correctly. So, if you want to improve the performance of your ad campaigns without having to touch your ads, go ahead and sign up to Hyros. There is a link in the video description. And value rules represent a really big shift in Meta ads targeting. You know, we had the really old-school way of doing things which used to be really specific, just target very specific interests or lookalikes in lots of different ad sets. Then we moved away from that cuz most advertisers saw better results with open or broad targeting, just letting Meta work it out. And now we've got this hybrid now we can benefit from open targeting, letting Meta find the best possible prospects to put ads in front of, but we can have an influence over it and we can give Meta information and context that it otherwise wouldn't have. Meta is not able to factor in differing lifetime customer values because they have attribution windows. They can only track conversions that take place relatively short time period after someone's interacted with your ad. I mean, 7 days at a maximum, but could be 1 day if it's engaged through or or view-through conversion, right? Um Meta also doesn't have visibility over refund rates. Now, you might take a look at your data and work out that people on buying on Android devices have a much higher refund rate than people buying on iOS devices. So, you could create a value rule around device type. You could work out that um people under 35 are far more likely to refund than people over 35 depending on what you sell. And then again, you can use a value rule to say, we want more customers 35 and over, less 35 and under. Meta often doesn't have visibility over your conversion rate from lead to client. Now, you can set that up so it's tracked and the the conversion lead data is imported into ad account, but most Meta advertisers don't do that. Can be somewhat tricky to do to get that set up with your CRM, much easier to create a value rule if you know that people in a certain location, certain demographic, whatever it happens to be are more likely to convert from lead to client. And these are all things that have a big impact on your business and the profitability of your marketing of your advertising. And if Meta doesn't have visibility over it, they won't be able to factor that in to optimizing your campaigns, but things like refund rates, lifetime values, conversion rates are hugely important. You can give Meta that information by introducing value rules and and it's likely to improve your campaign when done right and improve your results significantly when done right. Now, in order to do this, of course, you need to know your numbers and you need to know the data. Like I when I went through the example, I increased the bid by 80% when it came to targeting women and getting conversions from them as opposed to men. Now, in order to work out by what percentage you need to increase or decrease your bid, you need to know in real numbers how much more valuable is that demographic than a different one. And in your CRM, you should be able to see that. And actually, I speak to a lot of advertisers where this data exists. It's in a combination of their CRM, their ad account, maybe third-party tracking software if they use it, and they just need to take the time to just sit down for 90 minutes, 2 hours, go through it all, and work out so often advertisers will do that cuz I talk about this all the time and I have lots of Q&A calls and I say, go ahead and do this. And so often someone will come back to me and go, I had no idea that such and such demographic or people in this location, they're worth way more to our business. Like I can it's right there in the CRM. They're worth so much more valuable over their lifetime. I had no idea. And that's brilliant cuz then you can come in and you can create a value rule to reflect that. You may also decide to change your marketing messaging, so the copy in your ads, the messaging in your creative to more specifically target those people. Let's say, you know what, we're really going to target 35-pluses because underneath that, we just hardly make any money. They give us all the headaches and over that, they're they're significantly more valuable. As as an example. So, you really need to know your numbers. You need to know you need to be able to spot the commonalities between the different groups within your customer base, who is more valuable, who can you serve better, and then reflect that in your value rules. Knowing your numbers is useful anyway, but definitely a step you need to take before you dive in and set this up. And whilst we're on the topic of targeting, I have completely changed my retargeting strategy recently. And I demonstrate it in a lot of detail in this video here. Post Andromeda recommended campaign structure and the way of doing things has changed. Retargeting has had to change because of it. So, if you haven't already, go ahead and give this a watch.

  Top Comments:
  1. @PoojaPadalia-r4l [1 likes]: Great video ❤ one quick question please — i was watching your video about creative testing. when you add new creatives, do you also tag your catalogue/products in them? In our case, Meta mostly shows the catalogue products connected to the ad in a carousel format instead of the actual creative.
  2. @davidemoretti5888 [1 likes]: What advice would you give for a clothing e-commerce site with a daily budget of €100 that offers multiple collections and products? For example, should I run a CBO campaign with separate ad sets—one for each collection (jackets, shirts, T-shirts, jeans)—or should I run a dedicated CBO campaign for each product type or collection? 

Thank you for your response, I love your contents. ☺
  3. @Üstün_Insan [1 likes]: This channel has been pushing ads in such an aggressive way for years—always claiming there’s some “new method.” Stop making it seem so complicated or intimidating. Facebook/Meta Ads already clearly explain how things work: your results depend on your budget. Spend less, get less impact; spend more, get more.

Stop scaring people and making advertising look harder than it actually is!!
  4. @eritreafirst2857 [1 likes]: Nice video as usual Ben, you can you make a video about DPA, i used to get great results using DPA for before 2023, is it still working for ecommerce, earlier using most of product in the dpa for fashion and furniture was gold, is it still working? Hope you answer here or with a video so people in ecommerce can get benefit from your valuable experience.
  5. @BenHeath: Get personal Meta Ads feedback from me (live) for less than $60 per session:
👉 https://www.skool.com/benheath/about
Let my agency run your Meta ads for you:
👉 https://heathmedia.co.uk/done-for-you/
  6. @ShilaDas-e5l: Great video
  7. @Ccdesignsofficial: Great video let me try it out
  8. @Naveed_IDK: Could have been way easier. For location yu have to put specific location in value rules. So for every ad will I create a new value rue?  Then why do they even keep the location targeting in the actual ad?
  9. @sanjibmunda724: So nice vedio
  10. @a7madksb: Helpful video ❤
  11. @praniczadhikari1123: @BenHeath please post video how do we set ads these days please
  12. @are3s_249: Im commenting because i have been pursuing this and i just recently got my first client off of cold calling and i would hope if someone on youe team could help me this can really save my life please i have him waiting need help man
  13. @kotowassiya666: I highly recommend this video, although there are many like it.
  14. @GiancarloVeramendi: Do I have to create a new post to implement this? I have a reboost post that I am trying to add the value rules to an existing campaing
  15. @simonetait5849: Have you seen the new feature called customer lifecycle strategy, it is a bit confusing because it asks if you want more conversions or new customers. But don't we want both? How do you use this feature to get the most out of your ad campaign?
  16. @AbuRayhan-xz4yc: Great and helpful video, i like this
  17. @benhofmeister7663: Great video, a question I have as a beginner is what database set ups do you suggest e.g. what CRM & third party systems should I use to make sure I am feeding Meta high quality data and able to query data when I need to?
  18. @hackerjocker8083: Why did the dubbing move to Arabic?
  19. @vincentchong7288: Meta just launched its MCP server, which means you can now connect it to ChatGPT, Claude, or other similar AI tools. I’ve only tested it for retrieving information from my ads account so far, and it works. I’ve also seen others sharing that they’re using it to create ads, but I haven’t tested that part yet. Hope you can make a video showing how to set it up, and I’d also love to hear your thoughts on the possible use cases for this new feature!
  20. @joeyy_k: I also found that my campaigns worked better on CBO than on ABO. If you still want to allocate some budget, you can use Ad set spending limits. What's your opinion on that?

- The Best Facebook Ads Targeting Strategy for 2026: Kind: captions Language: en Today I'm going to be showing you the best Facebook ads targeting strategy that you can use in 2026. This is the exact strategy we used to take this brand from $46,000 in spend to $282,000 in spend and at the same time increase revenue from $88,000 to $544,000. Because while MetaReps and a bunch of Facebook gurus out there tell you to only run broad targeting and do things like the one campaign method, we're out here interest targeting, using broad targeting, still even using some lookalike targeting behind the scenes that has absolutely transformed how well broad can actually scale. So the first thing we need to understand is what does broad targeting actually mean? Because basically everyone gets this totally wrong. when we go ahead and create a sales campaign. So once we create a sales campaign and we go down to our adset and we set up our adset as we normally would, which includes website conversion events, number of conversions or value of conversions, we set our data set correctly and we set the purchase conversion event. After that, we go down to the audience section and we can see in my case there's absolutely no settings touched. Everything is 100% broad and this is what everyone's doing right now. Now on the right hand side, we can see an estimated audience size of 150 million to 184 million people. That is essentially the entire addressable market of the United States. That is everyone that is active in a 30-day period on Instagram, Facebook, and WhatsApp, which are the meta platforms. And I should also mention that I have a minimum age of 18 set because we're not advertising to anyone younger. So, of course, there's a slightly larger audience overall, but this is the core of who we're going to target. Now, the thing we all need to understand here is that the 180 million max is nowhere close to who you can actually target. Because what Meta actually does is it takes who's most relevant for you and then it only allows you to target those people. So what you may have noticed if you've tried to scale before is something like this happens. You continue to spend, you continue to spend, you continue to spend, your spend is going up linearly, right? So you go from $0 in spend all the way down here to say $1,000 a day, maybe even upwards of $5,000 per day. But what actually happens to your audience, which is going to be the red line here, is at first your audience scales. You're reaching more people. You're reaching more people. You're reaching more people. But what actually happens as you continue to scale is you might reach more overall people, but the cost to reach the next person increases. Therefore, your CPMs go up, your CPCs go up, and of course, your return on ad spend or your cost per acquisition go in the wrong direction. This is obviously just because you can't target the correct people. What you'll also notice in your ad platform is your frequency goes up. Frequency is such an important metric for us to understand because as you can see here, it is the average number of times each account center account saw your ad, which means the average number of times a person sees your ad. So what typically happens as brands scale just with broad audiences is they find a point that is a roadblock. They hit that roadblock, their CPMs go up, their frequencies go up, meaning they're showing their ads to the same people over and over and over. even though it's broad, they're nowhere close to targeting that 150 or 180 million people. So, how do we actually solve this? And why is this targeting strategy so critical to deploy, especially during times when you're trying to scale? So, the way that we break this down is we have a combination of broad targeting and interest or custom targeting as well. What this does in practice is the interest groups find new audiences that might be applicable that were not being targeted by your broad. then your broad audience goes from a narrow target to a little bit bigger, a little bit bigger and a little bit bigger because you're actually training the pixel. You're training your account and therefore you're training those broad audiences to find new people based on those interests that it didn't consider previously. So, what do we do inside of an ad account? First off, you probably have seen this exact chart from me before. This flowchart, this is our system. This is what we call the N3 system. This is the structure that we like to follow. What we're going to focus on is the prospecting CBO setup. And the way that we set this up, the campaign, we call it prospecting CBO. It is using campaign budget optimization. And this is going to be the majority driver for your ad account, meaning it could spend as much as you feel comfortable. It's going to be using campaign budget. And for your daily budget, this is going to be your primary campaign. So, if you want to spend $1,000 a day, you could plug most of the $1,000 right into this single campaign. So, Meta's algorithm could actually assign dollars to the best performing creatives. Inside of our ad groups, we have broad packs. Now, a pack represents a group of creatives. The broad section of this simply means that we are targeting net new customers only without any other interest or restrictions in place. And the way that we do that is we set the ad name to broadpack number one. We scroll down to the audience section. We click exclude these custom audiences. And we search for our website visitors over the last 30 days, our add to carts over the last 90 days, and alltime purchasers. Now, I know some of this might be blurred out, but what you can see is I have add to cart 90, site visitors 30, and then purchase 180 days. These are the audiences that I am excluding. At this stage, we don't need any more refinements. Advantage plus is going to be on. That's no problem. And if you want more control, you can go ahead and click further limit the reach of your ads. Actually, define age groups, genders, and so on if necessary. For this, for the most part, we're comfortable using it just like so. We're keeping our placements completely open. You can see I've allowed 23 placements. I've excluded zero placements. And then within this pack, we are just uploading a round of creatives. So you should get creative consistently. It's one of the most important parts about everything that we do is we're constantly asking for new creatives from our clients and we always want to upload those creatives as consistently as possible. If you don't have the creative engine running on your side, you're not going to be able to scale your ads. There's no magic bullet. This all works together. Now, after you create your first broad pack, you're just creating more packs every time you get new creative. So you might start with pack number one. You may duplicate that pack when you get that next round of creative. Create pack number two. In time, you'll have multiple broad packs. The way that I like to organize these so I don't go crazy when I look at an ad account is I name them literally in order. Broad_pack 1 2 3 4 5 6 7. And then I also add a second underscore and actually drop the date. So if today was January 1st, I'd put 1 2026. This just allows me to see exactly when I launched this pack for the first time. Once we get beyond our broad packs, now we start interest group targeting. So to start this, we are going to create a brand new ad set. And for now, we're going to leave it as interest underscore. And we're going to get back to this at the end. We're setting up all our conversion events exactly the same way that we've set up in our broad packs. In our audience, this is very important. We are clicking further limit the reach of our ads. And we're selecting this third option, which says again, further limit the reach of your ads. Once you're here, you're going to see a couple of adjustments be made. You're going to add detailed targeting. You're going to add ages. in our detailed targeting section. This is where we're going to click in and this is where we're going to be able to set our interest group. Now, the most important part about setting your interest group is going to be right here. In this step, what everyone winds up doing is they take the interest group that they think applies the most to their business. But actually, we need to be one step removed from our business. And what I mean by that is we'll use an example for say Nike. If you are Nike, your gut is going to tell you when you go to this interest targeting to target all of your closest competitors. Maybe you put in Reebok, Adidas, go down the list, you name it. Maybe then you even try to go for some of the biggest athletes in the world like LeBron James, Michael Jordan. But setting interest groups that are so similar, nearly exactly similar to your brand will do nothing to expand your broad audience. What we need to do now is train this algorithm to go beyond the broad target that it's already hitting. So maybe you realize that people that buy your brand are willing to spend high amounts on luxury goods. And people that spend high amounts on luxury goods are also going to purchase other luxury goods. Now, for Nike's example, maybe targeting something like Range Rover or Land Cruiser could be a massive targeting opportunity that the algorithm would have never shifted to. Now, what Facebook is already nearly perfect at is this section right here. This section is easy for Facebook. Facebook knows that your brand operates in some cross-sections of interest groups and it takes the interest groups that are most similar to your brand and it already is targeting them. What we need to now do is we literally need to give it what's on the outskirts. And I'm not just talking about what's over here. I'm talking about we need to find the guys that are right on the line. We need to find the interest groups that are on the outskirts of the ven diagram that generally wouldn't have been targeted otherwise. So exactly what I mean by this is in this cross-section already exist things like Nike, Adidas, Reebok, soccer, sports, this all exist in this cross-section. We know this. But what doesn't exist in this cross-section as I mentioned before Range Rover does not exist in this cross-section. Luxury vehicles does not exist in this cross-section. Maybe hip-hop artists like Drake do not exist in this cross-section here. If you are a brand that is restricted by your broad audience, what is going to then happen? Nike and this very narrow broad audience is going to start to expand. The ven diagrams are going to start to overlap more. They're going to get closer and closer together. And then all of a sudden, your broad audience gets larger, meaning two things happen in your ads manager. This interest group that we're talking about right here, sure does well, drives a positive return on ad spend for you hopefully, but more importantly, it empowers the broad packs to do better and better and better. So, back to our detail targeting here. The way that we set this up is we select one single interest group. We don't select 10. We don't make a master bunch of a bunch of interest groups. All we do is we select one. So, I'm going to use Range Rover again for this example. And you can see right away my estimated audience size dropped from 180 million people to 10 to 12 million people. Sounds small, but imagine targeting 12 million people in one single interest group and you still have all of these broadpacks to support any additional scale. If Facebook for some reason can target all 12 million people, the rest of the budget will just go to the broad packs. Hopefully informing the broad packs that an audience like Range Rover is a valuable audience for this pixel to target. So the big question is what do you put in these interest groups when we create this interest group which is Range Rover? What ads do we actually decide go in here? This is actually a very easy exercise. All you do is you take your best performing ads from pack number one, pack number two, pack number 65 and you scale them into a new interest group. What this is going to do is it's going to give this interest group the best shot at success. And that's the most important thing. The purpose of the strategy is to make an interest group successful and also get your broad audiences to expand beyond their actually limited reach. And that needs to be done with your best performing creative so it has the best shot at actually being successful. Now you can see in the core system which I've gone through so many times. You are taking the top performing creatives and you are graduating them into the interest groups. This is such a critical part of the process because it's going to make all of these broad packs better and better over time. Now, if just one tidbit of this strategy was helpful, then I would highly, highly advise you go watch the full strategy where I break down this entire M3 system. It is so critical, especially as we start 2026. And if you've already watched it, then stay tuned because we have a ton coming here. And I will see you all in the next

  Top Comments:
  1. @NormaNiijima [1 likes]: Thank you for explaining everything so clearly. Everything is very clear. Like for the explanation.
  2. @Ellsworth-b8p [1 likes]: Really clever explanation and no unnecessary verbiage! Respect! + subscription
  3. @PatriciaieEtljudmila [1 likes]: You putting this up for free is actually clutch - praise to you
  4. @TreyBalistreri-m6k [1 likes]: Appreciate the non-fluff straightforward approach. Was a great review for me. Thank you!
  5. @diya.saxena588 [1 likes]: This was super practical and clear! 🔥 I learned actionable tips I can start using right away   thank you for the valuable insights! 🙌💯
  6. @prathap6117 [1 likes]: I have a challenge for you.

When running cold audience Meta ads for an F&B brand (pub / nightlife events), what targeting layers do you prioritize today?

I understand the basic structure:Demographics + Interests + Behaviour.

But in practice:
- Which demographic filters actually move performance (job titles, income proxies, travel behaviour, device filters, etc.)?

- Do you still rely heavily on interest stacking, or are you seeing better results with broader audiences + strong creatives?

- For event-driven campaigns (sports screenings, live music nights), what audience structures are consistently working for you in 2025?

Would love to hear how advanced buyers are structuring their cold audiences now.
  7. @SamPiliero: 👉 Work with me and my team: go.themoonlighters.com/apply-l110
👉 Join my coaching program: go.themoonlighters.com/skool-l110
  8. @gillybrown7132: Hi please i need your support please
  9. @AllenBoolman-k3y: Appreciate the non-fluff straightforward approach. Was a great review for me. Thank you!
  10. @NourddineLaayali: Appreciate the non-fluff straightforward approach. Was a great review for me. Thank you!
  11. @SharonuiSeinna: You putting this up for free is actually clutch - praise to you
  12. @Frieda-s1y: Everything is clear. Brief and clear. No water. Thank you)
  13. @Rosalie-i3c: Everything is clear. Brief and clear. No water. Thank you)
  14. @sam-q8b4u: hi , i have few doubt in minds . please suggest me . 
1.) when ever we will use further reach of your ads section & choose Gender & age & deselect use as a suggestion  then Advantage+ audience is off . 
WE Provide our services to females only . so in that Case we have use further reach of your ads section & under gender we have to select only female & young age (20 to 45) . we can not use Broad targeting . 
2.) which type of campaign is best for luxury services ? ABO/CBO .
  15. @Edmundoeqiwojaqet963: No water, fast! Way to go.
  16. @Kris-r1t5w: Appreciate the non-fluff straightforward approach. Was a great review for me. Thank you!
  17. @veronikasbgdiary: does that work with lead campaign
  18. @MIG3010: You are comparing October 2024 vs October 2025. Its only one month of data. It would be nice to understand when did you do any changes.
  19. @manishgavali6644: Hi
Even after clicking further limit your ads reach
It is taking the interest group as a suggestion  ??
There is no box to uncheck like we do for age and gender?
  20. @JenniferSilvestri-g6j: Do you work for home service based businesses?

- The BEST Facebook Ad Campaign Structure for 2026: Kind: captions Language: en Facebook ads have changed so much over the past 6 to 12 months that have completely changed my recommended Facebook ad campaign structure. Right now, there's a very good chance that you are using an old campaign structure and that it's hurting your results. So, in this video, I'm going to show you my new and updated campaign structure for Facebook ads and Instagram ads. So, one of the biggest changes when we're looking at my new recommended campaign structure in comparison to what we used to recommend is that we now rarely separate out cold and warm audiences. Warm audiences being people that have interacted with your business before. could be website visitors, people on your email list, people who have watched a video of yours on Facebook or Instagram, lots of different types of of warm audiences. And we used to separate those out and we would uh be very specific with the messaging and the budget that we'd allocate to each. And we'd see, okay, we're getting this return on ad spend from our warm audiences versus this return on ad spend from our cold audiences. We rarely do that anymore because of the way that Meta's targeting systems have changed. Um, so just quickly demonstrate what I'm talking about, I'm in an example ad account here. I've created a quick example sales campaign. And if we just jump to the adset level of this, uh, click edit and then go down to the targeting section, we've got controls and we've got suggest an audience being the two main parts of of targeting now. And in the suggestion audience section, if we go ahead and click show settings, we can see custom audiences in here. If I click on this, custom audiences are your warm audiences. Those are the audiences that contain people that have interacted with your business before. So in custom audiences is where you set up things like website, email list, people who follow you on Instagram, etc., etc., Right now, if for example within this ads sets we say I want to target my website visitors. You can come in here and I can it's an example ad account. So I've got all these set up websites visitors 180. Right? You might think okay this adset is now only going to advertise to people that are within that audience that have visited my website in this case within the last 180 days. That is not true. This is within the suggest an audience section. So meta will reach people within this audience. They'll put ads in front of people, but they will also go beyond that to reach other people that Meta believes are going to, in this case, generate a sale because that's what this campaign is set up for. Basically, Meta is going to go beyond your targeting criteria um so that they can help you achieve the objective you've told Meta that you want. Now, because the the custom audience, the warm audience part is within this suggested audience section, if we tried to have say a warm audience adset and a cold audience ads set or a warm audience campaign and a cold audience campaign, there's going to be an enormous amount of overlap because within the cold audience, Meta is going to target your warm audience anyway. Within the warm cold audience anyway. Um, so it seems silly to have the two separate options when we're effectively targeting the same people when we could just consolidate that and benefit from it. I'll talk more about consolidation later on. And you can run experiments to see just how strong the impact of this change is in comparison to what we used to see. What you want to do is you want to go into your advertising settings which I've done here just got up on on another tab. If you just go ahead all tools you'll see advertising settings or you can get it from all tools and then once you come in here you go into audience segments and then what you want to do is make sure that you've got your engaged audience and your existing customers defined. to basically create those custom audiences and then say this is engaged audience, this is existing customers. And you do that within here. And you can see we've got a drop down. You can add in your your custom audiences to uh to both of these. And that basically lets Meta know okay these are people that are customers. These are people that are engaged audience that haven't yet uh made a purchase, haven't become become a customer. And then when you run your ad campaigns, you can see the breakdown of new audience, engaged audience and existing customers of where Meta is spending the money, your budget split, your frequency, etc., etc. Right? In fact, let me quickly show you what this looks like. Right? So, if we look at this ad set here, we can see the breakdown um in results. In this case, website purchase. Of the 93, we can see that nine came from engaged audience, 59 from existing customers. So, this is retargeting heavy. uh 20 from new audience and then we've got a few uncatategorized and unknown but that's not surprising because uh data is you rarely able to track with 100% accuracy. Um and what you will see that's that's really interesting and you run this experiment is that if you set up an adset to target warm audiences so you add in your custom audiences website visitors email list etc etc and then you run that alongside another adset that is set up to target cold audiences. If you look at the data between those two adsets, the split between the conversions and the impressions that come from engaged, existing, and new is often very consistent. As in, with the one adset that's set up for cold audiences, you get the same split as with the other adset set up for warm audiences. In other words, Meta's kind of not paying much attention to the fact that you are trying to advertise cold audience in this adset and warm audience in adset. They're just trying to go out and get you results. They're using your inputs and suggestions and doing their own thing. And that makes it silly to have separate adsets or separate campaigns for cold and warm audiences where Meta is going to target a mixture of the two anyway. Right? So, that's one of the big changes that we're now making is that there are still some rare circumstances where we will separate them out if we really want to change the messaging between different stages of a salesunnel, for example. But that's rare. By default, we're absolutely going to combine both cold and warm audiences into the same campaign and the same adset. So, the next thing we're trying to do with the new campaign structure is consolidate as much as possible. And that applies to both campaigns and adsets. We're going to try and run as few campaigns and as few adsets as possible. Often just using the one campaign and the one adset. I'll explain later on when we do and don't want to uh to do that. Why are we doing that? Well, it's best to combine the data into as few elements as possible. Let's say you generate 70 conversions in a week. Instead of having that spread across 10 different adsets, so seven conversions roughly per adset per week, Meta is going to struggle to optimize those adsets. Going to struggle to get out of the learning phase. Whereas, if that's in one adset, you're generating 70 conversions per week in that one adset. Meta is able to fully optimize. They're able to work out the best time of day to advertise, what ad impression frequency is required, advertise to this person instead of this person, use this ad instead of this ad. all the various points that Meta's system optimizes to get us more of what we want, more sales, more leads, whatever it is we've set up our campaign to optimize for, Meta can do that better with more conversion data. So much better to have that consolidated data into the one campaign, one adset as opposed to spread across lots of different elements that will struggle uh to optimize. Second reason why we want to consolidate is because we want to avoid auction overlap. Now, there's some misconceptions around overlap. A lot of people think I'm talking about audience overlap. When I say auction overlap, I'm not audience overlap would be you've got two different campaigns, two different adsets, and they're targeting a lot of the same audience. Now, that's not ideal, but the whole idea of that's going to increase the cost because you're bidding against yourself is a bit silly. There are thousands of advertisers trying to reach the same people. One extra campaign ad setting that not going to make much difference. But you can run into issues with auction overlap, which is a different thing. Meta systems are now very sophisticated at working out what ad impression frequency is required to get the outcome that you want. So Meta might work out, you know what, we're better off at generating four or five ad impressions for a single individual over a 24 48 hour time period as opposed to spreading out those ad impressions over a week. Well, Meta could plan that really well if it's just got the one campaign, one adset targeting a person, a group of people obviously, but we're talking about one individual user in this case, but targeting um a group of people. If you've got some ad impressions coming from one adset, some ad impressions coming from another adset or different campaigns, much more difficult for Meta to work out that delivery system of right, let's put an ad in front of this person four times over the next 48 hours. Much more difficult for them to be able to uh to do that. So, that's that's the issue that comes up with auction overlap. and you want to take advantage of what Meta's delivery system um is able to do. Okay. So, the next thing we've changed is that we very rarely now test different audiences at the adset or even the campaign level. And that has a lot to do with what we described previously when we're talking about separating out cold and warm audiences. For the same reason that we don't separate those out, meta is kind of going to ignore a lot of your suggestions. They're going to do their own thing when it comes to targeting anyway. is why we won't test different interest targeting options in different adsets or interest targeting versus lookalike versus open targeting. We used to do a lot of that sort of stuff. We don't do that anymore because all of that falls within the suggested audience section unless it's going to do its own thing. There is an exception and that's location-based targeting. We will often test different locations. Now, this would going to depend on the business. Um, so it might be that a business just advertises in one country, that's who they can serve and we're happy just to advertise to the entire country. We're not going to bother testing that. But if we have a business that's international and they want to be able to test between different markets, okay, we want to see how our campaigns perform in the US versus the UK versus Australia, etc., we'll have different campaigns for those. Or if it's a lo local b locally based business that has multiple locations. So, if it's a gym franchise, for example, you might want to test, right, we're going to advertise in this city versus this city versus this city for that that individual unit uh in the local area, people might be interested, and we're going to separate out performance. Now, it's not a coincidence, if I jump back into my example ad account, jump to the adset level, go back into targeting. It's not a coincidence that we will test different um targeting options when it comes to a location basis across different adsets, maybe different campaigns and the location targeting falls within the control section. Like that is not a coincidence. Basically, we are able to do that testing accurately on a location basis whereas we aren't with say different interests or interests versus lookalikes and stuff like that because the control section within targeting here those are hard boundaries. So, we're saying, look, in this adset, just advertise to this local area. In this adset, just advertise to this local area or doing so on a country level or a state level. Um, Meta is going to, for the most part, only advertise to people within that that location. They're not going to treat that as a suggestion and go beyond it where they think it'll help you get um your desired outcome. So, we will do it for location, very rarely for this other stuff, even though we used to do a lot of that. Another reason why we're able to consolidate and use fewer campaigns, fewer adsets, is because Meta can now handle a lot more ads within an adset. So, they used to have a recommendation of don't have five or six ads live in an adset at any one time. Uh the system was less sophisticated before and it would struggle to be able to test those properly and put them in front of people and work out how to do it. It was basically too many variables for the system. That has now changed with Andromeda. with some other updates. Meta is able to handle a lot more ad creative and different ads within um an adset. So the recommendation typically is 20 plus and we will often run adsets with 20 plus. So very different to how we used to have we used to have lots of different campaigns, lots of different adsets and limited number of ads within each adset. Now much fewer campaigns, much fewer adsets, often one campaign, one adset, but then a ton of ads within um that one adset set. In fact, Meta not only says they can handle that, but it's recommended because Meta now wants much more creative diversity. So, they want different ads within an ad set, they have different types of creative, different formats. You have a mixture of images and video, different video styles. You might have some UGC, you might have um some founder, some demonstration videos, some customer testimonial videos. And Meta is going to they want that so that they can test to see which works best. But they also are now able to personalize ad delivery a lot more. say we're to work out, you know, for this person, they seem to really respond to UGC style ads, so we're going to put more of those in front of them. This person seems to respond to product demonstration style ads. We're going to put the more of those in front of them. If they have the different ads and the different types of creative within the one ad set, Meta can start to do a better job of personalizing ad delivery and working out that it's not a one-sizefits-all. There are different people within your target audience and different people respond um to different um creative. So that's one of the big big shifts that have come from the change in the platform, the updated campaign structure is a lot more ads within an adset. I don't worry about an upper limit anymore. The constraining factor is usually how many good quality ads can be created. What are the resources available? And we will run those and look to introduce new ones over time as we test and learn from the data that we see. Within the new campaign structure, we've also changed how we test different ad copy variations. So, we used to have separate ads for different headlines would be one of the things that we test or different primary text. We're not going to have separate ads for those anymore. Instead, we're going to take advantage of the variation option. So, if I jump into the ad level and then scroll down to where we set up our ad copy, we can see that if we click into primary text, you can see we have one of five. So we can have up to five different primary text variations within this one ad. We can do the same for headlines. Click in there, you see one of five. And do the same for descriptions. So really, you want to think of separate ads as testing different ad creative or maybe not even just testing, but being able to have that different creative diversity. So have different types of ads like I just described. Uh when it comes to testing, I wonder which headline works best for this offer or this ad. You want to do that within the ad, not have separate ads for that. um and do so using these primary text headline description variations. This is a much cleaner, neater way to do your ad copy testing, which is still something that you want to do. Um as opposed to needing to have an enormous amount of ads cuz if you've got all this different ad creative and then let's say for each ad creative you needed three or four different ads to test different headline variations, you very quickly get into just silly numbers of ads and too difficult for you as the advertiser to be able to to monitor that and keep up with it. much better to do it within these text variations and have that copy testing done within an ad unit as opposed to separate ads. Hyro is the best tracking and attribution software for meta ads. It's a software all the big players in this industry use, including myself. I use it to track results for my own ads as well as all my organic results as well. So, if someone books a call for our done for you services, for example, I can see exactly where that person came from with a lot of accuracy. That allows me to make better decisions for my marketing and my business. Hyro has been able to track that from our ad spend in this campaign, we've generated £96,000, but £58,000 of that was not reported by Meta. So if I was just looking at my data within my meta ad account, I might come to the conclusion that this campaign is doing okay, but in reality, this campaign is doing a lot lot better. Now, this is a relatively extreme example because of the nature of our business. So most of our products, services have recurring billing elements. Meta might be able to see what we make initially from our ad spend on that initial transaction, but not those subsequent payments. That's why it it shows the importance here of being able to accurately see what we actually get from our ad spend in order to be able to make better decisions and optimize correctly. So, if you want to improve the performance of your ad campaigns without having to touch your ads, go ahead and sign up to Hyros. There is a link in the video description. One of the things we used to do with our old Facebook ad campaign structure, and I still see this come up when I take a look at at people's ad accounts often is to have uh different campaigns for different stages of the salesunnel. So, you might have had a top offunnel campaign, a middle ofunnel campaign, and a bottom of campaign. And different stages would have different ads. So, in the top of funnel, you might have uh like a founder story video that explains why the company was great in the first place. Middle of funnel might be more product demonstration. And then the bottom funnel might be a customer testimonial trying to get you to convert and people would go through the sequence. Now, we don't do that because of what we've already described in terms of meta targeting and a lot of it being suggestions and they're kind of going to show different ads to different people anyway. So, it's not as easy to neatly move people um through the system anymore. But that doesn't mean that we've completely thrown away the top of funnel, middle of funnel, bottom of funnel ideas because the logic is still there from a marketing standpoint of often you need to introduce people to an idea, but they won't be ready to convert straight away. You then need to warm them up with evidence of why it's great, why they should buy it, and then they have the extra call to action based ads and the and the customer testimonials and things that are going to really help them take action now, right? That still applies because that's something that warms up people. If you think about your relationship with another person, you start off not knowing them very well and it takes time and many interactions to get to the point where they become a really good friend or something for example. Okay. So we can still do that but we can actually do that within the one campaign and one ad set now. So we will create ads. I just mentioned we might have 20 plus ads in an ad set. We will create some ads thinking these are more likely to be top ofunnel ads. We will create some that more like to be middle of funnel and then some that are going to be bottom of funnel. So just like I talked about, you're kind of two birds, one stone situation here, right? You're adding a lot of creative diversity by doing this, but you're also allowing for that journey to take place because you could have those ads that are founderled, storybased, why we created the company in the first place. You could have those ads that are product demonstration. You could have those ads that are uh customer testimonial. Now there's variations on those depending on your business. Like I've used a product ecom example there, but you can absolutely find examples of that um for info or lead genen. There there are variations on a theme and meta is now sophisticated enough to work that out. So they will add sequence for you automatically. They will use some ads initially put in front of people first off then other ads in more of a retargeting capacity. And the way you can see if this is happening within your ad account because it happens in some ad accounts more than others. The ad accounts where this happens more are ones where the ask is larger. So if you're selling something that has a higher price point or you're selling a service that's more involved, people need more steps to get to the point where they're willing to inquire, buy, etc. If you're selling an inexpensive e-commerce product, it's going to be much more just directly buy it if you're interested. If not, fine. But what you'll often see in those businesses that that see this automatic ad sequencing taking place within the one ad set is that some ads will consistently have money spent on them, but they don't have many conversions. Looks like their cost per lead or cost per sale isn't very good. And you think, why is Meta doing this? It's because they're using that in a top offunnel capacity and then using other ads to retarget and get the conversion because you might have money being spent on that one. You look at the other ads, you're thinking, but this other ad is performing really well on a return on ad spend basis, cost per lead basis, etc. But why is it matter spending more money on that? Now, you don't want to make the mistake of turning off the ad that is being used in a topunnel capacity because then your other ad performance will massively worsen because it isn't benefiting from that other ad being used in a topunnel capacity. So, we still use that process, but instead of doing it in different campaigns, different adsets, we're going to consolidate that into one adset. And Meta is smart enough to sequence those ads and uh and work it out. So, I've talked a lot about consolidating less. When do we actually have separate campaigns, separate adsets? I've talked about the location example. Here's another example. By default, I like to use one campaign per product or service range. So, we're not going to have a different campaign for red hats versus blue hats. We are going to have a different campaign for hats versus shoes because those campaigns we want to optimize differently. We want meta to treat them as as we might need to target slightly different people. We might need to advertise them in a different way. People might need more convincing to buy shoes than a hat. So, we need more ad impression. We want them to learn under different conditions and then and then optimize um accordingly. An exception to that would be a general dynamic catalog campaign. Um where if you run those typically with a relatively small budget, then Meta is going to spend the majority or all of that budget on retargeting depending on the size of your of your warm audiences. And I'm perfectly happy to that span your product and service ranges and just you know this is more like to be used in a product capacity as opposed to service based businesses. But you know put the thing that someone's most like to be interested or has just had a look at in front of them even if we are crossing between shoes and hats and belts and whatever it is that you know you might be selling in this example. So happy for that to be businesswide but otherwise we're going to to be more specific and have different product ranges. So not variations but different product ranges or different services. um in different campaigns that we're going to separate out that way. It also gives you a lot of nice control as an advertiser to be like, "All right, we're out of stock on this. Turn this off." Or, "We're at capacity for this service. Turn this off." So, if we look at our business, for example, we offer both done for you meta ad services. We create manage optimizer campaigns for you. And we have done with you program, which my mentorship program, where you still manage your own ads, but we coach and very hands-on in terms of making recommendations. You can ask us questions and all that sort of stuff. So, those are separate offers. We would have those in separate campaigns. We want them to optimize differently. The target market is typically a bit different. Uh the the big spenders are typically going to be on the done for you services, the larger businesses. Others are going to be with the with the mentorship program. So we want Meta to optimize accordingly. And then also like I said, we have flexibility in terms of capacity. So we could oh we're absolutely capacity. We're done for you. Let's turn that off for a little while. Um and we'll start that up again once we uh once we're ready. By the way, if you're interested in either of those, want us to run your ad campaigns for you or want us to teach you how to run better ad campaigns, get better results, um, links in the description for both. There are also times where you might need a different campaign structure to what I've recommended. So, the things I've been through here and what I've recommended would be the default. That's going to apply to most businesses, but there are times where you might want to do something differently. For example, my omnipresent content campaign strategy requires a very different structure. You can't have the one adset. You need multiple adsets. So, if you're not familiar with that, I've got videos on my channel in case you want to check it out. It's typically a strategy that works really well for businesses with a very um involved purchasing decision for your customer. So, think high ticket service, for example. Something that people really going to have to think about, need a lot of convincing. You need a different campaign structure. If you're selling a $10,000, $20,000 service, for example, right? So, in that instance, you're going to want to go away from this default. When you go away from this default that I've uh talked about in this video, meta is also going to pop up with lots of warnings. It's fine to ignore those, but just do it very intentionally. Know why you're doing it as opposed to just I'm going to do this because I heard 3 years ago this is how you're supposed to do it or such and such said this would work and know why you're doing it. Follow a specific strategy like omniresent content and understand the process and therefore you're fine to ignore warnings. Remember that warnings that pop up in your ad account saying change this to improve performance. they are done with like the masses in mind and what's best on average and they're right. It might not be right for your um specific scenario. Testing is the other big example where we might deviate from this. So a lot of ad accounts run into the issue when they just have the one campaign, one ad set where they really struggle to test new ad creative. So they find that okay, I've got my ads in there, meta spending on one or two ads. I try and introduce new ads. I've been told I need creative diversity. I'm spending all this time producing new ads. I put them in there and just nothing happens. Met doesn't spend any money on them. They just spend money on my previous best performers, but those are slowly fatiguing and performance is dropping. What do I do? That's where we will entertain a different campaign structure. In fact, I go through how I'd recommend you test and the various options to overcome that problem, allow you to test new ad creative, which is super super important in this video here. So, I'd strongly recommend checking that out next. Often we will still use this campaign structure and test within it, but there are scenarios where we will deviate from that. Anyway, I cover it all in this video.

  Top Comments:
  1. @BenHeath [4 likes]: Get personal Meta Ads feedback from me (live) for less than $60 per session:
👉 https://www.skool.com/benheath/about
Let my agency run your Meta ads for you:
👉 https://heathmedia.co.uk/done-for-you/
  2. @SalesRemedyUK [2 likes]: My campaigns' ROAS is through the roof thanks to this man.
  3. @writedirect [1 likes]: 3 videos in and blown away by this instruction. Ben is intelligent, pleasant, to the point and has made navigating Facebook Ads as a beginner a possibility. Definitely see using his paid services as we grow and things become more complicated. Can't say thank you enough.
  4. @AshleyRoyalty-x6u [1 likes]: Does budget influence how many ads you are running in an ad set though? I get 20+ is great, but if you only have a $50 budget per day @ $4 CPL, how many ads is fair without spending the money too much.
  5. @LindaH-k1g: Great content! Thank you :) I have a question though regarding customer segments. 

When creating a target audience segment for existing customers, the “Purchase” event does not appear as an available event option (which I assume we want for existing customer segment?).

We are using Shopify, we have Facebook & Instagram installed, and enhanced data sharing is enabled (Conversions API, Meta Pixel, and Advanced Matching). Because of this, I would expect the Purchase event to be available.

Could you help me understand why the Purchase event is not showing?
  6. @lemonroti1991: Consolidation is key: The modern recommended approach is to minimize the number of campaigns and ad sets. Instead of separating cold and warm audiences, it is now more effective to combine them into a single ad set (0:23 - 0:51, 5:12 - 6:21).

Leveraging Meta’s algorithm: Because Meta’s targeting systems use your inputs as suggestions rather than strict rules, they are highly capable of automatically optimizing delivery for better results when provided with more consolidated conversion data (1:05 - 2:43).

Creative Diversity: With the platform's increased sophistication, it is recommended to include a wide variety of ad formats (videos, images, UGC, etc.)—often 20 or more—within a single ad set, allowing the system to personalize delivery to different users (10:10 - 12:18).

Testing strategy: The video advises testing ad copy variations (headlines and primary text) directly within ad units rather than creating separate ads. Location-based targeting remains an exception where testing in separate ad sets is still beneficial (8:27 - 10:09, 12:20 - 13:45).

Automatic Sequencing: By consolidating, you allow Meta to automatically perform "ad sequencing," showing top-of-funnel content to new prospects and retargeting with lower-funnel content like testimonials, all within the same ad set (15:00 - 18:49).

When you should deviate from this structure (e.g., for specific product ranges, high-ticket services, or specific content strategies) is also addressed toward the end of the video (18:50 - 23:29).
  7. @stilllookingfortreasure: How do we figure out our existing customers when we sell mostly on amazon? I do have an email list but I know that most people are not on there.
  8. @marvinwilliams7938: You say 1 ad set with many ads is better. If you add new ads into an ad set it causes a significant edit. What do you say to this concern?
  9. @v.verozina: do we still go for sales and scaling campaigns ??
  10. @chukwudumofoegbu: Great video Ben, how about you make a new video on omnipresent campaign and how to run it successfully with all the new changes that has taken place since you last made a video about it? That will really be very helpful to us. Thank you.
  11. @DarrioSinclair: Using different headlines is good once you know what works, the only way to clean clear data is to run headlines and copy separate with same creative, then do this repeatedly reskinning the best versions and then throwing them into one ad. But it’s more work
  12. @Benjamainma: Hey ben and all, love the content! I just had a very strange 'anomaly' and I’d love to get your take on it.

Last week, my Business Manager crashed and all my Pixels became 'unavailable' mid-run. I had two 'Sales' objective campaigns that suddenly had to run with ZERO pixel data feedback for about 8 hours. Paradoxically, my sales tripled (x3) during that window compared to my usual performance.

It felt like the algorithm was 'unshackled' from the pixel's constraints and went full Broad, hitting cheaper CPMs that actually converted. How do you explain this? Is this a known phenomenon where the creative is so strong that the pixel's 'optimization' was actually acting as a bottleneck?

Also, do you think this can be replicated intentionally via 'Traffic' campaigns or Sales campaigns without a pixel, or was it just a 'lucky' glitch in the auction? Thanks all!
  13. @innocentgaurav82: If I add so many ads at the ad level, will it not take ages to come out of the learning phase ?
  14. @SundaramFashions-r6s: Hey ,

Thank you for making a video about it. 
I have a query , We have a kids wear brand . 
We make different categories, like casual wear, party wear, sleepwear. So Shall we make ads for different category under same ad set or shall we make separate campaigns for separate categories. As we have received both inputs from different experts.
Kindly suggest .
  15. @FullbrightBusk: :face-green-smiling::face-orange-frowning:
  16. @bolinzhaio: However, I have a question: if an ad group has a large number of creatives, but the meta tags allocate most of the budget to the one or two best ones, what if the remaining creatives are also high-quality? Isn't that a waste?
  17. @RafaelBelor: if i have the same offer but different avatar, would you still do it in the same adset? for example, i have some ads targeted at busy professionals and some ads targeted at retired high income avatars. not sure if two adsets are the way to go. i feel like having more adsets gives me more control. what would you suggest? i‘m starting with very low budgets but want to scale quickly when i find a funnel that works
  18. @RafaelBelor: it‘s possible to further limit the reach of the targeting, so the retargeting is ONLY engaged customers, and engaged customers can be excluded in the cold audience campaign. what would you recommend for small and big budgets?
  19. @Camila-b4c4d: Thank you for the video Ben, it's really helpful! I have a question about segmenting audiences: would it be possible to keep the cold and warm audiences separated if you exclude the people who interacted with your brand, since it is an option available in the controls area and not the suggestion area?
  20. @tornikephkhovelishvili7344: Great video Ben! I have a question regarding the ''Flexible'' mode. I ran the 5 different creatives with Flexible, but I can not see the result per creative to see which one is performing best, I only see the sum results. How can I deal with it? 

Thanks in advance!

- The NEW BEST Facebook Ads Campaign Structure for 2026: Kind: captions Language: en If your Facebook ads used to work at first, driving leads and sales, but now have flatlined, or if you never really felt like they got off the ground to begin with, the problem is usually not your ads, your product, your targeting, or even the algorithm. It's probably your account structure. Most small businesses launch a few campaigns, throw all their ads into one place, and then try to scale. At first, it works, but as you add more creatives, more audiences, and more budget, everything starts interfering with everything else. New ads reset that learning, winning ads lose spend, retargeting overlaps with prospecting, and the algorithm stops performing predictably. And if that sounded a little confusing, let me put it this way. The brands that scale consistently, whether they're spending $100 a day or $10,000 a day, almost always have one thing in common. They run a structured system that separates acquisition, testing, scaling, retargeting, and retention. In this video, I'm going to break down the new best Facebook ads campaign structure for 2026, designed specifically around how Meta's algorithm works right now. We'll walk through five key components. The main campaign, where most of your budget goes, the scaling campaign, where winners get pushed harder, interest testing without confusing the algorithm, retargeting people who showed interest but didn't buy, and retention campaigns that turn customers into repeat buyers, if that makes sense given the nature of your business. So, even if you've never had real success with Facebook ads before, by the end of this video, you will know the exact steps to take to manage, scale, and optimize your ads for leads and sales. And in case you don't know, I'm Brandy with Life Marketing, the digital marketing agency with a mission to help small businesses grow. We've helped small businesses go from zero to thousands in revenue coming in every month from [music] social media. If you just want to see how we could do the same for your business with no strings attached, click the link below to schedule a free strategy call. Otherwise, we're going to jump in with the first of five steps on how to best structure your Facebook ads campaign, starting with step one, set up your main prospecting campaign. The foundation of almost every successful Facebook ad account is a single main prospecting campaign focused entirely on acquiring brand new customers. This campaign should usually receive around 80% of your total ad spend. If you're spending $100 a day, that means roughly $80 should go here. If you're spending $1,000 a day, roughly $800 goes here. The reason is simple. This campaign is responsible for bringing new people into your ecosystem, which fuels everything else in your account. So, if this campaign isn't set up correctly and drawing the right people in, the rest of the steps in this video won't matter. Inside this campaign, you want to keep everything as simple as possible, so you want to use a sales objective if you want sales, or the lead objective if you want leads. Set it on campaign budget optimization, so that it will distribute your budget in real time to the best performing ad sets, meaning you don't have to manually do that yourself all the time. And choose broad targeting. Meta's algorithm is smart enough now to read your ad copy, your creative, your destination URL, and find the right audience based on those things. It no longer needs you to enter in a bunch of detailed targeting options like interests and behaviors to figure out who to show the ad to. If anything, you can enter in age, gender, and location if any of those things truly matter for your business, like if you only service a certain local radius, or if your product is exclusively for women, etc. Otherwise, instead of narrowing audiences with dozens of interests, you're allowing the algorithm to do the work. However, there is one important rule here. For this campaign, you should exclude people who already know your brand. That means creating a custom audience of recent website visitors or social media engagers, add-to-cart users, and existing customers. And then once you've created that audience, exclude that audience in the ad set level. This ensures the campaign focuses only on true new customer acquisition. Now, the key structural element inside this campaign is something called creative packs. Each time you launch a new round of ads, you place them into a separate ad set pack. For example, broad pack one, broad pack two, broad pack three. Each pack contains a different batch of creatives. This system prevents new ads from interfering with older ads that are already performing well. So, instead of constantly resetting Meta's learning phase, each pack, or ad set, gathers its own data independently. And over time, your prospecting campaign becomes a structured testing environment where new creative enters the system without disrupting existing winners. Once you identify ads that perform extremely well, those ads graduate to the next stage, which leads us to step two, set up the scale campaign. Your second campaign exists for one purpose, scaling proven winners. So, this campaign is where you duplicate your best performing ads from the first campaign and allow the algorithm to push more budget behind them. Think of this campaign is your high-performance engine. Inside your prospecting campaign, many ads will run. Some will fail. Some will perform decently. But a few ads will consistently generate strong results. When you find those winners, you duplicate them into your scale campaign. This campaign should only contain ads that have already proven they can generate conversions profitably. The structure here, again, stays simple. One campaign, one broad audience, and only winning ads. The algorithm then pushes budget towards the strongest performers. This setup prevents new experimental creative from interfering with ads that are already working. And again, instead of constantly resetting Meta's learning phase, you allow proven ads to scale efficiently in their own environment. Once your winners are scaling, the next step is learning more about your audience with step three, interest testing. Even though broad targeting performs extremely well today, interest testing can still provide valuable insights. However, most advertisers test interests incorrectly. They test new audiences and new creatives at the same time, which makes it impossible to understand what actually caused the performance change. Instead, the correct approach is to test interests using proven ads only. In other words, the creative is already validated, and it has already shown to work. So, now the audience becomes the variable. For example, if you sell fitness apparel, you might test audiences like CrossFit, Gymshark, or Nike Training Club. Each interest is placed in its own ad set, but all of them use the exact same proven winning ads. This allows you to clearly see whether the audience itself improves performance. Sometimes an interest group reveals a pocket of buyers the algorithm was not prioritizing before. And occasionally, those insights feed back into your broad targeting performance as Meta learns more about the ideal customer profile. Interest testing is not the core driver of performance anymore, but it remains a valuable way to expand reach strategically. Once new prospects enter your ecosystem, the next step is converting those who showed interest but didn't buy. So, step four, set up your retargeting campaign. Not everyone buys the first time they see your product. In fact, most people don't. On average, it takes seven interactions with a brand before a customer will make a purchase. That's why every account needs a dedicated retargeting campaign. This campaign focuses exclusively on people who have already interacted with your brand. So, typical retargeting audiences include website visitors from the last 30 days, people who added products to their cart, and social media engagers. These audiences already know who you are, which means your messaging should look a little different from the first two campaigns. Instead of introducing the brand, retargeting ads should focus on reminding people about products they viewed, showing social proof, addressing objections, and highlighting urgency or offers. The important rule here is that this campaign should only target these audiences. Meta sometimes tries to expand beyond retargeting audiences, which can cause spend to leak back into prospecting. So, to avoid this, make sure audience expansion settings are turned off, so the campaign stays tightly focused. Retargeting campaigns typically run with smaller budgets than prospecting campaigns, but they often produce some of the highest conversion rates in your account, because this is your warmer audience. Once someone finally makes a purchase, the next opportunity begins. So, step five, drive repeat purchases with a retention campaign. Many advertisers make the mistake of treating a customer's first purchase as the end of the buying journey, but in reality, it's just the beginning. Your retention campaign exists to turn customers into repeat buyers. This campaign targets only people who have already purchased from your brand before. However, not all customers are the same. Someone who bought last week behaves very differently from someone who bought a year ago. That's why retention should usually be split into two audiences. First is recent buyers, typically customers from the last 180 days. These people already remember your brand, so your ads can focus on complimentary products, upsells, or new releases. And then the second one, older buyers, customers who purchased further in the past. These audiences may need reminders on your brand overall, seasonal offers, or product updates to bring them back. Retention campaigns are extremely powerful because the cost of acquiring a repeat customer is usually much lower than acquiring a brand new one. When done correctly, they increase customer lifetime value and improve the overall profitability of your ad account. The reason this campaign structure works so well overall is that it separates different marketing objectives into their own environments. Your prospecting campaign focuses entirely on finding new customers. Your scaling campaign pushes winning ads harder. Interest testing allows you to explore new audiences without confusing the algorithm. Retargeting converts people who have already showed interest, and retention campaigns generate repeat purchases from existing customers. So, instead of one messy account where everything overlaps, you now have a system where each campaign has a clear purpose. And that clarity makes optimization easier, protects your best ads, maximizes your dollar, and gives Meta's algorithm cleaner signals to work with. If you implement this structure correctly, your ad account will get far easier to scale because every part of the system is designed to do one job extremely well. And if you want more breakdowns of real strategies that are working right now in Facebook and Instagram ads, make sure to subscribe because the platforms evolve constantly and the small business owners who adapt to their ad systems the fastest are always the ones who continue to profit.

  Top Comments:
  1. @LYFEMarketingAtlanta: Want us to grow your business so you can focus on running it? Get a free, custom quote and proposal here: https://www.lyfemarketing.com/services/social-media-advertising-services/?utm_source=YouTube&utm_medium=fbadstructure&utm_campaign=apr72026
  2. @LenaWoskowski: Everytime I try to test multipe creatives in one adset meta only gives budget to one that it likes the most. I dont understand how I am supposed to find winners without testing them individually. Is that a budget problem?
  3. @FhoodyCast: how many adsets in scaling campaign? and should I make new adset  in scaling campaign for each wining creative from the testing campaign?
  4. @HaleyMcDonald-u1k: Even when I click to further limit the reach of my ads, the interest can only be a suggestion. How are you doing interest targeting?
  5. @antoineholman6978: Great information! Thank you! Does this strategy still work well under the andromeda update?

- How To Analyse Facebook Ads The RIGHT Way: Kind: captions Language: en I've generated more than $200 million in sales directly from Facebook and Instagram ads for our clients over the past 9 years and during that time my team and I have worked out the best way to analyze Facebook ads data to significantly improve results and in this video I'm going to show you exactly how we do it okay so let me start by showing you the metrics that we actually track what data points do we look at what matters what doesn't matter and and we will go from there so I'm in ads manager I'm in one of our Facebook ad accounts that we actually use to retarget for our own products and services this campaign specifically that we're talking about is for our Facebook ads Mastery product I'll explain more about that um in a little bit um we're going to use this as the example campaign to show you the data points um that we use and how we make decisions around analyzing campaigns that are live ads that are live and then optimizing working out uh what to do and how to improve results which is a hugely important part of Facebook ads you very much cannot get the best results from just creating a Facebook ad campaign throwing it out there and hoping the results are great you absolutely need to be digging into the data and improving things that's what I'm going to show you how to do okay so let me start by going through the columns that we actually take a look at and we've got um like a customized column preset uh here to have all the data that we like to look at um when we're going through and actively managing campaigns okay so First Column obviously other than the the name itself of the campaign the adset or ad we've got delivery um and then we've got actions actions is sort of a shortcut within the column section referring to the new opportunity score feature um so it's showing here that there are three plus available points that we could uh optimize uh within this ad set to to get better results if you want to know more about opportunity score that's not what this video is about I'll include a link in the video description to another video that shows you all the details around this new feature it's really good by the way I recommend you do it but you do want there you do want an actions column in there now that it's available because it reminds you and shows you oh there are some optimization actions that we may or may not want to take um available that meta is recommending then we've got budget you can see here it just says using campaign budget this campaign has got one adset so it really doesn't make any difference whether you're using CBO or AO whether you're setting the budget at the campaign level adset level a lot of people will tell you differently and it does matter but if you got one adset it just doesn't make any difference uh but we got budget in there cuz that's useful and then we've got amount spent um so we spent over just over £2,000 on this campaign it's been running for you know we've got the time frame set to maximum I think this has been running for 60 days something along those lines the next column is purchases now with this campaign that is what we are optimizing for we're are trying to get purchases for our Facebook ads Mastery product um but I should say that this column here doesn't always want to purchases this wants to be whatever conversion event it is that you are optimizing for after amount spent so if you're optimizing for leads put leads in here if you're optimizing for complete registrations put that in there instead okay but we've got purchases because that's what we're optimizing for here then we've got cost per purchase very useful metric to be able to see cost for purchase and when I get to the next stage and we start looking at various different components and comparing them that is one of the most important metrics possible after that we've got purchase conversion value now for some reason this isn't feeding through it was feeding through when I literally did the prep for this video it's not feeding through now and I thought about using a different example but I actually thought this was an interesting thing for me to mention because um ad manager is buggy and these things do happen I think it's quite useful for you guys going through this to be like oh every now and then that happens to me so this had purchase conversion value data there um it doesn't now but you don't really need it for the purpose of this video what I want to to just leave it in there to demonstrate that this happens but also explain what's going on here right so um the conversion value on the Facebook Master product is £97 per month right so in terms of you could get a sense for for what that's going to look like in terms of what we're paying you know would we pay £23 cost per purchase to acquire a customer that's worth £97 per month uh absolutely that's a that's a fantastic R uh when you factor in lifetime value um but yeah you want your purch conversion value in there if you are optimizing for purchases if you're optimizing for leads something else it's not really going to apply and then we've got purchase return anouncement so basically what's your row ass um and again again because this number isn't feeding through it's not creating a rows calculation uh to be fair when you've got a product like this that bills monthly the rows calculation that you see within your Facebook ad account is not going to be that accurate because it might just include the first transaction so let's say 97 on average with a 23 cost per purchase we're looking at about 4X RS but that's only on the first transaction right we know that our actual return on ad spend is way better than that you're probably looking at more like 20 xros um cuz people are going to stick around for uh a number of months uh we don't exactly know how many because Facebook as Master product is pretty new so we haven't had it live for a year or two years to see if people will stick around that long yet then we've got reach Impressions and frequency and I like to put these three together because they tell a story um of of how the ad adet or campaign um is performing so reach is simply the amount of accounts the amount of different people that your ads have been put in front of we've got 35,000 there Impressions is how many times an ad was put in front of someone so you can see how there's a difference there and then you calculate the frequency by dividing Impressions by reach and that gives a frequency of 10.43 now that means that of the people that have seen ads within this ad set um they've seen an ad just over 10 times which might seem like a really high amount but this is a retargeting campaign a retargeting ad set for one of our offers we know the people in this audience are very much engaged with my stuff they most of them will have watched uh my content for a long time so we can get away with a higher frequency in general if you're operating to cold audio is I don't like to see a frequency above 2.5 which obviously much lower than that that's to cold audiences um if you're advertising to warm audiences you can usually get away with significantly higher frequencies than that but most businesses you don't really want to go above say a six to an eight that sort of range um but there are cases like with me where we can go up to a 12 we've been up to 16 frequency before and that's absolutely fine and and as we go through this and I will talk about frequency metrics that is a secondary metric that is not one of the things we will optimize for first we will optimize for that after we factored in other metrics that we'll uh that we'll go through but it's really important to keep an ey eye on frequency because if you do see an ad perform really well and then it starts to drop off and that coincides with the frequency going up okay you've probably got ad fatigue you need to introduce new creatives and there's things you can do to go about um tackling that okay then we've got cpms that's cost per thousand Impressions now this is the metric that's typically used to describe how expensive it is to advertise so we're paying a uh CPM of £73 which is really very good part of that is because we've got engaging ad creative in there unsurprisingly we know how to do that um and also it's to my warm audience so people are interested in my stuff um most businesses nowadays particularly advertising in the countries we're advertising in UK US Etc are going to see higher cpms than that cpms is again a secondary metric and I'm get I'm going to break down these more in a minute and how we might um interpret the data and apply it to campaigns but it is not something that you want to be stressed about or optimed in for it's more a metric of how expensive is Facebook and Instagram advertising over time how is the CPM changed over time and also how expensive is my industry certain industries is going to cost way more than others if you're advertising something in the the health and fitness space it's usually going to cost a lot less in terms of CPM than if you're advertising something that's B2B for example okay but we we'll dig into that a little bit more in a bit then we've got hook rate now hook rate is a custom metrics this is one that we've actually created and when I go into I'll show you how to set up your columns in a second I'll talk about cust metrics so the hook rate if I hover over it we'll be able to see what this is It's 3 second video plays divided by um the number of Impressions and then expressed as as a percentage so basically what percentage of people that saw our ad made it past 3 seconds watch 3 seconds of the video um effectively they were hooked uh now an 8.38 across the ad set is decent in my mind anything above a 10 is is really quite good anything below a five is is quite poor so that's sort of typically what you're working with you will see massive variation and there's all sorts of um variance between Industries and things along those lines again B2B like what we're advertising 10 to be on the Lower Side other things tend to be be significantly higher I do like to have a look at video average play time uh that is not a custom metric that's one that's preset from meta and that is useful you do need to factor in the length of the video because you might think oh 2 seconds is terrible but in a lot of cases here we're advertising very short videos so it's like well actually if you think about it it's kind of Okay and like if you're having a really long video you would expect to see just longer average view time cuz some people are going to make it all the way through and that's really going to lift your average um so that's actually not such a useful metric for this campaign specifically but sometimes it is very useful for like take a look at things then we've got link clicks now it's really important that we've got link Clicks in there and you can get more specific with outbound link clicks or unique link clicks um I'm quite happy with link clicks um but what you don't want to be analyzing is clicks there's a difference between link clicks and clicks link clicks is clicks on the link that the that the ad is taking people to they they took the action that you most likely want them to take um clicks is going to include any click on the ad so if someone unmutes it if it's a video ad that's going to count as a click if someone clicks to see more button on Facebook in order to be able to see all of the primary text that's going to count as a click and these are things that you don't really want to be uh monitoring or optimizing for so we've got link clicks there to see how many people have actually clicked through to where we want to send them I always like to stick landing page views next to that to see the discrepancy rate between link clicks and landing page views um so you know we're looking at what 3,100 versus 2,300 20% maybe slightly more discrepancy between the two that's fine sometimes you'll see more than a 50% drop off between link clicks and landing page views and just explain the difference between the two link click is someone that actually clicked on a link landing pages they waited until the landing page loaded up um so if you do see a big discrepancy there there are all sorts of things you can read into that like is our landing page too slow to load are we getting a lot of accidental clicks which might be because you're running a traffic campaign and ads are showing on the Audience Network these are things that you can fix and knowing this sort of data is very useful then we've got CPC cost per click um sort of the the base metric of all digital marketing digital advertising has become far less important as the platforms have got more sophisticated but it's still a useful metric no again when you're entering in CPC make sure you get the cost per link click not the cost per click and then the same applies to click-through rate um you need to get the link click-through rate not the click-through rate because I have I get questions people all the time being like I've got a 4% click rate is that great I'm like well that's fantastic but it won't be link clicks that could include if you're running a carousel ad that could include people moving between it includes all sorts of uh various clicks uh and in general for link clickr rate anything above 1% is considered really quite good um 8.86 here is okay anything below say a 7.65 is is is normally pretty poor um so yeah so that those are the the data points that we are tracking and I'll show you how they Stack Up um in a minute the way by the way you can put together the exact same columns as I've got here and and so you have the exact same data that' be useful for you is you just come in here on columns and you can see I've got this called best column setup um which is uh what we're using as a default but there are like set what presets that you can use that met have put together performance engagement Etc I'd recommend creating your own what you do is you just come down you click on customize columns and then you can literally go through and you we've got 90 in here you can go in delete columns you can search for them uh on the left hand side you can just search at the top and and add those in or you can do this you can create a custom metric so remember how I mentioned that the hook rate was a custom metric so we're dividing 3 second video views by Impressions you can come up with all sorts of ones and get really sophisticated and there are case studies where we will do that because certain businesses need different things and we will look to implement this sort of thing so you can just go ahead and have a little play about with that but that very much is um an optional extra now in a second I'm going to show you how we use this data uh to make optimization decisions and improve results before I do that I want to quickly let you know a little bit more about Facebook ads Mastery the the example campaign that we're that we're talking about here so the Facebook ads Mastery product is my new course with community so it's brand new course material neverbe seen stuff that's not available um on YouTube or or anywhere else that me and my team have put together we're literally using it to to train on new staff we're we're very happy with the quality of the content and and think it's uh really good stuff I think you find it very valuable and the people who've been through so far have given us great feedback about it uh but it also comes with with a full community so we're using School we've got over 700 members in there already fantastic place where you could connect with like-minded Facebook advertisers Instagram advertisers business owners trying to do things me and my team are in there all the time answering questions we do live calls we do live trainings live q&as um there's all sorts of stuff so if you're interested there is a link in the description you can click on that hopefully I will see you on the inside with that said let's get back to the video okay so all the data that we've gathered here it does have its place that's why we're bothering to to track these metrics in the first place right but in the first instance so so for for the most part the two that I want you to base most of your optimization decisions around is either your cost per conversion or your return on ad spend and which one you use depends on your business so if you are optimizing for purchases and you have the return on ad spend data we would be basing our decisions around return on ad spend so if we've got one ad that's producing a 4X return on ad spend and another ad that's producing a 3X return on ad spend the 4X return ad SP ad is the one that we're going to want to put more budget behind we might turn off the one that's got a 3X return on ad Bend and that is irrespective of if the 3x Rell on ad spend ad has a better click-through rate or a better cost per click like the those are secondary metrics that don't matter anywhere near as much we want to optimize for return on ad spend the most important thing or if you're not optimizing for purchases and you're optimizing for say leads or complete registration or something like that um then you want to optimize for your cost per result there you know the best cost per lead the best cost per complete registration if that's as far down the sales funnel as you can accurately track those things matter the most when it comes to comparing various elements and a huge part of optimizing Facebook ad campaigns is just literally taking a look at the various elements you've created and going this is performing better than this I'm going to turn off this and I'm going to learn from this one and I'm going to create ads or ad sets to some extent that are similar to this one to test again and see if I can beat this one and get better performance over time that's a huge part of analyzing data optimizing and it's very simple very uh very sort of top level but there does a point where you want to dig into the metrics a little bit more and take a look at the secondary metrics and the reason why is to understand why so you know I said we're going to decide between add a and add B based on return on ad spend or cost per conversion but let's say one does have a 4X return on ad spend and one has a 3X Turnal ad spend uh we want to know why this one has a 4X Turnal ad spend so that we can uh make ads that are more like it we can work out what's worked and what doesn't and use that information to improve results over time now what we look at here Will depend on the business it will depend on the typee of ads we're running so I'm going to run through some examples that I've prepared of of the sort of logic that we might use um and examples of data so that you can understand how we would improve things and things like that okay so let's start with hook rate now in this campaign we're running video ads hook rate remember is the number of the percentage of people that watched at least three seconds of the video so how well were they hooked in the first place only really applies um to video ads So within this ad set we ran ads that were videos and hook rate might be one of the things that we look at to try and work out why are some ads performing better or worse than other so let's go ahead and and click in and we can see the various six ads we can see the data on what was spent purchases generated cost for purchase all that if we scroll over uh we get to hook rate we can see some big differences so firstly with hook rate just discount these two ads here with the really low hook rates they're both carousels um so it's not going to it's not comparing apples for apples in comparison to the other three that we have data for that are all ads and we can see here that we've got quite significantly different hook rates we've got a 10.6 hook rate 13.6 and 16.2 now this is going to vary massively between businesses but I think if you've got a hook rate over 10% you're normally doing reasonably well anything below 5% is really quite poor um and then in between is is okay but again there are going to be businesses where those metrics are way way different but that's often what what I I might look to look at so what we can do now is we can take a look at these three video ads and be like well this one down here that is hooking people better in okay great so that hook works better than the hook for the other two video ads when we create new video ads let's start with the one we're using here now interestingly though when you scroll over and we look at the cost per purchase this ad is not actually performing as well when it comes to cost of purchase it's it's £28 versus 25 for this one up here and and 19 for this one here although that only generated three purchases just not much data so what that might tell us in this sort of scenario is okay this ad here is doing the best job of hooking people but this ad and this ad are doing a better job of getting people to convert so why don't we take this ad up the top the meat of the ad and pair it with the hook that we've got in this ad and then we might be able to benefit from the better performing elements in both that might be one of the things that we look at when it comes to hook through rate and that's an example of digging into the data and coming up with an actionable um Step that we could now take with a reasonable expectation of improving results we can also look at hook rate in conjunction with video average playtime now in this scenario because these are short videos this video average play time I don't think is very useful um but we might see for certain ads for example that the hook rate is nice and high like let's take this one at 16% but the video average play time would be significantly lower than the other video ads in which case that would really show us that either the hook is a little bit misleading and not connected enough to the rest of the ads or that the meat of this ad so after the hook the main the main content of the ad um is not as engaging it's not keeping as people there for longer so this is where when we dig into the into the secondary metrics we can start to pair them and start to put together a a picture and an understanding of what's going on here and combining both hook rate and with the end result and then hook rate with video average play time can help do that these are really short videos so the video average play time is all really low um and that's fine but in some scenarios you will get more uh interesting and more revealing data in these two columns if we running video ads we will also take a look at hook rate and combine that with the clicky rate link clicks remember okay so if we scroll over to our CTR and we see that certain ads have a better a really good hook rate but say a lower CTR so let's say they' got a hook rate of over 10% but a CTR of lower than 0.5% which is really quite a low CTR um for link clicks then that might tell us that the ad is engaging it's grabbing people at the beginning but people aren't convinced enough to go ahead and click once they've watched the video ad so there might be two fixes for that either you just need to improve your Auer like the ad got their attention they were interested it was engaging but they got the offer they understood what it was and they were like I'm not really interested in this that could be a possibility or it could be that there's just not enough proof that you can deliver on what your promise is so if we ran an ad for our Facebook advertising services for example and we put something really engaging in the front and got a really good um hook rate but we weren't getting a lot of clicks it might be like okay we're putting this in front of say cold audiences they don't believe that we can deliver the results that we're talking about therefore we need to show more proof in our case we need to show more testimonials screenshots of client accounts things like that so that might be another way to fix it so you can diagnose okay we've got people to this stage but if they're just not clicking through they're not they're either not interested enough in the offer or they don't believe we can deliver on the promise well enough so that's what we then need to address in the next video ads that we create try and put in more proof or try and improve the offer so we can increase that click-through rate that might be something that we look to to diagnose in this scenario we've got decent click-through rates um on all three of these video ads it's not as um revealing in fact the click-through rates correlate somewhat with the hook rate so that doesn't really indicate that this is a problem in this scenario but I'm just trying to run you through example scenarios of what might happen there and when we might make that change so leaving hook rate behind um another metric that we might look at in conjunction with how everything's performing would be clickthrough rate so if we take a look at our clickr rate and we see it's good anything above 1% is decent if you're getting over say 2% you're doing really well remember this is link clicks not um all clicks uh because of very different things so let's say we're getting a good clickthrough rate a 1.5 click-through rate or something for something really solid um but we're not people aren't actually converting so let's say we're advertising an e-commerce uh business we're advertising products directly and we're getting a conversion rate from people who have clicked to be able to convert that's like .7% anything under 2% would normally be considered on the core aside for uh for an e-commerce business although again that can vary massively um then that tells us that the landing page isn't doing the job then it's not an ads issue at all the ad if it's a video ad it got them to engage it got them to click if it's an image ad it got them to click through um and they're just getting to the landing page and they're not taking the next step could be because the landing page isn't congruent enough could be because on the landing page there's like a shipping fee that people didn't expect it could be because there's not enough proof not enough testimonials and reviews and things like that of of the product service to get them to take the next step but it helps us diagnose okay this is the issue good click-through rate but bad overall results there's a good chance that um that's because the landing page isn't doing its part of the job and isn't doing as well as it could be now of course you have to run these things through a common sense filter because you could have an ad that is like engagement bait almost um designed to get people to interact with it gets lots of clicks but you're not really promoting the product or service in its entirety or properly in the ad and therefore doesn't convert that's not really the landing page is because there's not enough congruity between the ad and the landing page in that sort of scenario so you do need to run all these things through a common sense filter um but hopefully that's a good framework of a few examples there of like okay if this happens might be because of this if this doesn't happen it might be because of this and you can go about optimizing and working on the things that are the constraint of your sales funnel improving those and hopefully getting better results and I just want to reiterate that you don't want to optimize in the first instance for metrics like cpms uh cpcs even hook rate uh clickthrough rates things like that in the first instance you want to be optimizing based on your cost per conversion or your return on ad spend and that's because some of the times these metrics they won't correlate so you might have row ass numbers that like we showed an example here with the hook rate being 16% for one ad versus 10% for another ad but the 16% hook rate ad is producing a more expensive cost per purchase than the um 10% uh hook hook rate ad so sometimes they won't correlate and there are all sorts of reasons for that so let's take C cpms for example so that's cost per thousand Impressions some advertisers will optimize for the lowest cpms thinking cheaper Facebook ads it's like right but your cpms are going to be more expensive if your ads are being put in front of higher quality audiences because other advertisers want to reach them that's why they're more expensive to advertise to Facebook ads operates with an auction system the more uh demand there is for certain individuals to have ads put in front of them the more you are going to pay to reach them and guess what high net worth individuals business owners a lot of people that you want to be advertising to they're going to cost more to advertise to so you might see a high CPM but you might convert a lot better because these people are a better quality audience uh likewise with click-through rates an image ad will very often get a better click-through rate than a video ad because it's so easy and quick and simple to consume and particularly if there's any curiosity around it people to click through but maybe they don't convert as well once they get to the landing page because there's there wasn't the video ad there to help them convert to help convince them to buy the product or service whereas with the video ad less people go through it so less people click but you've laid a lot of the groundwork and the foundations to help get people to the point where they're going to be um ready to convert so don't optimize for those use those to understand what's going on and then inform your future ad creation is there a discrepency between link clicks and landing page views yes big one okay have we got an issue with campaign setup I we using traffic campaigns and our ads are being shown on the Audience Network or um is there an issue with the landing page load speed okay are hook rates really good average play time is rubbish right so that Hook's good but we need to fix the rest of the video out average play time is good hook rate's good but CTR is low okay people don't like the offer or there's not enough proof so you can go through these things and based on what you see you pair these secondary metrics you get a picture and that can help um inform and I know that's all a little bit bitty and can be a bit confusing but hopefully you've uh grabbed some some helpful things there right one other thing I want to go through um as part of analysis I think it's really really useful is looking at the chart data Cu uh Matt has done a really good job I think of giving us more information that's going to help us improve our results so if we click alongside this uh this ad up here the one that's had most of the spending got most of the conversions and then once we've uh selected it we can go ahead and click on view charts right so we can see basic data like you know 60 website purchases £25 each ,00 spent on it so you can see it's relatively short time frame this has run for um and then we can go down and see some really interesting demographic data so you can see that advertising this Facebook ads Mastery offer um it is 83% mail which is really quite High um and the cost per result was better um advertising to men now I wouldn't necessarily use this data and then go and change our targeting settings but what I might do is change the messaging on future ads so 83% is probably not quite enough for us to be like specifically speaking to men in our ad copy but if that was 93% I'd be like we probably want to directly make it very clear and I'm sure you've seen ads that directly speak to him directly speak to men directly speak to all different groups of people um in their copy because that could help improve our performance with that group yes it will put off a a different subsection of people but if we're already getting the vast majority of results from one subsection you know this could be gender it could be age it could be all sorts of things right um then you might want to go ahead and uh and make that change platform data is also really interesting you can take a look at you know reach is slightly higher on Instagram versus Facebook but you can see that 36 results generated from Facebook purchases 24 from Instagram with a similar amount spent so shows that Facebook is significantly better performer for uh this offer I was say for my business but that's not necessarily true across the board uh for this offer specifically SC down we can see all the ad previews and stuff um see this is a Facebook ads Mastery ad and then we get down to this and I think this for video ads is absolutely fantastic so this shows the drop off as people are going through um the video ad what they're seeing and you can see it in time with with what's going on like how many people made it through to 75% how many people made it through to various percentages but I actually think the line is the most useful and what you'll see here I think is really valuable is where do you get more of a drop off than you might expect and where do you get less of a drop off than you might expect so this is kind of smaller Hopey we can see it zoomed in so between 13 seconds and 14 seconds if it moves over you can see if I move my cursor right the way there's there's a bit more of a dip just down there the same happens between where are we uh same happens between 10 seconds and 11 seconds there's like just this little bit more of a dip than if that curve was was going along so that shows me that whatever we're doing in that second specifically not so great maybe we don't do that next time cuz people aren't as interested okay whereas there are other parts that are completely flat so if you look between 8 seconds and 10 seconds that's basically completely flat you can see 6% of people are making it between those time frames so whatever we've got there is great people are really liking that they're sticking around and then there be other flat section I mean this section even goes up right so we've got here between 14 seconds we've got 4% and 15 seconds it actually goes up to 5% now that may not be correct that might be because this is as you can see at the bottom still in development it might be not right but that might show that okay that part's really like absolutely that part is great um that's holding people so you can really get into the data here and you can see like you know there's obviously always going to be a big drop off at the beginning but if you go through an analyze the various sections particularly obviously with video ads you can see okay do less of the stuff that gets people to stop watching more of the stuff that holds people's retention and that's going to increase your average play time and most likely uh improve your results cuz if more people watch the video more people make it to the end more people click on the link more people go ahead and purchase become a lead Etc so spend a little bit of time in this not just looking at the demographic platform data but also if you've got a video ad really digging into um this information here I think it's it's really valuable so hopefully that is helpful when it comes to analyzing your Facebook ads and improving your results if it is please go ahead and subscribe just takes half a second and I will see you on another video very soon

  Top Comments:
  1. @BenHeath [7 likes]: Get personal Meta Ads feedback from me (live) for less than $60 per session:
👉 https://www.skool.com/benheath/about
Let my agency run your Meta ads for you:
👉 https://heathmedia.co.uk/done-for-you/
  2. @sheikhmudassir7193: What is the formula for Hook Rate?
  3. @bdc-muzik: Those bugs are maddening
  4. @JeffreyColemanMc-x3w: 👍
  5. @verdeath2657: thanks!
  6. @Alim.alHakim: Help me understand, I have a 16% unique link click-through ratio, am I tripping or....
  7. @yarahikal4249: This was really helpful. Thank you!
  8. @rorisangkhadienyane6095: This is an amazing video. I'm a beginner but I have learned so much. Advice, as a beginner, watch Meta Ads beginner video (" How to create Mets Ads") first before coming here for better contect and understanding metrics better.
  9. @gavinwiener: 14:15 

So would it be correct in saying...if we're driving them to a call or webinar (where the sale happens on the backend), we're going to optimise for cost per result (which would be an opt-in, call booked, or registration for example)

(We just might have to push that data back using Meta CAPI)

But then again, couldn't you push back a "Purchase" event as well and optimise for Return on Ad Spend still?
  10. @JamTradings: Not sure if you'll see this but I've been enjoying your content and I just wanted to run this past you if possible please.

I have a product that makes around £5 if one of them sells. The sale price is £12.50 (plus £2.15 of free P&P if total order £20+) I had another meta ads youtuber (who I'm not going to name) tell me these are bad numbers and impossible to scale. Most I've had so far is 4 sales of a £30 ad spend and my account is still fairly new as am I to meta ads in general. My BEROAS is about 3.05 which I definitely wouldn't have said is bad but hearing that it is has kinda took the wind out of my sales. I've sold over 1000 of these on eBay and I felt like they would be a good product to kickstart my store. Not only that but a lot of my products sit around this profit so if they really are crappy numbers then it's not looking good for me lol any type of feedback is greatly appreciated
  11. @wisdomezeoguchannel: Thank you so much Ben. I’m subscribed already.

Your videos are void of ambiguity, truth-centered and easy to follow. Thank you once more.
  12. @duddukurikishore1305: Who are going to watch this video, I say one thing to you, 100 % it's a worth video to watch.
  13. @THEHVACSQUAD: any advice for HVAC business owners on how to advertise?
  14. @smiless101: Iam running fb ads and having 1.5%ctr with high link clicks but the conversion is zero why ?? Note : customer goes to whatsup business after clicking ads and that's my intention but no one messaging me why ?! I need help here urgently 😢
  15. @haleymcdonald197: Hi! I don’t see hook rate as an option. Also, it is normal to have very high CPMs when you first start off with a new ad account?
  16. @snigddhaphalke9856: THE video i was looking for! I am so glad i found this! I have struggling with analysis since some time now. Thanks a lot for this video Ben! 

I would really love to see a video like this on google search ads campaign performance analysis!
  17. @jamesh7395: Awesome, value content - thank you.
  18. @CasualCravers-fashion: more talk but no in hand teching
  19. @MusheghHakobyan-o7z: This was really helpful. Thanks man for making this video.
  20. @lucabongers-q1k6g: is this only sales or?

- The NEW Meta Ads Strategy That Scales (2026): Kind: captions Language: en Most people running meta ads are still operating on strategy that stopped working a few years ago and their numbers are showing, but they still can't figure out why. Now, I've created thousands of ad creatives and scaled brands past 1 million per month with meta ads. And whenever I audited and compared brand that is struggling to scale or plateauing versus a brand that's scaling really, really fast, the main differences I see is adaptation to the new algorithm as well as creative testing strategy. So, I want to show you what the actual strategy is that is currently performing on meta and scaling brands. Before I do that, I want to quickly cover common myths that prevent brands from scaling because those strategies have been working years ago, but they are not working now past the end of the meta update. Now, myth number one is the creative volume. Many brands misunderstand the end of the update and think, "Okay, the end of the update is about creative volume. Now, you got to run more and more ads. And to even have a chance of performance, you need to launch way more ads." Now, this is a misconception that's commonly spread, but the truth is far from it. If you're testing 30 or even 50 [music] ads per week, but you can't tell exactly why your winning ads are winning. Is it the hook? Is it the ad style? Is it the pain point mentioned there? Is it some emotional triggers? Is it the persona that you're targeting there? Is it the awareness level of the ad? If you can't name exactly what's working there and why, you're just wasting resources on your high creative volume. Because in the end, if you prioritize high creative testing volume, but you are not sure why they perform, you don't have a framework to analyze them, you don't have a framework to derive learnings from the winners, but also from the losers to inform your next ideation and to actually improve your hit rate, then you're really just guessing on a high budget. And you might get some winners like that, but then the next month, it's again up to luck. And if you want predictable scale every single month, you want to rely on luck as little as possible. This is why a proper creative system is important. If you're currently running such a high volume that you think it's impossible for one person to go through all your ads and really analyze what's working and what's not and why and make hypotheses about that >> [music] >> and then take this information and feed it into your next ideation, that is a sign for the fact that you're running way too many ad creatives. If you're in this position, you want to reduce your creative volume. You won't hear this advice often, but if you reduce your creative volume, you are actually able to analyze exactly why your winners are winning, why your losers are losing, what you should avoid in your next ad creation, and what you should make more of. This will give you direction in the next ad creation, and you will exactly know what kind of ads to make to have a high hit rate, to get more winning ads, and [music] ultimately that's the goal. Not having as many ads tested as possible, having as many winning ads as possible. And often the solution is not to increase your creative volume even further when you already have no clue what you're doing, but instead reduce creative volume so you have an overview of what you're doing. And from there you can ramp up volume slowly. To prove this point, let's just do some quick maths. I know many brands are testing 30 or 50 ads per week. Let's take 30 ads per week. Now, let's say you're incapable of analyzing all of them and making clear hypotheses for them. So, that will obviously affect your hit rate, and let's say that because of that approximately 5% of all your ads are winning ads. Now, if you're testing 30 ads per week, that means that 1.5 ads of those will turn out to be winning ads that can actually scale your brand. Now, if you also have one or two ads burn out every single uh week, you're stagnating. If you have three ads burning out every single week, then you're actually scaling down. Let's take this and compare this to someone who's only testing 10 ads per week. All those are all highly intentional, you know exactly what you're testing and why. You analyze them, and you feed this into your next ad creation. This is exactly my approach when testing ads, and this allows me to have a hit rate of 20 to 40% on most brands we work on. So, if we just assume a hit rate of 30% 10 ads, [music] that gives us three winning ads per week. You can see even though brand A is testing three eggs the amount of ads, brand B with only 10 ads per week has a double amount of winners per week and scales faster. And this is really something you want to dial in because as long as you're just testing as many ads as possible, hoping that something hits, as long as you're doing that, you're just gambling and hoping something will improve. And this might work for a while, but if you want predictable growth, you need to switch from that system to a system of intentionality, where you know exactly who you target, why you target them, and what the next steps are based on your learnings. So, the second big misconception is audience targeting. It worked quite well many years ago, like 2018. It's almost 10 years ago if I think about it. But basically, the way you utilize this is you find a winning ad, then you just put this winning ad into new ad sets. You duplicate the ad set, you change the audience, you set some new interest tags, or you [music] test a specific audience, or maybe a look-alike, a custom audience. And then, if you're lucky, this is a new audience that the creative will go out to. And because the ad is already proven and now shown to another audience that also converts, [music] you get more scale in the ad accounts. Now, this strategy is completely dead. And the brands [music] that still rely on that are really just focusing their resources on the wrong thing. If you're struggling to scale, it's it's not about the settings you're using to launch your ads in 98% of all cases. It's really as simple as launching your ads on a broad audience. The Facebook algorithm will take your ad, and then it will just match with the people that naturally resonate with it. Just think of it like an organic post. If you post organically, do you set interest tags? Do you set look-alikes? You do none of that. Still, there are videos that are getting millions of views. Why is that the case? Well, it's the case because Meta is simply looking Okay, what's the message of this video? How is it packaged? Okay, [music] this video appeals to women that are like 25 to 35, have a child, and [music] don't have enough time for their life, let's say, right? Okay, so we match this video with exactly this audience. It's >> as simple as that. And if you're thinking oh, you can media buy hack some special audiences and unlock them, it's simply false. It was a strategy many years ago, now it's not. So, if your ads are not scaling, it's not about what settings should I change, it's about what ads can I make that will actually scale. I want you to take this as the second big lesson from this video. Just laser into your brain the ad creative does the targeting. [music] It's not the ad settings, it's the ad creative. It's what you say on the ad creative. So, if you want to appeal to an elderly audience, you just call out whatever their concern is. If [music] you want to appeal to Gen Z, you just call out whatever their concerns, and you package that into formats that resonate with them. So, for example, for an older audience, a newsletter style ad might work well. For a younger audience, a Yuppie ad might work well. As with every test you run, you want to be sure who you target, and you want to use very specific language that targets exactly those people, and that way you scale. Not by taking the proven message and just launching it with different settings. In fact, that's even counterproductive. But, instead, if you have an ad that appeals to a female audience, and now you want to take the same angle and also sell [music] to men, then you simply do not change the setting to men, but instead, you just use a message that resonates with men, and recreate the ad. All right, misconception number three is something that became big since the Andromeda update, and again, this is a misunderstanding of the update, just like with the creative volume. People get told something like with the audience targeting, "Oh, Meta is actually very smart. It figures it out by itself. So, just set the audience to broad." [music] But, some people take this too literal. They take all their ads, and they say, [music] "Meta will figure it out." And they put everything into one ad set, and then they're just hoping and praying. Again, this is not what the update was about. Yes, Meta will figure out the right audience for you, but it's not a free ticket to launch random ads into one ad set and just hope and pray that something will hit. If you want to do that, the casino's a better place to do so. Instead, you want to utilize ad sets to support you deriving learnings from your ad. This is where actual split testing strategy comes into play. I'm sure you're aware that any concept you prepare, you have different ways of executing it. And this is exactly what you should do here. Instead of launching your ads just randomly into one ad set, you want to utilize ad sets to structure a split test of your idea. So, if you have a specific idea, so let's say you want to test a fondue style ad, then film three different hooks that go into three different angles or resonate with three different audiences that you think will get [music] hooked and watch this video, and execute the rest of the ad the same way, and launch all of those in just one ad set. Now, if you run them, Meta will spend on one of them the most budget, not on all of them. And this will tell you, "Hey, this angle, this hook is actually resonating with your audience the most." And what's genius about this is that your ad doesn't even need to be a winning ad. It can be a losing ad, but because you know, "Oh, like most of the budget goes to version A," you know that this resonates most with your audience. So, you know that in your next ideation, you should go into that direction. And this is what people mean by Meta is smart. Not just throw everything into one ad set and just turn off your brain, but if Meta prefers one ad, then this ad is very likely resonating. And you should do more with this angle. You should do more with this audience. You should do more with this kind of ad format. Now, if you're still not sure how such a split testing version would look like, this is how it looks like. Here we have a video for the drain fly killing product, but the hooks go into three different angles. One is problem agitation, one is failed solutions, and the third one is the limiting belief angle. I'll just play the video so you get an idea. >> Ever notice how those flies keep coming back even after you've deep cleaned the kitchen? Drain flies breed in the organic sludge that builds up deep inside your pipes. Even if you scrub your kitchen spotless, they're going to keep coming back because you're not removing the breeding ground. And homemade hacks, like boiling water, vinegar, baking soda, they only work on the surface. That sludge stays trapped. The flies keep breeding and suddenly they're everywhere. That's where >> It's fast [music] act. So, this is how the ad works overall. Then, of course, we have USB, CTA, and so on. But, the hook goes into problem identification. If you remember, it was about deep cleaning the kitchen and the flies are still coming back. Now, the second video is about failed solutions. >> Boiling water, vinegar, bleach, none of it works to get rid of the pesky flies in your kitchen and bathroom. And here's why. Drain flies breed in the organic >> If you already remember, it continues in the same way, right? And then, the third version going into false beliefs. >> Those annoying little flies buzzing around your kitchen, they're not coming from your trash or fruit basket. They're living inside your pipes. Drain flies breed in >> And then, it continues in the same way. So, this is an example of such a split test, and you want to run one split test in each ad set. This way, you can derive learnings and then feed it into your next ideation. Very, very crucial. This is literally what ad sets are for right now. Otherwise, if you just run everything in one ad set and literally put everything in there, why even have ad sets? It would make sense only have a campaign and ads inside, and why even have ad sets? But, this is exactly what ad sets are for, so use them. For the next common misconception since Andromeda is creative diverse. People say, "Oh, now you need creative diversity." So, brands go and search for people that can film them podcast style ads, street interview ads. They search for static ad AI agencies, or maybe they build their own static creative system. They try to collect all those different creative formats. Now, technically speaking, yes, this is exactly what you should do for Andromeda. But, the problem is that while you try to collect all of them, most of the time they get produced by different people. They don't communicate enough, and then you have a very different message in all of them. And you need to understand that every person who converts on maybe people who convert, they don't convert after seeing the first ad. They watch maybe one, two, three, four ads, and then they convert. And if you have different ad formats that are inconsistent in their messaging [music] and the angle. It will go to completely different people and you don't really have a well-working funnel, right? A well-working funnel is when you have one educational top of funnel ad. Then they go and watch a raw testimonial video, which builds trust. And then they see an offer ad. And then they buy, right? So, they go through the whole journey, top of funnel, middle of funnel, bottom of funnel. This is exactly what your funnel should look like and this is why creative diversity is important. But, the key part about it is that you shouldn't just have as many ads as possible, as many different and diverse ads as possible, but they should all be consistent and well-engineered, basically like propaganda. Countries have huge budgets that brands can only dream of to create propaganda. And how do they convey this propaganda? They have different formats. They have different channels. They use TV. They use newsletters. They use independent creators that post on Twitter and Instagram. And this is their full funnel approach. This is how they convince you of a thing that's maybe not true. Well, now we don't have as huge budgets, but if you actually run a proper brand, our benefit is that it is actually true what we are saying and we just need to plan out a good funnel structure. So, you should have street interview ads, podcast-style ads, raw talking ads, UGC ads, AI ads, but they should be all consistent in their messaging. You should be thinking, "Okay, first the first person will see this video, then this, then this, then they will convert." Of course, you can't really predict what will happen, but a good approach is that whenever you find a winning core message, right? And again, this is why it's crucial that you actually analyze your ads and make hypotheses about why they're performing. As soon as you find a winning >> core message, you want to take this message and repackage it into multiple different formats. So, if you have, for example, an ad calling out cheap competitors and that's a static ad and it says, "Beware of imitations" and there's the headline, and then you go through three bullet points what your competitors don't have and what you do better, and that's the reason why they should go for your product, then next make a video about it. Make a mashup video where you literally use the same headline as the hook and then go through the three bullet points like a listical style ad. And that ad is so likely to perform, you can't believe it. We have a hit rate of more than 50% on such ads. And that is what is meant by creative diversity. So, once you analyze exactly what is working, right? Let's say the core message is the working thing. Then you repackage it into many different formats. If you analyze and find, "Huh, this format is the working variable, actually. This is what boosts the core message." Then just go and prepare this format for all other angles that are also performing. And this is how you actually create consistent creative diversity that enriches the funnel and doesn't work against each other. And now, another big misconception that links actually directly to this creative diversity thing is AI ads. Many people think that, "Oh, AI ads are performing so well. I just should leverage them. Or they are so cheap. Now, the future is to only pump out AI ads." That's actually not quite true. AI ads is just one of the formats that is performing well, and it is a new format. So, if you take your core message that is proven >> and package it into a 3D character animation AI ad, it's very likely to perform because it's very entertaining. It has a proven message, and it is a new format. So, this new format will find its new audience and convert those people. This is how the Android update works. Now, is the reason that they perform that it is an AI ad? Well, maybe partially because it's kind of entertaining, but the core thing is still the message. And AI ads are just another format. So, yes, have AI ads. It's one format, but don't ever think, "Oh, no, it's all about AI ads. Now, I can go full in. Now, I can fire all my content creators." No, that's not true. It's just one ad type. It's just one format. [music] So, you want to definitely leverage them as well, but don't rely on them. So, those are the things you want to be focusing on since the Android update. This is the strategy that works, and that we are literally using right now to scale multiple brands past 1 million per month, and some of them close to 3 and 4 million per month. You want to set up one main campaign, have multiple ad sets, and each ad set represents one split test of a specific hypothesis that you thought of before and set up to split test a specific thing. You launch them on broad targeting. You don't set any audience crap. You derive learnings from every single ad set >> and as soon as you find something winning, you take it and repackage it into as many ad formats as possible. This is literally the game plan. There's no other secret, no other no other secret setting, no other audience that will scale only this executed very well and at a high level. Now, if you want me to go and execute this for your brand, click the first link in the description. This is exactly what I do for brands that want to scale to seven or eight figures. But also, if you yourself want to learn more about what changes and revenue that brought with it and how exactly you should be running those split tests that I mentioned in this video, check out this video. I've explained it there in even more detail. Keep scaling. Bye-bye.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Wumiii-z4l: Would love to see more videos from you on how to create winning ads using AI

- The Best AI Ad Creative Strategy for 2026: Kind: captions Language: en Most brands are using AI to create ads completely wrong. They'll fire up an AI tool to generate 50 ads in an afternoon. They roll them all into their ad account and wonder why nothing is working. The volume is there, but the quality isn't. And I get it because AI tools are everywhere right now and they make it seem stupidly easy to create content. But creating ads and creating winning ads are two completely different things. My team and I manage millions of dollars in ad spend for nearly 100 direct-to-consumer e-commerce brands across literally every category. I've also helped over 600 brands inside the number one Facebook ads community on the internet. And what I can tell you is that brands that are absolutely crushing it right now are not using AI as a standalone creative strategy. They're using it as an accelerant on top of their creative strategy. So, in this video, I'm going to break down the exact AI creative ad strategy that's working right now in 2026. And like always, this is the actual thing that me and my team were doing right now for all of our brands. So, the thing we need to understand first that's critically important is the old way of Facebook ads versus the new way. The old way took an audience and you created ads for that particular audience. You grouped them in either an ad set or a campaign. The new way focuses on a concept that matches to that audience. And put in a more complex way, you have avatars that create audiences. You've heard creative is your targeting before. That is avatars automatically find your audience. When you take an avatar and put a template in that avatar together, that creates an ad concept. And I'm going to show you how you could do this all in one shot. Okay, so the tool that I like to use for this is called Super Scale. We literally have all of our brands in here. We've been using this for a while now and we've noticed that it actually gets smarter in time. But just for the sake of this video, I'm going to start it from scratch. Now, keep in mind, you could do similar things on your own time with very complex prompts in like Nano Banana or other places as well that are mostly cheaper or free. But what I want to focus on now is what actually drives the best results because one winning ad could genuinely change your entire ad account and your whole business. So my focus here is quality. So what we're going to do in this case, we're going to create a new brand so you could see everything completely from scratch. And all I'm going to have to do here with Superscale is give it my website URL. So to keep things simple, we're going to use Grooons because everybody likes Grooons. We're going to drop in the Grooons URL here and what this actually does, which I think is why it's so much better than basically every other AI platform, at least the ones that I've used, is it's actually analyzing the website or competitors and it's putting together a brand book for us. So what it will do in just a few seconds here is on the left-hand side, you're going to see something pop up here that says projects in context. And as this updates over time, it's actually building branding guidelines, things we don't want to say, things we do want to say, must-haves, don't do's, etc. This is going to allow us to have a context file that grows as we use more. So just on my first output here, we can see that it now added 10 products to our workspace. So I can go here and I could change to any of my products. So we could just use like the main Grooons one if we want to, very simply put. And now it knows that it's looking at that individual product. So it's going to be even more relevant to whatever I ask it. Now without even giving it any more information, which to be honest is kind of crazy. You should give this more and more and more information to get a better result. I'm just going to click one button here, which is create static ads for Grooons flagship adult gummies. We can literally just prompt one line here. It's going to go through a process of looking specifically at the entire supplement space for gummies. This again is the difference maker. It's researching what's working in the supplement gummy space. So specific to the niche of the brand that we've entered. It's finding our own image ads based on what's actually working. And by the way, just a side note, you can actually connect your meta account in here. So for the brands that we are actively managing, we have our actual data in here. So, we could actually see if the ads are actually working based on any KPI we tell it, not just like relevance scores or impressions that the Facebook Ads Library actually gives. In this research here, it's just using broad Facebook Ads Library knowledge, but if we actually hook this up to the ad account, it can go a step further, look at conversions, purchases, cost per, return on ad spend, whatever we need. So, after it's looked at our own image ads, the next thing it does is it looks for everything in our niche. So, it's looking at a bunch of different competitors here. It's also looking for greens supplement powders, aka Athletic Greens. It's going to find similar to our brand. Then it's putting together what it believes are our matching competitors based on brands that are actually working. So, it's looked at AG1, [clears throat] Olly, Ritual, Bloom. I would actually consider these to be all the top brands. SmartyPants is another good one in here, Nature Made, another good one in here. And then it's taking these competitors and it's finding their top performing ads based on what's run the longest and what's getting impressions according to the Facebook Ads Library. So, we have AG1 top ads, Lemme Gummies top ads, Goli top ads, and the list goes on and on and on. Okay, so I paused the video here because this just went on for like 5 minutes and basically did an insane amount of research. Like it kept going and going and going. I think everyone probably understands that my creative team handles this most of the time, so I'm even more blown away when I see just how deep this research actually goes. I mean, this has likely saved hours of work to get the correct output. And we can see now on the right side, after it's checked the top ads in the greens ad account and dozens of other competitors, it basically found a few different angles. And literally, it says angles, just like I've talked about in the previous 2 minutes here. It has different angles that it's going to focus on. It's now creating automatic outputs in real time. You could see it popping up. Automatic outputs of these angles that actually will work for this business. Okay, the outputs are in. We've created nine ad concepts. You can see they actually format them by concept and angle, the same thing that I've been talking about for literally years. And we can see them here on the right side. So, I want to just mention here, when you use AI of any kind, one of the biggest problems, as I've said many times now, is that you get losers. You think it all looks good, but most of the ads are actually just slop. They don't look good. They don't perform well. So, what I expect when I actually insert the correct prompt with a ton of context is a significantly stronger result, and that's what we get here. I don't expect 10 out of 10 every time, but 50% when I was able to click that button, wait about 5 minutes, and actually get high-quality ads is off the charts. So, here's what we got here. On the right-hand side, we have 60 ingredients, one gummy. That is a standout, clear format that we've seen work before. So, you can actually see in this here where and what ad this was inspired by. So, it takes the angle and then takes the inspired by right in front of us. Okay, let's just go through the rest of these. Next one here is Traveler's New Bestie. So, this is taking that New Bestie, the GLP-1 New Bestie format with the traveling concept here, which could work pretty well. Next is GLP-1's New Bestie, which is a proven concept that we already know. And by the way, I could take any of these. This is a 4x5 format, and I could just click this button, and it will make automatically for me a 9x16 like that. Moving on to the next one, we have a lifestyle in kitchen. Honestly, I don't love this one that much. I'd probably skip it or make different generations of it. Clinically studied that actually works. We know this is a concept that actually works for Grüns already. iPhone notes, this is really, really crafty. This is cool that they've actually done this for us. Things that actually changed my health this year, those green gummies from Grüns replacing my six bottles of supplements, that was life-changing. Super smart, super crafty. Replace your entire supplement shelf, 60 nutrient-dense ingredients, one grab-and-go pack. I mean, super smooth. My poops have never been this good. Again, like straight-up attacking the avatar. We know this is a proven concept, so it was able to find what was proven in the ad account and make more of it. You could also do one more thing that I really like right here, and you can go to the expert library, and this is going to show you a dozen and one prompts from all different kinds of angles that you could steal for yourself. I think this is insanely valuable because most of the time creating the prompts are what's going to give you the most outsized result for high-quality creative. So, in this case, let's say I wanted to do something as simple as a winning ad iteration. They have a prompt built in here for you. You can click use right here and enter it with a brand with a product that you want and add any additional context. So, it's all pre-built, very easy to go, and you could save these as well. Also in here, which I think is crazy valuable, and this is brand new, they have skills. So, we could do things like top of funnel creative testing. We could do things like weekly creative briefs all built into here, which is crazy valuable. And the last thing that I didn't call out too much today because we've been focused on static ads is there's actually a big video library. So, they've generated dozens and dozens of characters that you could prompt from, and you know those characters are high-quality cuz they've already created the back end of the character. The cool part about this is we actually have access to Sora and Seedance in here. Both models are the top two models right now, for sure. Sora and Seedance, too, by far, long shot, the best models right now. For me personally, having dozens of these prompts available at my fingertips and the fact that they're being updated constantly is huge for me. This really, really helps with the production of my team. Allows everyone to be on the same page using the right prompts. It's like getting handed everything on a silver platter. Probably the best right now when it comes to actually being able to build a variety of ads without overload and making you do hours of research just to put a prompt in when most of the times those ads come out as duds anyway. Okay, now that you understand where me and my team are creating ads, let me show you how to actually implement these ads into your account and a very clear testing structure that you can follow. Really that focuses on limiting wasted spend but still allows your new ads to get tested properly. Because you can create so many ads, but if the right ones aren't getting spend, you're really not going to get a good result. So, basically what we like to do is we follow a modular-based system. At a very simple, high level, we have a prospecting campaign and a retention campaign. All we're going to focus on is the prospecting campaign. Now, in the prospecting campaign, every time we launch a new round of creative, we launch it as a new pack. So, you can see here I have broad pack one, broad pack two, broad pack three. It might just be one pack for you today, and it might be 100 packs for you in the future. You're going to pause things down, you're going to keep things, you're going to make changes along the way, but we use a modular pack-based system. New ads, new pack. New ads, new pack. New concept, new pack. And we generally like to keep the packs grouped by avatar. So, if I was Groom's, for example, I would not be putting the hoop ads into the hair ads same ad set. But, I would keep these into a campaign. Really simply put, new ads into new packs. Inside those, there could be anywhere from two creatives in a pack to 10. Really, the sweet spot tends to be four to eight ads in a pack. Seems to be enough angles these days to actually test adequately without overcompensating with too many different angles. The next thing we like to do on these packs is we set seven-day minimum budgets. So, what this looks like at the ad set level is when you go into your ad set, which will be your pack, as we're calling it, and you go down to the budget section. You're going to see ad set spending limits. Right here, we use a dollar value amount, and we set this dollar value amount to one time our cost per acquisition target. If our CPA target is $50, then yes, we just enter $50 right here. It is that simple. If you are spending not too much money, and you don't know how much to put here because $50 is going to be like 30% of your budget, cap it at 20% maximum. And then after 7 days, you are taking that $50, this minimum, and you're removing it. You just click this button, you remove that minimum, and then you allow it to run freely. What this does in effect is it basically allows the new ads that we launch in the new packs to get tested. They get a fair chance at your target CPA. If they work, they're going to spend over the amount. If they don't work, they're going to fade and scale down. And then perhaps the most important part, the iteration engine. Right, so you've understood now how to one-shot new ad creatives, whether they're static or videos. You probably know still that this is not an all supplement to all creative. You still need to be producing your own creative. But what do you do when you have a winning ad in your ad account? To find your winning ad in your ad account, what you want to do first is go into your main prospecting campaign, go to all of your ads, and go to your column set, compare attribution window, incremental attribution. What this is going to show you is the ads that actually drove revenue incremental to the business that wouldn't have happened without this ad. Once you select this, you're going to take your top ads by incremental revenue and incremental ROAS, and you want to produce more. Simply put, just produce variations. Now, we could take those variations, we could pop them back into Super Scale, and literally just ask for variations, or you could just tweak them on your own. Either way is completely fine. The important part of this is just like Grunts, they are taking their best angles, and they are creating a variety of iterations on top of those best angles. Iterations are not one word in the headline changing. Iterations are a decent swing. In old-school Facebook, this would have just been considered a totally new ad. These days, it's just considered an iteration or a variation of an existing winning concept. The biggest mistake I see when people are running AI ads is treating it like a magic button, where you just create a bunch of ads, throw them into your ad account, and hope for the best. Now, I walked you through my exact system. I previewed how we implemented these creatives into our ad accounts. But if you want to see a way more detailed account of how we actually take ads, put them in the account, the exact settings, step-by-step-by-step-by-step, then click this video right here where I go through my entire strategic setup for 2026. I hope you got a ton of value out of this. Let me know if you did in the comments below, and I will also link all of the tools that I used throughout this video in the comments as well. That's all for today. I will see you in the next one.

  Top Comments:
  1. @bradynzambrano2744 [5 likes]: Is there any software you’d recommend for a lead gen agency? To generate more creatives like this. We currently work in generating leads for Final Expense life insurance. 

Your vids are very helpful thank you!
  2. @Marcelo.kovasc [4 likes]: Thanks for the video!! What's your opinion on brands that focus on multiple problem areas, like hair, weight loss, fiber, etc., compared to a brand that focuses on only one solution mechanism?
  3. @SamPiliero [3 likes]: 👉 Superscale hooked us up, here is my unique link to join: https://try.superscale.ai/sampiliero
  4. @divyavardhanchaturvedi1702 [1 likes]: Hi Sam. Inside the ad set, while launching ads, are you uploading up to 10 creative assets in one ad or single creatives. This is in context of the latest format display option that meta has rolled out, where we are given the option to upload 10 creatives. How are you using that option and has it brought you notable performance?
  5. @alexanderfocke4342 [1 likes]: Insightful video, thank you! What is a good prompt you would recommend to start with?
  6. @amodi9576 [1 likes]: perfect
  7. @sudhirgupta3570 [1 likes]: tha
nk you sam. How to increase the per day spend in prospecting campaing. If i have 100 $ per day and let say i have allot of creative after some time. So how can we increase the ad spend? follow 20-30% rule or duplicate and 2-3x the ad spend.
  8. @KosarHammanan [1 likes]: Thank you once again for the amazing video it’s great. I’ve got a question please let’s say we testing out different angles and under one campaign we have 3 adsets and each adset have an angel inside with different creatives of that angel and my question is does each angle needs to have different landing page as well or can be the same?
  9. @the-youtube-helpdesk [1 likes]: This applies so well beyond ads too. AI can help create more options, but if the inputs are weak, you just get more average outputs faster. The real edge is still in understanding the avatar, the angle, the hook, and the testing system behind it.
  10. @tylerkoehler9756 [1 likes]: Just as a side note if you use this presentation elsewhere, you spelled "template" wrong in the slide at 1:26. Great video man.
  11. @alpbing: Great video Sam. Quick q before I join the Blueprint — does your skool course work for low-ticket digital product funnels ($17 front end + upsells, info product, not ecommerce/Shopify)? Still early on Meta and my gap is the decision-making (kill/scale/duplicate). Is there much for that kind of funnel?
  12. @raulgolfs: I would love to see Marlon in the Vids
  13. @fredrick745: would this tool work for SAAS?

- Facebook Marketing Strategy 2026 | Grow Your Business Fast l Analysis & Growth: Kind: captions Language: en start your Facebook marketing campaign today with the help of Facebook marketing tips like cover photo, profile image, about section, app, number, day location, village location, sylvester, etc. You can start your marketing campaign with the help of local targeting like fast tracking, ... Hoy manush ba time dhere dekh taash attraction kar problem solution daam t jake b bara smart tools vyavahar kar and wanted creative lugia like audience e dut sakte p va sales badhante p lekin e blunder na sabai apna audience na b vista taka nishtha apna shahar boss evam aag ke spechit kar rapid reply di ta minute mid reply dil [Music] competitor der chahiye egie thak sambhale kwash on [Music] delivery vyavahar kar sahaj language return policy mention kar start today kar aapnaar bbas naam [Music] comment below aa pore video te sahaj karo like share [Music] follow hope majche saale Facebook marketing di apnaar basa ban apni [Music] parben

  Top Comments:
  1. @CharlesMachimana: Thank you for the great content!
  2. @mstlamiastore3974: good job

- Correct Metrics Analysis of your Facebook Ad Campaigns!: Kind: captions Language: en-US Mmhmm. I don't care. I want my money. I want my... I don't have money to pay the electricity. You have to give me the money or I'm going to come and... Okay mum Okay mummy. Bye. Say hi to dad. Let's start. Hello Facebook Ads people. My name is Konstantinos. And today I'm going to show you how to analyze the metrics, which metrics to look and how to set up your columns in the Facebook Ads Manager. If you like the content, please subscribe and also press the like button, because it really helps me to continue producing content for you. Okay, let's start. The way that I'm going to show you is the way that I like to have my columns and the metrics that I look. I'm going to explain all of the metrics and what each one of them is showing us. But other than that, you're free to put any way that you want the columns and if it's helping you in a certain way, it's totally fine. So we are on this account over here. I have selected some campaigns to show you how it has to look. The way that you can actually add the different metrics, it's this. You can go to Columns over here. You can press Customize Columns. You will have to remove everything from the right side like this. And now the way that I like to do it is this. First of all, we have Delivery. I'm going to explain each one of them while we look at them. Reach. Then we have Unique Link Click. I care about Unique Link Clicks, and we are going to Unique Link Clicks, Cost per Unique Link Click and Unique CTR. We have Content Views, Total and Cost. We have Add to Cart, Total and Cost. We have Checkout, Total and Cost. We have Purchase, Total, Cost, Value and ROAS, of course. And then we have Budget. We have Spent, Amount Spent. We have Frequency. We have Attribution Setting and we have CPMs. Okay, then we click here. Save as preset. If you just apply it and you don't save it, then you will have to do this again and again and again. And we type the name that we want. I have already one, which I like to name it "Analytics". You can name it however you want. So the moment you will save it with your name and then it's time that you log in to the ad account again, you will be able to see it here. So here we have the one which is called "Analytics". This is mine. A very small trick here. If you're working in the same business and you are having several different ad accounts in the same business, you don't have to do this for all of the ad accounts. If you click here and you go to another account like this, now it's going to say "Custom" and you can go immediately. It has the same settings. You can click to customize columns, save as preset and save it with the name that you want. This is a very good bug that I really like to use in order for me not to actually do all the time again and again, my columns. Now, the most important thing here is to start analyzing what each one of those is and let's see them one by one. First of all, we will have to go to Delivery, which means that this is a metric that is going to show us if we're having a campaign which is active in review or whatever. Okay, then we have the Reach. It shows us how many people have actually seen our ad. Of course, all of these metrics are going to be shown based on the lifetime or the different day trains that we are going to put. So here we have the last seven days and we have the reach of 98,000 people in the last seven days. Then we have the Unique Clicks. The Unique Link Clicks. Now, for me, it's very important to actually look the Unique Link Clicks and not the clicks. What is a unique link click and what is a link click? Unique link click is when someone is actually clicking and it's a unique user. So if one person clicks five times, we have one unique link click, but five link clicks. So the most important metric for me is the unique link click and the cost per unique link click. Most of the times in most companies that they don't have very expensive items, when we see Cost per Unique Link Click below one dollar, we consider it very good. Although in order for us to understand that if it's good or bad, we need to also calculate how much does the product cost. If a product is expensive, our cost per unique link is going to be higher in most of the times. Now, in order for us to understand if a cost per unique link click is good or bad, we need to also see the Click Through Rate, the percentage of the people that are actually clicking in our ad. And when we have numbers above 2 or 2.5 or above 3, in some cases, we know that we have a very good click through rate, which is the percentage of the people that are clicking. Now, what you're going to see here is that this one which is a retargeting campaign, it has 5.77. But if you look the Return On Ad Spend over here, it's very good. And you shouldn't judge if you're going to close one campaign or if you're going to keep it based on the cost per unique link click. Cost per unique link click is an indication, especially the first steps in order for you to understand if people like your creatives, okay. Because it's very important for you to know if they like the creatives. If you have very good clicks in the platform and then they go to the site and they are not actually converting, it means that you have a problem in your pricing, in your funnel. People don't like the site. They don't find it easy to go and buy, 1000 reasons, but this is a very good metric because this is a start of your top of funnel or middle of funnel or whatever. This is a start. This is the initiation. And you know, if people are actually entering easily within the funnel or they don't like the creatives, they're not clicking them. So the ratio between cost per unique link click and unique CTR and of course, understanding the metrics on each account, for example, knowing that in this account, we know that if we have in the cold traffic something below $3 cost per unique link, we know that we are fine that our creative is working. Of course, this doesn't mean that you will not try to always improve your cost per unique link, but at the end of the day, it's very important to understand that each account is extremely different, and each account is going to have different metrics that you will have to find on your own by doing ads. And the unique CTR is a very good metric to help you understand if these are good metrics or bad. Now let's continue and let's see Content Views, okay. What is a content view and what is a page view? Content view is a metric that you're going to see when somebody is actually coming to your store and watches a category or watches a product page. If somebody goes to the home page, he's just a page view. If somebody goes to the contact page, it's a page view. The view content is for when people are actually viewing your products, either if it is on the description page or if it's going to be on the detailed product page. That means that you can actually calculate and see from the people that they are clicking if they are watching many of your products. And this is the case over here. Look, we are having unique link clicks 166 and the content use are 464. We understand by that that the people that they are clicking, they're watching more than one product. They are watching more products because it looks like the targeting is good, everything is good and people are watching more. And of course it makes sense because it's a retargeting campaign and the people that they are coming from the retargeting campaign... This is also bottom of funnel, very warm traffic. It means that they want to watch more products. They like the brand. But on the other hand, we can see that on the cold traffic campaign, we have 1653 unique link clicks and the click through rate is 3.16, very good click through rate for top of funnel and cold traffic campaign. But we can see that the content views are not even the double. It means that the people have actually watched less products from what the clicks are. So we know that as we move to the middle of funnel and bottom funnel, we will have more content views. But imagine, for example, watching in your content views that somebody is clicking from the top of funnel, cold traffic and they are actually watching more than one or two products. This is why in my YouTube video about retargeting: 4 + 1 Ways to Retarget or 5 + 1. I don't remember. I have one custom audience that I like to use, which is called view content more than once. Okay, we have a custom audience that we like to use for long-term retargeting or even lookalikes. It is a view content for the people that they have seen more than once, because when somebody enters to a page that triggers the view content event and then goes to another page, he is going to be two times view content person. And you can use the custom audience to create something good and actually retarget them or do lookalikes out of these custom audiences because these are people that apparently like to watch a lot of different items into your store. Now let's continue. We know what is Add to Cart. You can see what is Add to Cart. You can see what is check out. Sometimes there are going to be stores that the people that they're going to come and buy, they're going to skip the checkout. They have different funnels which are faster for them to check out. Add to carts for me is not a very important metric. It's just so they intend to buy. There are a lot of people that they play with the Add to Cart button. I never look the ratio between add to cart and checkout to be honest with you, but I'm watching the ratio between checkouts and purchases. What I like to see in most cases, of course, these things are changing from brand to brand, having different numbers. If you are selling an expensive refrigerator unit, it's going to have different amount of checkouts and purchases. If you are selling T-shirts, it's going to be different. In most cases, when we're talking about items that are in the good as we call it comfort zone of $25 to $40 or $50 spend, we want to see a ratio which is not going to be higher than five checkouts - one purchase. Okay, so we want to see four checkouts - one purchase, three checkouts - one purchase. I have never seen two checkouts - one purchase consistently, okay. I'm talking about big numbers. So if we see here in the checkout section 400 checkouts and we see 100 sales, it should be okay. It also depends on the numbers and what kind of return on ad spend you want to get so that you can be a sustainable business. But at the end of the day, as I said in my other videos, this is what Facebook reality is you have to analyze those numbers and see how you can improve in other aspects, because any improvement that you can do here is insignificant, and it's not going to improve the results in such a big way, which is going to influence your whole return on ad spend. And after that, we can come. This is a value. We can see that revenue that was generated in the last seven days from results, the cost per purchase, how much we are spending for each of the purchase. And we can see here the return on ad spend. Return on ad spend basically is when you divide the revenue, which is coming from the amount that you have spent. Here we are having the amount that we have spent and also the different budgets we use in a daily level. If you're having CBO campaigns.. If you don't know what CBO and ABO is, you can watch my video about CBO and ABO. I'm explaining everything there. If you have CBO campaigns, you will be able to see in the campaign level, your budget, and you can also come here and actually change it. If you have an ABO, you will have to go within the ad sets from here and actually change the individual budgets that you have for that. And then we end and we have the Frequency, which is actually... This is not what is actually happening, but it's a very easy way for you to understand. Let's say that frequency is how many people are watching your ads. A very easy way to understand it is this: if we have seven, we have to say that 100% of the people have seen our ad seven times in the last seven days and 3% of the people they have seen it eight times. So the 7.83 means that 100% of the people have seen it seven times and 83% of the people have seen it eight times. Okay, I hope it makes sense. And then we have the Attribution Setting, which is the attribution setting that we have set in our ad set level. We have talked about this in our previous videos, and this is the reason that when you pick all of them together here, you can see that you can actually see the total results. While when you're here in the total, you cannot see the total results. This is a very fast way for you to be able to see total results, but you need to use the same attribution setting. This is the reason that I'm putting it there. So that I can be able to see which campaigns I can filter by selection so that I can see the total results of all of them on the bottom. And of course, we have CPMs. I don't know why it's not added here, but we also have CPMs, as I said, which is being added at the end. And CPMs is the cost of 1000 impressions. It really helps us to understand if our ads are expensive in a period or not. And when we are seeing the CPMs, we can understand how much we are paying for 1000 impressions and what is the cost of our ads. We can understand if this is a period, that the ads are very expensive or very cheap by just watching the cost. Again, this is something that you have to check in your account. You have to check them regularly and see, for example, that "Hey, CPMs are high." This is a discussion that most of the times you have heard: CPMs are high and this is why the ads are underperforming. Okay, it means that in general, Facebook is struggling to bring good results because all of the auctions are in high spend and the results that we are getting are not as profitable as they are when we have lower CPMs that they are actually helping us to have better profitability. This is a way that you can set your columns. These are the different metrics that you should look and evaluate how your campaigns are doing. I have another video which is called CBO vs ABO and over there I'm explaining a little bit of optimisation in an ad set level in a CBO campaign and what you should look and how to optimize based on that. But other than that, I think that's enough. And these are all the metrics that I like to see. Let's go for the wrap up of this video. So this is the way to do it. I hope you liked the video and you found it helpful. Don't forget that you can always follow me on all of my social media. press the like button, leave your comment below. I like really to read all of your comments and I'm always trying to answer. Don't forget that if you want to learn more about Facebook Ads, you can take my courses or see my book. And don't forget that until we meet again, be creative and be consistent in the universe and in the metaverse.

  Top Comments:
  1. @stickmangoesviral [1 likes]: Wow this was really helpful! Thanks
  2. @KonstantinosDoulgeridis: Hey everyone, I hope you enjoyed this video! I created a FREE Facebook ads course for you! Enroll right now using this link: https://www.facebookads-master.com/offers/rWxzLAcb/checkout
  3. @sagar-kx: What do you consider expensive? Is $90 expensive?
  4. @8ROAS: Hey Konstantinos, i'm experiencing something that looks wrong. I have a CBO campaign that has been profitable for the last 3 weeks but results are starting to drop down.. During this whole time this campaign CPC has been higher than my retargeting CPC, almost double. I mean retargeting average CPC is 0.22 and this lookalike campaign is 0.39... Have you seen this in your accounts? CPA of this campaign is just fine,  so all good but still this is not common. No special country or platform in the breakdown that could have increased the CPC.

- Hide My Ads in Facebook Ads Library (2026): Kind: captions Language: en Welcome to JH. In this guide, I will demonstrate how to conceal your advertisements within the Facebook ads library in under 5 minutes. Whether you want to manage visibility for privacy or simply desire better oversight of what appears in the library, these instructions will lead you through the process effortlessly. Let's begin. Start by navigating to your Facebook profile. Ensure you are signed into the specific account used for ad management as this is vital for reaching the correct configuration. Once logged in, click your profile picture icon located in the upper right corner of the screen. This action triggers a drop-own menu with various choices. From this list, pick this settings and privacy option. Next, proceed by selecting settings to open the page where your personal data and account choices are housed. On this screen, locate the account center area. Within this section, you will see a feature called ad preferences. Selecting this will take you to a dedicated hub for managing all your advertising settings. Once there, look under the account settings header and click add preferences once more. While it may feel repetitive, this step is necessary to access the specific tools for detailed ad management. Now, identify the advertiser you want to block. You will find a list of brands you have engaged with or those that have targeted you previously. Click on the specific company you wish to modify. After selecting them, simply hit the hide ads button. This command tells Facebook to stop displaying content from that particular source. That is all it takes. In just a few moments, you have successfully hidden ads from your preferred advertiser in the library. You can return to these settings anytime to make further adjustments or hide more content. Accessing your ad preferences provides total control over your Facebook experience. Follow these simple steps to make managing your visibility easier than expected. Thanks for watching and keep an eye out for more useful tutorials.

- My FIRST Look at 11th Edition *Reupload* (After Privacy Claim): Kind: captions Language: en Okay, this is a weird one. This is a re-upload. Yes, a re-upload from a video I did the other day that I had to take down because I got a privacy notice on that said video. I could have blurred that segment of the video out, but um I chose not to. I'll explain why in just a second. But um what I'm going to do, I'm going to show the first part of that video off um which we did the other day, which is me looking at the new models and then explain why the interview is no longer in that video. So, let's jump in and let's uh go through the model segment first because those people who are like, "Oh, Barack, I was looking at the models. Why'd you take the video down?" Here is that segment for you. So, the footage you're seeing in the background right now is me at the cabinets when I went back after this exclusive GW interview to get some of the B-roll and stuff to show some of these models off. Now, seeing these models in person is definitely different than judging them online. I will say though, my thoughts haven't changed. The Orc stuff inside this box set is still 10 out of 10. They are definitely the winners. the sculpts, the poses, just the sheer awesomeness of the orc side of this box set, it's defo the winner. Now, when it comes to the Space Marine side of the box set, seeing those Vanguard veterans up close a little bit more, it's changed my mind a slight bit, I think I was a bit over um overbearing on them. I still think they definitely could use a little bit more jazz on there. And I am hoping when it comes to the general release of the Vanguard Veterans, which hopefully should be a couple of months down the road now, um they will have a little bit more jazz, more weapon options and stuff like that, which to be fair, I'm hearing they will do uh according to the rumors. Um the captain is probably my favorite model on the Space Marine side. The Intercessors themselves, I still think they're a little bit bland. I still think they could have had a little bit more to them, but they actually do look really, really nice. Some of the new poses and stuff do look pretty cool. All in all, I do like the Space Marine side. I like it a little bit better than I did seeing it online. I think it's always nice to see models in person. You do get a little bit more hyped, but again, like I said, the Orc side of this box set was absolutely brilliant. And um I actually can't wait to do an Orc armor. I'm not going to do it straight away. Of course, I'm probably going to buy this box set. I'm going to um uh paint it as Imperial Fist. I've decided now just get all my yellow boys on the shelf because that's what I'm good at. Painting yellow and um you know fisting in Rogal Dawn's name. Uh but yeah, like the Space Marine stuff, it's not the best as I've been saying, but you know, it'll do for now. But orcs are the massive winners. And now for this exclusive GW interview. So, for people who don't understand what the hell went on, when I went to UK Games Expo, I was live streaming the event. And um where that cabinet was, which you've just seen, is at the entrance to Hall 4, if I'm not mistaken. So, it's not at the official GW booth. They've literally paid the price to have that display cabinet there. So, when you come in, you can get to see the brand new edition. Me, uh, and a couple of other people went to that cabinet. We started to film there. And as we were filming there, by the way, I must add, I've got like badges on that says press. We've all got cameras out. We're all microphoned up. If you watch the live stream, which again now is taken down. Um there's microphones out. There's stuff like that. Two members of GW staff come over and uh they just start answering questions. We asked like, you know, when's the release date? You know, how much it is having some banter back and forth. Everyone was laughing and stuff. I didn't think anything of it at the end of the day. I just thought it was just some, you know, it's just some some fun some fun things happening. But I've gone when I got home and stuff like that. Um and I did a a video about it and stuff. Um, I got a privacy takedown which, um, from what I've been speaking to other people about in the industry, um, apparently um, no person in Games Workshop is allowed to like come and speak to so-called press and stuff like that. So, it seems, again, it seems like someone at Games Workshop may have put that privacy notice in. can't confirm that um because in the privacy um um notification it just says someone has reported their privacy uh between this time and that time and that was during uh that interview segment. That was basically it. So um I can't I can't assume it's GW. It could have been someone trolling because there was someone in the comment section saying barrack um why did you go over to these gentlemen uh and try and um you know potentially get them in trouble. That was not the intention at all. Plus, I never went over to anyone. I was in a public place, right? A public place. Stood there with all my cameras out, all my press stuff, filming everything. So, you know, I did absolutely zero nothing wrong. If I would have gone to like to the GW booth and like put the camera in their face and did that, then yeah, definitely I did something wrong. But I did do anything wrong like that. This was literally at the entrance of Games Workshop. So, some people have been saying maybe it's like people like that maybe have reported it to try and get the video taken down. Again, I have absolutely zero idea um who put that privacy notification in. Some people have been saying, Barrett, will you re-upload the interview and blur everything out? at the end of the day, uh, the individuals that were in that video, if it was them, I don't really want to do that because what if, you know, it could potentially get them in trouble again. And at the end of the day, I'm not that guy to try and get clicks, to try and get people in trouble. I actually said on my stream the other day, and I'm being serious when I say this, I'm probably going to stop um going into any official GW shops. Uh, I'm probably going to stop now. Um, going to Warhammer World itself because the problem is I think I'm in a position now where if I go and speak to someone at Warhammer World on a GW shop, I don't want to get anyone potentially in trouble. You know, I'm not going over to these people and saying, "Hey, give me all the rumors and stuff like that." I've never never never said that. like every every time I've spoken to someone at Games Workshop, um they nor normally start the conversation and say, "Hey, Barack, how you doing?" and stuff like that. I go, "Yeah, mate. I'm doing good." And stuff, you know, it's it's one of those things. It's it's getting really really strange and weird now. Um so, you know, I don't want to I don't want to potentially get anyone in trouble. So, I'm just I'm probably just going to avoid any official GW shops and just go and play at my local hobby shop and just just just do that. That's how I'm going to enjoy my Warhammer now. just surrounded by friends and you know when we host our events and stuff. Um I owe I owe no hard will uh or anything against uh those 2G um W people who who came over again. Um it is what it is, right? I I I kind of understand why that happened, but you know there's there's no you know I I I'm just going to say I I did nothing wrong. It was a public place. It actually says on the UK Games Expo ticket that um you know you can be filmed for commercial use and everything like that. Like this is not inside GWorld where it says no filming at all or anything. Again, it was at a public place and stuff. Um, I've kept the live stream, downloaded it, um, for, um, in case GW ever want to like come and clap back for legal ramifications or anything because I can I can actually show on that live stream that I was approached and I approached no one. And it is in a public place and stuff like that. So, that's why I've taken the video down. That's why this so-called interview, which wasn't even an interview. It was just like memeing because everyone was like, "Oh, look at Valat with his official GW interview uh, in like in the live chat." which was, you know, ridiculous because it wasn't that. It was just some guy just came over and we just start asking him like, "Do you know the price? Um, is it going to be demo um uh displays uh sorry, demo games of 11th so we can go and play it and stuff like that?" Which again uh there wasn't, which was a really really strange thing as well. Imagine launching your flagship product and not having demo games of it of all the brand new rules. I don't know. GW Marketing doesn't know what's left between its right. I I don't think it can wipe its own ass to be fair with you. Uh but anyway, um if you've watched it so this long into the video, um come and check out my new video which should be live right now on the channel. If it's not, it's a live stream. We're going live. We're doing a big countdown uh to see if today is the pre-order day. And if it is, we're doing giveaways for it. So, uh come and join. Have some fun. And I'll see you all then. Thanks for coming. Thanks for everyone who I met at UK Games Expo. You're all amazing. Hope you had a great day. And I'll see you very, very soon. Bye-bye.

  Top Comments:
  1. @gosupaints [2 likes]: 5:47 it’s a sad reality that you as a passionate fan and creator can’t go in and interact with employees of a brand you love just bc of a tyrannical PR/HR driven company doesn’t want to risk any type of exposure.  Shame on them for being so lame and pathetic.  You just want to go in and check out some minis and chat with the lads. Meanwhile everything GW has been doing for PR has been turning into shit 😂 they are the undefeated live stream champs.
  2. @CMDNEYO416 [1 likes]: Please stop apologizing for things, it makes you look weak. You keep groveling it's getting tiresome. You did nothing wrong. You are being pressured and swindled by GW employees or GW fan boys to do as they say, grow a pair, or shut down this channel. First and last warning. I had respect for you. Don't lose my respect.
  3. @wilbert1865: James Workshop is a multi-Billion Pound company, and it’s also not very well-endowed. Thank you for showing that you’re the bigger man…
  4. @Lehi5: its just sad, you must not go there where your obsession is held....
gw must say something about this...
just ensure that you are a boogie man, or it was jus a coincidence.
i got genuinely sad about this, you are a good fella who tells rumors, and stuff so the hype is always up for gw stuff.
you are the true hype man of GW even they understood this or not.
  5. @Norlamon: At this point, the people running the show at GW should be considered a case study on how not to do PR, Marketing in general.
  6. @Spawn733: My question is, why not just go to warhammer world etc and not film anything? I can't imagine anyone would ever mind that in any form even with this
  7. @МаксимБутаков-я9у: Hello. Please tell me - do you know what plans the games workshop has for imperial agents? The lack of faction focus is very confusing. I didn't want them to share the fate of the demons and the death watch.
  8. @DanielFolly-k1i: Having watched the original I felt sorry for the staff. The chap looked as if he only realised half way through who he was speaking too (remember not everyone knows who @Valrak is, hard to believe I know). I’m cross with GW here as they should be giving media training to all staff attending public events. This is typical of the half arsed nature of their shambolic comms and marketing team.
  9. @Zenny1220: You’re a good guy, but don’t worry. Way too big to be cancelled. Would require some very spicy photos leaking.
  10. @heretichobbies: They can never get into trouble for doing their job and engaging with customers. And if they do GW doesn’t have a leg to stand on
  11. @myster_ink8115: An Imperial fist "son of Dorn" suggesting that the xenos (orks) win is crazy...XD say it aint so lol 

Also imagine walking over to people visibly carrying CAMERS, MICS and PRESS BADGES then get mad at the person with the camera because you LACK basic observation skills crazy.
  12. @christopheraaron1255: 5:21 it's a pretty standard policy. I've worked for companies that forbid the grunts from speaking to the press. It was silly of the staff to do this.
  13. @gustavoacosta1434: It was a failure youtuber that can't get more than 1 like on his shitty videos.
  14. @bigblue200: Look into labor laws and free speech. You shouldn't be scared about other people's jobs doing what is a freedom. Fuck GW for silencing people!
  15. @doguipreacher: Now that was a fucking waste of my time.
  16. @IndustrialElectricalDork: Home Brew Chapter....Gene mutated Ork faces. Chapter Created to infiltrate Ork planets ect...
  17. @IndustrialElectricalDork: All I can tell you is valric can't cook food at all like he's a terrible cook. But when it comes to his first takes about 11th edition. I trust him implicitly.
  18. @PucknellProductions: Damn the warboss is massive!
  19. @Warpedlogical: That’s how they treat true fan, with silence & a gtfo notice essentially. We aren’t the fans they want for their modern business practice
  20. @Warpedlogical: 3:58 safe spaces at it again

- How To Hide My Ads In Facebook Ads Library - New Method: Kind: captions Language: en In this video, we'll cover how to hide my ads in Facebook ads library. And as always, I seem to have a degree in being the bearer of bad news. So, as someone with that qualification, hear me when I say you don't. You cannot hide your ads from the ads library. And again, I've checked all the videos on YouTube that say that you can. They are showing something completely different. So, from what I've managed to find out is that once your ad is live, it goes to the ad library and it stays there for 7 years. That is crazy. So, if you've got a competitor that you feel is stealing your ads or your ad ideas because I'm seeing this ads library and you can pretty much see every single ad somebody's run. Unfortunately, there is no way to remove them from here. So, feel free to bash me in the comments section. Thank you so much for watching, though. If you did find this helpful and it did end your search and you're not watching 15 more YouTube videos showing you I don't even know what they're trying to show you, then hit like, hit subscribe, and I'll see you in the next video.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Ar4zGul [1 likes]: That was very clear and concise, thank you very much. I wish all questions were answered this way😂😂
  2. @hamzaazouay4195: hhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh

- How To Know Who Is Visiting My Facebook Profile (2026 Easy Guide): Kind: captions Language: en Have you ever wondered who is visiting your Facebook profile? In this video, I'm going to clear up the biggest myth around Facebook profile views and show you the safe, correct way to think about it. If you're searching for a trick, app, or setting that reveals exactly who viewed your profile, this video will save you time and help you avoid scams. So, if that sounds helpful, go ahead and hit like, subscribe, and let's get into it. First, here's the most important thing you need to know. Facebook does not provide any option to see who viewed your profile. That means there is no official feature inside the app or on the website that will show you a list of people who have visited your profile. If you've been looking through settings for a profile visitor tracker, you won't find one because Facebook simply does not offer it. This is really important because a lot of videos and websites claim they can show you exactly who checked your profile. In most cases, those claims are misleading, and sometimes they are dangerous. The truth is that Facebook keeps that information private. So, if someone says they can reveal your profile viewers with one click, you should be extremely cautious. Now, let's talk about what you should not do. Do not trust third-party apps or browser extensions that promise to show profile visitors. These tools often ask for permissions that they do not need, and some of them can put your account, your data, or even your device at risk. If an app claims it can tell you who viewed your Facebook profile, that is a major red flag. Also, do not enter your Facebook login details on unknown websites. If a site asks you to sign in with Facebook just to see who visited your profile, stop right there. That can be a phishing attempt, and it may be designed to steal your account information. A safe rule to follow is simple. If Facebook itself does not offer the feature, be very skeptical of anything else that claims to. So, what can you do instead? You can focus on the information Facebook does make available, like post reactions, comments, story viewers, and page insights if you manage a page. Those are legitimate ways to understand engagement. For personal profiles, Facebook does not show profile visit history. So, the best approach is to stay private, review your privacy settings, and be smart about what you post. If you want more control over who sees your content, go into your Facebook privacy settings and check who can view your posts, friend list, story, and profile information. You can also limit past posts, review tags before they appear, and adjust your audience for future posts. While this won't tell you who viewed your profile, it will help you control who can interact with your content. The bottom line is this: There is no official way to know exactly who is visiting your Facebook profile. Anyone claiming otherwise is either mistaken or trying to get you to install something unsafe or give away your login details. Protect your account, avoid suspicious tools, and stick to Facebook's built-in privacy settings. If this video helped clear things up, make sure to like the video, subscribe for more helpful tutorials, and I'll see you in the next one.

- How Will The New iOS 14.5 Privacy Changes Effect My Facebook Ads?: Kind: captions Language: en all right if you haven't heard already you're going to hear a lot about it soon if you're in marketing and that is apple's ios 14.5 release has just dropped and there's a lot of changes happening in that release but there's a lot of detrimental changes for facebook ads and a lot of marketers around the world where from now on when someone opens up an app on an ios device and there that app is tracking a user so they can take that data and use it to market to them they're going to have the option to say no i don't want to be tracked or yes i'm happy for this app to track me and the general consensus is a lot of people are going to say no i don't want to be tracked because they're fearful they're fearful of being trapped for any reason but i have a few thoughts on this i obviously run a lot of facebook ads for my clients and myself so i may be a little biased but uh let me just let's just think about this right so the reality is facebook is an amazing app that doesn't cost us anything and the reason it's so successful for you to use is because it doesn't cost anything okay if if they charged for it there wouldn't be as big a user base and there wouldn't be as many people using it and it wouldn't be as powerful so the way they make their money is from advertising and so they take data that they collect from you on the ios device or websites you visit or what you do on facebook and what they do is they show you targeted ads that you will be interested in now this is very key imagine a platform like facebook where you're seeing ads every day because you're going to see the ads anyway and you're seeing ads but they're not relevant to you you know they're just not things you're interested in that's annoying so facebook knows that if i want to keep people on the platform they're going to show ads to you because they have to make money okay but what they've been doing is showing ads that you're interested in and they've been very hard on marketers to craft ads that are respectful and that are relevant and that are good for users to see because they don't want to chase users away from the platform and so over time the marketers and facebook had developed a really good relationship where you know you're seeing ads very relevant and how many of you have actually purchased something of seeing a facebook ad you know and that proves i think most of you would say yes and that proves that it's working the reality is with these new ios changes you may start seeing ads that are not as relevant to you because facebook can't track what you're interested in based on what you're doing on that phone okay so therefore the the ads that you see now won't be as relevant and will be more annoying okay and so that's not a good thing for facebook and it's not a good thing for you and so you may look at it and say well great they're not they're not harvesting my data they're not keeping it they're not using it against me well actually facebook is actually using it for you there's two ways of looking at it you can look at it in a way that you say well facebook's bad and they're doing all this bad stuff well then get off their platform don't use it that's how you protect yourself but you want to use it okay you want to use facebook because it adds to your life but then you don't want them to track you so they can increase your user experience and make it better because there's a lot of fear-mongering going on around data protection and i understand but for every good thing there's also a bad and every bad there's potentially a good and i'm just trying to tell you what the good is right now and the good is the fact that they do collect your data means they can show better ads to you now i'm sure there's a i know there's a whole lot of negatives with that as well but just be prepared that when you turn that off the ads you're going to probably see are not going to be as relevant to you and even more annoying okay and so you'll get something you can keep it protected but your user experience will drop and so what should you do i don't know do whatever you like what should marketers do should marketers be scared well i don't have an answer for that i'm still running my ads i'm all in on facebook and uh i just know this that facebook gets 100 of the income from advertising they're going to figure it out they have to figure it out otherwise they won't be around and facebook is very um they know what they're doing there's a lot of smart people working there so i think as a marketer i'm not concerned i'm gonna have there's gonna be a few ups and downs over the next few weeks and months but i'll stick with them because they've been very good to me on the whole i i'm not happy with facebook with a lot of things don't you worry about that i'm very critical with them i run a lot of ads and i don't always do the right thing but uh but no one's perfect but the reality is i'm going to keep advertising i'm going to monitor my ads i'm going to make sure that everything's going okay and if things don't go right then i'll have to i might stop i might re-evaluate i'll do a lot of research but it's going to be potentially a bit rocky now while facebook figures out how to get the data in a different way but at the end of the day it'll keep working i think we'll still be able to grow our businesses i think the user experience for all those people that turn it off may drop because the ads are not as good and i just think there's two sides to every story and i just wanted to present the other side that yes facebook is a behemoth yes facebook is a big company and yes they do the wrong thing but if you really care that much get off their platform just don't use it like you don't have to use it um everyone has a choice but the choice you're about to make potentially may decrease your user experience of facebook because you're seeing ads that you're not interest as interested in okay so uh web designers out there uh don't panic facebook has a lot of smart people working on this they've been preparing for it what you do need to do is you need to add your domain to your account so your website domain has to be added to a safe list and you need to connect that domain to the ads and then that helps it's going to help and so there's going to be changes somehow some of your ads may stop you need to adjust those ads to make sure that things will continue to work also audiences may shrink your conversions won't be able to be attracted as quickly and so iterating on ads will be slower to see the results um but at the end of the day facebook is here to stay they'll deal with it and uh that's my two cents worth so i i gotta say i love apple too i love apple and i love facebook i think apple you know i don't know i don't want to say anything i love both of them i think both of them have their challenges both of them can be really annoying and right now they're fighting with each other and let's see what happens it's very entertaining at the very least so uh don't get upset just go with the flow it's not going to destroy any businesses but the reality is you need to find another traffic source like you can't just depend on one traffic source and these things can change overnight so i'll tell you the next big thing is youtube i mean it's big now but youtube was really expensive compared to facebook just a few years ago now they're almost on power it is still more expensive but the league quality is high if you can get it right so this is a good time to try out youtube if you haven't tried it out but just make sure you're using the right strategy okay so um if you are a web designer and you want to generate more leads and you're thinking about facebook or youtube and you've never been able to make it work i would encourage you to book in a scale session with me i use all these strategies i've made them work for my business and i coach people to do it for their business so if you want to have a 15-minute chat where we'll find three problems in your business and i'll show you how to fix them and booking that scale session click the button below this video around this video under the video click it fill in the application book a time with me i look forward to speaking to you soon

  Top Comments:
  1. @MStarTUTORIALS: A video straight to the point  😄. I've been working on kinda similar videos and maybe you should visit. I'm kinda sure you'll find see a lot of useful info on this topic on my channel too.
  2. @philhennessy5961: My ad spend it through the roof!!! Even before the update!

- Facebook Ads Budgeting: How to Forecast Your Costs: Kind: captions Language: en - How much do Facebook ads even cost? And where do you start with setting your ad budget? In this video I'm gonna walk you through my exact process for defining an ad budget based on your sales goals. And at the end, I'm going to share an example of a few different funnels, and the different conversions you should expect with each effect. (upbeat music) First step in determining your ad budget is to define how much revenue you wanna generate with your Facebook ads in the next 30 days. And then we will work backwards from there to achieve that revenue goal. Once you have that sales goal, (air whooshing) you need to figure out how many sales and actual units you need to sell. So that means that total revenue goal divided by the cost or the average cost of your offer. And that will tell you how many units you wanna sell. For example, if I wanted to make $10,000 in the next 30 days running ads, and I had a $1,000 product I would need to sell 10 units of that product. So I would know my goal is $10,000 and 10 different sales. Now, once we have the number of units we wanna sell to achieve our sales, we need to define either how many landing page views we need from our ads or leads. And the way we do that is we figure out our average sales conversion. So I'm gonna walk you guys through a couple of industry averages. If you have data on your own from anything you've previously done, absolutely use that and plug this into this formula. So first, if your business is set up where you get email leads and then you sell to customers through a webinar or through a video series, something like that, you're defining how many email leads you need to achieve your sales goal. And we need to come up with a sales conversion of those leads. We're going to just use 5% to make it easy. If you have a really expensive product, you will have a lower sales conversion. If you have a really inexpensive product under $300, you might have a higher sales conversion. Feel free to adjust this for your business. So then we take the number of sales we just defined and we divide that by our sales conversion we've chose. So we would do 10 divided by five and we will multiply that by a hundred. That equals 200. So I need 200 email leads. Now, if you run ads straight from the ad to a product, we have to calculate how many landing page views you need. So let's say 7% of all the people who land on your sales page, buy your product. We'll take that sales goal, let's use 10 again as an example, divide it by seven, times 100. So we'll need approximately 143 people to land on our page to then buy our product. Once we have these numbers, we can determine our ad spend budget by multiplying either by the cost per lead or the cost per landing page view. Don't worry if you don't know your average cost per lead. It can range anywhere from two to $10 depending on your industry, depending on how much your offer is, and depending on what you're sending them to. Let's start with the lead example. Now I'm gonna use an average cost of $4 cost per lead. In order to get 200 leads, we'll multiply by four. We need to spend $800 in ad spend to get those 200 leads. Now look at the landing page view example. The average landing page view costs 50 cents to $3. So if we took 143 times a dollar we would need to spend $143. Now this is the question most people will have at this point, what if I get to this step and I don't wanna spend that much money on my ads? What you'll have to do is just use this formula and go back and adjust it until your sales goal matches a reasonable ad spend goal. And that's one of the most important reasons that you do this before running ads. This is what stops people from boosting posts or throwing things out there and hoping they work because we're going to go into this very intentionally. I'm gonna spend $800 to make $10,000. So let's say instead of selling 10 of those courses, you put your goal as 100. You wanna do $100,000 in the next 30 days selling those courses. You would say, I wanna sell 100 courses at that 5% sales conversion. Means that you need 2000 leads at that $4 cost per lead. Our ad spend would then be $8,000. And you keep playing with these numbers until your budget aligns with your sales goal, and it's something you're willing to spend based on where you're at today in your business. If your budget is feeling too high, then you can decrease your sales goal, or you can play with your conversion numbers to get it to a place where it matches what you're willing to spend today. Now, if you get here and your budget is too low and you're actually willing to spend more, then increase that budget and you'll also be able to increase your sales goal. I do have some general rules of thumb when planning out your budget. The first one is I recommend having a minimum of $500 to put towards your Facebook ads. I feel like anything less than that, it's not really worth it and you don't get the traction. The other rule of thumb comes with that average conversion rate. Business to consumer marketing is very different from business to business marketing. Generally in the business to consumer space, you're gonna have a lot less cost per lead and cost per landing page view, you'll be on that lower end of the averages. But your sales conversion will be a little bit lower. The consumers usually need a couple more touch points with your brand, and they're a little bit harder to sell to. But in the business to business space, you'll probably pay higher cost per lead. You might be on that higher end of the industry averages but then if you actually successfully get someone to your landing page or to your webinar, your sales conversion will be higher. So those are a few things to take into consideration depending on your business and your industry when planning out these metrics. Before I get into the next tip, do you mind hitting the like button? It really helps our channel out. Now let's look at what these numbers look like with a few specific funnels. Let's start with the webinar funnel. So with a webinar, an average cost per webinar registration is anywhere from $3 to $10. If you are in an industry targeting consumers, again you'll probably be at the lower end. And targeting business owners, you'll probably be at that higher end. Let's look at a high ticket sales funnel where you would be selling people through a call or an application into your higher level service. In this sales funnel usually about one to 3% of your leads will actually purchase. And it might vary how you're getting them to that call. So if you're using a webinar, you'll fall within that three to $10 average cost per webinar registration as well. And finally, let's look at an e-commerce funnel. This would also be relevant to a self-liquidating offer funnel if you have a very low priced digital product and you're going straight from your ad to your product, you will pay an average of 50 cents to $3 for that landing page view, and you should be converting anywhere from five to 10% of that traffic. Now I know that was a ton of numbers. So feel free to go back and screenshot that chart and come back to it any time. Now it's time to build the funnel that is right for your business and your unique goals. This is the first video in my complete Facebook ad process. Click here to watch the playlist of all the rest of them. Or here's another video that I think you might like.

  Top Comments:
  1. @GrantCX [3 likes]: Amazing content, straight to the point, value rich without empty filling to prolong watch time 

I will definitely subscribe!
  2. @tellednelle4173 [3 likes]: Quick question:
At 3:17 into the video, I don't understand your AD SPEND budget calculation.
If I do the math with the following variables, it's not making sense to me:
Assuming a sales goal of $20,000 with an Average Cart Value of $50 and a Cost Per Lead of $1 WIth a 7% Conversion Rate...
Your equation would yield:
20,000/50=400 Sales Required
400*7=2,800 Leads
It is this part of the equation that I think is a bit off, here's why:
If I take 7% of 2,800 leads, I come up with 196 sales, not 400.
I think the correct equation should be DIVIDED BY, NOT MULTIPLIED BY Conversion Rate.
400/.07 = Approximately 5,714 Leads
This would yield the correct number of leads required to yield 400 sales at a 7% conversion rate.
The rest of the equation seems to be correct.
5,714*1=$5,714 Ad Spend Budget
.
Please let me know if I am mistaken. I'm literally working this out right now for my kick-off FB ad campaign and I'm not sure what to budget.
  3. @SocialMediaExaminer [2 likes]: 🏆Create a Winning Facebook Ads Strategy: The Complete Guide [Playlist] https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wcAMFtfAtnQ&list=PLyqdnWmgSb_bbeTmT-07kjk7AYJolxKtI&index=1
  4. @shaonkaminecki5966 [2 likes]: Very thought provoking.  Question: if you are in B2C retail, do you measure wholesale or retail costs when setting your goal.  If your goods have a 50% margin, should you set a sales goal, for example, of selling $1000 of goods or set your goal at $500, because you had to pay $500 for the goods.
  5. @jennwaughmedia [1 likes]: but how can you ensure you get the $4/lead
  6. @supriyanaiya3433 [1 likes]: Amazing Calculation and great information ❣️
  7. @andyrao7700 [1 likes]: How do you determine cost per lead, and conversion rate if it's a multi step funnel. On fb ads it's usually an advert with a video, on which % viewed can be a determinant to retarget that audience which is warmer with a webinar or a landing page funnel. In this case will you add cost of landing page viewed and number of people who viewed the video ad toghether to get to the final metric. Industry in question can be a complex medical product and is B2C
  8. @erickjaimel: Where do you get industry standards?
  9. @VishalKashyap-o8l: Insightful
  10. @Willie-p5l: @ 4:30 you state as rule of thumb, to invest no less than $500 on FB Ads.  Is that monthly or for the lifetime of the ad?
  11. @suntaramusic: You are amazing! Thank you! Do you do 1:1 Coaching as well?
  12. @Lahiru_C: Great content  👌👏👍
  13. @mahutin2: My Ad Spend Budget ends up being higher than my Revenue Goal whenever I use the realistic costs and conversion rates.

What do I do?
  14. @donl1279: May I know the difference between cost per landing page view and cost per lead? I thought the lead is the same to the landing page view.
  15. @com5591: to get 2000 sales id need to spend 100k? avg conversion rate is 2%
  16. @traken001: what I really would like to know is more is about how to maintain order in the ads manager, audience interfaces or maybe what are the best practice for naming and maintaining the campaigns in order that would be really helpful, thanks so much for all ur content
  17. @tellednelle4173: I should also add... this video is outstanding. Thanks.
  18. @christiane785: Helpful... thanks!
  19. @moniquecassis7854: Cool seeing Emily here! :)
  20. @dexenthamzanadeem3843: helooo maam how are you I hope you are fine I have one question maam and I hope you reply me maam I have one group about relationship my group is near to 847k plus community but group engagement probelm alwyas it's now in -16 i don't know I have much focus on group I always everyday many quotes post but why group is decreasing what reason peoples leaving and also engagement is in -16 how to solve this problem please reply me I'm waiting for your reply please guide me

- I Found a BETTER Way to Advertise on Facebook in 2026: Kind: captions Language: en What if I told you there was a better way to run Facebook ads? A strategy that I haven't really talked about before that is very different from what we used to do and is producing the best results right now. And if you've been running ads for a while, by the way, I fully expect this to blow your mind. This video is sponsored by HubSpot. More about them later. So, what I'm going to start by doing is quickly bit give a bit of context around what we used to do cuz that will help you understand why what I'm about to recommend is now the best approach. Right? If we rewind a few years, the way we used to run Facebook and Instagram ads was typically with like a three-step salesfunnel approach. So, we might create a traffic campaign or an awareness campaign in the first instance. And this would be our topfunnel campaign. So, I'm just going to go and head and label this um so that we can follow along. That's our topunnel campaign. That's going to include ads that are maybe making people problem aware. So, explaining what the problem is that our product or service solves in the first place. Sort of introducing them to our company, to our products and services. starting to make them solution aware. And then we would create a second campaign, which would be our middle of funnel campaign, could be a leads campaign, could be a sales campaign, could even be an engagement campaign depending on um your uh type of business and what is you're looking to sell. I'm going to go with a sales campaign. That was probably the more recent version of this was typically a sales campaign. And this would be our middle ofunnel campaign. And in our middle of funnel campaign, we'd be focused more on our products and services, more on how it works so people could understand uh might be looking to get some leads and conversions from this. These ads in the middle of funnel campaign would be put in front of people who had already engaged with the top ofunnel campaign so they're warmed up a little bit. And then we would go with a third campaign option which again would normally be leads or sales depending on your business. And this would be our bottom offunnel uh campaign type. And this would very much be going in for the kill. This would be conversion focused, CTA heavy, uh might include reviews, customer testimonials, things like that to try and get people over the line. And people go through, they start the top of funnel, then the middle of funnel, then the bottom of funnel. And the logic was that we needed to warm people up to get them to the point where they were ready to buy from us or become a lead. And this was the standard way of doing things for for many years. But then as Meta's ad platform became more sophisticated and was able to correctly identify the people for us that were most likely to convert, a lot of advertisers ended up doing away with their topfunnel campaign and in many cases doing away with their middle ofunnel campaign. And what they were often left with was a one-step salesunnel that was a combination of middle middle ofunnel and bottom offunnel content. So stuff that's basically just about our product and service, maybe include some testimonials, call to action heavy. And Meta was able to go, actually, we can work out who's just about to buy one of these things, who's just about to inquire into for a service along those lines. Let's put ads in front of those people. And often this is going to be open targeting, maybe just the one adset, maybe a couple of different adsets, one for cold audience, one for warm audiences. But that was kind of the the simplified salesunnel structure. And we did this cuz it improved results. But the problem that a lot of advertisers saw was that Meta would find those people that are just about ready to buy or just about ready to inquire. They would put ads in front of them first and therefore advertisers would run a new campaign and they'd get great results for a couple of weeks. And then once you run out of those people because there's not many of those people, results would really drop off because you didn't have that more broader awareness action occurring that then creates more of the people that are sort of moving down the sales funnel as it were. closer to that conversion action. And the logic the the the human behavior element didn't change. Like there is absolutely still logic too. You start by warming people up uh explaining the problem, explaining the solution, then you show them the next stuff and then you go for the conversion. Like that logic still applies. It's just that as the platform changed, we moved more towards this structure because it improved results. Like I said, sometimes on a more short-term basis, we missed out um on the long term. And that's sort of where we've got to today or until fairly recently. But now we can change things up. I'm going to run through that in a second. Have you noticed that funnels aren't working anymore? 60% of Google searches now end without a click. That means people are finding answers directly from AI like chat GPT, Perplexity, and Google overviews. Attention is scattered and fewer visits to actual websites or your socials. That's why HubSpot, who I'm partner with on this video, have created a fantastic free resource called the Loop Marketing Prompt Library, where humans and AI work together. I suggest you take a look at this resource. You can download it from the link in the video description below. This will transform how you approach marketing. Instead of throwing content at the wall and hoping something sticks, you'll have a datadriven system that evolves with your audience, meaning every campaign gets smarter and more effective over time. You can use this AI prompt library to help you differentiate your brand voice, deliver account-based personalization, accelerate experimentation, and more. This prompt library contains four stages: Express, tailor, amplify, and evolve. each stage with different AI prompts to help you level up your marketing, no matter how experienced a marketer you are. My favorite part is how much of a timesaver this prompt library is instead of spending hours or even days researching, you can use their 100 AI prompts to get answers fast. Check the link in the description below and thanks to HubSpot for sponsoring today's video. Now, I'm very pleased to let you know that as Facebook and Instagram advertisers, we can now benefit from the best of both worlds. So we can benefit from that multi- salesfunnel approach but also consolidate it into one campaign which I know sounds a little bit crazy. How on earth do you go about doing that? I will demonstrate. So let's re label this as allfunnel campaign right. Okay. So here's now from a like a strategy and structure standpoint what's being recommended and what we're seeing is producing the best results. So you have let's say you're selling let's say selling products. This can apply to services as well. Let's say you're an e-commerce business selling products right? You've got the the one sales campaign, the allfunnel campaign. Then within this campaign, we're going to have just the one ad set, which you might be thinking, how on earth are you going to have a multi-step salesunnel with one campaign and one one adset? Like I said, I will explain. Now, this adset is going to target a combination of warm and cold audiences. I'm going to explain more about that later and the mechanism behind that um as we go through. And then within that ad set, we are going to have lots of different ads because Meta is now smart enough to be able to take multiple different ads within one ad set and use it in a salesfunnel approach. So work out that okay, yeah, these ads are a bit more top of funnely, these ads are a bit more middle of funnely, these ads are a bit more bottom of funnel. and they can put the top of funnel ads in front of people first and then maybe a middle of funnel, maybe a bottom funnel, maybe they use a two-step process as opposed to three. Meta has complete flexibility um around this. And not only is Meta able to do that, you might be thinking, well, what's the point of letting Meta do it versus we could just manually break these campaigns out and go back to how we used to do things ourselves? Like, what's the advantage? Meta can personalize this to the individual. So, some people might just be ready to buy, in which case, don't bother putting the top funnel ad or middle of funnel ad in front of them. just go straight with a bottom funnel ad. That's a more efficient way to spend your budget, quicker to get the conversion, better return on ad spend. But other people are going to need that warming up. Meta can work that out, right? Okay, this person's going to need more warming up. Let's put a topunnel ad in front of them, then a middle of funnel maybe, or maybe just do a bottom funnel. But they can use ads in an ordered approach. This is only possible because of Meta's very sophisticated delivery system. And you actually may have seen this happening within your ad account already without realizing it. So if you've ever had a scenario where you're running say a sales campaign and you can see that there are multiple ads within your adset, some ads aren't getting a very good cost per result or a very good return on ad spend depending on which you're you're optimizing for most. But Meta is continuing to spend money on it. You think, what is going on there? Why is Meta putting money into this ad when it's just got a not a very good return on ad spend? It's because Meta is using that as a topfunnel ad. They're using that one for awareness. Even within a sales campaign or a leads campaign, they're using that one for awareness. And then they are retargeting with other ads. So you see the one ad getting lots of ad spend, not very good results. Other ads getting less ad spend but great return on ad spend. It's because those ones are being used as retargeting. That's what Meta is doing. Now, many advertisers have had the experience where they go and turn off the ad that's performing looks like it's performing poorly. It's got a bad return on ad spend and then all of a sudden all their other ads start performing far worse as well. Well, that's why because you've basically eliminated your top offunnel ad. This is all happening within one adset and therefore you're asking those more bottom offunnel style ads to do all the heavy lifting. Their cost per conversion goes through the roof. Their their rowass drops off. That's what's happening in your ad account. So, if you've seen that happen, you've already seen Meta applying this approach of a multi-step salesunnel within one adset. Now, one of the big recommendations that Meta has been making to advertisers recently is around creative diversity, is around having lots of different types of ads in an adset all together, all live at the same time. And and I've seen how hard Meta is pushing this. I speak to Meta all the time. I have contacts. I'm part of the better megaphone partner program and they're really keen on this and the reason why they are really keen on this is because of exactly what I've just described. If you basically just have variations of the same style ad, meta can't use a multi- salesfunnel approach within the one adset within your sales campaigns or within your leads campaigns. But if you have that creative diversity, if you have different formats, if you have different styles, some are UGC based, some are more top of funnel, some are more bottom funnel, more uh customer testimonial and and CTA based. Well, Meta has the flexibility to do that. Meta might choose not to, by the way, and like I said, they can personalize that between different people. Some may need it, some may not. That's the way to spend your your budget most efficiently. But if you have different ads and and the way to think about it when it comes to the creative diversity is to think about it as hitting different stages of awareness. So, you may well be familiar already, but within marketing, there's like an awareness ladder, right? So, you have people that are uh at different stages. So some people might not even be aware there's a problem in the first place, right? So you can make them problem aware. You see ads for that all the time. Did you know that such and such is bad for your health as an example, right? And you've got solution aware. People know there's a problem, but they don't know there's a solution. Did you know that you can fix that problem that you've got with this solution? Then you've got people going down who are more product aware. So they know there's a solution, but you want to make them aware that your specific product is a good option for the solution. And and and you can go on and on. the basic principles apply uh between the different stages. So think about creating ads of like right do I need to make some ads people that don't even know that there's a problem that my product or service solves. Then I kind of create ads that are aware of the problem I can tell them that what the solution is. Then I can create ads people aware of the solution that tell them that my product is the right way to go. You can think about the different awareness um stages as a good way to create lots of different ads that have creative diversity to allow matter to do its thing in this instance. Now, this new strategy, this new structure brings up the interesting question of how do you actually optimize a campaign like this. I'm going to run through that in a second, but first I want to quickly let you know about my mentorship program. Now, with my mentorship program, me and my team mentor people daily to help them get the best possible Facebook ad results. We've actually had some amazing results recently from some of our mentees. We'll pop them up on screen right now. In fact, 82% of people that join my mentorship program see a notable improvement in their Facebook ads return on ad spend within just 30 days of joining. And that's a stat that I'm really proud of. There is a link in the video description below. You can click on that, come through to a page on our website and book in a free no obligation call with one of my team members to find out more about it and see if it would be a really good fit for you. Hopefully, we get a chance to work together. So, how do you actually optimize a campaign like this with this structure and with this dynamic of some ads being used more top of funnel, other ads being used in a more bottom of funnel um setup? Because the traditional way of optimizing a meta ad campaign would be to look at the ads that have got the worst cost per conversion or worse return on ad spend. Turn those ones off, then create new ads, introduce those into the adset to run along the previous best performers, and see if you can further improve performance. But if that's being done as sales on a structure, you don't want to do that. We've actually got some advice from Meta around how we should do that now. You should turn off the ads that Meta is not spending budget on. So let's say you add in six ads into an adset. Most likely Meta is going to spend the majority of the budget, not during the first few days when they're experimenting, but once the campaign's had a bit of time to to learn, most of that budget is going to be spent on one, two, three ads at most typically. So, what you want to do is the ones that Meta's just simply not spending money on. Turn those off. Those are your new underperformers. Meta's basically gone, "Nah, we can do better with these other ones." Then create new ads. Introduce those into the same adset and run those alongside the ones Meta is spending money on to see if you can further improve performance. And then use where Meta spends its money as your guide as to what's working best, not just a return ad spend number. So, for example, if you had one ad that Meta was consistently spending on, but the return on ad spend didn't look very good, and you introduced a new one that was kind of similar, and Meta switches budget from that one, the previous one to the new one, but again, the rowass isn't very good. Well, that's a sign to me that that previous ad was your being used as your topfunnel ad. Meta has decided the other one's better, and they'll use all sorts of metrics to work that out, like engagement and things like that. That one's better. Therefore, they've switched budget over to the new one. And you can safely say that the old one's not as good a performer. you can turn that off, create new ones and introduce. And you can go through that process, right? And and just keep in mind if you're turning off ads that are, you know, at different stages of the salesunnel, basically within the one ad set, you want to make sure that you are replacing with ads that also hit those different stages of the sales funnel or different awareness stages like we talked about previously. So I mentioned earlier that you don't want to create multiple ad set. It's typically in this sort of campaign structure in this strategy that's recommended. And one of the the push backs that I have on that when I've mentioned that to some people is they say well surely you need to separate out cold and warm audiences. And the thing is meta is going to target a mixture of cold and warm audiences in your adsets basically no matter what unless you really restrict the campaign. You use sort of old school targeting methods. So if we jump back into our campaign here uh go to the adset level which we've got right now. If we come in here and we're adding in targeting options into this adset. So underneath the audience section, we've got controls which are hard constraints, hard boundaries when it comes to our targeting. Meta won't go beyond those limits when it comes to targeting, but they that only covers certain things, mostly being things like locations. And then we've got the suggestion audience section, right? And in this suggestion audience section here is where we add our custom audiences, our warm audiences, but those are suggestions, right? Look, custom audience inclusions. I can click in here and go ahead and I'll this is an example ad account, so there'll be some in here. Uh something like website visitors, for example, be in here at a thought. Yeah, all website visitors 180. I've got examples set up like I said for demonstration purposes. So, this adset is not just targeting these website visitors. It's targeting those people, but also whoever else it wants. Just like if we didn't include that custom audience, Meta would target whoever it wants, including people who visited our website. So, anything added in this suggestion audience section, which is the vast majority of the targeting, is a suggestion to Meta. and meta is going to choose whether or not to target it based on the specific things you've included or to go outside based on whether or not it thinks you can get you great performance. The only way to fix it in terms of I just want to target these people, no one else is to click on this further limit the reach of your ads. You can see matters trying to persuade us from doing that and then go through the process. I've got videos on targeting if you want to check that out. But I typically would not recommend doing this. So what that means is that let's say we had three different adsets. one targeting a lookalike audience, one targeting a warm audience, and one targeting interest audience. Meta is going to put your ads in front of the same people in those three scenarios for the most part. And we can see this because we can look at the data and I've done a video on this previously where you want to define audience segments in advertising settings. Uh let me just quickly show you right. So if you go into advertising settings in here and then what you want to do is select here audience segments and then you can define this is an example ad account so I don't have it set up. You can define your engaged audience, your existing customers, and then everyone else is obviously by default a new audience. So here is where you'd want to add in different custom audiences. So you might say, look, anyone who's visited my website, for example, if I can type um that's an engaged audience. Whereas existing customers, well that's going to be, you can see meta's defaulted to website purchase um custom audiences um as an example, people on our email list. I've got lots of example custom audiences in here, custom audiences in here for demonstration purposes. So, okay, great. So, we've defined those two audiences and then when we go back into our ad account, uh let's go into ads manager. Sorry, let's go back into ads manager. Once we define those audiences and then we look at the breakdown by audience segment, click on campaigns here. Uh and then we click on breakdown here and you can do by audience segments. Um now, obviously this isn't going to show you select that. This is going to show the data in this ad account because it's an example ad account. But what you will be able to see is the split between how much is spent on engaged audience, how much is spent on existing customers, how much is spent on new audiences. Now, if you run this experiment where you have one adset that's set up to target warm audiences, but in that suggested audience option, and one adset where it's set up to target cold audiences, but again, it's within that suggested an audience part, suggest an audience part within the adset level. This part here down here, where are we? In this suggestion audience, you will see that the the percentage split on budget spent between engaged existing and new audience is basically the same across those two adsets. So what does that mean? Basically means meta is not really taking this into consideration all that much and not differentiating much uh particularly once campaign's been up and running and had some time to to optimize. So what does that mean? That means we don't want to therefore spread our budget across multiple adsets. We want to consolidate. We want as much money and as many conversions going through the one adset as possible because that helps Meta learn and optimize and get us better results. So, it's a bit of a long-winded way of explaining and I've shown you how you can run this experiment or just go in and look at your own data assuming you've got these audience segments um set up. Look at your own data and and you will see this happening and that is why this is the new recommended strategy, the new recommended structure which I know for people who've been advertising a while it will blow your mind. Very interesting development. It's a good thing for us advertisers because like I said, it gets it allows us to benefit from the best of both worlds. So, in this video, we've been talking quite a bit about creative diversity and having different types of ads within an adset and how important this is. But there is one type of ad, one style of ad, you can create them for different awareness stages, but one style of ad that is consistently producing the best results when it comes to Facebook and Instagram ads. And I go through that in detail in this video here. There's direct information from Meta that shows a significant percentage increase in a return on ad spend when we create ads with this in mind.

  Top Comments:
  1. @BenHeath [4 likes]: Get personal Meta Ads feedback from me (live) for less than $60 per session:
👉 https://www.skool.com/benheath/about
Let my agency run your Meta ads for you:
👉 https://heathmedia.co.uk/done-for-you/
  2. @kinziemadsen [1 likes]: So helpful, thank you!
  3. @patrickwilliams1471 [1 likes]: My man Ben!  Always so much value and you're my Facebook ads cheat code!  Thank you for going through all the stages of awareness!  I recently took a deep dive into that along with different temperatures of traffic (cold, warm, and hot).  I would love if you talked more about the temperatures of traffic and what exactly they mean along with how to communicate to those audiences differently.  I would love to hear how you define them!  

Do you think maybe when you talk about temperatures of traffic next time, could you define them for everyone?  Really appreciate you man, like for real!  You're incredibly smart and have so much experience.  I love and appreciate that you share everything! :)
  4. @freespirit1776: I hate using AI on FB ads, they always get it wrong.
  5. @caddysplash: must watch!
  6. @Roberto.Salvatore: Is this still relevant? Or do you recommend the testing and scaling ad sets with a single campaign now?
  7. @exoarman: Lovely video
Learnt something new for 2026. Need to do some testing.
  8. @Washwizard2019: I see all these people who spent their time watching this video and this guy can’t even answer not one question I guess that interferes with the money he’s trying to make selling courses pathetic
  9. @GroundLevelOutHouse: Don't know anything about 'funnel' but the is an awful lot of 'waffle' in this video.  Just get to the point videos should be less than 7 minutes long.
  10. @afraadms475: It takes me a lot to focus, but when I do, the most value I find is with your videos and how humble you are. may only one true God guide you gently to him
  11. @felicity5630: But when you're putting so many creatives into one ad set, how can we judge the data? "Ah, this Awareness campaign has a super low CPM", or "oh my Leads campaign CPR is too high this month" - because wouldn't the data be convoluted? I.e. the Awareness creative brings up your CPR for your leads campaign, and the above-average CPR on your Leads campaign could be because FB is using one of your creatives for TOF? Just seems a bit messy. Would be super interested to know your solution for this, Ben!
  12. @aswinsrinivasan2387: Thanks buddy.. You ideas were good.
  13. @kapilRaj-gx5qw: Nice information sir ❤
  14. @vishisku9634: Ben you are a legend mate!
  15. @garretm.clarke3834: Whats your opinion on using related media?
  16. @mr-anujsingh: Does meta take our detailed targeting as a suggestion only? Because when I'm targeting my audience (not in advantage+) , it takes the detailed targeting as suggestion only, and there is no option to select or deselect that detailed targeting option except for age group and gender.
  17. @jakobhernanlyremarklarsen1263: I've been using this method ever since I started running Meta Ads for my clients.
It’s delivered incredible results — including a ROAS of 14!

I’ve got a few tips to share that can help you get the most out of this campaign structure.
If you’d like, I can show you exactly how I set it up and how these tips can boost your overall performance.
  18. @kristiamrodriguez9506: When using this strategy do you use Cbo or abo?
  19. @GaryMcKinnonUFO: I never liked the funneling concept. A picture paints a thousand words, have the product up front and if someone likes what they see then they'll click it.
  20. @CoolKrish-b4g: Absolutely! The need for change is clear. Rumora has been pivotal for me in engaging my audience without the costs of traditional ads-it's felt much more authentic.

- The Only Facebook Ads Tutorial You Need for 2025: Kind: captions Language: en Stop running Facebook ads until you do this. I've managed over a billion dollars in Facebook ad spend over the last 5 years, and I've developed a system to run profitable Facebook ad campaigns with any budget, whether it's spending $100 or $10,000 a day. If you're not using the system, you're losing money every day on your ads. So, I'm going to reveal it to you so that way you can scale your Facebook ads without having to guess or waste money. First, you need to fix this before you even touch your Facebook ads. You need to first have a really good compelling offer. When you have a really good compelling offer, the algorithm works harder for you. And without it, your CPM skyrocket and your CTR stank. Everyone's running Facebook ads, including your competition. But what separates you from them? Is it your creative? A lot of people can modify their creative. Is it how you're running your ads? Eventually, people learn the tricks out there. But if you don't have a really compelling offer that's better than your competition, it's harder to get really cheap CPMs and get your CTRs to skyrocket. Strong offers solve one urgent problem. When you're trying to create a good offer, you need to think about how you can solve one urgent problem. You need to highlight outcomes, not features, and differentiate with a unique value proposition. A killer offer makes everything cheaper and easier because it gives Meta's AI a clear reason to find your ideal buyer. Next, do this to copy winning ads to give yourself a head start. There's something called Meta Ad Library, and you can use this to search competitor brands. It identifies longunning ads and analyzes their hooks, angles, and messaging. All you have to do is just look that, click play, and you can see what's working for them. The longer the ad's been running, that means there's a higher probability that the ad is generating a positive ROI. Because why would companies keep spending money if an ad is losing them a ton of cash? And you want to do this for not one competitor, but ideally three or more competitors. And that way, you can figure out what's working for people in your space and what's not. This way, you can stop guessing, and that way you'll start generating conversions way quicker with your ads versus throwing up a lot of duds. What I like doing is remixing proven formats. And this gives you a head start and saves thousands of wasted dollars on testing. So, I'll take what's working for competitor A, what's working for competitor B, and what's working for competitor C. I then take the best parts and it gives me ideas on what I should do within my own Facebook ad to generate the sales. Create your ads like this if you want them to work forever. There's a proven three-part ad formula that I love using: hook, value, and CTA. When I film ads, I film multiple versions of each part. So, multiple versions of the hook, multiple versions of the value, which is mainly the body, and multiple versions of the call to action. That way, I can see which elements are working the best. See, meta punishes stale creatives. Eventually, you have audience fatigue, and you'll notice that the costs go up. When you have multiple variations, what you find is not only does it help protect your performance, it keeps your CPMs down overall. So, I like creating three to five hooks per ad, two to three bodies, and several CTAs. And then I remix them weekly. And Meta also finds a winning version through AV testing. I then take that data based on what's working for Meta, and it gives me ideas on the hooks people prefer within my industry and what they don't. So that way, I can create more of the stuff that's converting well and less of the stuff that's not converting as well. Try these trending ad formats that often outperform traditional Facebook ads to get ahead. Look, raw lowfi content like Tik Tok style clips or selfie videos or behindthe-scenes footage often outperforms highly produced ads. Look, polished ads feel salesy and UGC feels native and natural and it earns trust because people feel that it's authentic. You can use a mix of UGC carousel mini stories and emotionled graphics to win in the feed without looking like traditional ads. Most people are sabotaging the Facebook ads before they even launch because they aren't doing this. Meta wants you to stop using outdated interest stacks and instead rely on AI to optimize based on conversion data from your pixel. Pixels track browser activity, but iOS 14 plus blocks much of that, crippling your results unless you fix it. And when you install both Facebook pixel and conversion API, it's crucial for server side tracking and allows Meta to learn exactly who's buying. Finally, if you don't implement this, your ads won't target the right people. You need to understand something called pixel conditioning. You want clear conversion data that teaches Meta's AI to optimize harder and faster. When Meta sees conversions, real purchases, real leads, it aggressively hunts for more just like them. But bad or missing data trains the system in the wrong direction. High converting Facebook campaigns aren't about hacks. They're about feeding the algorithm with what it needs to scale smartly and profitably. And if you really want to do those funny, highly produced videos, kind of like Squatty Potty or the one that great marketing.ai has where the two people dress up as Mario and Luigi. You could do that. And it's worked really well for many businesses like Squatty Potty or Lumi, the deodorant company. You can end up doing that, but you got to get clever. And a lot of times those videos don't actually convert. So you'll spend a lot of money and most of the times you end up wasting it. But sometimes when you find a hit, like the Mario and Luigi video, it can work really well and boost your conversions. And another bonus tip, if you want your ads to convert better, what we found is people who have a strong personal brand that are in the ads tend to see better CTAs and lower cost to acquire a customer. And if you want to build a personal brand, check out this video that I created that teaches how I built a $10 million personal

  Top Comments:
  1. @onlineentrepreneur8530 [1 likes]: A 5 min video is a full course? This guys the ultimate king of clickbait
  2. @jankijain210: The remixing strategy from Meta Ad Library is pure gold. Such a practical approach to building a reliable ad framework🎯📊
  3. @EshalFatima-e3h: Super informative video, your explanation of Facebook ads strategy is simple, clear, and very useful for beginners trying to grow online.
  4. @nobodyjourney: Nothing new just a lot of edit and animation
  5. @AdSevenLab7: The 'Creative is the new Targeting' shift is real. A strong Hook-Value-CTA framework often outperforms complex interest stacks nowadays. It's all about making the AI's job easier by providing high-intent assets that lower the friction for the end user."
  6. @PainSolutionsByGenKeating: So ye, can I just pay you to do this for me 😂
  7. @ComunicaBest_ia: It is not a tutorial, lol.
  8. @דבבייקר: anoyng ai avatr
  9. @rohitm-q2v: Such a disgusting video edited, can't watch 1 min. irritating and distracting the mind
  10. @aodehodeh7045: There is excessive exaggeration and pressure from marketers to rely on Facebook Ads. I do not want to become overly dependent on Facebook, as it is largely a waste of money. Facebook advertising has become very expensive and inefficient for marketing
  11. @IbrahimMohammed-g2w: Best
  12. @SimonRichardson-gf7zb: Clear and understandable, I wish there was more information like this.
  13. @WhimsyAlchemy: Slowed playback speed
  14. @TEEMAY_NI: This edit is madly good i couldn’t focus in the main reason i came here. 😮😮
  15. @smartihuoma: bro said a whole lot of nothing
  16. @alexi415: I feel like I'm on Adderall when I watch this video😵‍💫
  17. @deedeebereal: Great video! Thanks for sharing!🤗
  18. @kashifaslam4605: Your lighting needs to be be worked on. Using cheap lighting to create this may views , good job.
  19. @aae2356: Someone needs to tell you that this background effect is rubbish. We just want to know how to set up our ad. We don’t need all this too much talking and not doing anything. That’s not how to teach people. Trust me, no one can comprehend all these flashing of things and then all your face coming out. Take us into the Facebook page itself and explain it. No one wants to see your face.
  20. @ch9osx96: This dude is the biggest noob he is popular just because he was an early mover.

- How to Run Meta Ads For Beginners (Meta Ads Tutorial 2026): Kind: captions Language: en If you're not using meta ads, you're kind of missing out because this platform absolutely dominates the ad game because it has the best targeting options that will allow you to reach the exact audience you need. And with Meta Ads, you'll be able to advertise on Instagram, Facebook, and even WhatsApp if you want to. And while the platform may be a bit intimidating when starting out, don't you worry because in this video I'll go over everything from what meta ads are to setting them up and analyzing their performance. So without further ado, let's get into it. All right, so let's start from the top. What exactly are meta ads and why should you even care about them? Well, they are the advertisements you see on Facebook, Instagram, Messenger, and as I already said, sometimes even WhatsApp. and they're all managed from one single place which is Meta Ads Manager. Now, you might be thinking of something like Google Ads where you target people based on what they're searching for right now. But Meta is a bit different. It targets people based on who they are, like their interests, their age, location, and just overall online behavior. And the best part about it, it's incredibly easy to get started with as a beginner. And you do not need a huge budget for it either. You can test campaigns for just a few dollars a day, which is really good. And the secret sauce here is Meta's algorithm. When you run an ad, the platform goes through a learning phase, and it needs about 50 conversion events, like 50 sales or signups to figure out who is most likely to take the action that you actually want. And during this phase, performance might be a bit unpredictable, but that's completely normal as Meta decides who sees your ad through an automatic digital auction based on total value. And this includes your bid, the ad's quality, and how likely someone is to interact with it. And this means that even with a smaller budget, a high quality relevant ad can actually win the game. And the big question really is here, is meta ads still worth it in 2025? The answer, yes, it is. But your return on investment really depends on a lot of things like your strategy, your creatives, and your targeting, the offer you're making, and your landing page also. Oh, and also testing. Lots and lots of testing. And yes, you might spend some time kicking this whole thing off, but if you have something to promote on a budget, this might just be one of the best decisions you will ever make. So, the first thing to focus on is a learning. Your goal with your first campaign isn't to attract, you know, a million visitors. It's to understand what works, reach real people, and get results in a cost effective way. And by the way, helping you understand exactly what works is what Hostinger Academy is all about with lots of useful guides just like this one that you're watching right now. So, make sure to hit that subscribe button and that way you will not miss any of our future tutorials. All right, guys. Now, let's roll up our sleeves and get things set up. And trust me, it's not as difficult as it may sound. And step one of this is creating your Meta business portfolio. This is basically where you'll manage all of your assets like Facebook pages, Instagram accounts, and of course, your ad account as well. First thing you're going to want to do is head over to business.fas.com and click on create account right over here. Then just enter your business name, your name, and your business email address. Then you can just go through these steps and enter the required information to complete the setup. And that's it. You're now in. But to run actual ads, you'll need to connect your Facebook page and if you have one, then your Instagram account as well. Now, from the Meta Business Suite, just go to settings like I'm doing right now. Now, when we're in the settings, just under accounts here, select pages. Look up a page you manage via the search bar and hit add. Then just follow the prompts until you're done. You can also add your Instagram account just as easily. Just select Instagram under accounts from the settings and just follow the same exact process. And with all of that out of the way, let's create your ad account. Now on the left sidebar, right underneath pages right here, you'll find add accounts. So click add and choose create a new ad account. Then enter its name. Select a time zone right here. Choose your currency. And yeah, that's pretty much it. Then just assign the ad account to your business. And you can also add your payment info right away over here. Just follow the prompts to do so and press save at the end because we don't want anything to uh end up not being saved. And that's pretty much the initial setup that is now complete. But now before you launch your first campaign, it's really crucial to understand how Meta Ads Manager structures your ads. So there are actually three levels to this. Now the first is campaign. This is where you set your advertising objectives like what you want people to do when they see your ad. Now it might be visiting your site. It might be engaging with the post or just making a purchase. Then comes in the ad set. Now here you mainly define your audience and placements. That's where your ad will appear basically. And finally, the actual ad. And this is the creative part and what people will actually see like your images, videos, ad copies, call to actions, all that. So just remember these three levels that I just mentioned. And also guys, in just one campaign, you can have multiple adsets with different audiences for example. And in each adset, you can have multiple ads with different creatives as well. All right, guys. Now that your meta ad account is ready to go, it's time to make your first big decision, and that's picking your campaign objective. And I know what you're thinking. Can't I just boost a post and hope for the best? Well, technically, yes, you can. But if you want results you can actually measure and improve on, you'll have to do it the right way. And I will show you what that way is in a second. Now, the first objective here is awareness. Now, it's great if you're launching something new and just want people to know you exist. Now with this campaign objective, Meta will show your ad to as many people as possible who are likely to remember it. So according to the algorithm basically. Now the second one is traffic. Now this one sends people to a specific destination like your website, product page or blog for example. And the third objective is engagement. That helps you get likes, comments, shares and other interactions on your posts or your page. Now, if you want to build a social presence or community, this is the one you should really pick. And if you're trying to collect emails, signups, or customer info, the leads objective is for you. It even lets you use forms right inside the ads, so users never have to leave the app, basically. Now, another one is sales, and it's a bit more advanced, and it optimizes your ads for purchases or conversions on your website. Now, tracking the results of these campaigns is a bit more tricky, but also not impossible. You can still totally do it. And the last one is app promotion, which helps you get installs for, yeah, you guessed it, a mobile app. So, now, which one should you start with? Now, if you're a beginner, I highly recommend starting with either traffic or engagement. They're really simple, really straightforward, and they help you learn how the platform works without getting bogged down in advanced setups. So, I mean, if you want more people on your site or your landing page, go with traffic. And if you want to grow your audience or get more interaction on your actual posts, engagement is your best friend here. But now, let's dive into a campaign to see what things actually look like. So, basically, to set the campaign, go to ads from your left sidebar and choose ads manager right here. Once the interface opens up, just hit create and then pick the campaign objective. Now remember, we just talked about the objective. So just pick one here, set it up, and if you're prompted, check manual ads setup here. Give your campaign a name, and then press next. And we always want to go manual with meta ads. Now, you'll arrive on this panel where you can modify the campaign level. And that's the level with the objectives here. You know, see this little panel on the left. Here you can navigate between each of the levels. And when you're all ready to proceed to the ad set, just click next. Now, once you're there, just scroll down until you reach audience controls, just like I'm doing here. And this is exactly where you can adjust the audience targeting and aim for the people that you think are most likely to convert. And this part is super super important because even the most brilliant ad won't do much if it's shown to the wrong people. So, first up, what you'll do here is you'll define your core audience based on a few key details. You can edit the location to choose where you want your ads to be shown. You can get super specific here as you want. And you can pick countries, cities, or even a specific mile radius around your store. Then all right here, you can set the age to target people who are most likely to be interested in your offer. And I mean, for example, if you're selling, let's say, trendy phone cases, then pick something between 18 to 34 year olds. That might be a great pick. And after that, you can target all genders or narrow it down depending on what you offer. And finally, the language option here is super useful if your audience speaks a specific language that's different from the default for the region that you're actually targeting. So once you have all that set up, then just scroll down a bit and click audience suggestion under advantage plus audience. And now this is going to be the fun part here guys, which is detailed targeting. basically lets you tap into the user data to find people who are likely to care about what you show them. And you can be really specific with your targeting based on a few characteristics and you'll see them in the drop- down menu right here. So just first uh right here as you can see there's demographics. So things like relationship status, educational level, job titles, and things like that. And then there's interests here. And you can target people interested in a whole lot of different things like vegan food, you know, photography, fitness, you name it. You can even go ultra ultra specific, like targeting people based on a movie they like, for example. So, search for things that define your target audience and see for yourself what's available there. And finally, there's the last category, which is the behaviors category, and it's for the actions people actually take. Now, you'll find online shoppers, frequent flyers here, or even recent boobers. And honestly, my advice here, if you're just getting started, don't overdo it with all of these. It's tempting to stuck a dozen interests and behaviors, thinking you're laser targeting the perfect person. But when you do that, your audience gets really small and your ads get more expensive. So, instead of doing that, start fairly broad, especially with interest targeting. Pick one or two categories really relevant to your product or service and then let Meta's algorithm do the rest. It's actually really good at finding the right people if you give it a bit of room to work with. Now, one quick but super important note here is if your ad has anything to do with credit, loan, employment, or job listings, housing or real estate, social issues, elections, politics, or any financial services, you'll need to select a special ad category during setup. So, to set up this category, what you're going to do is go back to campaign options and tick the show categories button under the apply name section here. Then choose the category that applies to your category specifically. And this is because the legal regulations basically it tells Meta you're working in a regulated space and it limits some targeting options to prevent discrimination. But now anyway, let's just scroll back up a bit and now comes the big question. How much should I spend? And the good news here is you don't need to throw in hundreds of dollars right away. Really, you don't. I strongly, by the way, recommend that you don't do that. And when it comes to budgeting, Meta gives you two main options. The first one is daily budget. Now, this is the amount you're willing to spend each day. Now, if you set a daily budget of, let's say, five bucks, Meta will aim to spend just around that amount each day. Now, it might just go a little bit over or under depending on how your ads perform, but it will focus around that. And then the second option is the lifetime budget. This is where you give Meta a total amount to spend over the entire campaign. So, if you set a lifetime budget to say $100 and run your ad for 10 days, Meta will try to space the spending over time for the best results. But I do strongly recommend starting with the daily budget as it's easy to manage, really flexible, and helps you keep your ad spend in check while you learn. And next comes the ad scheduling. Now, you can choose to run your campaign continuously or set a start and end date. Now, if you're just testing or let's say running a promo, definitely set an end date because no one wants a random ad draining their card 6 months from now because they forgot it existed. And here's a little pro tip, by the way. Always check your time zone settings before you launch your ads because meta runs on the time zone you set in your ad account. So, your campaign might just start or end earlier than you expect if that is off. All right, guys. Now, let's move on. So, what you're going to do next first, just scroll down to placements here. Now, Meta owns a lot of real estate on the internet, like Facebook, Instagram, Messenger, WhatsApp, and your ad can show up in all kinds of places across all of those platforms. But just before you start freaking out and micromanaging everything, let me introduce you to your new best friend as a beginner, which is Advantage Plus Placements. This option lets Meta decide the best places to show your ad. based on performance. So, you set your goal and Meta's algorithm finds the most effective placements to help you hit it. Basically, in short, it's the autopilot option. And honestly, it works really well for most beginners. I mean, there's a lot of potential places your ad might be shown in, like the Facebook or Instagram feed or reals or instream content, and you know, so on. There's literally a million places. So, in a nutshell, Advantage Plus Placements takes the guesswork out and gives you better reach and often for much less money as well. So, you can enable that by just hitting edit and checking the circle right here. But if you do do this, however, do pay attention to your assets since they'll be showing up as different placements. So, make sure your creatives don't get super distorted to fit a certain resolution or image size. And also, meanwhile, if you've got more experience or really specific goals, like only targeting Instagram users, you can manually choose your placements as well. You don't have to do the that option that I showed earlier. This basically lets you fine-tune where your ad appears. But do have a heads up here. Narrowing your placements too much can sometimes increase your costs. Now, Meta's algorithm loves flexibility, basically. And the cool thing is Meta even gives special treatment to vertical video in these placements. So if you're using advantage plus placements and you upload a video that fits, Meta will automatically slot it into stories and reels for you. Now some other placements you should know about include feeds, instream videos, and search ads. Now feeds are your just classic scrollable ads, and they're actually really solid performers. Meanwhile, instream videos are YouTube style ads that play before the content people want to watch. This placement works really well with engaging, also attentiongrabbing video content. And finally, we have search. It's a newer placement where your ads can show when people search inside the meta apps. Okay, guys. Now, it's time to actually click on our new ad and talk about the heart of our campaign and the actual creative. This is basically what people actually see and is the single most important part of your whole campaign. And trust me, this can be the difference between someone scrolling past your ad and someone actually clicking on it. So now let's hit setup creative right there and go ahead here. So I mean in 2025, attention spans are shorter than they ever have been before. So you've got 1 second, maybe 2 seconds if you're lucky to grab someone's attention. So, how do you make that scroll stopper? Well, first, spend at least 5 minutes browsing the meta ads library. Just see what others in your niche are doing. And this tool really allows you to see every ad run at the given time. It's super super useful. So, definitely don't miss the step. Now, if you notice a lot of reels with a certain ending style or hook, for example, take notes of that. Then, make sure to remember that highquality visuals, they do really work. Blurry, cluttered, or overdesigned ads just don't cut it anymore. So, use clean, really crisp images or videos. And then also consider user generated content. I mean, it's everywhere for a reason right now. Ads that feel like a real person is giving a recommendation always perform way better than polished corporel looking videos. And my next tip is to really focus on one clear problem and one clear solution. Don't try to say everything all at once. Pick a painoint your audience has and show how you solve it. And it's really ideal if you can make your ad blend into the platform. Like if you're running on reals or stories, make your ad look like the content users already watch there. And make sure to grab that attention fast. The first 3 seconds of your video or visual need to hook people in. So use motion, bold text, or just a surprising statement right away. But once you've settled on your asset, you'll need to actually upload its details via the creative setup. So just enter your website name or target page and switch to the text tab. Now, this might look a little tricky here, but it's actually pretty straightforward. And that is because Meta has specific character limits for these fields and you have to just stick to them. That's all. So first, as you can see, we have the primary text here. Now it should be but can be longer to 125 characters and feature one message. Now next up is the headline. Now here just include the big benefit or why just someone should care about it. Now the description field is next and that is where you can go a little more into detail. It won't always also be visible. So add some extra information that may help convert people. And finally right over here we have the call to action. And this should tell people exactly what to do next. Keep it really short, really simple, and really actionable. But when you're done with all of this, just switch over here to the media tab and upload your creative. So go through the specific tabs to just the assets based on the format. And we'll skip these remaining options for now and just click done. And this new section will let you edit the placements, copy, and other options for the ads. So just get familiar with them here. And finally, once you're done with all of the above, just hit publish and your first ad will go live. And guys, while scrolling through the whole ad setup, you may have noticed the destination options. Now, depending on what you do, you may want to set up a special landing page optimized for your campaign. And one of the easiest solutions for landing page creation is Hostinger's website builder. You can build your website and landing pages by putting AI to the task and take it live in literal minutes. And it's not just website creation either. You can actually craft the perfect landing page easily by dragging and dropping everything just the way you want. And it you will see it happening live. So it's really easy to use. And also if you subscribe to the AI builder for at least a year, you'll also get a domain name for free. So, Hostinger website builder even has metapixel integration. So, it's super super optimized for meta campaigns. So, if you want to give it a shot, just go to the link in the description down below and use our discount code WB10 for an additional 10% off your purchase. And now, you probably heard me mention Metapixel and you're probably wondering what it is. Well, it's a bit of a more advanced ads technique, but if you are interested in finding out what it is, we'll cover that in the upcoming video that will publish really soon. So, make sure you're subscribed to Hostinger Academy. All right, so you've launched your ad and it's live. You should now follow your campaign and track its performance like we talked about earlier. So, from the campaigns tab right over here, you can arrange the columns to track your key metrics. And I'll tell you what these are in just a second. So you'll find ad reporting on the left sidebar of ads manager. And scroll down. And I mean pretty cool, right? There are so many of them, but let me walk you through the main ones. So no need to look for them on the list. They'll be visible already for you. So first we have CPR. And this is cost per result. And this is a big one, guys. And it will be visible right away. Now, CPR tells you how much you're paying to get the outcome you set in your campaign objective. So, if your CPR is going up, it might be time to tweak your targeting or update your ad creative or just improve your landing page. Just make sure you don't throw more money at it because clearly something is not working and you need to test to find out what exactly. Then, let's talk about frequency. Now, this shows how many times on average each person saw your ad. So, if your frequency is getting high, say let's say three or more, and your performance is dropping, your audience might be getting tired of seeing the same ad. But you can fix that by rotating creatives or expanding your audience. Now, we have reach and impressions, and they should be looked at together. Now, reach is how many unique people saw your ad. Impressions, meanwhile, mean the total number of times your ad was shown, including repeats. And if you've got a ton of impressions, let's say, but low reach, your audience might be too small. So try broadening your targeting. And then it's CTR. Now, clickthrough rate. It won't be visible right away, so you'll need to enable it within the metrics panel. So this basically tells you how many people actually clicked your ad after seeing it. A good CTR, and for most beginners, it's just 1% means your creative and message are actually connecting. And if it's less than that 1%, then rework your hook, headline, or just visuals. Make your ad more scroll stopping. But now, if you've actually launched video assets, you'll see a few video metrics here as well. Now, video plays is one, and it's essentially just letting you know if people actually watch the ad. And meanwhile, here, average play time or percentage watched tells you if your viewers are sticking around or bouncing just after 2 seconds. And if your watch time is super low, your video might not be grabbing attention quickly enough. So try reworking the first 3 seconds or everything else, but mostly focus on those 3 seconds as they are really everything. And that is it guys. The more you understand these numbers, the easier it is to figure out what's working, what's not working, and where you can improve next. And the secret sauce here with Met Ads is test, learn, optimize, and repeat it all over again. Don't stress if your first campaign isn't perfect. Nobody's is. Trust me. What matters is that you're learning and improving with every single click. And now, if you found this video helpful at all, give it a thumbs up and make sure you subscribe to Hostinger Academy for more tutorials that will help you grow your business online. And if you have a question about meta ads, just drop it in the comments down below. And also, if you're interested in trying out the website builder that I mentioned before, check out the video next where we show you a step-by-step process on how to build a website using its powerful AI features. But for now guys, thank you so much for watching and I will see you in the next video.

  Top Comments:
  1. @HostingerAcademy [18 likes]: If you're not using Meta Ads, you're missing out on the best targeting options in the game 👉https://bit.ly/4kOyh2n
💥 Use the discount code WB10 to get 10% OFF!
  2. @WiktoriaNoga-g8w: i like that you screaming, this help me to focus :P
  3. @AnanyaBaidya-m2k: Ipweb tipson meta ads are  super helpful, thanks! 😊
  4. @adeyemichael: Thank you so much, you make everything simple...
  5. @jimmyv878: I'm having trouble setting this up, when I create a new account and try to set up the ads it gets restricted right away. Has anyone dealt with this? I also saw people saying you need to use a new Facebook account for about 2 weeks before touching Business Suite or Ads Manager, otherwise it gets flagged automatically. Is that actually the fix? Any advice would be appreciated.
  6. @BoyanG_94: Hi. Exelent video....only...that you skip the "crop" part on min 19:00 , so can you just elaborate a little bit more on that matter please. Thanks in advance.
  7. @gamerworld4839: Very helpful ip web
  8. @Chelseaboy1905-ze2uz: Very good and useful video. Thanks so much for sharing! 💙
  9. @koushikisaha: I recently got interested in meta ads , google ads and all ❤❤🎉
  10. @ShilaDas-e5l: Like the video
  11. @madya_id: I really appreciate the explanation about the 'learning phase' and the importance of the first 3 seconds in video ads. It’s those little details that make a huge difference in ROI. Awesome content❤
  12. @takeetahenry1740: Can I do all the above via my phone or is this for computers only?
  13. @IkejiakuChineye: Thank you 🙏
  14. @Teamxmhamoud: you describe every step very well i also use ip web its a great way to earn
  15. @divijjawarani: What if we want to do an existing post or reel for an ad?
  16. @ShilaDas-e5l: Great video
  17. @RAJUBHAIYT-h9n: Great post@ipweb
  18. @cathode-kits1894: I wish i had found this video before pulling my hair out for a week, trying to understand and run ads .   The Help in the Meta is terrible, and the Ai problem solving  is mostly Useless . Also it seems full of bugs.
  19. @cathode-kits1894: Warning   !!   Scammers will try to Hack you like Crazy !    In the first 2 days  i got 4 Messages saying  "YOUR AD VIOLATED FB RULES  .. But Enter this form and Submit a Request Review" ..  where they Phishing for PW and Phone # .   Don't Fall for it  !  They almost got me, but i quickly changed my password ..Yikes !
  20. @devangakemini5538: thanks alot

- Travel Agent Ad Strategy: Fix Your Facebook Campaigns in 2026: Kind: captions Language: en Welcome back, guys. I got another banger video for you today. What I'm going to be doing is breaking down the analysis component of running a meta ad campaign. Because I think uh what really separates uh people when it comes to running ads on Meta is having a clear understanding of where you need to be from an ad budget perspective to really really scale uh your ads. Now, a lot of people when they run ads on Meta, they're running at a really, really low cost per day. And when I mean a low cost per day, I mean like honestly anything under like $500 a day, which sounds like a lot, but really what Meta is looking for is Meta is looking for uh about 50 conversions per week to get a clear understanding as to who our target audience is. Meta when it comes to running ads is kind of has like a ballpark when it comes to it algorithm. and it does a pretty decent job of getting to people, but it needs to be fed to get pinpoint accurate understanding as to what we're looking to accomplish. And ad spend really allows us to accomplish that. And that 50 conversions per week is really that baseline that uh Meta talks about needing to have to really feed the algorithm. So, what do I mean by that? 50 conversions. What does that mean? That's kind of um you know, it's not very clear. [snorts] If you're running a uh Facebook campaign where you want people to book an appointment with you or fill out a form or sign up for a webinar, uh once you have around 50 of those conversions per week, you're sending enough information back to the Facebook pixel for it to have a clearer understanding as to who is seeing your ads and then going to click on that next action of uh filling out the form, signing up for the webinar, all those sorts of things. If you can't achieve 50 conversions per week, which for a lot of people is going to be really, really tough. That's where the ad spend thing comes into play, it's going to be really, really hard to actually train the pixel. Now, this doesn't mean that you can't be successful with a meta campaign. It just means that if you don't have a big budget to run on ads, you have to be really surgical and precise with what's going on with your meta ads. >> [snorts] >> So, with that, with that said, in this video, I'm going to break down how to actually read the meta campaigns, [snorts] uh, as much as you possibly can and how all of these things are kind of working in the back end so you can get a better analysis as to whether or not your ad campaigns are actually working or if they're really terrible. because it might look like on paper that they're not doing anything, but in reality, they're actually doing something in the back end and we just need to understand how to help it out. So, it's really important to understand if you cannot get 50 conversions per week for the thing that you're looking to accomplish, we need to be really surgical with our ad spend. Now before I actually jump into crunching these numbers and understanding these things, I need to uh introduce you to audience types. There's broad interest and lookalike audience types. Now we are running off of the assumption that when you launch a meta campaign, you are doing so with the ads manager, the meta ads manager. If you are boosting a post, this is not applicable to this. I would also say don't do that. You're just throwing money into the wind. [snorts] You really need to go to Meta Ads Manager to get the most out of your ad campaign. So that's number one. Step number one, you have to run ads out of Meta Ads Manager to actually generate results. So let's circle back to these audience types. What is broad? As the name kind of implies, this is a broad target. You're basically just saying to Meta, hey, we're running ads. This is our creative. Get this in front of as many people as possible. use the algorithm to find those people that we're looking for and get them to commit to an action. So, in this scenario, let's be a little bit more specific, right? Let's say we're running a webinar because I think a webinar for a lot of travel advisors is going to be one of the best mechanisms for lead generation if you're running ads on Meta. Okay, so in this scenario, we are running ads to get people to go to a webfunnel where they sign up for a webinar and then they join our webinar and we convert them into leads or sorry into clients. All right, so with a broad audience type, you have an ad creative. Let's say you're promoting uh a trip to Tanzania and in your creative you're saying something like, "Have you ever wanted to go to Tanzania? Join our webinar today uh to learn more about what it looks like to go to Tanzania." Something like that. And people see that creative and they click they sign up on your your your webfunnel for the uh for the webinar that then sends information back to uh Meta that hey this person went from the meta platform to your webunnel and signed up for a webinar. That's a conversion. So for broad targeting for it to really really do well you need a lot of data of more people signing up for your webinar. Again about 50 per week for that to actually occur. And to give you a little bit more context, a really solid webinar is converting at about $5 to $10 a day. I mean, a really, really good webinar with really good creative is converting around that uh price point. I would say the average is converting around $25 a day. So, sorry, $25 per registration. So, you [clears throat] can do the math, right? If we need 50 a week and it's costing us, let's say on the upper B band of $25 to $30, that's a lot of ad spend to get to that 50 uh per week, right? So, we can see those are our reverse engineering metrics. If we want to run a broad audience, we can tap into every single user uh on Meta that is going to actually see that ad and take action. It's really cool. But what's really cool about Meta and also scary is that there's over thou there's a few thousand different data attribution points that Meta has on each and every single Meta user and you know that's Facebook, Instagram across both platforms and threads and I think even WhatsApp. So Meta can do a really good job of finding the right people, but it needs help. It needs information. It needs data and the only way we're going to be able to give that data is by spending money. But then you have interest targeting. That's essentially where we go to meta and we say, "Hey, I'm going to help you out a little bit more. I'm going to tell you that these are people who have a high income. They have an interest in Tanzania. They are frequent travelers. Uh, and maybe they're, I don't know, um, they follow, let me think of a good one. I don't know. They follow Abberrombie and Kent on Facebook." This will create an audience size. So, if you're broad, that's going to be all of the users of of Meta within that particular region. Most of you are probably going to run it on the United States. If you do interest targeting, you're immediately uh making your audience size much smaller to a point where it's only those people who have that interest type. So, it could go from, let's say, 365 million to maybe 12 million people, which is still an insane amount of people. This will help you uh get uh Meta's algorithm a little bit more dialed, but it's still too broad. One thing about Meta's algorithm, how it works, is that there's a ton of different event types. There's purchase, there's add to cart, there's schedule, there's registration, there's uh lead, all of these c certain things. And we can tell Facebook what we classify uh as each one of those events. Like if someone comes to our website, it's called a page view event and we're able to send that information back to Meta. And we can say, hey, here are all the people who have visited our site. If we want to get more in front of people who visit our site, we can tell uh Facebook, hey, we just want to get in front of people who uh have committed to this event, this page view event. But if we want more uh webinar registrations, we have to have people who are uh taking the uh initiative to actually register for webinars. So the way that Facebook works is it actually has those metrics. It knows whether uh an individual has a tendency to sign up or register for an event, a webinar, a local event, whatever it might be. and it will run those ads to those people, but it will also uh look at people who like never sign up for anything or maybe they click on an ad and do a page view of your webunnel, but they never take any action. There's so many different data points that Facebook is trying to utilize to get in front of your target audience. Okay, now that leads us to lookalike audiences. So, what's cool about lookalike audiences is this gives us the capability to run to a very specific audience type based off of data that we've already collected in-house data. So, let's say you run ads for over a year and you've gotten a thousand webinar registrations. You can then take that audience, you can say, "Here's my list of a thousand people. They've all signed up for my webinar. They here's their names. Here's their email. All that stuff." and you give it to Facebook and you say, "We want to look at this audience and we want to get people who are just like this." We develop a lookalike audience. Now, instead of, you know, 12 million people based off that off of that interest target, now we have maybe a million people based off of our custom audience. And Facebook has even more clarity as to who is looking at your webinar and signing up for that webinar. Now, this is under the assumption that it's still a Tanzania webinar and you're looking for booked registrations. All right? It's very granular. Your cost per lead is going to go much lower and it'll do a much better job at getting in front of your target audience and doing those conversions, but it's a much smaller audience size. So, eventually you could burn through that. The smaller your audience size, the faster you're going to burn through that audience size, and you'll have to come up with different offers and different angles and different creatives. So broad, you have 365 million people. You can run an ad and keep running that ad as long as it's producing the results that you're looking for. And you can run that ad until you exhaust that entire 365 million people. And I'll give you uh a little p peak behind the curtain as to how much uh ad spend that I've done and how many people have gotten in front of to give you a little bit more context as to how long it would take to go through every single person on meta uh before you would say, "All right, I need to change my creative." The same thing is going to happen with your interest and then your lookalike. The smaller your audience, the faster you're going to quote unquote burn through your creative. Okay, so that's the context behind the meta ad stuff, right? It's really important to understand the back end of these sorts of things when it comes to meta because now that we have that sort of picture, we can develop creative and a game plan to get in front of more people. You're eventually once you find something that works going to want to spend money on broad targeting because it increases your audience size. And Facebook is going to take all the data that it's learned through its pixel, your personal pixel, to get in front of more people that are doing that action, that webinar registration action that we want. All right. If this sounds really advanced, it's because this is really advanced. This is why people who know this stuff and do really well um can be very, very, very, very, very successful. Because here's the thing about running ads. Meta [snorts] is just one platform. There's hundreds of different ways to produce leads. This is just one. [snorts] If if you have the capability of getting your message in front of your target audience, they will get the thing. They will buy the thing. They will do the thing that you want them to do. They will sign the registration for the webinar. They will book an appointment with you. They will buy your item. It's just a question of whether or not we can get in front of our audience with the right offer that resonates with them and their pain point. That's why for a lot of marketing, everything kind of starts with your offer. Do you have this? Are you this person? Do you have this painoint? Well, we have this solution. It's that simple. But it's very difficult in execution because wording matters. Copy matters. Your ad campaign lives and dies by the power of your hook and your offer. So, these things are super crucial. Okay. With all of that said, let's actually break down an existing ad campaign that I'm running for the Travel Agents Academy to get more students enrolled into our academy. Now, because this is a brand new pixel, uh, a bunch of brand new data sets, we are testing a lot of different things to find the thing that works the best. I'm going to try and make this video a little bit shorter and not make this a 2hour long video because it can very easily get to that point. But with that said, let's actually go to the ad campaign. You're going to lose my face because I can't for some reason with Meta uh show my face when I uh screen share. All right. So, uh let's actually go to uh my ad account for uh the Travel Agents Academy. You can see here that we've been running uh this these ads since I don't even know, maybe like a month now. We've tried uh a ton of different campaigns that we've had variations and variations and variations and variations of. All right, so let's actually get into an existing campaign that we're running right now. I'm going to reverse engineer these numbers and kind of give you a little bit more clarity as to what the thought process is. Okay, so this is our current campaign. Really what we're looking to do is for people to buy a low ticket uh item where we're teaching them uh a little like a a one thing about sales, one thing about marketing. Those are our two offers. We're looking for people to buy those things to offset the cost of the advertising so that way uh we can more cheaply get in front of our target audience and create a custom audience and then do retargeting. I know this doesn't make any sense yet. I'm going to break all of this stuff down. Okay, so as you can see here, we're averaging a $41 cost per purchase and we spent about $123. I'm not really happy with this. I want this to be probably around $5 to $10 cost per purchase. So, we have to dial this in to get in front uh of the right target audience. So, as a campaign, this is our overview. This is our campaign right here. And we have three different ad sets or we did have three different adsets. Let me go to a past one. So we had three different adsets. We had interest target, lookalike audience, and broad set audience. Now Facebook, what it's going to be doing with its algorithm is if you do not have enough data attribution points, it's going to uh look at things like CTR and engagement rate. CTR is a click-through rate. And if I scroll over here to the right, we can see our click-through rate right here. We have a 2.62 62 3 and a 1.29. A really like average CTR is about 2%. A really great CTR is 3% or higher. Uh I would say actually anywhere from 2 to 3% is a pretty good CTR and gives us a good base set. But inside each one of these ad sets are ad creatives which are going to skew the total CTR. Now, let me jump deeply into the broad set and kind of give you a little bit more like information as to how that's performing from an ad set level, like the ad creative level. So, I'm jumping in here more and I can see that our CTRs are completely different. The one creative that's actually generated um I believe this is one that's actually generated a purchase. Now, let me do this. So, we've gotten two purchases with this particular creative with $50 spent. And we've gotten in front of a,000 people with this ad, with this one ad creative. And our cost per click was about $2.91. This means someone saw our ad, they clicked it, and it went to our site. So, we were paying $2.91 to look at our ad, uh, click it, and then come to our site. But our CTR was actually really, really low, 1.25%, 25% which is a below average when it comes to engagement metrics for a creative. Alternatively, if I come back here to let's say interest targeting which again we are honing in more as to who our target audience is. We're basically telling Facebook we want to get in front of travel agents. If I come here I can see automatically my CTR is a lot higher. Now, if you do not have uh a lot of data going back to Facebook for your event that you want to track, in our case it's a purchase event. If we do not have over 50 of these events happening every week, the data uh the pixel is actually going to be sort of starving for data. So, it's going to look at the next best thing. It's going to look at subevents that might occur through that process. These are page view events. These could be if you have a registration form that they need to fill uh before they can actually buy a thing, they might be looking at that event as well. The more common one is going to be a page view event because that is uh included in your pixel. Anytime you add a pixel to your site, it's going to automatically include that page view event. So, if you do not have those 50 per week conversions for your uh thing that you want to occur in our event, a purchase, Facebook is then going to look at page view event. This is also going to skew your data because if we're not getting enough of our purchase events, Facebook will then look at our page uh page view events and it will promote the broad set a lot more because Facebook does a really good job of generating traffic to your website, but that doesn't necessarily mean that that traffic is interested in the thing that you're selling and looking to actually take that action of purchase or in the webinar uh situation, sign up for a webinar because it's a different data set, they have a higher likelihood of viewing a website as opposed to taking that next action. So, when Facebook doesn't have enough data, it goes to that next thing, which is a page view uh event. And that's going to skew our our pixel and the data that we're sending back to Facebook because it's going to see all of these page view events and think, "Oh, hey, we're doing the thing that the client wants us to do. we're getting in front of a target audience who is going and viewing the webfunnel. So, it's going to keep on hammering, hammering, and hammering those people who are more likely to do a page view event. So, if we're running a really low ad spend, you're more than likely not going to want to have a page view event. I highly recommend turning it off um just to test things um and and things move really quickly with advertising, especially on on meta. So, this could change, but as of right now in November 2025, I would recommend just turning off page view. The next thing that's going to happen, the next uh sort of engagement metric is whether or not people are going to look at the ad creative. It's going to look at your CTR. It's going to look at your clicks, and it's going to find creative where uh people are engaging with it more, which is totally fine because you do want Facebook to find an ad creative that is more engaging for people. uh because then that's going to ultimately result in a lower cost per lead when it comes to the ultimate um event that you want to uh occur. This is why if you run a Facebook event and you're just doing like a lead form or a messenger um lead event, you're going to have much more quote unquote leads because the barrier to entry is much smaller and Facebook can track all of that stuff within it. you can have someone who accidentally fills out a form or accidentally messages you and that's qualified as a lead and you can dirty the pixel uh more and more. So when we structure a meta campaign like this, it has a lot more um I guess of a learning phase, but you're cleaning the pixel a lot better and you're giving it really clean, accurate data as opposed to dirtying it with uh leads that you wouldn't say are leads. they're just junk leads or they accidentally, you know, signed up for the thing or or whatever it might be. Hopefully that helps. I understand that this is a lot of information and this is sort of drinking from a fire hose, but uh for the one person that this is going to be helpful for, I think that's really powerful. I do want to take a second here to say that if this is you where you're feeling really overwhelmed with this and you don't know what to do, I would encourage you to look at the travel agents academy. Come join us at our at our academy. I actually go through situations like this live with your account and actually give you clear advice as to what you need to do next so there's no confusion. And if you're unhappy with, you know, our systems or our program, um, we'll give you your money back. You know, we have a 30-day guarantee where there's no questions asked. Okay? So, hopefully that'll be interesting to you. Now with that said, coming back to this sort of lesson, uh as you can see here, we have interest targeting and we have lookalike uh audience. Our click-through rate is actually much higher um than our in our lookalike past audience than our interest targeting. And I should say this, I forgot to mention that our lookalike audience is actually comprised of data points uh from me running ads for a year under Apex Creatives, which is my marketing agency where I helped uh travel agents grow their business for like the last like two three years. I was running uh that that agency for that particular offer. Apex is still around. We just do something entirely different. Um, so I had all of these incredible data point data points of travel agents who were actively looking for help uh for their business. So this is a a clear indication that that data is still really relevant. We're getting less clicks because our population is much smaller and data uh Facebook is actually uh pushing more of the amount the ad spend into different um ad sets. You can see here $140 went to interest targeting, $72 went to broad set, and $28 went to our lookalike audience. Now, you're probably asking, why is Facebook allocating less ad spend to the ad set that's doing the best? It simply goes back to not having enough data going back to the pixel for Facebook to completely understand. So, this is where I mean we have to be surgical with it. We can see that our cost per lead for our broad set is way too high. And even at this point, our cost per lead for interest targeting based off of our lookalike audience is too high as well. So, I can turn this off and and just focus the ad set and the ad creatives on our lookalike audience because that's doing the best right now. Okay. So, let me circle back to our fundamentals behind the Travel Agents Academy. What are we looking to actually accomplish with our marketing in the Facebook campaign? Like I said, we are looking for people to take some sort of action that shows us that they're interested in growing their agency. So, we're asking them to purchase something that we know is going to help their agency. And this helps us get in front of more people who are willing to spend money to help grow their agency. They can see the value of investing inside the academy. So, this is a great low ticket way to sort of separate people who are not really truly interested in growing their agency with people who are definitely interested in growing their agency. So, let me go to our current campaign and kind of break down what we've seen in the last few days and what our next steps are going forward with this campaign. So, as I mentioned, we actually turned off the broad set match and we've only been focusing on interest targeting and lookalike audiences. We wanted to replicate what was happening the previous week and see if that uh same situation would uh occur. And we could see that yet again our lookalike audience has performed significantly better than our interestbased audience. So now we've turned off the interestbased targeting and we're only focusing on our lookalike audience. And I had mentioned that we have two offers for these audiences. One is a sales focused offer and another is a marketing offer. Throughout these two campaigns, we've only been focused on a sales offer. So now our next step is to test the two offers. Which one is more uh uh important to our target audience? Is it helping with sales or is it helping with marketing? Once we have that understanding, we can actually uh pour more ad spend into an offer that works better versus the other. Because ultimately what we're doing is we're getting people who are taking an event, a purchase event, and showing to us that they are interested in the thing that we are offering in some capacity. They are underneath the umbrella of looking to uh improve their agency and they're willing to spend money to do it. Even if it's a low ticket of, you know, I think it's uh $18 for our marketing offer and then for the sales one, it's something like $27. just enough for us to see, okay, hey, these people are financially motivated and investing in their business. Okay, so we have a lookalike audience of past travel agents that uh has helped us create, I think, an audience size of about 2 to 3 million people that we can run an offer to to generate interest in our product, the Travel Agents Academy. We've now gotten our cost per result average to around $16 for just the sales offer. Our next step is actually to uh AB split the offer and test how a marketing offer would do versus a sales Once we have more data on this, our next step is to create a a different audience to target specifically with our travel agents academy offer. Once we have a hundred people who have purchased the uh I'll say our low ticket offers, we can then create a custom audience of just those individuals and hammer those folks as well. Or what we can do is we can create a retargeting campaign to look at the people who have engaged with our ads and rehit them with different angles, different messages. Maybe it's more information focused. Maybe it's more of a different offer. It can be so many different things that we can retarget with. So, let me show you what that looks like real quick. So, if I move this to video engagement, this tells me how many people uh h we've reached. So, about 1,200 people. And let me do this. We have 3 second plays. So, out of 1,200 people, about uh maybe about 10% have stopped the ad and watched the first 3 seconds. So, that's a pretty high CTR. That's going to be probably it's about a 10% CTR. So what this does is this also creates uh an an audience of people who have engaged with our content. They have found our 3 seconds our offer interesting. They just need maybe rehit. Maybe they need that 7 hours of engagement, that 7 hours engagement rule. And with that metric, we can actually do a lot more with our advertising. So hopefully this helps. I wanted to break all of this down. Again, I realize that this is very data inensive, but the reality of the situation for for running ads, for doing marketing is that data is a crucial crucial aspect to marketing. So if you feel overwhelmed with those sorts of things, I really encourage you to uh reach out to us at the academy. We'd love to have you. We'd love to help you out. Um and hopefully we'll talk soon. If you want to learn more uh and and kind of follow along, we're going to be creating more content like this as time goes on. So, uh give us a like, give give us a subscription, uh share us if you think this could help one of your friends or your colleagues. I appreciate it. And uh we'll see you soon.

- Best Facebook Ads Targeting Strategy for 2026: Kind: captions Language: en in this video I'm going to show you three very different Facebook ad targeting strategies that use different Facebook ad campaign types now I've spent more than $100 million on these three targeting strategies and know exactly which ones you should use and when let's get into it so before you get into the specific targeting options that you might want to select within your Facebook ad campaigns you first need to decide on which Facebook ad campaign type you going to use because once you select the type of campaign that's going to have a big impact on what targeting options are even available to you as you go through the campaign creation process and there's different ends of the spectrum there's campaign types that allow you to have a lot of input and control as a Facebook Advertiser and others where you basically have none and it's all up to Meta Meta is going to work out your targeting for you okay so to walk you through these options I'm in an example uh Facebook ad account here the first one I'm going to talk about are Advantage Plus shopping campaigns and quickly show you what that looks like from a targeting standpoint so I'm just going to go ahead and click on this green create button going to go down to sales click continue and then you can see we've got two options we've got manual sales campaigns and then we've got Advantage Plus shopping campaign I'll talk about manual sales campaigns later on if we select Advantage Plus shopping campaign I click continue here now the thing you'll notice about this is that there's only two levels to this campaign there's instead of having traditional three levels of campaign adset ad they've got two levels because the campaign and adset levels are combined and then this one here is for ad creation right but if we go back to this campaign and adset level the equivalent of so if we scroll down I'm not going to worry about this other stuff I'm just going to get down to the targeting section which is here basically the only input that you can have over the targeting with an Advantage Plus shopping campaign is audience location this section here so you can see it's defaulted the UK but I could change that I could add other countries I could get more um specific all that sort of thing right and you can see that meta here is encouraging us to be broad with our targeting even so when it comes to an advanced FL shopping campaign you also have this section here but this is very much for reporting this is not for targeting so you can enter in um who your engaged audience is who your existing customers are and that's going to allow meta to report on how much of your budget is spent on cold audience versus people who have engaged with your business versus people who' have already bought from you previously but it doesn't really affect targeting uh very much this is it its audience location now if you're new to Facebook and Instagram advertising you might be thinking why on Earth would you not want to have more targeting input why on Earth would you not want to say um I think you should Target these people because they're likely to be interested in my products and services meta how do you even know what my products and services are and who's going to be interested in them how are you going to be able to work out who to Target what we've seen over the years is that meta has become much much more sophisticated at working out who to put your ads in front of who are the best possible prospects and they know because they have tons of data on their users from their interactions both on platform and off platform uh what they're interested in what they purchase what they talk about etc etc um and also they use realtime feedback loops when they're running your ads so they'll test with a setup like this where meta is going to work it out for you they'll put ads in front of lots of different people and they'll see who engages with them and who then goes on to convert most of the time going to be make a purchase which is what you're going to optimize for most of the time with the Advantage Plus shopping campaign and meta will then go aha okay we can see more engagement from people this age who are interested in this who live here let's put more ads in front of people just like them and those feedback loops are now very fast meta's algorithm for working this out their AI for putting this in place is very sophisticated and we do typically see that meta does a good job of working out who to advertise to now might thinking okay but why are there so few targeting options in here and really what meta is trying to do with Advantage Plus shopping campaigns is they're trying to eliminate Advertiser error so they're basically saying we don't want you as the advertiser coming in adding in lots of targeting criteria reducing the size of your audience right down because you're likely to get worse results that means you're going to miss out on a lot of potential customers so they're just going you know what hands off will'll manage it for you there's also to some extent a push to protect user privacy so if advertisers aren't selecting targeting options but sort of Mets doing that behind the scenes then then um they're less likely to come under external pressure because one of the things that people often find a bit creepy about online advertising in general if they're not familiar with it is the ability to Target People based on their behaviors online or their interests and things like that and this sort of puts that behind um the system as it were behind a wall where us as advertisers aren't doing it it's being done um automatically so there is is that motivation um as well so as matters become more and more sophisticated we've used Advantage Plus shopping campaigns more and more I'll talk about when you want to use which one and and when once we've once we've run through um the options but whilst to beginners this might sound crazy it is often a really good way to go now in the same way that you have Advantage Plus shopping camp campaigns and then manual sales campaigns there is a tailored campaign version for lead campaigns so you can do manual lead campaigns or you could do tailored lead campaigns um and that does have restricted targeting criteria although it is more you know the diff there is a difference between Advantage FL shopping and a tailored leads campaign in terms of what you can do targeting wise but I just wanted to quickly mention it because if you're thinking well okay this only applies to sales campaigns right there is a Lead version as well that has a more restricted targeting setup we'll get back to the video in a second before we do I just want to quickly let you know about my mentorship program now with my mentorship program me and my team Mentor people daily to help them get the best possible Facebook ad results we've actually had some amazing results recently from some of our mentees we'll pop them up on screen right now in fact 82% of people that join my mentorship program see a notable Improvement in their Facebook ads return on adspend within just 30 days of joining and that's a stat that I'm really proud of there is a link in the video description below you can click on that come through to a page on our website and book in a free no obligation call with one of my team members to find out more about it and see if it would be a really good fit for you hopefully we get a chance to work together okay so the next campaign type that then impacts the targeting options that you have um that I want to go through is a manual campaign in this case I'm going use a manual sales campaign that then uses Advantage Plus audience targeting not to be confused with this Advantage Plus shopping campaign I know because they both contain the phrase Advantage Plus that can make things confusing and this is something that advertisers get confused on all the time on my mhip calls this is something that comes up all the time which one of these two are you actually using people think they're the same thing they are most definitely not so I'm going to show you the difference now so that you understand so I just go ahead and close that down that's an Advantage Plus shopping campaign if I go ahead and create a new campaign let's go ahead and select sales again uh click continue and this time we're going to go with a manual sales campaign so if I click continue here we've got the three levels again right we've got The Campaign level the adset level and the ad we know that targeting is set at the adset level so that's what we're going to skip through to and not going to worry about anything else within this adset level instead I'm going to come down to the targeting section okay so the default in most Facebook ad accounts not all but most Facebook ad accounts now is when you create a manual campaign this going to apply to manual sales campaigns just like manual lead campaigns is to have this setup where you have Advantage Plus audience targeting you can see that down here and what you get with Advantage Plus audience targeting is a combination between this audience control set ction and then Advantage Plus audience so the difference between the two is that anything that occurs that you input within audience controls are hard targeting criteria is in meta follow these as rules I only want to Target people that meet this criteria whereas anything you enter as Advantage Plus audience targeting down here is a suggestion you can see it literally says audience suggestion down here so in the audience controls part we have things like location just like with the Advantage Plus campaign it's like look I only want to advertise in these locations if I'm a local business is only around here uh maybe I only want to advertise in one country maybe I want to advertise in specific countries but meta don't sort of violate that targeting criteria just stick um to that place there are some other options as well if I click see options you can set a minimum age only goes up to 25 but there are all sorts of products and services that you can only advertise to people over a certain age and that's going to vary between country rights so that might be really important of okay I have to advertise legally to only people over the age of 21 um for this particular product you can exclude custom audiences you can specifically exclude warm audiences um let's say you're running a new customer offer that you don't really want your existing customers to see that would be a good use case and then you can be specific around languages okay so those are the options you've got in audience controls then we come down to the Advantage Plus audience section and these are suggestions so you can enter in things like age ranges uh gender targeting and then detail targeting so for example our um if we were running ads for our own stuff to called audiences we might add in something like social media marketing people who are interested in social media marketing right so I can go ahead I don't want job titles I want don't want employers I want that as an interest another thing to just watch out for on targeting so I might have something like this but all these criteria are suggestions so even if I set an age range of I don't know 25 to let's say 55 if meta believes there is someone outside of that age range younger or older who may well be perfect for what we're advertising here and likely to convert they will still put ads in front of them likewise if you select uh along gender lines if you say look I want to go only advertise only to men if meta feels like there are some women that might really convert or vice versa then they would then they will put ads in front of them the same applies detail targeting and you can also with advis plus audience add in custom audience um sections so this could be warm audiences this could be look look audiences and if you add a warm audience in here let's say website visitors as an example okay so let's go ahead and add in website visitors uh website visitors 180 days and let me there's loads of custom a in there cuz this is an example ad account um so let's say we D website visitors 180 days well yes meta can Target those people but it can also go outside of that um as well and target people who haven't visited your website in 180 days again if the system believes that there are good prospects out there that are likely to convert so these things are all suggestions and this is kind of a clever hybrid between just fully trust ing Advantage Plus shopping campaigns where you have no control but also going the other end and not giving method the flexibility and saying I only want to Target these people with Advantage Plus audience targeting in manual campaigns you kind of get to benefit from both uh worlds you get to say look meta here's some direction here are some warm audiences of mine um here's some interest targeting options that I think apply why don't you start there but then you have the flexibility to learn and and Target other people um from there after that then the Third campaign type I want to talk about is manual campaigns just like this one so manual sales campaign manual leads campaign but instead of using Advantage Plus audience targeting where you have this split I just demonstrated between audience controls and Advantage Plus audience instead what you do is you come down here and you switch to original audience options now meta is going to recommend you don't do that they're going to say you're likely to get worse results up to 33% lower cost per result if you use Advantage Plus audience but you can override and go ahead and say no no I want to use original audiences now once you do that you will see that when it comes to your targeting option you've obviously got the warnings I just talked about but your targeting setup is basically what it used to be before meta introduced Advantage Plus shopping campaigns and before they introduced Advantage Plus audience right so here you're entering things like custom audiences locations age ranges gender uh detailed targeting options and these can act as hard constraints as in don't mattera go outside these these aren't suggestions anymore these are I only want to Target these people now for us to properly work as in literally just target the people within your targeting criteria you do need to deselect any targeting expansion options which are turned on by default so for example this one here Advantage custom audience is saying you can reach people beyond my website visitors so you would want to deselect that again meth is going to tell you not to recommend you uh you don't do that and then depending on what other targeting inputs you've selected um you might have other targeting expansion we can see we've got Advantage Detail targeting here now in not in all ad accounts I should say can you actually even turn these off anymore like in some ad account accounts you can't turn off Advantage custom audience or uh Advantage Detail targeting um that's going to vary ad account to ad account some ad accounts don't have original audiences this whole setup as an option anymore but this is the option that gives you as the advertiser the most control if you wanted to be really specific and say no I only want to advertise to these people now I'll talk about which one you should use and when in a minute but before I do that I want to make a really really important point and that's that the data we receive by default in our Facebook and Instagram ad accounts is nowhere near as accurate as it used to be but in order to get the best out of your Facebook campaigns no matter which campaign type you choose no matter which targeting option you choose you have to have accurate data without that you can't optimize the campaigns and meta can't optimize the campaigns and we've seen especially with campaign types like Advantage Plus shopping campaigns and things like that where meta has more control that is absolutely crucial now the solution to that lowquality data by default is hyros hyos is the best tracking and attribution software for Facebook and Instagram ads it's a software that all the big players including myself use I use it to track the results I generate from my own ad I also use it for all my organic content as well which is really useful so someone comes through and books a call for our done for you services for example I can see exactly where they came from with a lot of accuracy and that allows me to make decisions in my business which is really really helpful and let me quickly show you how important this is so I'm in my hos dashboard um I've isolated one of our meta ad campaigns and I created a report for it so we can see the data and you can take a look at this so this campaign spent just under £2,000 generated £15,000 in Revenue but here's the really important bit reported versus revenue and in this column we can see £12,000 now what that means is that out of the £15,000 that this campaign has actually generated Hy Ros has been able to report on the full 15,000 12 £12,000 of which meta was not originally able to see so if we're just looking within our meta ad account not using hos we would have seen that £ 3,000 of revenue is generated from this campaign and that is not true at all that is a much much lower roas number than the actual1 15,000 of Revenue that was generated for a number of years now meta's ad tracking capabilities have not been as accurate as they once were because all sorts of privacy regulations to come into effect and it's only heading that way it's only becoming more and more difficult to get accurate data and and track our results as we need to be able to do this is a relatively extreme case and the reason why is because meta has a 7day maximum attribution window and this is an ad campaign that's retargeting for one of our services that people usually take a lot longer than 7 days to make a decision on so someone clicks on an ad they often won't convert within 7 Days meta simply not able to see that data and that's where hyos comes in the important thing is that you need accurate data and hyos takes care of that so if you want to get better results from your Facebook ads without actually having to touch your ads go ahead and sign up to hos there is a link in the video description so which one of these three campaign types should you be using so more often than not now we are going to use Advantage Plus shopping campaigns for our clients that's typically what we are going to use and we've been transitioning that way for some time because through enormous amounts of testing we found that more often than not not always but more often than not that is going to produce the best results for our clients but what I should say is that most of the time when we start working with a client they've already running Facebook and Instagram ads for a while they've already proven that the platform can work for them can generate leads generate um sales what that means is that their ad account has data in it and we have found and it kind of makes sense logically that Advantage Plus shopping campaigns perform better when that ad account has conversion data because of course that's how meta is going to work out who to put ads in front of and all the other optimization points like how often to put ads in front of them and that sort of thing right so the more sales that you actually have in a in an ad account the more likely and Advantage Plus shopping campaign is going to perform well and that is the scenario with a lot of the clients that that work with us they've already been running um that before but if you're not in that scenario and you are a beginner or you've got a relatively new ad account that doesn't have a lot of conversion data then I do like that middle option that hybrid option where you're using Advantage Plus audience you're using a manual either sales or leads campaign it can work for either and then you're using that Advantage Plus audience targeting option to give meta some direction some targeting suggestions some initial idea so that meta's not testing from just you know the pool of humanity they are actually sort of uh targeted initially but it also gives meta that flexibility to work out who to Target um you're not going to make big mistakes making your audience far too small and being too restrictive and preventing your your ad campaigns from reaching a lot of potentially good leads a lot of potentially good prospects that might purchase and become customers and all that sort of thing okay so for me it's it's a nice hybrid I would not recommend that you use original audiences and then deselect all the targeting expansion options like I discussed unless you have a very specific reason to do so it's very easy to do that and mess things up and if I just jump back to the ad account I can show you exactly what I'm talking about so within this original audience's um setup I've got a custom audience in here website 180 days I've also narrowed down by age range a bit and I've narrowed down by um interest and I'm only targeting the UK and because this is an example ad account it doesn't have the pixel set up on like my website it's on an example website because demonstration purposes we can see that the estimated daily results here reach less than 10 basically this campaign won't run it won't put ads in front of people why because I've gone in and messed up the targeting setup here I've been too specific I've got custom audiences in alongside other Target options like um interest and things like that not something you want to do with original audiences absolutely fine with Advantage Plus audience because with that setup meta has the flexibility to go beyond those people so they'll start with your website visitors they'll start with people interested in social media marketing but also go and advertise to others if um they think that's going to get you good results and is appropriate but not with this setup so it's very easy with a original audiences to mess things up and that's why meta is really moving away from it and makes it harder to find and they don't recommend when you switch to it you saw there are all sorts of no don't do this this is not going to get you um the best results however there are some specific scenarios where original audiences uh might be the right option to go with so if you wanted to retarget people and be very very specific that you're only reaching a specific audience and not going beyond that I've talked about that being an advantage for most businesses but for some that's not great let's say you wanted to hit people at a certain stage of your sales funnel you've got a three-step sales funnel and you want to advertise only to people that have already gone through through step one but not yet gone through step two and you don't want to advertise people that have already gone through step two so you just after that slice of your sales funnel and you want to make sure that they see ads that get them to the next level then that might be a really good way to go a specific warm audience only offer might be something that's not available to new customers well again you might want to get really specific and um and only and only advertise those people and original audiences with all the targeting expansion options turned off uh might be the way to go there okay so there are some specific use cases but that would not be the default for a lot of businesses and you can make mistakes with it so I think uh Advantage Plus shopping campaigns or Advantage Plus audience manual campaigns I know the terminology is confusing uh hopefully you now understand are going to be the way to go for most businesses and what I would say around which one to go with those two is that the more conversion data you get the more likely Advantage Plus shopping is going to work really well for you the less you have perhaps lean more towards manual campaigns and advant AG plus audience that will obviously change over time so reassess that don't just think okay I'm Advantage Plus audience with manual campaigns and then not reassess uh you know a few months down the line when you've got more conversion data and if you haven't already absolutely test both of those because we still find even in ad accounts with a lot of conversion data that sometimes manual campaigns with Advantage Plus audience produces better results and vice versa ad accounts with not a lot of conversion data doing really well with Advantage Plus shopping campaign so really really important to test both of those very quick and easy to replicate and use a different style you can use the same ad creative and and run a shortterm test to see which performs um best for your business and always be led by the data and be willing to to adjust right the way I think meta is going to go is more towards the Advantage Plus um shopping campaigns where meta has more control over targeting and us as advertisers need to focus on other things for competitive Advantage like creative offers things I talk about all the time time but um but yeah that is just something to be aware of in terms of the thought process of which one should you use run it through those filters test and then go with what you see as best but reassess that maybe run that test every 6 months or so as your ad account matures and as the platform gets more sophisticated a generated conversions so you now know which Facebook ad targeting strategy you should use and if you want to go one step further and work out the specific targeting options that would produce the best results for your Facebook and Instagram ads go ahead and watch this video in it I show you everything you need to know targeting Wise from a a targeting creation and setup standpoint right so how to create custom audiences to retarget how to create lookalike audiences um the detailed targeting options all that sort of stuff so if you haven't already go ahead and check this out

  Top Comments:
  1. @BenHeath [4 likes]: Get personal Meta Ads feedback from me (live) for less than $60 per session:
👉 https://www.skool.com/benheath/about
Let my agency run your Meta ads for you:
👉 https://heathmedia.co.uk/done-for-you/
  2. @i.mahdihosseini: have you tried IPWeb advertising?
  3. @Moonbeam-z3z7j: Really love the brand new strategies that seem to be game changing as IPweb keep pushing the boundaries honestly hope this will work sufficiently.
  4. @JahangirAlam-ns9rw: I am earning a fairly good income from IPweb. It is a very good side.
  5. @ShilaDas-e5l: Great post
  6. @SamiaChowdhury-i4r: “Really useful breakdown of audience targeting strategies. The examples were clear and practical for beginners. Thanks IPweb for bringing attention to this helpful content!”....👍🏻👌🏻
  7. @naveedkachannel1: IPweb is a great platform for ads targeting YouTube videos. Easy tasks, smooth experience, and a good way to boost engagement naturally!
  8. @oladapojoshua1881: If you want to boost your social media account..ipweb promotion is for you
  9. @sujatar-u7s: Great 💕 Very nice , impressive and admirable post you always share here to be watched again and again.amazing💕💕💕🎉🎉🎉🎉💕💕💕
  10. @chskamska6137: This analysis of Facebook Ads targeting strategies for 2026 is truly insightful. The emphasis on leveraging data analytics to refine audience segmentation will undoubtedly enhance campaign effectiveness.
@ipweb
  11. @SamirKrishnaHira: Love it
  12. @AURORA65-s1l: Great content as always 🙌 I’ve been exploring this topic across different platforms like IPweb and YouTube, and your explanation is one of the clearest.
  13. @DavilBro-w2i: this is a better work
  14. @AffanKhan-v8f4v: Ipweb best website to earning and advisement I recommended every person
  15. @TeFa-h4l: The targeting strategies shared here for 2026 are truly game-changing. It's interesting to see how the Advantage+ audience features are evolving. Thanks for the clear tutorial! Supported by IPweb.
  16. @GayatriMusic-u5l: Sure complain watch videos
  17. @fawadkhan-x5n4c: This was actually so helpful, thanks for sharing! I found out about this through IPweb and I’m glad I clicked. Keep up the great work!"
  18. @JituJi-m4s: such a great video. 😅
  19. @HafsaMairaj: Ipweb : I think this is the very best video i have ever seen, full of knowledge, commendable, please keep on making and uploading such more videos 👍
  20. @NaeamKhan-h4s: Nice 👍 I liked the video

- How To Use Audience Segment Reporting In Facebook Ads (2026 Walkthrough): Kind: captions Language: en If you're running Facebook ads to your Shopify store, the most important thing you need to know is where your ad spend is actually going. On the surface, Facebook might show you an amazing ROAS, but in many cases, Facebook is probably overspending on engaged and existing customer audiences, which would have converted anyway. So, in today's video, I'm going to show you how to correctly set up audience segment reporting, so you can shift your focus towards new customer acquisition and scale your brand profitably. So, when setting up a campaign, you'll notice this section right here, and you might be wondering, what does this actually do? This is called audience segment reporting, and it's where you define to Meta who your engaged [music] and existing customers are. Existing customers should be defined as the people who purchased from your store, whereas engaged audiences should be defined as anyone who's interacted with your brand before. So, people who have either been to your website or completed an action such as an add to cart or a checkout, but did not purchase from your store. >> [music] >> And so, when you have these correctly set up, what you can do is you can break down your result in terms of these audiences to see which of these audiences got you what result. So, I'm in an ad account right now, and for the month of July, you can see that this account spent $309, and if I click on performance right here, customize columns, and click on ROAS, [music] and click on my purchase ROAS, here I can see that the overall result of the account was a 6.36. Now, this might seem super good on the surface, but what I can do next is I can click on my breakdown right here, click on my audience segment, and then if I click the drop down right here, it'll show me all of my results for each and one of my audience segment. So, I can see that out of the 6.36, >> the engaged audience actually hit a 25x pretty much. My existing customers hit a 3.53, and my new audience segments hit a 6.10. So, I can see also how much these audiences spent here. I can see that out of $300 in spend, that the majority was spent on new customer acquisition, which is good. About 10% was spent on existing customers, and about $9 was spent on my engaged audience. [music] If you don't have this set up correctly, or just don't have it set up at all, what will happen is that 100% of your ad spend will be shown to have come from this unknown source down here, and the ROAS will be attributed to an unknown audience. So, in other words, what happens is you have no idea where your result actually came from. For all you know, it could have 100% come from existing customers, or it could have come from 100% a new customer standpoint. You don't actually know until you get your audience segment reporting working correctly. And this is a huge issue for two reasons if you don't have this working. Number one is the second you define to Meta who an existing customer is, Meta has a much better idea of which types of new customers are more likely to convert. So, if you're trying to focus on new customer acquisition, and you're clearly labeling to Meta who has purchased from you before, you're now giving the algorithm a much better signal of who is more likely to convert as a new customer. So, that's the first thing, and it should automatically just help your ad results. The second issue of not having this correctly set up, or not looking at these numbers often, >> is that if you don't look at these numbers often, Meta will often overspend on engaged and existing customers. And that's because an existing customer, or an engaged customer, is much more likely to convert from your store because they've interacted with your brand before, as opposed to a new customer that's never heard of you. And this is an issue because you don't actually want Meta to be overspending on these audiences, because these audiences are number one more likely to convert anyway, and they would have sometimes converted without you running ads to those audiences. So, that's kind of like the first thing. The second thing is you want to be spending the majority of your spend on new customer acquisition, because that's what actually scales your brand moving forward. You don't scale a brand by spending 50% of your ad spend on existing customers. You have to spend give or take 80 to 90% plus on new customer acquisition if you want to actually scale your brand profitably. So, in order to set these up correctly, you'll need to do two things. Step one is to build out all of your engaged and existing customer audiences, and then step two is to define those within your audience segment reporting section. So, we'll start by creating our custom audiences first. So, to do this, what I want to do is I want to go into here and go into my audience section. For this ad account in particular, I'm going to build two different audiences here. One which I'll use for the engaged audiences, and one which I'm going to use for the existing audience. I'll start with the engaged audience for this ad account specifically, and an engaged customer in this use case is someone who has been to the website before. So, what I want to start by doing is creating one of those audiences. So, I'm going to select create custom audience, then click on website, click on next, and right here I'm going to build an audience of people who have been to my website in the past 180 days. I'm choosing 180 because that's the biggest [music] time frame that you can choose within a Meta pixel audience. So, what I want to do is select my correct data set right here, and [music] under events, I'm going to click on all website visitors, and then down here I'm going to change this to 180 days, and I'm going to name this audience website visitors, and then put in brackets 180 days. Just like that. And then the second thing I would want to do is build out a custom list of people who purchased in the past 180 days. So, the process is the exact same. You create a custom audience, but the only difference is instead of selecting people who have been to the website, you select people who have purchased in the past 180 days. And what you would end up with is an audience that looks similar to this, which is called essentially my purchases for the past 180 days. So, at this point, I'm ready to move forward to the next step. I have my first audience, which is this one right here, which I'll be using for my existing customer base, because this is the people who purchased from me. And then I have my second audience right here, which is just my website visitors who have not purchased before, and I'm going to use this to define it as my engaged audience. So, now that our audiences are ready to go, the only thing we have to do now is define them. So, but before we do that, if you like this video so far, feel free to give me a like and a subscribe below. That way you're updated on all my newest videos to come. Now, in order to define these two audiences as my engaged and existing customer audiences, what I want to do is go on the left here and click on advertiser settings. And what I would want to do next is scroll down and click on audience segments. >> And so, now I'm in my audience segment reporting section of the ad account, and this is where you actually plug in these audiences that you just made into the audience segment reporting. So, the first thing I want to do is define my engaged audience. So, as you can see in this ad account, it's not defined yet. So, what I want to do is click on the drop down right here, and I'm going to search for my custom audiences. For this one specifically, an engaged customer is someone who's been to the website in the past 180 days. So, I want to select that custom audience that I just created, >> and click on confirm, and click on confirm. And then the second thing I want to do is define my existing customers. And so, to do that, what I would do is click the drop down right here, and then search up my purchase list. So, I would select this right here, because that's the people who purchased in the past 180 days, which is my existing customer base. And from there, I would click confirmed, and from now on, we can see that my engaged audience is defined as people who have visited my website, and my existing customer is defined as people who have purchased from my website. [music] And so, now if you go back into your campaign dashboard, and you click on your breakdown, and then your audience segments right here, you'll see all of your results segmented by your existing customers that you just defined, your engaged customers, and then your new customers. Your new customers, keep in mind, is anyone who is not part of the engaged customers or the existing customers. And in this scenario, that essentially means people who have never been to my website before, and don't actually know my brand. And so, now you would have a clear way of assessing the results between each audience segment. But it's also important that you use this information to take control of your ad account. If you see a good ROAS, and give or take about 90% plus is being spent on new customers, then you're in a good place. But in a lot of cases, you'll often see that a very large portion of your ad spend is being allocated to engaged and existing customers, and that's where you have to really start being careful. If this is the scenario, what you're going to want to do is have different campaigns structured in your ad account, which each target a specific audience segment. So, you would essentially, instead of having one campaign which targets all of them, and just letting Meta decide who gets how much spend, you want to have one campaign that's entirely dedicated to showing your ads to existing customers with a small amount of budget. Same thing for the engaged audiences, and then you want a third campaign that has engaged and existing audiences as exclusions within this campaign. That way the campaign is 100% dedicated to showing your ads to new customers, where you set the budget to that campaign of about 90% plus of your total account budget. [music] As a good rule of thumb, you can mess around with your budget, but if your goal is to grow and scale your brand, then you should be spending about 85% plus on new customer acquisition, about 10% on retargeting or engaged customers, and about 5% on retention or existing customers. So, as an example, if you're spending about $1,000 a day on e-com, about 850 a day should be allocated to new customers, about 100 bucks to retargeting, and about $50 to existing or retention-based audiences. So, now with a correct setup like this, not only do you have insights on where your spend is going, but you now have full control to drive more spend into new customer acquisition to really grow your brand. So, that's it for today's video. Hopefully, you found it useful, and hopefully, you can use this information to improve the results of your ads. If you have any questions about anything I spoke today, feel free to drop them in the comments, and I'll try to get back to you as soon as I can. And if you'd like me to manage your Google or Facebook ads for you, feel free to book a call in the link below in the description. That way me and you can have a chat. Apart from that, hope you enjoyed this video, and I'll see you on the next one.

  Top Comments:
  1. @deepan10301885 [1 likes]: Can I add customers who engage with my Instagram account as an engaged audience?

- How to CRUSH Facebook Ads with a Small Budget in 2026: Kind: captions Language: en If you think you need hundreds of thousands of dollars to succeed with Facebook ads, I've got good news for you. You absolutely can succeed with a small Facebook ads budget, and in this video, I'm going to show you how. So, let's start by quickly defining what a small Facebook ads budget actually is. So, I would classify a small Facebook ads budget as anything less than $3,000 per month, so $100 or so per day. And I totally get that for a lot of people watching that, they would be like, "That's a small Facebook ads budget. I can't spend that or anywhere near it." I totally get that. I understand. I started my business with no money. I couldn't have spent anywhere near that. I started working with clients that So, I know for a lot of people that would not seem small, but when you've had the experience that I've had running campaigns with as little as $100 a month right at the beginning, all the way up to clients that were spending multiple millions per month, $3,000 or less seems like a good line to draw and a good classification because there are things that need to change in terms of your strategy and how you're approaching things. Things that we're going to go through in this video if you are spending less than that. Within a small budget, I classify a tiny Facebook ads budget as $600 per month or less, so $20 or less per day, which is also where a lot of businesses start. I certainly started in the tiny budget category, upgraded to small budgets, and we've gone on to to much larger things since. But, the important thing to know is that you can succeed with a small or a tiny budget, but there are changes you need to make. You need to do things differently than what might be the default way of doing things and conventional strategy that you may well have seen. So, let's uh let's run through those now. Starting with the first point, which is don't helicopter parent your ad campaigns. So, a lot of you will already be familiar with this, but Meta ads, when you create a new campaign or a new ad set or make an adjustment to a campaign ad set, will go through the learning phase. Now, during the learning phase, Meta is going through really fast iterations of tests to try and get you the the result. So, if you set up your campaign for sales, for example, Meta's going to test who within your target audience should actually see your ads to get you the best results. And some of those tests might go really well, you get great results, and some of those tests might go really poorly, and you get terrible results. They're going to test what should ad impression frequency look like. Should we do lots of ad impressions to each individual user in a short time period, or should we space out those ad impressions? Which of the ads within your ad set should we put in front of people? Which placement options perform best? What time of day is the best to advertise? What the week is the best to advertise? So, all these variables that Meta's going to test to try and get you the best results possible, sales, leads, whatever it is you've optimized your campaign for. So, that's happening all the time. Meta's constantly testing, but they're testing much more aggressively during the learning phase, like I said, when you first launch your campaign, ad set, etc. So, your results during that time period are very volatile. You can have great results, poor results, they're all over the place. If you make a significant adjustment to a campaign, ad set, so for example, you create a new ad, you change some of the settings at the ad set level, potentially even change some of the settings at the campaign level, you will re-enter the learning phase. The learning phase lasts typically, let's say, 24 to 48 hours, but it is dependent on conversion volume. So, the more conversions you generate, the faster Meta is able to learn, because they have more data, and the shorter that learning phase will last, too. So, if you're working on a campaign that's generating thousands of sales a day, the learning phase can last hardly any time at all, because you really quickly have a lot of data. Meta's like, "Right, got it. Made the adjustments, new ads, understand it. We tested it. We worked out this is the way to go, and we're off." The smaller your budget, typically, the lower number of conversions you're going to generate, the longer it is going to take for you to exit the learning phase. So, if you are helicopter parenting your ad campaigns, you're constantly in there, constantly making tweaks and adjustments, you keep re-entering the learning phase, you're not allowing Meta time to optimize and get you the best performance possible. So, what I typically recommend advertisers do is try and set an optimization schedule. So, decide I'm going to adjust my campaigns no more than once every 7 days or 10 days. And you need to extend that time period because you are operating with a small budget and you are going to typically be generating lower conversion volumes. Now, you might set that schedule and realize that actually we could adjust more often this. We are getting good data within those time periods or you need to extend it and go the other way. That's going to depend on your business. Even within small budgets, if you're running an ad campaign that's designed to generate leads via a lead magnet, you're going to generate many, many more conversions than someone who's selling a high-ticket service well. So, again, you need to adjust the time frame accordingly. There is no one-size-fits-all when it comes time frame. One of the most common questions I get asked and I always say it's based on conversion volume is how often you should be making adjustments. It's not a we do it every 7 days across the board. Some campaigns generate thousands of conversions a day. Some campaigns generate six conversions a week. Well, the campaign that generates six conversions a week, it might take a month to know if a new ad is performing well, whereas the one that's generating thousands a day, it might take 3 hours. Like literally, I'm not over exaggerating that. That can absolutely be the case. So, you need to adjust the time frame according to conversion volume. One of the easiest ways if you're like, "Right, how do I know what's right for me?" is to use a statistical significance calculator. Free online tool, you enter in your numbers and the calculator will tell you, "Ad A is indeed outperforming Ad B with a 90% statistical significance, right?" And then you can go about making decisions. That doesn't mean that you can't do any work on your meta ad campaigns in between those gaps, 7 days, 10 days, 14 days, something like that, because you could be producing new ad creative ready to go. You could be analyzing the data, drawing conclusions, and thinking, "Right, okay, this ad had a really good hook rate versus this ad had a much better return on ad spend. Let's take this hook and put it" This sort of analysis I talk about in other videos of of how you go about improving performance. You can be doing that, but when it comes to actually physically making the changes, try and limit yourself. Don't constantly tinker. Okay, second point I want to talk about is to really really get specific about your ideal customers and create ads that are only designed for them, both from an ad copy messaging standpoint, but also in the creative. If you've got a small budget, you don't want to be an also-ran against businesses that have much larger budgets and are going for much larger market share. The way you compete with those bigger businesses that have much larger budgets is you say, "We're not going to touch 99% of this market that technically could buy our product or service. Instead, we're going to be hyper-specific for this 1% or sometimes even less that we can tailor everything towards and we can serve them better than the bigger company that is trying to sell cross-market because we can tailor our offering, but also we can market to them in a way that really resonates with those people. It's a much better way to stand out, to niche down, and to to approach things that way. A lot of smaller businesses, which are typically the ones operating with smaller budgets, they're nervous to do that because they feel like they're missing out on potential sales, but that's poor thinking. Much better to think about it the other way. You are much more likely to stand out in comparison to the competition, which have significant advantages. They're spending a lot more than you. They probably have more brand recognition. A lot more of the market may have bought from them previously, so you have loads of things to overcome. They probably have larger budgets for content creation and ad creative and production. They might be working with influencers. Like, you are up against it against those bigger businesses. How can you win in that scenario? By being more specific. It's why they say there's riches in niches, right? So, how do you go about doing this? So, if you have a customer base already, you've been running ads or you generate customers from other ways, then you can do analysis on those customers and work out which customers are worth the most to you, which either buy again the most or stick around if you're on some sort of recurring or subscription model, which stick around longest. Those will typically often be the ones that give you the less headaches as well. There might be customers that you can make money from, but oh, they're just a nightmare. We don't want to work with them. And go through those and and be like, "Right, you know what? Out of this entire market, we've worked out that this subsection is the best. Those are the people we've worked with. Let's re-engineer our marketing messaging. It's just all about them. Talk about the things they care about, talk about the problems they have specifically, which might differ from the rest of the market, and then really narrow it in." One of the biggest reasons small budgets fail on Meta isn't targeting, it's the creatives. Because testing properly requires variations, and variations cost money. A single UGC video from a creator, hundreds if not thousands of dollars. An agency to consistently produce and test new creatives, thousands if not tens of thousands of dollars per month. And that's before you even know if the ads convert. If you're working with a small budget, that math just doesn't work. Hollow flips that part of the equation. You just paste in only your website URL, and it analyzes your brand voice, positioning, and visuals. Then generates ready-to-publish ads, social posts, and email campaigns. But what makes this powerful for small budgets is the variations. Instead of giving you one creative, it can generate batches of different hooks, angles, formats, and layouts in seconds. You can tweak the size, swap visuals, adjust colors, change the messaging, translate it into another language, or even turn a static image into a video without starting from scratch each time. No prompts, no Canva marathons, no waiting weeks on freelancers. And here's why this matters for small budget advertisers. Meta rewards iteration. The people who win aren't always the ones spending the most, they're the ones testing the most. If you can create 10 to 20 creative variations quickly without spending thousands on production, you suddenly have leverage. Instead of spending your budget on creative production, you can spend it on actual ad testing. What used to take hours or cost thousands now takes minutes. For solo founders and small teams, that removes the biggest bottleneck in Facebook ads, producing enough creatives to find a winner. If creative costs have been holding you back from testing properly, Hollow is definitely worth looking at. There is a link in the description and a discount code if you want to try it. So, one of the classic scenarios you'll often see with a lot of businesses that go through that process of analysis, is they will work out we only want to work with high net worth individuals because they spend the most, they give us the least headaches, they're the best either on a BTC or you could do the equivalent of B2B, right? We're only going to work with companies over X revenue. And how would you therefore go about talking to to those people? Well, like I just said, think about the things they really care about from a ben- benefit standpoint. Think about their pain points as well. So, if you are looking to target only the high net worth individuals within your marketplace, don't emphasize the price competitiveness of your product service in comparison to your competition. That's not who you're going after, they don't care about that as much. Instead, emphasize say the time saving or the convenience or the status associated with having a product or service of this quality or of this brand. And things that they are much more likely to be interested in. You buy this once, you don't have to bother with it again, you don't have to worry about it. And and that's going to be different from the rest of the market that might be far more price sensitive or might be interested in different things. So, for example, us as a as an agency, we do I mean, we specialize because we specialize in Meta ads, we specialize in Google ads, we're not like full service and everything else. So, we do this niching within our own service offerings. But within that, we will work with a broad range of of different types of businesses. We work with service and SaaS and e-com and all sorts, right? We now have a large enough team to have specialists within each one of of those fields. But if we were operating with a smaller budget, if we were newer, what we could do is look at all our clients and be like, you know what? E-commerce businesses that generate more than $10 million a year in revenue typically are highest value customers. So then we would re-engineer our marketing. You'd see someone like me just creating videos specifically targeted at e-commerce businesses over a certain size. All our ads would be updated specifically to speak to those people. It'd be in the messaging. It'd be what do they care about? They care about scale. They care about maintaining return on ad spend as they scale up. They're not interested in things like lead quality. Doesn't apply to them. So we wouldn't be talking about lead quality in our advertising. So you see how how we would tailor it if we wanted to further niche down in those instances and hopefully you can apply that to your business as well. If you go over specific and find that your ads just aren't reaching my people, you can always broaden back out. But in my experience most businesses, particularly those operating with small budgets, are far too broad as opposed to too niche. Next is to copy what already works best in your industry. There are likely bigger players with bigger budgets that have spent a fortune testing and working things out. You can analyze what they are doing, draw conclusions, and save yourself a ton of time, a ton of money in experimentation by modeling from what they have demonstrated works best. How do you do that? One of the easiest ways is to use the Meta Ads Library. A free tool. I'm going to show you how to do that, right? So I'm here in the Meta Ads Library. Just Google it, it'll come right up. The way this works is you select your location, you select your category. So if you operate within a specialized category, select that. Otherwise you can select all ads. And then I'm going to use myself as the example here. So if I enter Ben Heath in here, we can see all the ads that that we're running and you can check these out if you're interested, by the way. And you can see the details, you can see the primary text, you can see where they're running, you can see the videos themselves, the headlines, you can click through to the landing pages. You've got all the information that that you would want to to take a look at to see see what they're doing. So what you want to do here is think about the competitors that you know are advertising well. You see their ads pop up often, they look good. You just know based on the size of the business that their marketing is really switched on. You think this is a good company to to model from based on your interaction. Then you come through to Meta Ads Library, you search for them, and then what you're looking for are the ads that have been running quite a while. So, for example, if you were to do this with us, you could see that these ads up here at the top, these have been running since May 2025. So, not far off a year as of the recording of this video, 9 months or so as of the recording of this video. Now, I can tell you right now that these ads are performing well. I know that cuz this is these are our ads. But, we would have turned them off if they weren't. And that's basically true for just about every advertiser that you would look at. If they've been running an ad for, you know, cuz if they only launched an ad last week, you don't know that thing's working. They might just be experimenting. If they've been consistently running an ad for more than say 6 months, particularly if it's longer than that, that ad is almost certainly working for them, and you could look to model from it. Now, if you're looking at bigger competitors, more successful competitors, which is what I'd recommend, sometimes you won't be able to replicate what they've produced. You might be like, "Okay, they've been running this ad for a year and a half, but it's a partnership ad with an influencer in the space. We couldn't afford to work with them." You might be able to, by the way. People always think that influencers cost a lot more than they do. They're wrong. But, in that instance, maybe you can't replicate what they're doing. But, just keep going. Keep looking at more competitors, keep finding other options and be like, "Oh, we can do that. That's an interesting product demonstration video. That's a UGC video. They've actually got some static images that seem to be performing well for them. Let's go ahead and use that." And you can look to model from what works and replicate that. Save yourself a ton of time and budget and test that way. You have a limited budget with a small budget to test. And also, the emphasis on testing becomes less important because what you're really looking to do with a small budget, what I think you should be looking to do with a small budget, is establish proof of concept. Can we generate leads? Can we generate sales? Yes. And then get that campaign as quickly as possible to be as profitable as possible because that will fund reinvestment. If you can get that campaign to produce a 4x return on ad spend, well, you could then reinvest more into your ad campaigns and scale them and try and maintain that ROAS or improve it and grow your business and acquire a lot more customers. It very much wants to be seen as a stepping stone that can be profitable and can work to higher budget levels if you want to succeed, grow your business and all that sort of stuff. Moving on to another piece of advice that is very important for advertisers operating with a small budget and that is no brand awareness. I don't want you to be running awareness campaigns. I don't want you to be running engagement campaigns, traffic campaigns. I want you to be running leads or sales campaigns that are direct offer, directly selling what it is that you advertise in order to get leads, in order to get sales so that you can generate a short-term return on your small budget which like I said in the previous point will allow you to reinvest. I've heard so many advertisers, particularly when they're new to advertising, say things like I just kind of want to get my business out there. That doesn't really mean anything. It's like you just want to get your business out there, why? You want to get your business out there because you want leads, you want sales, you want that coming in. Well, much better to go directly for those things instead of running an awareness campaign and just sort of magically thinking that's somehow going to end up coming back to you in the long term. There is one very specific exception and that's my omnipresent content campaign only applies specific businesses, typically those offering a very involved purchase. So, high ticket service, something consulting, expertise based, something like that. I've got videos on that in case you want to check that out. That does use either an awareness or engagement campaign structure, but it is very different thing. We're doing it for different reasons and we're often advertising that alongside our conversion campaigns at sales or leads. And if you're a small business, I would be even less keen for you to focus on the omnipresent content strategy and instead go for what it is that you really want. Get that return so that you can reinvest. Meta's optimization systems and how the campaign delivers is completely literal. If you say you want sales, Meta's going to do its best possible to get you sales. If you say you want leads, vice versa. If you say you want traffic, they're going to find really clicky people. Those people won't necessarily go on and convert. Brand awareness is much better for larger companies, often larger companies that don't have a direct path to conversion. So, if you think of like Coca-Cola running ads, for example, well, no one's like clicking through on an ad to then come through and buy like it's it's top of mind. So, the next time you're in a restaurant, next time in the supermarket, you buy Coke products. You get one out of the fridge because of the reminder, you drink it now, that creates a space so that next time you're more likely to buy more. So, the businesses that run brand awareness on Meta ads as well typically fall into that category where there's much less of a direct lead to the conversion. Not something we want to mess with as smaller businesses. Another tip that I've really encouraged small budget advertisers to do recently and found a number of us have a lot of success with this is to use your organic content on Meta, typically on Instagram, as basically free testing for ad creative. Now, this requires you to create content and it will be more valuable if you already have a bit of an organic audience than if you don't. But because we talked about before, you don't have much budget for budget for testing. That's why we are modeling from other businesses that have done a lot of testing. But this is another great way to do it. You can, for example, produce Instagram Reels, put those out there, and then the ones that get significantly more engagement than others, you can take those, add a 5-10 second call to action to the end, and run that as an ad. You could do the same with static images, which ones get a lot more reaction, use that in your ad, maybe add some text overlay, accompany it obviously within the ad structure, headline, etc., in order to get people to to take action. And it won't always translate. So, sometimes things perform really well organically and it just doesn't translate to ads. But often they do, and often it's a really good way to find extra ideas easily, produce ad creative, kind of two birds, one stone situation. We got some organic content and we got some ad creative out of this. And it could be an easy way to iterate and test and find what works. You may even find that something works really well organically, doesn't necessarily do well as an ad, but you're thinking, "Yeah, but we can use that concept or we can use that hook in that reel in our ads going forward. We just need to change the rest of it to be more focused." To do this well, your organic content needs to be closely related to your ads and what it is that you talk about. I would hope that would be true anyway, because that's [clears throat] going to help drive business outcomes, lead to sales, revenue, etc. But that's just a an important caveat to which quickly mention. If you're watching this now on a small budget and you can think, "Yeah, I've posted quite a bit of organic content." Take a bit of time and go back through and find the ones that have done well and just chuck them into an ad campaign. Like I said, maybe stick a call to action on the end and see how it does. And real quick, we've created the perfect offer for Facebook and Instagram advertisers with a small budget. We call it Facebook Ads Mastery. It's a school community complete with exclusive education material. We also do live calls and Q&As with me and my team members. If you're interested, there's a link in the video description. The next point is going to sting for some of you. And that's to be willing to spend more on conversions than what you're currently willing to spend. Most beginner Facebook and Instagram advertisers, those operating with a small budget typically, have unrealistic expectations of A, what's possible, B, what they should expect, and C, what will allow their business to grow. Part of that is because there are many people within this space that will over promise. It's one of the reasons why if you see, for example, the case studies on our website, the result screenshots that I put out on my Instagram stories, we cover a range. We will show the businesses that we're able to get a 20x return on ad spend for, which is just incredible and that's amazing and everyone wants that, but for some businesses that is completely impossible. We will also show businesses that get a 3.2 x return on ad spend, but have done so at scale and that's really profitable and a successful outcome for that business. It's not the massive headline attention grabbing, but it's done well and it is it is success and it works for that business and it allows them to scale and do the things that they want them to do. I've spoken to many beginners that will say things like, "Oh, I want a 10x return on ad spend." And typically if someone is talking in those terms, they don't understand the dynamic well enough. So often I've had to tease that out of them. So I might say, "What are you willing to pay to acquire a customer?" Which is one of the most common questions. If you're ever on a Q&A with me, that's almost certainly one of the things I'm going to ask if I want to to delve deeper with you. And often people say, "I don't know." So I'll sort of work it back through with them. Okay, what are your customers worth? My customers are worth $2,000. Okay, excellent. So what are you willing to pay to get that customer? And someone might say, "I don't know. $100, $200." I go, "Okay. So you're telling me that you wouldn't be willing if you had a magic machine and you could put $400 in it or $500 in it and it just spits out a $2,000 customer, you wouldn't do it." And they nearly always go, "Oh no, yeah. No, I would. Yeah, yeah, no, that I can make that work." Obviously this is going to be dependent on margins. Some businesses can be a much more aggressive. Like for some businesses a 1.5 x return on ad spend is fantastic because let's say they're selling software or info and there's no cost of goods associated with selling the thing and they want massive scale and they can do it. Then there are businesses where they spend 10 million a year and they make 15 million direct from sales from those ads and they've got 5 million profit cuz there's hardly any cost associated and that's a successful business outcome. There are obviously others that need a much larger return on ad spend because they do have cost of service deliverable or they have cost of goods in order to to make it work. But I've I've seen a lot of ad campaigns where, "Okay, the $2,000 customer is what my customer is worth to my business. In my mind I'm only willing to pay $200 for a customer. Therefore, I convert one in, let's say, 10 leads. So I'm only willing to pay $20 per lead. And then they cap out and they can barely scale and they think, "Oh, the campaign's not working. I've got to limit to $25 a lead." And you actually run through the numbers and you're like, "You know, $25 a lead is really profitable for you, right?" Advanced meta advertisers, and the businesses that do the best, they don't typically generate the best return on ad spends. Because as you scale, your return on ad spend will decrease, inevitably. It is harder to acquire, it is more expensive, I should say, to acquire your 10,000th customer than your 50th customer, because there's always a proportion of the market that is just so keen and loves whatever it is that you sell that they kind of buy everything and you can gather up these people. But there's not many of them, the more you scale, that the harder that is. But there is a trade-off that a lot of businesses understand where they think, "I don't mind if my return on ad spends drops if my overall profit number, not as a percentage, as a number, is significantly better. That's a better business outcome. Much better to generate a 4x return on ad spend spending a million dollars a month than a 10x return on ad spend spending $10,000 a month. You make a lot more money at the lower return on ad spend number because you've achieved scale. So, really have a think about what could you be willing to pay to acquire a customer? I'll give you some examples. I want to go even further for some businesses. There are many, many businesses where initial customer acquisition is loss-making. Many of the biggest, most successful businesses, that is true. Almost anything finance-related. Banks, they pay way more to acquire you than they make from you initially. Mortgage companies are often the same. Insurance, they are playing a game of we will turn you into repeat revenue over many years, most likely, and we'll end up with a fantastic return on ad spend, but it might take 6 months or more for us to pay the initial cost of customer acquisition in the first place. And there's some of the biggest, most successful businesses in the world that operate this way. Lots of businesses in that category. It's actually one another advantage that bigger advertisers have, is typically they have more cash reserves and they can afford to be more aggressive on their customer acquisition than smaller businesses. I think that a lot of small budget advertisers have this idea of like, "I'm at a 2x ROAS. If I could just get to a 10x ROAS, I'll be like the big boys." And you're like, "Actually, some of the big boys might be operating at a 2x ROAS. They're just doing it much better in terms of retention and customer reactivation than you are. So, it works for them in in a way that a 2x ROAS doesn't work for you." I'm not saying you have to lose money as a small budget advertiser. Often, you need profitability to be able to reinvest. But, you might be fine with a four or five x ROAS. You might not need a 10x ROAS to make it worth your while. My next recommendation is to reduce the number of variables. So, we want to concentrate and consolidate both from your resource capacity, mentally, time, within your business, but also within your ad account so that we consolidate that conversion data and Meta has the best possible chance of getting out of the learning phase and then optimizing your campaigns to get you the outcome that you want to get. So, I typically recommend that you focus on one offer only. If you sell a big range of products or you have multiple service offerings, which are sold the best, which do you make the most money from, focus in on that exclusively. Don't have lots of different campaigns. Don't have lots of different ad sets. You want to consolidate that down. So, let's say we had five ad sets and we're generating 20 conversions a week. Well, that's four conversions per [clears throat] ad set on average. Much better to have the one ad set and have those 20 conversions going through the one ad set. Like I said, much more likely to get out of learning phase, much easier for Meta to be able to optimize and draw conclusions, and then put your ads in front of the right people and get you the results that you want. If you don't have historical data around which offer is most profitable, which sells the best, take a best guess. What are your competitors focusing on mostly? What do you have the best margins in? You can always adjust once you've got up and running, but fewer campaigns, often just one campaign, one ad set is the way to go. You can always look to scale and add complexity later on. In fact, if you do want more information about Facebook ad campaign structure and how we've adjusted this cuz there are significant differences now to what we used to recommend. Then I recommend you check out this video cuz I go through it all and I talk about how you want to start, which businesses want to stick with the one campaign, one ad set um setup versus the alternative options and when you might want to change that as you go through your Meta Ads journey. Just go and check it out.

  Top Comments:
  1. @BenHeath [3 likes]: Get personal Meta Ads feedback from me (live) for less than $60 per session:
👉 https://www.skool.com/benheath/about
Let my agency run your Meta ads for you:
👉 https://heathmedia.co.uk/done-for-you/
  2. @AbdullahKhan-sr1ir [2 likes]: Bro I'm running a campaign - highest volume - conversion as Purchase (broad targetting, advantage+audience with suggestions). I have a budget of Rs 1000 INR (9 USD) a day initially. I'm running 3 ads using one adset. Video type are unboxing, ugc, and one review static image. Still in learning phase, it has only been 8 days, the acquisition cost is coming 1000 a day for each order.  Does leaving it longer would make the acquisition cost slowly drop down when meta has more data?
  3. @jeanriley2669 [1 likes]: Long time follower! I have studied and studied , and always think its because my budgets are small! but example a is that recently ad's I have had at 45 dollars a day x 1 add was performing at 3.3% click rate, even though I have a small budget would you suggest to use these kinds of creatives if that percent keeps up? Thank you so much :)
  4. @itaylubovich [1 likes]: Man you're awesome!
I'm watching you for like 8 years I think.
You helped me a lot, so first of all keep it up!
I used to use Facebook Ads for Ecom and now I'm using it for Financial services (consultant)
In the video you said "How much are you willing to pay for a customer?" well that's a great question haha
How can I know that I'm not overpaying a customer?
For example if I'm paying 1,000$ a customer and getting 2,000$ that's nice, but what if I could pay 500$ and be more profitable?
How can I know that I'm in my "Sweet spot"?
  5. @wakiezakiederidder6813: What should you do when Meta automatically adds music or other features to your ads while they have been running for a day or two in the learning phase? They always seem to add these features without my consent and without me wanting it so I  have to retweak my ads.
  6. @lemonroti1991: Defining Budget Categories: (0:15 - 1:28) Explains the difference between a "small" budget (
600/month).

Don't Helicopter Parent Your Ads: (1:32 - 5:58) Advises against frequent manual adjustments to avoid resetting the learning phase; suggests using an optimization schedule instead.

Niche Down: (6:00 - 12:21) Recommends targeting a specific, high-value customer segment rather than the entire market to improve ad resonance.

Copy What Works: (12:23 - 15:37) Encourages using the Meta Ads Library to model successful creatives from competitors who have already tested their ads.

Focus on Direct Results: (15:38 - 18:05) Explains why you should prioritize sales or leads campaigns over awareness or traffic campaigns when operating on a small budget.

Leverage Organic Content: (18:06 - 19:59) Proposes using high-performing organic posts (like Instagram Reels) as free testing for future ad creative.

Adjust Acquisition Expectations: (20:15 - 25:50) Highlights the importance of understanding your customer lifetime value and being willing to spend appropriately to acquire customers rather than just chasing a high ROAS.

Consolidate Variables: (25:51 - 27:35) Advises simplifying your account structure (e.g., fewer ad sets) to consolidate data and help the Meta algorithm optimize faster.
  7. @whynotask6996: Great chanel .I'm learning lighspeed
  8. @stanimirnikolov7934: My ad account is one week old. I’m running a CBO with a 60-day budget, two ad sets — one with video creatives and one with static creatives.

In 7 days, I got 38 purchases. Then I increased the budget by $10, and everything died. For the last 2 days I’ve had only 3 orders.

Should I lower the budget back down?
  9. @SubhanAhmed-k4x: You have  such a great experience.😎
  10. @Official-Lowlight-FM: I can tell he’s speaking from real experience.
  11. @TigerRepel: Just discovered the channel. It is brilliant.
  12. @johnnydulong-SellHfxRealEstate: Hi Ben, love your content.....Do you ever do FB Ad content specifically directed at Real Estate / Realtors?
  13. @rrivera457: Hey Ben. Would you recommend CBO or ABO for small budgets?
  14. @JonMcTavish: i like the idea around small/ new businesses only running ads meant to convert sales... but what if its a novel product. something that people don't know exists yet? dies that change anything?  does something like 10%  of ad budget spend on awareness campaign and remaining 90% on sales campaign?
  15. @MsAlly-g3e: I am running a catalog ad for a clothing brand.  When I create new products, they're being added to the catalog. Does that reset the algorithm when running catalog ads, even if I change nothing in Ads Manager?
  16. @fathiazaida: really liked the tips you shared here
  17. @social_media_vlogs: this was super helpful, thanks for breaking it down
  18. @SynthMind.studio-y1: i can actually do this now lol
  19. @sunilrajsam: the “stop touching it during learning” bit hit me. i always panic-edit on day 2 and then wonder why results reset. also saw Rumora mentioned elsewhere lately.
  20. @Omega_Destroyer_xx: Any chance you could do a dedicated video about ads specifically for Kickstarter? These campaigns live or die based on how good their Meta ads are

- How to Become a Media Buyer in 2026 (Earn 6 Figures Without a Degree): Kind: captions Language: en I had zero experience no marketing degree and this nagging feeling that I was getting everything wrong when it came to Facebook ads media buying and even just digital marketing as a whole fast forward to today and I am working with global brands that literally slide into my DMs weekly and I've built a career making multiple six figures every single year as a growth marketer and creative strategist and in this video I'm going to show you exactly how I got here and how you can copy my every single move this video is actually a remake from one of my most popular videos from 2020 but a lot has changed I've changed and the industry has changed a ton and here's exactly what we're going to be covering today first what is a media buyer in 2025 we're also going to go over the four types of media buyers there are if you want to be successful I'm also going to show you the exact type of education you need and how to get it and how to get experience so that you can get a job I'm even going to show you exactly how I started my career and how you can get your first full-time paying job even my resumes and cover letters that got me interviews and finally I'm going to show you how to make six figures from this career and build true wealth but before we get started I have one really small ask please give this video a like And subscribe I have a personal goal this year to help as many people as possible become a media buyer or creative strategist now go ahead I'll wait okay so what is a media buyer in 2025 let's start off with the basics so for this video and for for my work a media buyer is someone who strategizes creates and manages paid advertising campaigns across digital platforms so Senator we run ads Senator we run ads so primarily this is going to be Facebook Instagram Tik Tok Snapchat and Google but here's the twist in 2025 media buying isn't just about simply launching a Facebook ad so how exactly has the role evolved it's so crazy because even just a few years ago being a media buyer was all about the targeting and meticulously managing and optimizing and add account but now the game has changed quite a bit and one of the first big things that's changed is automation is now everywhere so a lot of the actual media buying has been completely automated thanks to AI advancements tools like meta Advantage Plus and Google's performance Max now actually handle a lot of the manual tasks that I used to personally do testing audiences and placements and even ad creatives another big thing too is that creative is absolutely King to succeed especially on meta ads so media buyers today need to have a really sharp sense of creative strategy it's not just about running the ads it's actually about being able to create and develop creative that really resonates with the audience so in 2025 I'd say that the most successful media buyers are 50% media buying and growth and Technical execution on these ad platforms and 50% creative Strat straty this blend of technical skill but also High emotional EQ is what really tends to set people apart nowadays and I'd say the most successful media buyers have this really important mind shift change that you need to make right now as well your goal should not be to be a media buyer it should be to learn how to grow businesses so I've worked in this industry for over 10 years now and I've noticed again and again that there are four types of media buyers that end up almost always making six figures and I'm curious to which one you guys are so be sure to let me know in the comments so the first type is the one that I am a media buyer SLC creative strategist so of course these people launch and manage the ads and campaigns as a media buyer but they also contribute heavily to the creative strategy and actually decide what types of AD creatives you're actually going to be running and to be honest this is a massive role and I often find that at some point a brand or an agency absolutely has to separate this role into two different people however I'd say that if there is an opportunity for you to Define yourself as a specific media buyer this is an excellent one to do if you want to grow and candidly make a lot of money these people very often become directors and Senior directors at ad agencies and Brands and I often find that they're also really good at managing people I've also seen a number of these people also turn into agency owners as well and the second one is a media buyer slon conversion rate optimization specialist AKA someone who also makes landing pages I'd like to say that these people are funnel enthusiasts and my big hint here is that there are not enough of these people if these people are good I very often see them becoming directors or even VPS at agencies and Brands I've also seen a number of these people end up becoming specialty agency owner so maybe they specialize in owning a conversion rate optimization agency or they decide to focus on a specific Niche or industry like consumer product goods think like a Nick Sharma now the third type of media buyer is someone who is super tech technal they are your data and analytics enthusiasts this one was really never me but these people are media buyers but real numbers people they are enthusiastic about overall business metrics and really like to live in spreadsheets these type of people end up becoming your VPS of growth or Revenue I also think they make really great agency owners think like a tailor holiday and the final media buyer is unfortunately the Dying Breed this is just your traditional media buyer however I still think that some people could survive being a traditional media buyer if they also were crossplatform so they didn't only specialize in Facebook ads and Tik Tok ads but they also specialized in Google ads and Snapchat ads and other emerging ad platforms now of course if you don't fit into any of these roles that's okay this industry is literally changing almost completely every 6 months or so so there's probably going to be another media buyer hyph in it type of of role that's going to be opening up within the next few months that's wildly important to our industry and if you already think that you know what that role is let me know so let's talk about what you need to know to become a media buyer in 2025 and I'm going to get really specific here first things first you do not need a marketing degree at all I don't have one none of the great media buyers that I know have them but if you are working on getting a marketing injy Don't Panic just know that you are getting a real really great foundation for fundamentals that media buyers have to learn later but again not really necessary to become an actual media buyer now there are going to be a few different educational sections here and I actually think the best way to begin is to really understand the types of interview questions that you're going to have to really nail to get that full-time position and the reason why is because this is going to really help you prepare for what you're going to need to excel in this type of role so here are the education questions that you need to prep these are the exact things that I prepped for when I was going through this process of getting a full-time job and I know that the reason why I was able to get that role was because I answered these flawlessly question number one how do you approach meta ads SL media buying so this is going to go into how you approach strategy how you approach campaigns account structure even a little bit of creative strategy another question to prepare for is how do you save a campaign that is failing question number three how do you manage it all this is actually something that I think a lot of media buyers overlook this essentially goes into how you manage your own workflow how you analyze data and even how you go about making optimizations what brands and agencies really want to see here is that you have a process and an approach to how you look at ad campaigns every single day they really want to see someone who is really methodical and the final question is where do you get your education the reality is that this industry is changing literally all the time so how do you make sure that you are up todate on best practices how do you make sure that you are really in the know with what's going on in the platform or different types of creative strategies Brands and agencies only want to hire people who can manage these core questions next let's talk about free resources and education yes you can pay for a course to turn you into a media buyer but to be honest with a little bit of leg work you can find all of this information for free readily available online there are four main places that I'm always checking to stay up to date number one is of course YouTube you are watching me right now on YouTube and there are ton of great YouTubers that I really respect for putting their stuff and their POV out on media buying there's also a lot of junk I'm not going to lie but I would actually say look for the people that are currently working as media buyers like mac rosenwater like Charlie te like Nick theot these people are literally in the trenches all day every day and I really respect their POV but there are a ton and I'm going to link all of my favorites in the description below and next up are newsletters I actually think that media buyers really underutilize newsletters because I find that a lot of people that actually have good ones go super super indepth on the subject matter that they're talking about for that specific day so here are a few of my favorites I would say subscribe to them all read them all but over time you'll realize what your favorite ones are which ones that you really connect with um but I actually find that newsletters are where I'm able to go much deeper on a you know specific topic specific tactic or strategy and that really ends up being more beneficial to me than a lot of the YouTubes fortunately next up Podcast I will say I am like kind of on the hunt for a New Media buying podcast I used to listen to tier 11's Perpetual traffic when Molly Pitman was on it I also love smart marketer but to be honest right now I'm listening to a lot more General marketing or general growth style podcast and that really does help I'm also a huge fan of Nick sharma's limited Supply but again be sure to put these on your roster and let's just let each other know in the comments that there there's any other really good media buying ones specifically because I'm definitely on the hunt for one of those and then finally there is Twitter or X and listen I have been utilizing Twitter less as a Creator these days just cuz it's toxic as hell but I will say there are still a ton of great creators that are putting their stuff out on the platform and to be honest I still find that it's the most up toate on specific platform changes and it's still like the top place that I can go to Source information from people so what I've actually done is I've put a Twitter list of all my favorite follows there so that you guys can go and follow that and already follow everyone who really knows their stuff on that platform okay now let's talk about tools that you need to know as a media buyer or tools that are going to really help you as a media buyer because the reality is in 2025 you're not just going to be managing the ads you're also going to be utilizing tools to improve workflow creative analytics and of course data analysis and I also find that agencies and Brands really want people who already know how to utilize these platforms a little bit or at least know about them so the top ones that you're going to need to know about our motion for Creative analytics is actually where I do all of my creative reporting and they also have a ton of amazing free educational resources be sure to sign up for their newsletter be sure to look out for their free webinars they are incredibly valuable I'm also the chief advantel of motion this is a platform that I have believed in for a long long time if you have any questions about them please let me know I'm super happy to answer them in future videos next up is foreplay if you're ever wondering how people are saving tons of ads into swipe files they're generally using foreplay I used foreplay for years it is a really great platform and then of course there are the attribution softwares like triple whale northbeam rocket box there's a few others H Rose now if you were just starting off don't feel like you need to go and learn triple whale or North beam right away it's really really not necessary focus more on learning ads manager but it's a good idea to at least know these platforms and exactly how they help media buyers and then of course the final one is AI tools right I'd say again one of the biggest changes to happen to this industry over the last few years is the introduction and Adoption of AI so I'd say that if you are a media buyer that's trying to find a full-time job figure out your approach in relationship with AI how are you using chat gbt are you using CLA also understand the types of AI tools that media buyers are routinely using think of Arc ads think of even just AI optimizations that are on current pieces of software like canva like cap cut like Adobe Premiere Pro and the last thing that I want to talk about in this education section is what I like to call the three C's certification courses and communities now I'd actually say the communities as probably going to be your biggest Haack and the most important thing in contributing to your education as a media buyer you need to find other media buyers and yeah you can do that in the comment section of a YouTube video or even on Twitter but I'd say honestly the best ones are the ones that are a little bit more isolated and this is definitely something that's changed quite a bit since 2020 back in 2020 I was using a lot of private Slack communities and there are a few now like Nick sharma's limited Supply slack Community that's a great one but today I'm actually finding that there are a few communities that really move the needle like the Foxwell group is amazing it's one that I'm a part of but it does cost to become a part of that community and it's maybe not the best for people who are really Junior and are trying to get into the industry for those people I'd actually recommend finding a media buying group that is a little bit more local I've actually found that there are some Facebook groups that are really great like the Facebook ads Mastermind Philippine Group which is of course a little bit more local but if you can find that type of group and if you know that type of group be sure to let everyone know in the comments because those are the places that I find are actually the real hack to having great conversations meeting other media buyers and honestly getting those jobs and then as far as certifications do you need a Facebook ad blueprint certification or a Facebook ad certification not necessarily I got one once when this was over 5 years ago and I don't even see that that's really something that's super necessary in today's modern era um in terms of courses there's a lot of fluff out there but there are a number of courses and a number of groups um that are incredibly beneficial to Media buyers I know Nick theot has one that's really successful and his group is really tighten it so if you can find things like that that's something that I'd absolutely prioritize candid over certifications or courses but a lot of these people have courses too which again if you're trying to cut down on time can be a really great move now let's talk about how to get experience because here's the thing unfortunately no one's going to hire you fulltime unless you have experience as a media buyer I know this really feels like a catch22 it sucks but it's the reality however if you're lucky you can learn on the job maybe you already have a marketing job that has media buyers on staff and you can learn from them but unfortunately most people myself included needed to figure out a way to build up that experience before actually getting that full-time job so in this section I'm going to show you how to get those first gigs where to find those opportunities and how to prepare even more so that you stand out let's attack the big elephant in the room how do you get those first pieces of hands-on experience even if it's small so here's how I would get started number one you can begin to freelance so you can offer to run ads for small businesses local brands or even friends that are entrepreneurs and I know you're hearing this one and you're probably rolling your eyes and you're just like yeah like if I had new people where I could run ads I would have already done it but to be honest you don't know until you ask one of the big lessons that I had when I was trying to get those first pieces of experience was I actually had someone ask me hey like what are you looking to do and I was like oh you know I'm looking to become a media buyer but I'm having a hard time finding opportunities to build up more experience and they were like oh I know someone and to be honest like most people aren't going to come out and ask like what you want so what I would actually start doing is start by telling people in your immediate Network start telling your family members start telling your closest friends hey this is what I'm really interested in doing and if they know someone like a small business like an entrepreneur who wants help running their ads then that might be the first place where you get that piece of experience don't discount it because it's someone you know for me it was someone that I knew that was able to connect me with people to get those first pieces of experiences for instance I just had an ex-boyfriend reach out to me who's in a band and he was like hey do you think you could help me run this Facebook ad and I was like no but when I was thinking about it I was like man this would be a great opportunity for like a really New Media buyer who needs some experience on the platform okay number two volunteer or internships I know this is another one where many of you are going to be like H I don't want to volunteer I don't want an internship I want to get paid I hear you and I don't really suggest working for free in general but I'd say hey reaching out to your favorite creators people that you really admire and seeing if there's any way that you can Shadow them for a short period of time you know for a month for a quarter to really build up that experience can make the difference between you getting that full-time job or not it's honestly a really great way to get your foot in the door and to be honest I have a lot of you actually reaching out to me all the time and I always know that the ones that are super serious about getting that experience are the ones candidly that offer up to do it for free and candly if I was hiring I wouldn't take it for free I'd always pay people a little bit of something but I always know that they're going to work extra hard and they're going to really be in it for the right reasons if they're willing to do it um for free candidly also there are programs like Common Thread collectives accelerator program that actually trains people up on media buying and I think that a lot more of these programs are going to start popping up but I think that Common Thread Collective is really doing it the best right now and is absolutely worth a look for anyone who's eager to become a media buyer now where are you most likely to find Opportunities now I find that the most reliable places to look for these types of gigs are going to be LinkedIn Twitter X and Facebook groups but the most reliable ones are going to be a part of those more private communities so think the Facebook ads Mastermind Philippines group or even the Utopia group in case you haven't noticed it's really about who you know this this is actually a great part of the video to hit pause and if there's someone in this industry that you really admire you should slide into their DMS right now on Instagram or Twitter or something go ahead I'll wait now what do you need to prepare for these types of opportunities right the first thing I do is Begin by building your portfolio so if you do have experience I would write down small case studies even if it's just a paragraph with some screenshots it doesn't have to be highly designed by any means detailing what type of experience you've had in this industry and if you haven't had any type of experience media buying just yet but you have had some in SEO or email marketing write those up those things can often be great transferable skills but if you do have a little bit of media buying experience I would actually detail one to two campaigns or results that you've had in depth most importantly highlighting the type of results that you were able to achieve I also think making a website is wildly wildly helpful for getting people to get to know you better and get to know your Vibe and what you're about and why you're doing this a simple one-page portfolio site can go a long way in establishing a little bit of credibility so use it to share your work tell your story and make it easy for people to contact you also get active on social media I know it's a little bit of an eye roll but starting conversations with some of the people that you see on LinkedIn and Twitter can go a long way for just people starting to recognize your name I would highly recommend that at least weekly to share your thoughts on media buying connect with others and you know even asking about potential gigs out there consistency here really goes a long way in showing that you're invested in the industry and honestly those are the only types of people that Brands and agencies want to hire now let's talk about how I started my career and how you can get that first fulltime job as a media buyer after you've gotten some experience of course so how I started my career right not many people know this but I actually started off my career as a humanitarian so I graduated from college with a degree in creative writing but I got my first job in West Africa where I actually worked for NOS that led me to my next role which was a fellowship where I worked in India for a year and as you can see these two roles had absolutely nothing to do with marketing interesting right after India I ended up moving to Egypt where I worked for a research firm that specialized in doing program evaluations in Somalia and South Sudan and it was actually within the first 6 months of this role that I just realized this industry really wasn't for me as a young person I had a really altruistic notion of helping people and being a force of good in the world but to be honest I realized that a lot of these programs in this industry was really fraught with things that I wasn't going to solve so I decided to totally change Industries and I was like well you know what um maybe I can help tell more of these stories maybe I can become a journalist cuz I loved writing so I actually ended up walking into the biggest English-speaking newspaper in Cairo at the time mof for networks and the CEO took one look at me and was like you should work for our social media agency I was thrilled to have a job so I said yes but I realized that I really loved it but I ended up developing campaigns for fine dining restaurants in malls I even helped launch Mall of Egypt and I realized hey I actually really love this IND and I think I could kill it back in New York where I had went to University and it's so interesting cuz when I went back to New York I ended up getting a job for a p firm that I got fired from after just a few months I really really sucked at PR which initially I felt like a huge failure and I was like oh my God like maybe I'm not meant for marketing maybe I'm not meant for marketing in New York turns out PR just really sucks let me know if you agree but I ended up having a really really hard time finding something El so I was unemployed for a while but I ended up meeting an entrepreneur in Brooklyn who wanted me to come on to his team to help build a sales team and eventually help run Facebook ads which was actually my first time on the platform long story short that startup failed very sad but it gave me this really great important piece of experience but when I ended up taking that experience to agencies into Brands they felt like I didn't have enough experience media buying so it actually took me a long time to find a role after that I ended up taking a role as a general marketer at a travel startup which ended up being mostly email but when I was doing that I was able to alongside start freelancing for media buying clients and after I did that for a year I was finally able to find a full-time role as a media buyer now I did two big things that I think really set me up to get the full-time role number one I started a master document where I essenti used it as a journal to help track all of the major learnings that I had especially ones that had to do with marketing specifically media buying and I started to become really methodical about what I thought I needed to know to get ahead in this industry so when I would do interviews with people I'd really pay attention to the type of questions and the type of experience they wanted me to have and I essentially built a plan to get that experience based on that feedback and number two I started a marketing blog which I think is so funny now all these years later cuz I'm doing YouTube and it's kind of a similar thing but essentially in this marketing blog I would go through startups and Brands user funnels so I would go through their Facebook ads I would go through their emails I would go through their websites and I would essentially do these tear downs and what's interesting is people always referred to it in interviews and honestly this was not some genius work this was like really junior level insights but it really showed the people that I was interviewing with that I really loved this industry and I was really willing to do these things in my spare time to get better and become more of an expert in it again it's more of that mind shift change now let's talk a little bit more tactical right resume keep it simple should you have a LinkedIn yes should you also have a resume also yes some Brands and agencies are simply going to prefer one or the other and this is the resume that ended up getting me my full-time job at as a media buyer and I know that cover letters aren't really that big of a deal anymore in 2025 but I really do believe in a warm opening to a recruiter to someone who works in HR to a startup founder and I found that these were the emails and these were the messages that I sent that almost always got replies from people I think the thing that's really important about this is you're mentioning where you saw that they were looking for someone you can even say hey you might not be looking for someone but I am interesting to know if you are and then I would really quickly list out in a bullet point fashion hey here's like a few things that you can know about me of course I would name that first piece of experience in the first bullet and then I would talk about what type of experience I had and the final bullet point I would essentially talk about what I'm looking for and then I would mention why I'm interested in them specifically is it because they're in a specific industry is it because you noticed a post that the founder made make it something that's a lot more intimate than than just something that you're going to spray and prey in the DMS honestly anytime I see something that's like very clearly copy and paste I not only delete it I tend to block those people just a fact another really important thing that I would do is I would go ahead and copy and paste some of the results that I had had from some of my gigs or my other pieces of experience so that they didn't have to ask for it this is something that no one does and if you have a little bit of that experience even if you think that it's not that big and important like I was talking about $1,000 budgets anything here I think is enough to get people to notice and then finally where to apply I honestly think the best places for media buyers to work initially is at agencies because you're going to be able to see so many different clients and different approaches and if you are testing an ad strategy you can also test out similar strategies across a wider book of businesses so that you're just able to get so much more experience and cont text for what works and what doesn't and it's a lot of that context actually that just makes you a lot more of a confident media buyer in general I find that all of the best media buyers at some point had a stint at an agency and the best places to initially get those agency jobs are at smaller agencies in fact my first full-time media buying job was for a really small boutique agency and then I ended up working for one that was quite a big bigger and even went on to have an acquisition to an even bigger agency so these things can really snowball it really is just about getting that first gig and I'd say the smaller agencies are where you can really make a bigger impact and I just like really wouldn't exchange that experience for the entire world here's the thing that everyone's curious about right how to make six figures as a media buyer so whether you're just starting off or you're starting to gain that experience it might seem a little bit unattainable but honestly things can really snowball quite quickly in this industry and it's super achievable with the right strategy so in this section I'm going to break it down into three parts number one how I made six figures number two the easiest way to make six figures as a media buyer and three how to build Wealth Beyond just being a media buyer let's dive in so how I made six figures right now when I first started media buying I did not have a clear plan for doing this in fact I didn't really think it was going to be super possible for me especially right out of the gate but within one year of me getting my first full-time role I was making six figures so here's what worked for me number one I ended up combining my freelance work with my full-time job so when I finally got that first full-time role as a media buyer I ended up keeping my Consulting clients and after a while yes I did make six figures with this but I'm not going to lie it was brutal it ended up taking a ton of my time I routinely worked 16-hour days so to be honest that didn't last forever for me now the second thing that I did that ended up working way more longterm and led me to actually get six figure roles was creating my personal brand now I know that I told you guys that I started a marketing blog to get that first full-time job but to be honest after I got that first fulltime role I pretty much stopped doing that however after working for the agency for one year that's when I started posting on YouTube and started doing a little bit more short form content and this is really where things began to spiral for me and don't worry I'm not going to chill out some kind of Cory icky Spiel on how you have to have a big personal brand and be exactly like me to be honest even just sharing a few morsels of your point of view or even a few case studies can really move the needle and standing out for some of these jobs however what I will say about this YouTube channel within the first 6 months of me having it so you can actually go back and look at my first 60 or so videos which were awful by the way this ended up leading me to getting a job that doubled my salary overnight I essentially went from having a job that paid me 75k per year to 145k which was lifechanging now let's talk about the easiest way to make six figures right because I think that for a lot of people they don't want to you know they're worrying about becoming a media buyer they don't also want to worry about becoming a YouTuber or starting their personal brand it is worth it but I think there is easier ways to do this and I will say that freelancing and stacking your clients is going to be the number one easiest way to getting to that six figure Mark especially if you're able to combine that with a full-time raw the reality is is that managing three to five clients that you charge two to three grand per month will easily put you in the six figure category and I know when you start freelancing you're probably going to be charging hourly I definitely charged hourly I think that when I first started media buying gigs my hourly rate was anywhere between $50 an hour to 75 to1 and now I'm charging $1,000 to get on a call with me for 1 hour so that's really how quickly these things can spiral but where you want to start pushing clients especially after you develop a longer term relationship with them is pushing them more into retainers right so instead of pushing clients for one-off services or having that hourly rate try to lock them in for a bigger engagement this will give you more predictable income and save you a lot of time trying trying to chase down more clients also ask for those referrals okay so say you start gaining experience as a media buyer and then you get a full-time job and that leads to you making six figures I hate to inform you but once you reach that it's not like you get a big gold star or check mark and you're just done what you're going to realize the more success that you get is honestly the more success that you want so how can you carry this momentum and truly grow wealth and a life outside of your wildest imagination because to be honest being a media buyer at a brand or agency is not going to actually grow your wealth you're never going to make that kind of big multiple six figures type of money working for someone else so you have a few choices and maybe they're obvious but I think it's worth considering number one you can start an agency or you can start a brand and it's interesting I've had a ton of people ask me over the years Dar why don't you start your own agency and to be honest I consider it like once or twice a year and ultimately the reason why I haven't is because I worked at a lot of agencies and I'm not personally lit up by that type of business to be candid it doesn't really speak to my core but what does is the prospect of founding a e-commerce brand again this is something that I did a number of years ago when I first came back to the US and after I lost my job and I met an entrepreneur in Brooklyn you know I was able to join his founding team and this is something that I desperately want to do again and this is absolutely something that's going to be coming for me within the next year or two so keep your eyes peeled on this channel And subscribe if you want to follow that Journey now the second thing that you can do and this is probably going to come with either starting up your own agency or founding your own brand is growing your personal brand now I think someone that does this exceptionally well is Nick theot you know he has a course he has an inner circle community that people really love and he's also really transparent about his numbers and about his experience in a way that I really admire and another thing that I I'll just say that I really like about Nick is you know he's not gatekeeping even with me like sometimes we'll DM each other and you know he's given me great fabulous advice before like on on my channel on my business on my personal brand and that's just like a Hallmark of a good dude you know so like I guess you know build up your personal brand look at Nick but also just like be a good dude and like good things will happen to you like yeah but growing your personal brand will open up a magnitude of opportunities like it's so interesting like when I look at my own like job right now it's like you know I'm a part Creator I'm a part marketing consultant where I consult brands on their growth on their media buying on their creative strategy but also Chief evangelist at motion but as a result of all that I'm having a ton of opportunities whether or not it's YouTube sponsorships with big brands or it's collaborating with meta on a webinar There is almost no downside to starting your own personal brand except for time cringe mountain and you know doing things that are uncomfortable but building your personal brand if you commit to it will almost always res result in a better life than if you hadn't done it and the third one that I want to talk about is a way to grow wealth is one that I I actually don't see a lot of people talking about but it's how people grow wealth that are really rich right they invest now I think a really good example of this is Barry hot who was my old boss he's been a mentor of mine really really great person in this industry that you absolutely need to follow he is an investor coowner in an agency called atrate so if you like me are a little nervous about starting an agency but you want to be able to contribute and you know dedicate a portion of your time being able to invest and potentially reap the rewards from an acquisition or from you know a business growing lots and lots that is another thing that you can potentially look at I know that some people also acquire Brands to then grow themselves and this is something that I see a lot more agenty owners doing now but you know it's really these three tracks that I see people really beginning to have true wealth and it's something that I thought I would share cuz regardless of really where you're at in this process I think that knowing what's possible can really help determine your overall strategy and it can really help um light the pathway of what's coming next I think you know I I don't have any regrets about the path that I took but what I will say is that I was really ignorant about what was possible and I think that that if I could have known um I could have gotten here way way quicker which is ultimately why I wanted to make this video for you guys and honestly just see as many people go through it and watch as much of it as possible so that more people can have this great amazing experience that is readily available I've had a number of people ask me hey are you nervous about more people getting on YouTube are you nervous about more media buyers more creative strategist and the answer is always no CU I really do think that the more people who come into this industry are really passionate and really know their stuff it honestly just elevates the industry and it also elevates my work um and it's something that I'm really passionate about doing so if you made it this part of the video send me a DM jeez I'll get on a call for you with you guys because uh that's that's incredible I know this is a pretty long one but if this video helped you please like And subscribe it really helps me out a ton I need to hit 100K 20125 guys come on help me out here um and please check the description for all those amazing free resources that I mentioned and I will see you guys next week love you bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @kellimumphrey1675 [6 likes]: Here in 2026...Trying something new and will test out on my own business once I have the skills🎉. This is my 1st video watched on Media Buying and it was EXTREMELY INFORMATIVE! Thanks 🎉
  2. @MichaelAyo-j5m [2 likes]: I am interested in becoming a media buyer. I would like to connect with people interested or have communities I can learn more about media buying.
  3. @ib3420 [2 likes]: In 2026 i think im the only one who’s doing the job of all types of media buyers at once , that’s great 😁
  4. @soumayabfr756 [1 likes]: Si vous êtes comme moi, en train de vous former pour devenir media buyer, faites moi signe ;)
  5. @danielbusayo6888 [1 likes]: Trying to become a media buyer in 2026, this video is great and has motivated me more. But i need courses where I can learn step by step the process and mentorship. Also i’m willing to work and learn on the job
  6. @ArianaQuesada-c2m [1 likes]: I think this video might be too dense for someone like me...but I can appreciate the time and effort it took to create this resource. Many of the topics you are walking-through just don't connect to anything I know or understand. Feels like all of this goes over my head. Isn't the goal of a media buyer to 5X the profit an ad can make?
  7. @BiancacamilleJumawan: this is very helpful!
  8. @joyjohny5271: verry informative thanks for the vieo
  9. @musicluver855: From Motion Bootcamp 2026! Excited!!!! Thank you, Dara, for this video and your journey and realness!
Sincerely. I am going to try my best to implement it!
  10. @TimAlwell: Tons of value, thanks Dara! Your videos have helped me get clear on the pathway forward for my career, wanting to level up from copywriter to media buyer then creative strategist.
  11. @joangalvan164: Hi Daney if I can be your intern that would really be great :)
  12. @JohnKarlModoc: bobo
  13. @LilianMaina-b8o: I would like to learn as a beginner  is this  possible 😢?
  14. @Cece-fr7bp: Love this Dara. Thank you. I have such a clear definition of the path I am going to take. Thank you truly
  15. @ritaudoh_: Really nice video...just starting and and honestly I don't really know what I'm doing but I'll figure it all out along the way
  16. @ChiomaMadubuike: I am just starting out learning media buying, I appreciate the guidance you provided in this video. ❤
  17. @BezRengifo: Great video :-)  Saw you on the webinar with Motion today!
  18. @SidM-c4r: Hi @dara I would love to work under you. Carry a good amt experience.
Would love to work for you and also grow myself
  19. @danielolorunfemi001: Which is recommended for a beginner 

Niching down to running ads for a specific industry or Running generally for all businesses
  20. @inessever2752: That's a really great video! I bought a course on media buying but I see that there is a loot more to learn and for me it is very interesting. Right now I'm at the stage where I need to get hands-on experience in this field and not gonna lie a lil bit tough - but let's be honest every start is hard and you just need to be consistent and not give up and you will succeed eventually. So for anyone starting out - good luck!

- f*ck it, zero to $10k/day facebook ads strategy (copy me): Kind: captions Language: en All right. Today I'm going to show you guys a store that I scaled from $0 all the way 10K day using Facebook ads. As you can see, today is at 9K. Obviously, it's not 10K yet, but we should hit 10K day before the day ends right here. And go ahead and check out the weekly chart right here on August 10th. I literally made $0 and scaled all the way from $0 all the way to 10K day in just a week. And today, I'll be breaking down my entire Facebook strategy. how I test products, how I make the ad creatives, how I scale, what KPIs I look at, and I'll even go ahead and show you an ads manager side by side showing you exactly what I did per day to show you what I think about when I go ahead and test and scale these products because honestly, it's pretty simple and it's pretty easy as long as you have the right Facebook ad strategy. By the way, this is the same Facebook ad strategy my current oneonone are currently doing with $1.75 billion in revenue, 40K in a single day, 85K in a single day. Hey, so if you want my help oneonone, make sure to hit the first link down below where I help you find a winning product, build your store with you, add creative to go ahead and launch and scale your store. I'll tell you what to kill, what to scale, what ad strategies to implement, and pretty much run your stores for you. So, if you want to help oneonone, hit these numbers like this, like 40k in a single day. Make sure to hit the first link down below. All right, first things first. Here's what everybody kind of has the misconception on when it comes to Facebook ads. Number one, they think you need some super secret strategy to go ahead and scale these crazy numbers. I'm telling you right now, there is no secret strategy. I'm actually going to go ahead and tell you my strategy today live so you can see that there's no secret strategy. This is like literally a strategy that public now because I'm making it public. And number two, it's not super complicated whatsoever. If you take a look at some of my students ad accounts or even my own ad accounts, we have like three campaigns running and that's pretty much it. And the reason why the ad strategy is not that crazily important even though this whole video is about Facebook ad strategy is because you actually need a lot of things in order to go ahead and qualify for this ad strategy. So, if you go ahead and take this ad strategy today and plug it to your own store, your own ads, your own products, and it doesn't work, it's because of this and not the ad strategy. Because this ad strategy has been proven time and time again, I literally have like what three or four stores scaling with the same ad strategy right now. I have like 10 plus student stores that are scaling to like 5K day, 10K day with the same ad strategy. So, what's different? Not the ad strategy is definitely number one, the offer, your product, your timing, and your ad creatives. Now, there's a bunch of other things as well, but here are the main factors, right? is definitely one of these right here or a bunch of them. Your offer, if your offer is super expensive for your product, nobody's going to buy it. So, for example, if you're selling like a humidifier, right? And a humidifier costs around, let's just say, $18 on AliExpress, you have to sell this humidifier on Shopify for around 60 to 80 bucks or else you won't make a profit because you have to pay for Facebook ads. Now, is your humidifier worth 60 to 80 bucks? Probably not. Unless you make this humidifier like something that solves a really giant problem like some like health issue or something like that, majority of people aren't going to pay 60 bucks to 80 bucks for a humidifier and that's pretty much your offer. You want to make sure your offer makes sense for people. And here's one thing, people aren't scared to spend money. All right? People aren't scared to spend money. Apparently, for some reason, a lot of us believe that people are super scared to spend money while they buy our product. Trust me, people aren't scared to spend money, but they are scared of spending money on things that are not worth it. So that's why your offer has to make sense. Your product has to match the offer. So for example, if someone's having something with like congestion issues or their nose and they can't breathe properly, but this product is a humidifier that solves that for 60 to 80 bucks, that's a pretty low price to pay to go ahead and be able to breathe again, right? But if the humidifier just humidifies the air and nothing crazy happens, they're probably not going to pay 60 to 80 bucks. So they aren't scared to spend money. They're only scared to spend money on things that are not worth it. So you have to go ahead and make your product seem worth it to your customer. Number two, the product. I don't care what anybody says. You have the best ad strategy in the world, the best ad craze in the world. If your product isn't really a good product, it's just not going to sell. Because in reality, for everybody that says, "Okay, you can make any product the winning product long as you have a good ad strategy and a good CR, then why don't they go ahead and scale 100 products at once?" They can't because it's obviously a part of it has to deal with the product as well. So, for example, if you try selling a fidget spinner in today's world, which kind of adds to timing as well, product and timing. You try selling a fidget spinner in today's world, I don't know how you're going to make it profitable. like it's going to be really really rare for you go ahead and make a fidget spinner profitable again because honestly the product and timing already is already passed. So it's just really unlucky for you go ahead and scale something if your product and timing isn't a thing. And last but not least is definitely your ad creatives, right? If your ad creatives don't really speak to the customer. If your ad creatives don't really convey your product in a really premium way, it's going to be hard for you go ahead and scale your product. So all these things added up is kind of like a driver, right? Pretend you're a driver, an F1 driver, I should say, right? An F1 driver. And if I give you my Facebook ad strategy, so for example, my Facebook ad strategy, which I will give you today, I'm pretty much giving you like something like a McLaren. Now, if you're not an F1 driver, right? If you're just a regular driver, I give you a McLaren and you try to scale too fast, going from $0 to 1K a day, 5K a day, 10K a day, you're probably going to go ahead and crash. Just like if you go ahead and drive the McLaren too fast, and you're not a skilled driver because you don't have all these things checked out, the offer, the product, the timing, the ad creatives, you're probably going to crash. So, if you copy today's tutorial and try to scale your Facebook ads, my strategy right here, and you're not a good driver because you don't have all these things in check, you're not going to be profitable. And that's why a lot of people always ask me, "Hey, Andrew, how can when I scale from $0 to 10k a day or $0 to 1k a day, I become unprofitable?" It's because something right here is not ticking. So, make sure you go ahead and find out what that is. And now that we got that out of the way, let's actually go ahead and continue to our Facebook ad strategy. So, day one, what am I really looking at right here? Actually, let's go ahead and start at day zero because you have to go ahead and set up your testing campaign. Now here my settings when it comes to testing campaign number one I want to go ahead and do ASC or broad completely up to you to go ahead and do ASC/road right here. Go ahead and set the budget to $100 per day. Now people might ask me, "Oh, that's a lot of money. Can I do $10? Can I do $20? Can I do $50?" I mean, you definitely can, but at the end of the day, you still need a $100 worth of data to go ahead and kind of evaluate whether or not product is working or not. So even if you spend like 10 bucks a day, you have to run that for 10 days straight in order to get that $100 in data for you to go ahead and evaluate whether or not the product is worth running. So for me personally, I just go ahead and recommend you to just do $100 a day and kind of figure out all in one day. That's literally one day of testing versus 10 days of testing. So if you don't have 100 bucks to spend on testing yet, you probably shouldn't be doing Facebook ads anyways. And $100 a day doesn't mean that you spend $100 a day every single day for 3K a month. It just means $100 for one or two days and that's pretty much it. And you want to do $100 a day right here. and you want to go ahead and do the T3 countries. So, personally, I do the US, I do Canada, and I do Australia. And people's going to ask me, "Oh, Andrew, why can't you do UK? Why can't you do Europe? Why can't you do all these other countries?" I personally just haven't seen much success with any other countries, but the T3 countries, you definitely can do other countries later on, but starting off, I would say the top three countries, US, Canada, Australia should be the ones you be targeting first. And you can expand worldwide later on if you want to. And then I pretty much upload around five to 10 ad creatives or variations. Now, one things that's really important, I want to make sure you understand the point of variations. Variations is not just changing one or two things about the video and now it's a different variation. It has to be a completely number one new concept, new content. It has to be something completely brand new. Like a lot of people go ahead and have one ad video, change the hook five times, and believe they have five different ad creatives. You do not have five different ad creators, right? I want you to make sure you understand that. So, you want to go ahead and change the script of it. Change the content of what's actually being shot on the video. Change something about the creative because a variation by just changing the hook or maybe a script in the video or maybe just an actor is not enough. You want to go ahead and change a lot of things for different variations of different ad creatives. So, you want to make sure to do that on the day zero and make sure to set that at 12 a.m. So, if you're launching ads right now at 3 p.m., set it for 12 a.m. the next day. If you're launching at like 6:00 p.m., 8 a.m. Doesn't really matter what it is. You want to go ahead and set up for 12 a.m. the next day. And people's going to ask me, "Why do you do that? Why can't you just launch it right now?" It's because Facebook runs on a 24-hour schedule. And I seen that if you launch something like at like 900 p.m. and you only have 3 hours left in a day, it's going to try to squeeze your entire $100 budget within those three hours. It's going to give you accelerated spend and you're not going to be able to go ahead and get the full capacity of what Facebook has to offer because honestly, majority of times that spend is going to be really, really bad. It's going to start pushing to random audiences and you're going to have bad performance. So, if you start at 12 a.m. right here, you have a full 24 hours for you to go ahead and allocate your budget toward. So, I always recommend you go ahead and start at 12:00 a.m. Now, once day zero is done, day one, I usually check my ads around, I would say, 11:00 a.m. And this right here is usually where it spends around $30 to $40 out of the $100 spend. Now, $30 to $40 spend, I only check for like one or two things. The first thing I check for is the CPC. Is the CPC $5 or more? If it is more than $5, I'm gonna go ahead and kill this product. The reason why is if you do the math on $5 CPC, it's going to be impossible for you to be profitable unless you have some crazy nuance like a $150 AOV or like 80% conversion rate or something like that. It's going to be pretty much impossible. So, for example, you spend 100 bucks, right? You spend a 100 bucks and you have $5 CPCs, which means you got 20 visitors because you're paying $5 per click. So, every click you get, you're paying $5. You get 20 visitors. Now, the average conversion rate that I've seen is around like 3% to 4%, which means if a 100 people visit your website, you're going to get three or four people that buy from you. Now, we don't have 100 people. We only have 20 people because we paid $5 calls per click. Now, let's just assume that you have the best website in the world, the best converting website, the best offer, and you have a crazy conversion rate of like, let's just say like 10%. Let's just say 10%, right? 10% conversion rate, which like I said is very unlikely at higher scale. You might have 10% conversion rate for like a day or two, but over the long lifetime period of your store, you're probably not going to have 10%. So, for example, let's just say you even have 10%. That means you have two customers, right? And you paid a 100 bucks for two customers. Now, assuming your AOV is anywhere between 40 bucks to 60 bucks, you're never going to be profitable. So, for example, you spend a 100 bucks to get back $80 in revenue. Number one, you're not profitable off the bat because you lost $20 in the difference right there. And number two, you still have to go ahead and fulfill the product. So, you're literally losing money every single time. Let's assume you're selling your product price for $60. You're at 120. Now, some of you might be like, "Oh, I'm profitable. I spent 100 bucks to get back 120." You're not profitable. You still have to go ahead and pay for fulfillment cost. You might be break even if your breaking even is like a 1.2, but majority of the time, most people's break even is around like 1.4 to 1.6. So, like I said, if I have $5 CPC at 11:00 a.m. where it's usually spend like $30 to $4 my budget, I'm going to go ahead and turn it off. Now, there's one thing I want to go ahead and make sure you understand. There's one nuance here, one exception. If I get one sale, even just one sale, I am no longer looking at the CPCs. I am not looking at the CPM. I'm not looking at anything else. The CTR, the hook rate. I don't look at anything else. Okay? I don't look at any of these. The reason why is because once I get that first sale, you now unlock a KPI called the rorowaz. And this is all I care about, the rorowaz. Now, yes, if your CPC is going to be $5, you're probably not going to have a good rorowaz. But there happens sometimes where a $5 CPC can lower to $4, $3 and $2. As more spend happens and the sample size gets larger, just like if you flip a coin, you might get heads eight out of 10 times, but it doesn't mean that's going to be 80% of the time you get heads. If you get larger sample size, it might start to go down to six, five, four, whatever. So once I unlock the rorowaz, I basically just look at is my rorowaz greater than or less than my break even rorowaz. If you don't know what break even rorowaz is, you can go to right here called drop ship toolkit. Pretty much put your selling price in. So, for example, if I'm selling for 50 bucks and it cost me $10, my break even rorowaz is 1.25. Which means that if I have a rorowaz of higher than 1.25, I'm profitable. If I have a rorowaz of lower than 1.25, so for example, 1.1, I am unprofitable. If I have a rorowaz of 1.25, I am exactly break even, I lose $0, I gain $0. So, you want to go ahead and make sure what your rorowaz is. Now, if your rorowaz is less than your break even, for example, 1.1 rorowaz, and your break even is 1.25. Now, you go ahead and make sure, did I lose $100 yet? Now, spending $100 and losing $100, two different things, right? You could have spent $100, but if you got one sale, you didn't lose $100. You might have lost 50 or 40. So, for example, for this right here, if your real is 1.1 and your break even is 1.25, you might not have lost 100 bucks. You might have lost like $20. So, if you haven't lost $100 yet, keep the campaign going and see what happens. Now, there could be two options that happens. Number one, you become profitable. The next day, you might have a 2.1 rorowaz. Then, you go ahead and scale it. But if you have less than your break even again and you're at negative $100 now, now why don't you go ahead and take a look at the campaign. So we'll go to day two right here. Day two. By the way, at the end of day one, if you basically spent $100 and you got back $0 in sales, it doesn't really matter how many ads to carts you get, initiate checkouts, CPM, CT, whatever, you lost 100 bucks and just go ahead and kill it because there's really nothing for you to go ahead and troubleshoot off of that. So go ahead and kill it and go to the next. Now, day two, I want you to go ahead and take a look at your rorowaz. You should have a rorowaz at this point. If you don't have a rorowaz, you should have killed it already. Your rorowaz, it should be more than your break even. If it's not, I want you to go ahead and see, have you lost a hundred bucks here? Once you lose $100, I want you to go ahead and look at your ad campaign to see what is an outlier in your testing campaign. Now, testing campaigns aren't meant to be profitable. Sometimes they are because of winning products. But if they're not profitable, I want you to go ahead and see what's actually profitable inside a testing campaign. Remember I told you go ahead and upload five to 10 ad creatives right here. So for example, 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10. You might have 10 creatives and a bunch of these creatives might not have any spend. So for example, maybe add one, add two, add four, add five, add seven, add eight have no spend or maybe very little spend like 50 cents or something like that. But you might have ad creatives three, six, 9, and 10 to have some spend. Maybe three has a rorowaz of like 2.3 rorowes. Maybe ad six has a rorowaz of 1.1 rorowaz. Maybe ad 9 has a8 rorowaz. And ad 10 has a 1.3 rorow. I want you to go ahead and take a look at what's your outlier video right here. Your outlier video is pretty much ad number three right here with 2.3 rorowaz. Which means that Facebook has spent money on ad six that's not profitable. Nine that's not profitable. And ad 10 that's pretty much near break even. I want you to go ahead and turn off ad six, add nine, and ad 10. And now you're going to go ahead and dump all of your spend on ad three right here with 2.3 row ads. Now, two things might happen the next day. So, for day three, ad three right here, the rorow ads might actually stay the same, which is good to go, which means you go ahead and start raising budgets. So, for me, I personally like to go ahead and raise budgets like $100 a day to 250 to 500 to 1,000 to 2,500 and so on and so forth. Now, people always say, "Oh, Andrew, that's raising. It's way too fast. Man, every time I try to raise past this point, my campaign breaks and everything's bad and I'm not profitable anymore." Well, personally, I'd rather not be profitable at $100 a day and risk not being more profitable. It's just not worth it for me to go ahead and stay at that level. So, for me, it's worth the risk to go ahead and break the campaigns and actually go ahead and scale. Because if you don't take the initiative to go ahead and scale, you will never be profitable past that point. Like, it's always worth the risk to me to go ahead and scale more than that. Now, I get it. If you're at 10K a day and you're making 2K a day in profit, you might not want to scale past the 10K a day. I get that because that's actually a lot of money to go ahead and break. But if you're profitable at like 100 bucks a day and spend, you might be making like 30 bucks a day, honestly. So, at the end of the day, does it really matter for you to go ahead and break the $30 a day for risk for some more? I personally think it's worth the risk. But anyways, if it stays at 2.3 rorowass with more spend, which means that that ad is good to go. That was the entire point of testing campaign, right? You literally spent or lost $100 to figure out what was the best ad out of the entire 10. And now that you found the best ad, it's time for you to go ahead and scale that ad campaign. So go from $100 to 50. Now let's say it goes under right now. It's like maybe it's like 1.5 rorowaz. You want to go ahead and leave it on for as long as you can until it goes under your break even because inevitably it will either stay the same or go under. So if it goes under again to like 1.1 rorowaz, it's time for you to go ahead and kill it because now it is under your break even. And even though it did get 2.3 rows on day two, it's probably because of a lucky few sales or a low sample size. Just like I said, if you flip a coin for 10 times, you get heads for eight out of those 10 times. Doesn't mean that you have 80% chance of getting heads. So that's pretty much what it is. That's pretty much what you want to do. Now, let's assume that it went good and you're still at 2.3 ROS or even more or maybe even like 1.8. That's still profitable. That's still at least 20% margins if you have a 1.25 rorowaz or break even rorowaz. And you start scaling it from 250 to 500. Now days four and plus all you really need to look at is your rorowaz right here. If it's more than your break even by at least 20% margins so if you're break evens at around 1.25 if it's around 1.9 or plus or maybe two plus rorowass go ahead and scale it. If it's around break even so for example if it's around like 1.1 to 1.3 go ahead and leave it the same. And if it's lower than your break even by a lot basically one rorowaz and under go ahead and downscale it or go ahead and kill it entirely. Right? So, if you go from 100 bucks to 300 and it doesn't really work at 300, I would go ahead and say scale it back down to 100 first to make sure or even a higher one 100 bucks to 500 to 1,000. If it was working at 500 and 300 and 1 and 100 and it didn't work at a,000, I'll go ahead and put it back to 500 the very next day. And that's pretty much all you're looking at. That's my very simple ad strategy campaign. I swear to God, this is all I do. I don't care about CPMs anymore, CPCs, CTRs, hook rates. This is a very simple way to go from zero to 10K a day. If you're looking at like 60k a day, 100k a day, 200k a day, you might need to look at more data, but for your first 10k a day, I honestly really only look at my rorowass because at the end of the day, all those metrics don't really matter. You can have a million dollar CBC, but if your rorowass is more than your break even, then you should be good to go. Obviously, crazy nuance there, but that's pretty much exactly what I mean. Let's just say you have that one ASC campaign that you start in the beginning that is now at $1,000 a day in spend, right? You want to go ahead and start uploading new ad creators that are similar to ad number three. So, there's something about ad number three that did well and there's a reason why. Maybe it's the actor in there. Maybe it's the script you used. Maybe it's the hook. You want to go ahead and make now again five to 10 more variables and variations of the same ad and what it's targeting. And you want to go ahead and upload another ASC campaign at $100 spend. And you want to do the same thing. Now, this is your scaling campaign. And now, this is your new testing campaign. So, your idea is to go ahead and keep uploading ads to your testing campaign until it scales all the way up. Just like your scaling campaign, you can have multiple scaling campaigns. I personally have two scaling campaigns right now and one testing campaign to hit my first 10K a day. And it's pretty much a repeat of this over and over and over again. This is a really simplified way I'm going ahead and scale my ads, my students ads, everyone else's ads. A few scaling campaigns and one testing campaign. So, I like to go ahead and allocate around like 10% of my budget just going ahead and testing. Now, there's some nuances here. If I'm spending like 30k a day on ads, I'm not spending 3K on just testing stuff. I'll probably spend around like 500 to a,000 testing new things. But, I'm not always spending 10%. and is always 10% below of my daily budget on testing campaigns. I spend the rest of my budget on scaling my campaigns. So, make sure to go ahead and do this right here. All right. And just to show you this ad strategy really works, this is day one of our product test. You can see right here, $100 spent. I got back $89 in sales. Like I said, I didn't lose $100, right? Let me go back to this chart right here. Go ahead and copy all of this and put it back right here. So, you can see side by side exactly what I was talking about. So, as you can see, day zero, I launched an ASC broadcast campaign at $100 a day. As you can see, $100 in a single day. And I targeted the top three with five to 10 ad creatives at 12:00 a.m. right the next day, day one. Now, day one, as you can see, I had $3 to $4 spend. I checked my CPC. It was lower than $5. So, we're good to go. And I went ahead and got a sale anyways. So, now I am no longer looking at CPCs. I'm not looking at CPM. I'm not looking at anything else. I'm not looking at any of these besides the rorowaz right here, which is 089. So, as you can see right here, I did not lose $100 that day. I spent 100 and got back 90. I lost 10,000 difference. And to fulfill the product, maybe another 15 bucks. I lost around $25. and checking my values right here. As you can see right here, as long as I didn't lose a $100, I am good to go. I lost 20. So, I went ahead and left it on for the very next day. So, day two right here, I left it on the same 100 bucks, but now I got back 2.92 rorowaz. So, I spent 100 bucks and got back 292. I didn't change anything. All I did was I basically went ahead and looked at my ad creative to see which creative got the most spend or which creative got the most performance. And for example, if it was ad three, I turned off everything else and left ad three on because like I said, Facebook might have been spending money towards these ad creates right here that weren't really performing. So, they're kind of wasting my money. So, I pretty much doubled down on one ad creative. Now, we're pretty much good to go. We're profitable that day. So, nothing much to do except to raise budgets. So, $100 to 250 or 200. And the very next day, as you can see right here, boom, I spent $200. I got back 2.57 rorowaz, $536 right here. As you can see, I have another testing campaign at 100 bucks. And this testing campaign right here is another testing campaign. The same setup as before. Day zero as broad 100 bucks a day. T3 pretty much five to 10 ad creates on exactly what made ad three work. So as you can see it didn't do too hot but I didn't lose a 100 bucks. As you can see I got back 51 rorowaz which means I spent 100 bucks and got back $51. Now you can see right here my CPC is over $5. But did I care? No. Leave it alone because once I got the rorowaz I no longer care about CPC. I no longer care about anything else because CBC could lower as the days go by. All I know is I lost around 70 bucks on this campaign right here. 70s, not 100. So, we're pretty much good to go to leave both campaigns on. Now, for day three, now at 12 a.m., all I'm going to do is go ahead and raise this budget from 200 to 500. And and I will leave this campaign alone just by itself. And I'm going to go ahead and add a new testing campaign at $100, which is a variation what's currently working for my campaigns on this one and this one right here. Now, as you can see, day three right here, I have one testing campaign. I spent 30 bucks. I went and just killed it because $14 CBC's. As you can see, if you spend $30 to $4 with no sales, no buy pressure, no nothing. I'm going to go ahead and kill it. It's impossible to be profitable at $14. But my second testing campaign right here, I spent 100 bucks, got back 150. So, I am pretty much a little bit over break even, which is good to go. I'm actually a little bit profitable right here, which is actually really good. And as you can see, I spent 500 bucks and got back 2.27 ROS. Got back my first 1K a day. In what, three to four days, I scale this product from $0 all the way to 1K a day. All right, what that means now is I'm g go ahead and double my budgets from $500 to $1,000 a day. And for this right here, I'm go ahead and leave it the same. This right here, I might relaunch it, but it didn't look too hot. I'm going to go ahead and relaunch some new testing campaigns. Now, going on to the fourth day, as you can see, I did go ahead and double it. It spent 1.1, so it did overspend a little bit, which is fine. I didn't really get too hot results, as you can see, 1.45, which means that I'm around break even, which is fine. But, as you can see right here, 100 bucks, 100 bucks, 100 bucks. These are all three brand new testing campaigns related off of what worked on this campaign right here off of ad three. Now, this didn't do too hot, but like I said, I didn't lose 100 bucks here, so I'm not going to turn it off. This right here is break even. So, I'm going go ahead and leave it on. This right here is three rise. So, I'm probably going to go ahead and raise the budget on this campaign right here. So, as you can see, the next day, I basically didn't touch this campaign. I left it the same because it was break even or near break even. I didn't raise the budget. I didn't kill it. I just left it the same. And the very next day, as you can see, boom, back to almost two rorowass. So, we're now profitable in this campaign. I'm probably going to go ahead and raise this one to like.5K now. And as you can see, this campaign right here, I raised it by 50%. These testing campaign is not doing too hot right now. So, I pretty much didn't do anything with them or I killed them the next day. As you can see, I spent 40 bucks more than $5 CPCs. I went ahead and killed it. $67 spend, not more than $5, but it is one rorowass. And I'm pretty sure for the lifetime this campaign, this is under break even. So, went ahead and killed this one as well. As you can see, I did spend around 2K. So, I didn't raise 2.5, I raised it to 2K. And as you can see, 2.831 rorowaz, which I'm 100% more profitable now. This campaign right here is profitable as well. This new testing campaign didn't do too hot, but it is not losing money. So, we're good to go. I'm just going tohead and leave that on. So, we go ahead and raise this campaign. This campaign is probably going to 5K right here. And this campaign is probably going to 500 right here. As you can see, this is the very next day. Actually, it didn't go to 500. It went to 1,000. So, I pretty much raised it even more than 500, which like I said, sometimes it's worth the risk to go ahead and do that because it was doing so well that it was worth the risk for me because if your campaign performance drops off a cliff when you go ahead and raise your budgets, it's like I said, I'm giving you a McLaren when you're not a really good driver yet. You might be driving just fine at 80 miles per hour, but if I go ahead and ramp it up to 100 miles per hour, you might not be finding a McLaren anymore, right? So, as you can see right here is my first 10K day. Even one campaign brought in pretty much 89% of the sales. I have a testing campaign right here that's doing good. another testing campaign that's doing decent and this testing campaign is not doing that good. But my goal is to go ahead and basically get these two testing campaigns right here to up to par with my main campaign because if I didn't have these two testing campaigns right here, I would have been missing out on 3K revenue, which is pretty much around like $500 profit. So, if I didn't have these testing campaigns, I've been missing out on that. But I'm also missing out on the potential to go ahead and scale these ad creatives alongside with my main one right here. And that's pretty much how you scale from zero to 10K a day. Now, like I said, if all that was too confusing for you and you want me to go ahead and manage your ads for you, go to the first link down below. I help people scale 20K in a single day, 14K in a single day, 40K in a single day, 20K in a single day. I'll be go ahead and find your winning product, make your Shopify store, add creat ahead and test and scale your products with you, tell you what to kill, what to scale. I'll pretty much run your store like if they were my own. So, you want my help oneonone, go to the first link down below. And if you want to watch my next video, it should be right here. Subscribe right here. See you guys next time. Peace out.

  Top Comments:
  1. @ardbet-net [11 likes]: Not a big commenter, but this was so much simpler than i thought sales campaigns were supposed to be. Only on day 3, running it with an added pixel lookalike to narrow a tiny bit, and sales are up tremendously lol. If you have the capital to experiment with this, do it.
  2. @AndrewYuROAS [2 likes]: 📞 Book a call to get mentored by me 1-on-1: ► https://aibranded.store/andrew-yu-secoc?video=aVd4Hg-jFjI

💸 Join my PAID Discord (I TEACH IN HERE): https://whop.com/primecord/

💬 Join my private telegram group (FREE): https://t.me/andrewdropshipping

Follow me on Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/andrewdropshipping
  3. @marcusaj9131 [1 likes]: One thing that I am noticing as of late is my campaign will pop off on day 1 then drastically underperform the days after? 

What’s the solution?
  4. @keepbableon [1 likes]: How would you recommend this for someone who has a lead fill out application and book a call? Should I start with a smaller budget? Just getting started in coaching / consulting wondering if this can work with some tweaks optimizing for leads vs sales
  5. @Alex_Holan [1 likes]: firee video bro
  6. @AC_Slayerrr: If I’m doing all of this for someone else’s business,how much should I charge for my work?
  7. @sancayarao: Hi bro, I have a question about ASC scaling strategy.

Currently I’m running 3 ASC campaigns for the same product, each with different creative variations. One of the ASC is performing below breakeven ROAS, while the other ones are doing okay.

How many days should I let the losing ASC run before killing the campaign?
Do you follow a fixed rule like 2 days below breakeven = kill, or do you wait longer for ASC to optimize?

Would like to know your rule for deciding when to turn off an ASC. Thanks 🙏
  8. @worldoffun9600: he is.. just pouring useless... spamm suggestions... ai gives same things... totally crap useless
  9. @itzurboygoku8458: Quick question if anyone can answer rq do you use Ali express to drop ship or auto ds
  10. @greek2550: INSANELY helpful bro
  11. @victorsokolov7432: Hi. Nice video thx u, but if i run my ads on leads and i do it for my own company. Which point i suppose to look?
  12. @kanieloutis1_: Not really work this strategy. Brazilian market dropshipping
  13. @govertvanderweijden54: Do you believe this works the same when you start with a new shop / BM / Ad Account & most importantly empty pixel?
  14. @DANIMs: If a product is selling for 30 usd, is 1 day click still applicable with this strategy or is it not needed?
  15. @johnnyjay: so you basically just have to have a lot of money and a good product?
  16. @dhruvsardana: Did you test products with broad testing with 1 adset with 5-8 ad variations with 100$ budget?
  17. @mayputhkid: bro is copying mark builds brands
  18. @IXGMO.03: Goat
  19. @Jacko623: Are you moving the winning ad into a new campaign or its own ad set? What about the ads from the next iteration?
  20. @renae2863: Does the day of the week matter for this test

- Copy This Meta Ads Strategy, It'll Blow Up Your Business: Kind: captions Language: en My agency is working on more than 1,200 meta ad accounts right now. We literally have more than 1,200 Facebook ad accounts in our business manager and almost no one on earth has access to that many ad accounts, access to that much testing resource, which has allowed us to test so many different Facebook and Instagram ad strategies. And in this video, I'm going to show you the ad strategy that is consistently producing the best results for us right now. Okay. Okay, so I'm going to start by showing you the recommended campaign structure and then we'll talk about other important elements of this strategy like the creative stuff that is obviously key as well. So let's jump into an example ad account. I'll demonstrate this. I'm going to create a couple of um example campaigns and then label them up so that you know um what we're doing here. So this is what we're doing for most businesses now, right? What we're finding is working best. And like I said, we've really been able to test this. So let's give these a label. So, let's call this one our scaling campaign. And let's call this one our testing campaign. And that's what we're going to use for the vast vast majority of businesses is just the two campaigns. Now, within those campaigns, we're going to have one adset each. Those adsets going to be targeting the same people. It's going to be a mixture of cold and warm audiences, often going to be open targeting or something very close. Now, the reason why we do that is because the way meta ads is structured now, when you're using the suggested audience function, which nearly all advertisers are, um, even if you try and separate out your warm audiences and your cold audiences, meta is going to kind of blend the two anyway. So, you might as well consolidate that into one ad set per campaign and just get all that data in there and allow Meta to uh to optimize properly. If we do have separate ads, that's usually because we're segmenting by location, not by different targeting options like interests or like I said between cold and warm and stuff like that, right? So, why do we have the two campaigns? What it really allows us to do is a lot of creative testing and creative testing in a way that allows us to take advantage of our winners, but also continually test. If you just have the one campaign, which I know a lot of advertisers attempted to do now because they understand from people like me and other people saying that you want to consolidate, you want less campaigns, you want less adsets, you want to put more conversion data within that one element so that Meta can optimize better. But the problem with doing that all the way down to just one campaign is that often you'll have one or two ads that are performing best and you basically can't test because you try and introduce new ads to run alongside the best performers and Meta just goes, "No, no, no. we've got winners. We're going to keep putting budget on those and not put any budget on the new stuff. And therefore, you never really find out what works. You can't test. You can't build a bank of ads that you know can perform well or ready to go. And what happens is that your best performers slowly over time drop off because they fatigue and then you end up in a a bit of a a bad situation where you don't have ads ready to go. You haven't been able to test. You haven't been able to see what works. If we have the scaling campaign, we can therefore benefit from our winners. We can spend money in there, get great results, get lots of sales, get lots of leads, etc. But we also have a separate campaign where we can test new ads. We can force Meta effectively to spend money on that on on the different new creatives. And we may well find that when Meta gives those ads a proper go at it, that some of those perform better even than the ones in our scaling campaign. And then we can look to move them over and run them as part of our scaling campaign and and continually get better results. We know how important testing is. We know how important creative testing is to find ads that might outperform our current ones, but also might give us more longevity because we know our current ones are going to fatigue at some point. Right now, in terms of the budget split between your scaling campaign and your testing campaign, very much depends on the results that you're seeing. If your results are great, you want to spend more money on your scaling campaign. Could be 80% of your overall budget, for example, because you want to take advantage of that winner. But if your results are quite poor, let's say you're unprofitable, well, you don't really want to be spending much at all on your best performers, on your scaling campaign, because what's the point spending a lot of money on ads that aren't working, much better then to dedicate more of your budget to testing, to finding potentially ads that can perform really well. Then you can look to change the split once you do find those winners. Uh, but having more budget in that scenario in the testing campaign allows for more testing, allows for fast testing. You're more likely to find those winners that you could then move over to the scaling campaign. Okay, so that's campaign structure. Like I said, very simple and it's done that way on purpose. Simple, but allows us to do a lot of creative testing, which we'll get to in a second. First, I want to let you know about my mentorship program, which gives you all the support you need to get the best possible Facebook ad and Instagram ad results. And included in my mentorship program are multiple live calls and Q&As's per day. So, you can literally jump on with us and ask us any questions that you've got. Those calls are held by both me and my expert team members. You get unlimited one-to-one chat support, access to exclusive educational materials. If that sounds interesting, there is a link in the video description below. You can click on that, go through to a page on our website, book in a free, no obligation call with one of my team members, and hopefully we get a chance to work together very soon. So, let's move on to the creative part of this strategy that I'm talking about. And I imagine that some of you watching this who have seen my previous videos will now be thinking, "Okay, Ben, yeah, I get it. You're going to tell me that I need to create lots of different ads and they need to be video ads and I need to dedicate my entire life to becoming a video ad creator. and if I do that long enough with enough ad variations, eventually I'll find winners and I'll make loads of money from meta ads and I'll grow my business, etc., etc. That's not actually what I'm going to recommend here at all. You do need lots of ads, but I don't want you to make any ads with this strategy that I'm talking about. I don't want you to make the ads yourself. What I want you to do is hire influencers and creators to make your ads for you. This is potentially the single most undervalued and underutilized tactic in the meta ads world that I really want to get the message out there about because it can help improve your performance so much. We have seen this now with so many different businesses that we work with that when you work with the right influencers and creators, your results can absolutely take off. Why does that happen? Few reasons. Firstly, influencers and creators are normally really good at making content. That's how they became an influencer and creator in the first place. They'll be one of thousands, tens of thousands, hundreds of thousands, maybe millions depending on how big their niche is, right? That's how good they're going to be. Maybe not one, maybe, you know, 10 of a 100,000 people that are making content in that space, the ones that that rise to the top. So, they're really good at making video content. So, you don't have to learn that skill. You don't have to re-engineer your entire life to becoming a video ad creator. You can just benefit from their expertise by hiring them to do it for you. Secondly, if they have a following and that following matches with your target audience and people respect what they say and their recommendation carries weight, the impact of having that person in your video ads is enormous. It is going to stop the scroll. It is going to hold your audience's attention. It is going to convince them to click and much more likely to convince them to convert. I I still think even though I talk about other people talk about it, that it is massively uh underappreciated. I've seen the exact same offer, the exact same product, the exact same business go from a 2x rorowass to a 6x rorowass just because basically the same ad was created, but it was done by an influencer in that space in the first place. It doesn't cost anywhere near as much as a lot of people think. You don't need to work with people that the entire world knows. You can work with niche specific influencers that charge a lot less. And the reason in many cases why they charge less is because they're very much set up for this. Like it doesn't take them very long. when I uh for example, I have sponsors on my content, right? And I do this as an influencer. Obviously, I'm on both sides of the fence here. I'm an advertiser and I'm an influencer. Uh when I create uh when I produce a a sponsor segment, like an integration for for a sponsor, doesn't take me very long. I now to record video, my editors know what they're doing. I know the words to say, I know what resonates with my audience. Like, they can do this relatively quickly and easily. They don't necessarily charge that much uh money for it. And especially if you're going to run it as an ad, here's the added advantage, you are basically giving that influencer or creator extra free exposure. Cuz if you say, I want you to record an ad for me. By the way, I'm going to go and advertise this to a million people over the next 3 months or have, you know, whatever the time frame is and however many people are, that's a good selling point, too, right? That's a good deal for them. They want more exposure. They want more people to see um who they are. Now, I'm not just going to give you that generic advice of just hire influencers. I'm going to get a lot more specific than that and go through the details. Here's what I'd recommend you use. Meta has created a fantastic free tool called the creator marketplace. Now, if I just go ahead and click on all tools and then scroll down here, I can find under engage audience the creator marketplace. Now, not every advertiser has access to this yet, but this is an incredible free resource where you can find creators that have audiences in your space really quickly and easily. You can search using keywords. You can then reach out. You can create campaigns letting creators know exactly what you want from a deliverable standpoint. We will get to that, the tactics around that in a second. And this whole interface, like I said, free to use, is just such an easy way to do what I think has been a hurdle, a stumbling block for a lot of advertisers previously. They've thought, "Oh, how do I even get in touch with these influencers and creators and then maybe they tried sending a few emails and never got a response. They thought, "This is a waste of time. I won't do this." This platform makes it really, really easy. More about this uh in a second. But before I get to that, I want to talk about the deliverables of what I want you to ask the creator and influencer to produce for you. I'll get back to the video in a second, but first I want to let you know about Particle. Particle is a fantastic tool that takes meta ads targeting from good to exceptional by providing the in-depth market intelligence and competitive insights necessary to truly understand and reach the right audience in 2025 and beyond. With Particle, you can track competitor sales, pricing strategies, and product launches down to the skew level, which means you can identify which strategies are working well for your competitors, understand their target audienc's purchasing behavior, and uncover untapped market opportunities for your ads. Particle can also help you find new audiences or market segments by revealing top selling trends or product opportunities. Combine that with Particle's granular skew level data, and you'll be able to make more informed decisions about targeting, creative, and overall campaign strategy. Right now, you can get started with Particle for free. No credit card required. Just click the link in the video description below. Okay. So, here's what I want you to ask the creator or influencer to produce for you when you do reach out to them, when you do potentially create the campaign through um creator marketplace. I want you to get ask them to produce a couple of video ads promoting your product or service. And I'd normally recommend giving the the creator quite a lot of flexibility around how they do that. As again, someone who sits on both sides of the fence as an advertiser and and as a creator. Um, the businesses that I work with where they're really strict on exactly what I can say and how I can promote it, I tend to find those don't do as well as when I have a bit more flexibility around what I include and I can make it sound a bit more like me and a bit more natural and that sort of thing. So, you can of course add in guidelines and stipulations to make sure they don't go crazy and they say certain things, but remember they're good at this. They're good at getting attention. That's how they became a creator influencer in the first place. So, so giving them flexibility is a good thing. and they are incentivized to produce good results for you because they want to keep working with you if you're going to pay them to to produce this stuff. But here's the extra tactic that almost no one does, but it makes your influencer creator budget go so much further and also gives you a much greater chance of success, and that's to ask the creator to record 10 hooks. Okay? Now, a hook, most of my audience will understand, but a hook is going is is the first 3 seconds effectively, more or less, of a video ad. It's the opening scene combined with the opening line or two. And it won't take the creator hardly any extra time to do this. You're basically saying like, look, please uh that, you know, opening line also say these are the opening lines. Could you do that in a few different locations with very different backgrounds? I mean, it's going to take them a few minutes, certainly less than an hour in many uh instances. Quite quick and easy for them to do. they're not going to charge you much more for it. But when you have extra hooks, say 10 hooks, and you compare them with those, say two main ads, two full ads that they created for you, you now have 20 different ads basically for the price of, let's say, for three because they've got to record the full two and then maybe it takes as long to do all the hooks as it would do to create a third ad for you. So basically you're getting 20 ads for the price of three because most influence creators are going to charge kind of based on their time obviously factors in their audience size and and and that sort of thing right so it makes your budget go that much further. Now, the reason why it's 20 different ads, if you had take those first three seconds and you sort of add it to, you know, so you take all 10 hooks and you have 10 hooks with ad one and 10 hooks with ad two, that's 20 different ads because more than 90% of people that see your ad after more than 95% of people see your ad will never make it past those first three seconds. So, by changing that opening line or two and changing that opening scene, the visuals of it to to the vast majority of your audience, that is a completely different ad. They never saw the rest of it. So the fact that that's the same is just doesn't make any difference. And obviously for those small minority that actually did watch more of the ad, well, they're really interested anyway. So you want to advertise for th those people again, you want to have another go at grabbing their attention with a with a new hook to try and get the conversion, assuming they didn't already um convert. And it's something that we're doing more and more of part of our own creative testing when we're making ads, but also more and more with influencers is instead of h it's so much time and effort to create these like long detailed video ads. It's like, you know what, we've got a winner here. Let's just go and record that opening line with a completely different background with a different top on or with a different person or in a different location or uh let's change the opening line slightly and let's see if that performs as well. Because the hook, those first three seconds is by far the most important part of your video. if that's what's going to grab their attention or not, that's what's going to um in many cases determine the success of the ad because if they don't watch based on that and don't find out about the rest, they're not going to take the next steps. So, I really want to emphasize the hooks. It's such a high leverage activity. You could have input here if if the creators sort of a bit like, uh, what do I do? Be like, say that same thing, but just, you know, how your background is normally like this, just go do that somewhere else. do it with a phone selfie style as opposed to in front of your camera or vice versa depending on how you know that creator normally operates. It just needs to look quite different so you get past the what I call the I've seen this before filter when it's put in front of people. Also gives you a much greater chance that it will succeed because perhaps the influencer creates a an ad for you video ad and it just doesn't really land. Well, if you've got 10 different hooks, much more likely that at least one or two of them will land even if like the original one that they created um doesn't, right? So yeah, that is a really important extra wrinkle. You combine that tactic asking the created influencers to do that with using the creator marketplace. So you can easily find people, contact them, you create campaigns, and you've absolutely got a winning strategy that you can then employ, create lots of different ads. You know, we just talked about an easy way to get 20 ads from one creator. You plug that into the campaign structure that we talked about where you have the testing campaign and the scaling campaign. you can see how much testing you can get done quickly and at once. Obviously, in an ideal world, you'd work with multiple creators, multiple influencers, budget permitting. Um, and then you plug that in. The winners, you move over to your scaling campaign. You can see how this whole sort of ecosystem and this strategy works and is working particularly well right now. And I think this is only going to become more powerful as AI produces more and more social media noise, more and more nonsense that we just can ignore, things that aren't necessarily true. People are going to be looking for the signal and the signal is going to be people they trust. It's going to be the creators. It's going to be the influence. They're going to become more important as AI does more and more content creation, not less. I expect this strategy to be more valuable and more of a competitive edge as opposed to the opposite going forward. Now, earlier I briefly touched on the creator marketplace and how important that free tool is um as part of this strategy. By far the best way to go about doing this. Well, I break down the creator marketplace and demonstrate it in detail how to use it, how to create campaigns in this video here. And this really, this video here is very much a continuation of this one in order to get this strategy and use it properly. You need to go through this video. You need to watch the marketplace video. You need to set up your campaigns. Do it the right way so that you can find the right influencers. Get in touch with them. Find the right creators. Use this strategy. Use this campaign structure.

  Top Comments:
  1. @BenHeath [3 likes]: Get personal Meta Ads feedback from me (live) for less than $60 per session:
👉 https://www.skool.com/benheath/about
Let my agency run your Meta ads for you:
👉 https://heathmedia.co.uk/done-for-you/
  2. @Nahid-e9e: I hope you're doing well. I wanted to discuss improving your YouTube video performance through better SEO and more engaging thumbnails.
Optimizing titles, descriptions, and tags can significantly increase your video visibility, while eye-catching thumbnails can boost click-through rates and attract more viewers. Small improvements in these areas can make a big difference in overall channel growth.
If you're open to it, I’d be happy to share specific suggestions or help refine your current videos to maximize reach and engagement.
Let me know what you think!
  3. @user-vk9ff9gr4x: So if you show your ads two times to 100,000 people should that not have a different hook? And for this reason I'm out😂
  4. @crypt0nubie111: Hi Ben, thank you for this video - just a couple questions;

so for the two campaigns: 

testing:
- do we just continuously add different creatives?
- and how long / how much spend typically when testing new creatives

scaling:
- do you just slowly increase budget daily?

Thanks!
  5. @Mayank-ai-DS: Interesting take on the Meta carousel setup—keeps guessing awhile on creative vs copy. I’m running AI‑generated ads for apparel brands so all the model creds and subscription layers are already sorted; the real drain is tackling the creative loop solo. If the grind of making every piece killiosionically better ever feels like a marathon, I’m looking for a partner who lives in that space.
  6. @mosesdwirianto1586: Thank you for sharing Ben!
  7. @TintologyLabs: Once we get enough data to prove the testing creative is good, how do we move it over to scaling? Just with post id?
  8. @8ight8ight07: Lets say you have 20€ budget daily. Would it be better to spend all the money on one ad or should I do 3 ads and let meta decide which ad gets what amount of budget?
  9. @hidde7138: So when you find winners, and copy those to your scaling campaign. Do you turn off the winners in the testing campaign? I heard you don't want to do that, thus repeating the cycle where META does not test anything
  10. @Washwizard2019: I I like you, Ben, but I bet in the 500,000 subscribers you have on this channel more than %70 of them couldn’t afford influencers at $500 a pop or they don’t even have influencers in their demographic area for their service business or local business  even if the video has 10 extra hooks but you seem to be pushing it really hard since Meta put content creator marketplace  on the platform I wonder if there’s any correlation between those two coincidences.
  11. @TrinhLe-r7q: The scaling campaign though, will take your budget and of your say 10 ads to scale, it will prioritise budgeting only 3 or 4 of them, will they not? So effectively, in your method, 6 or 7 'winners' will not get budget, what do you say about that?
  12. @ohyeah7234: Thanks for the information! 
What if you just set minimal budget for a new creative within one campaign, instead of creating whole new campaign for testing?
  13. @gabxonokeke: You should have captioned this "Influencer Marketing" instead.
  14. @adspoc: Ben. I love you. You are my inspiration but it seems i have FAILED you. I cannot crack this code. If you can read this next comment and guide me. How can I get out of this mess. I will forever be in your debt.
  15. @TheSportsRager: This guy is helpful, but talks way too much. Just show us how to set things up correctly, we dont need to know every little detail.
  16. @danielkelly8645: in your testing campaign how do you deal with the situation when say one new test creative takes up 90% off the budget from the 6/7 new test creatives that just went live? That seems to be the biggest issue we are having
  17. @MikencoAgency-ads: Always interesting to see how people structure their Meta ads strategy in practice.
  18. @codyrhinehart8990: i'm curius to something, what percentage of those ad accounts are ecomm vs service?
  19. @stockholmcompany3493: so you use the testing campaign as a CBO and make a new adset when you are going to test a new ad or pack of ads?   thank you :)
  20. @MarriageHabits: Based on the video transcript, here's a complete implementation plan:
Campaign Structure Setup
Step 1: Create Two Campaigns

Set up Campaign #1: Label it "Scaling Campaign"
Set up Campaign #2: Label it "Testing Campaign"
These two campaigns form the foundation of the entire strategy

Step 2: Configure Ad Sets

Create one ad set per campaign (total of 2 ad sets)
Use the same targeting for both ad sets
Use open targeting or very broad targeting (mixing cold and warm audiences)
Only segment by location if needed, not by interests or audience temperature

Step 3: Set Budget Allocation

If results are good/profitable: Allocate 80% to Scaling Campaign, 20% to Testing Campaign
If results are poor/unprofitable: Allocate more budget to Testing Campaign to find winners faster
Adjust the split based on performance

Creative Strategy: Working with Influencers
Step 4: Access Creator Marketplace

Go to Meta Ads Manager
Click "All Tools"
Scroll to "Engage Audience" section
Select "Creator Marketplace"

Step 5: Find Relevant Creators

Search using keywords related to your niche
Look for creators whose audience matches your target market
Focus on niche-specific influencers (don't need celebrity-level creators)

Step 6: Create Your Deliverables Request
Ask each creator/influencer to produce:

2 full video ads promoting your product/service
10 different hooks (first 3 seconds with different opening lines and backgrounds)

This gives you 20 total ad variations (10 hooks × 2 full ads)
Step 7: Brief the Creator

Give them flexibility in how they promote your product
Provide guidelines but let them use their authentic voice
Emphasize that hooks should have visually different backgrounds
Mention you'll be running these as paid ads (free exposure for them)

Implementation and Testing
Step 8: Load Ads into Testing Campaign

Upload all 20 ad variations to your Testing Campaign
Let Meta spend budget testing these new creatives
Monitor which hooks and ads perform best

Step 9: Move Winners to Scaling Campaign

Identify top-performing ads from Testing Campaign
Move winning ads to Scaling Campaign
Increase budget on Scaling Campaign when you have strong performers

Step 10: Continuous Testing Cycle

Keep Testing Campaign running with new creative variations
Work with multiple creators if budget allows
Replace fatigued ads in Scaling Campaign with new winners from Testing
Request new hook variations for winning ads to extend their lifespan

Key Success Factors

The first 3 seconds (hook) is the most critical part
Different hooks make each ad unique to 95%+ of viewers
Creators are incentivized to produce quality work
This strategy scales creative testing without becoming a full-time video creator yourself

This structure allows you to benefit from winning ads while continuously discovering new high-performers.

- The 8 Trends I’m Betting My Entire Marketing Strategy On in 2026: Kind: captions Language: en Your customers aren't finding you the way they used to. 26% of searches now [music] end without a click. Instagram alone sees over 6.5 billion searches every day. And Chad GPT is about to launch ads that behave like Facebook, not Google. So if you're still marketing like 2024, you're already behind. I'm Neil Patel, co-founder of NP Digital. My team works with hundreds of brands across dozens of industries and every day we analyze patterns most marketers never even see. And today I'm going to walk you through the eight digital marketing trends that will shape visibility in 2026 and how to use each one immediately. Because when you [music] understand what's actually happening, you stop reacting and start leading. Let's dive in. Trend number one, stop sending traffic off platform. Capture leads where they are. If you're still sending social media traffic to landing pages, you're losing leads before they ever see your offer. Here's a real reason. Platforms like Instagram, LinkedIn, and Facebook kill your distribution the moment your content tries to move off platform, even if it's just click the link in my bio or visit our site. These platforms want people inside their ecosystem, not bouncing out of it. So, the algorithm immediately throttles your reach and your ad costs go up. And even when people do click out, most mobile users drop off the moment they hit a slow loading form or a page that isn't built for quick conversion. Here's what you need to do. Keep the entire lead capture process inside the platform. Use tools like Manyhat to trigger automated conversations. When someone comments with the keyword, they comment, the software automatically sends them DMs, you capture their information without them ever leaving the platform. This reduces friction, boosts engagement signals to the algorithm, and gives you higher quality leads because you're tracking behavioral intent, not just form fields. Trend two, search moved beyond Google. For years, search meant Google. But now, search is happening everywhere. Instagram, YouTube, Tik Tok, Chad, GBT, Snap, LinkedIn, even [music] your browser. Snap signed a $400 million deal with Perplexity [music] just to power their search. Buyers are jumping across platforms like Stepping Stones and most brands only show up on one of them. Here's what we're seeing in the data. Instagram 6.5 billion searches a day. YouTube over 3 billion. Tik Tok is becoming [music] a new product search engine. Chad GBT emerging as a trusted discovery tool. This isn't random. It's a clear shift in consumer behavior. And once you understand the shift, you can use [music] it to win. This is called search everywhere optimization. creating content that's formatted, structured, and packaged in a way that ranks across all major discovery surfaces, [music] not just traditional search engines. Here's exactly how to do it. Start by weaving [music] your targeted keywords naturally into everything. Your script, your captions, your on-screen text, and your description. That's how platforms understand the true topic of your content. Then build topic clusters. Create multiple posts around the same core theme so platforms start mapping you as the authority. Consistency also builds discoverability. And finally, optimize for conversational search. People now search in full phrases and the algorithms read the layers of your content. Audio captions, transcripts, and visual text to [music] match that intent. When your content aligns with how people actually search, you start showing up everywhere they look. Trend three, the AI slob problem is hurting teams more than helping. AI promise speed, but for most marketing teams, it's creating [music] confusion, rework, and hallucinations. We ran a study comparing free and paid AI tools, and the hallucination rates were almost [music] identical. That means people are trusting answers that look correct, but are completely wrong. And that false confidence is killing campaigns. Here's what's happening. Markers are using AI to write copy, analyze data, and build strategy. But they're not validating the output. They're assuming the AI is right because it sounds confident. But when you dig into the data, you find errors, fake [music] stats, misqued sources, conclusions that don't match the evidence. And here's a surprising twist. A lot of companies are blaming AI for the layoffs. Not because AI actually replaced people, but because [music] it's a cleaner story for the public markets. Simplifying with AI sounds a lot better to shareholders than admitting that they overhired and their divisions aren't [music] growing at the pace they are expecting or aren't as profitable. Meanwhile, inside these teams, the real inefficiency is coming from AI slop, hallucinations, errors, and bad outputs that waste [music] hours. Even Perplexity CEO said on CNBC, he doesn't believe AI is [music] the true reason behind these job losses. >> The results of that are being seen now. So, correlation doesn't imply causation. Like, it's not because of AI that people are losing jobs. In fact, because of AI, we see a lot more empowerment in people. >> So, what do you actually do with all this? You stop using AI the way everyone else is using [music] it and start using it the way top performers do. Top performers aren't using AI blindly. They're using AI intelligently. Here's how. Use AI to generate first drafts, not final drafts. Cross reference any stats or claim [music] that AI gives you. Check the source. Verify the date. Build internal quality checks. [music] If something feels off, dig deeper. Use AI for ideiation, not execution. Let it help you brainstorm, but don't let it make strategic decisions without human [music] oversight. The biggest ROI we're seeing from AI isn't from tools themselves. [music] It's from using AI platforms like Chat GBT as a discovery channel to drive traffic and conversions. When you stop using AI to replace your word and start using it to extend your reach, you produce work that's sharper, faster, and way more accurate. AI doesn't replace your judgment, it multiplies it. Once you understand that, you stop feeling threatened and you start feeling empowered. AI tools aren't just answering questions anymore. They're evolving into full discovery engines. And just like Google, they're starting to prioritize trusted sources. We're seeing clear patterns. Listicles get cited constantly. Structured pages get pulled into answers. Websites [music] with consistent formatting are showing up more often. If you publish top 10 lists across multiple categories, top 10 tools, top 10 agencies, top 10 products, top 10 comparisons, you start training Chat GBT to see you as authority. Here's how the strategy works. Create listicles in very specific niches. Don't just publish top 10 digital marketing agencies. Publish the subcategories, top 10 SAS agencies, top 10 e-commerce agencies, top 10 affordable marketing agencies, top 10 agencies for franchises. The more micro categories you own, the more Chad GBT cites you as a source. And no, you shouldn't be citing yourself. You should be leveraging digital PR to get other trusted sources that are authorities in your field to site you. And you need to make your case on why you are a better fit than the competition. And Chad GBT will eventually build its own authority system to prevent strategies like people just blogging on their own website and saying, "Hey, we're the best." So right now, you shouldn't focus on shortcuts. You should focus on long-term strategies by getting other people in your industry to talk about you. Yes, it involves outreach and more work, but it's worth the effort because then your results will start compounding. And if you don't want to do this yourself and you just want someone to do it for you, my agency, NP Digital, has a massive digital PR team with over a 100 people [music] where we help companies get listed as the main source and pitch journalists on why they should be the best in their industry. Of course, if you have a crappy product or service, it's harder for us to do that. But if you have a good product and a good service, it's much easier and definitely doable. All you have to do is just go to npd digital.com and fill out the form. Now, if you are creating content on your own website, make sure you're formatting it correctly with clear headers, bullet points, tables. This makes it easy for AI to extract and site your content. Keep your content updated. Add last updated dates to your pages and AI engines will favor fresh, current information over old, outdated information. You also want to use schema markup. This tells AA engines exactly what your content is about and makes it easier to site. You also want to site yourself strategically within your own content and mention the products and services you offer, as well as integrate case studies, stats, facts, and data like that to show that you are a credible source. And when you get cited by multiple websites that rank you as one of the top sources in the industry, this builds authority within the AI platforms. This makes them want to site you more than your competition in the long run, who's just focusing on creating articles on their own website, discussing how they're the best source. This is going to be the new SEO. Almost no one is doing it. What they're focusing on is still the old stuff versus digital PR where it's really at and that makes the difference. Sure, you need to still have all the fundamentals, but without digital PR, you're not going to do as well on Chad GPT, Perplexity, or even Gemini. [music] And when you understand that Chad GPT is becoming a ranking system, your content strategy immediately becomes more intentional, more strategic, and far more profitable. Trend five, AI ads will behave like Facebook with Google level intent. When Chad GBT launches ads, they won't work like Google search ads. They will target you based on your full search history, your intent over time, your interests, your patterns, your problems, your goals. This is identity based targeting with search level accuracy. If you search for marketing agencies, Chad GPT could show you an ad for a marketing agency. But if nine of your last 10 searches were about losing weight, Chad GBT might show you a weight loss ad instead because that's what's actually top of mind for you right now. They're not just responding to what you type. They're responding to your deeper intent across everything you've been searching. And look at who Open AI is hiring. Former Facebook and Instagram ad engineers, people who specialize in predictive modeling and behavior-based targeting. Google shows you ads based on what you type. Facebook shows you ads based [music] on who you are. Chat GBT will do both. This means one thing. Brands that define their category early will have the advantage of being the default recommendation inside AI platforms. You no longer are competing for keywords. You're competing for associations. And here's how you position yourself now. Build topical authority. Create content that is consistently addresses specific problems for specific audiences. The more you publish on a topic, the more AI associates your brand with that category. You also want to use firstparty data. Integrate your CRM, purchase history, and customer interactions into your ad platforms. This trains AI systems to understand who your best customers are. You want to create content that teaches AI who you help. Don't just say we're a marketing agency. Say we help SAS companies scale from 1 million to 10 million through performance marketing. The specificity trains the AI. Once you understand that, you stop creating random content and you start creating content that teaches AI exactly who you are and who you help. Trend six, browsers are becoming AI platforms. This is one of the biggest changes [music] coming in 2026 and one of the least discussed. A is moving into browser layer, not just website layer. Chrome's Gemini, Chad GPT's Atlas, Perplexes Comet. Right now, we go to Chad GPT, we go to Google, we go to different platforms, but [music] that's changing. Think of a browser like an app. Once you're inside it, they keep you there and they can monetize you without sending you to [music] websites first. Imagine this. Your customer opens a tab and asks the browser to compare tools. The browser summarizes everything, makes recommendations, and shows [music] AIdriven ads before they even reach a website. This is the future of discovery. Browsers are becoming the new platform instead of forcing people to go to websites. AI inside the browser pulls information directly from your [music] site and shows it to users instantly. And Google is already preparing for this. Their new AI Mac campaigns are designing [music] to show ads across every Google surface, search, YouTube, discover, and soon inside Chrome's AI features. [music] So, in the future, your ads won't just show up on Google's platforms. They'll show up inside the browser itself while people are using AI tools to research, compare, and make decisions. That's why marketers need to prepare now. Start running AMAX campaigns early so you can understand how the system optimizes, and learns. Add structured data to your website, schema markup, clean formatting, and clear sections so browsers can easily extract, summarize, and [music] surface your content. Treat your site as a data source, not just a destination. the browser will pull from it even if users never click through. Trend seven, live content is becoming a competitive advantage. In a world full of AI generated everything, the one thing people trust most is real people. And that's why live video is exploding. YouTube reports that nearly 30% of users watch at least one live every week. And very few brands are going live. People are craving live content, but creators and brands aren't delivering it. When you go live regularly, something powerful happens. Your audience sees you as a human. Your engagement spikes, your organic reach expands, your content multiplies because one live stream can become dozens of clips. And here's one thing that gets really interesting. YouTube now autogenerates both horizontal and vertical clips from your live streams. You can go live once [music] on desktop and the platform creates vertical versions for mobile automatically. You create once and the platform repurposes it for you. Here's how to use this. Go live once a week. It doesn't have to be fancy. Just show up and add value. Teach something, answer questions, break down recent trend, walk through a case study. Let the platform do the work. YouTube handles the formatting, you handle the value. Repurpose strategically. Pull out the best 60-second moments and turn them into shorts, reals, and Tik Toks. Platforms are rewarding authenticity, not polish. And once you lean into that, your brand stops feeling like content and starts feeling like leadership. This is where your audience begins to trust you deeply. For the first time in history, [music] language is no longer a barrier. YouTube and tools like Hey Gen can now autodub your videos into dozens of languages using your own voice. And over time, [music] all platforms will do this. And you won't even need tools like Hey Jen. This means your next video isn't limited to one country. [music] It can reach the entire world instantly. Your reach is no longer just English [music] speakers. It's Hindi speakers, Korean speakers, Spanish speakers, everyone. And here's what we're seeing. Creators are getting 30 to 50% of their views from languages they don't even speak. Brands are expanding into new markets without hiring translators or voice actors. [music] Here's how to activate this. Enable multilanguage audio on YouTube. It's in your video settings. Turn it on for every video you publish. You also want to optimize your website for global traffic. Use [music] HF lang tags. Add language selectors. Make sure your checkout process supports multiple languages. Localize your CTAs. If someone's [music] watching in Spanish, make sure your landing page supports Spanish, too. This shift transforms creators into global brands. [music] And once you experience global distribution, your mindset changes. You stop thinking in terms of views and you start thinking in [music] terms of world reach. This unlocks the biggest psychological driver of all expansion. Not just of your content, but of your ambition. If you want to go deeper into how AI search really works, watch my next video. [music] This will walk you through how to get surfaced, how to get recommended, and how to stay visible inside every major platform.

  Top Comments:
  1. @neilpatel [81 likes]: Appreciate the feedback on the music and totally hear you. We’re adjusting background music levels going forward so the focus stays 100% on the information.

Thanks for sticking with us and for the thoughtful comments 🙏
  2. @abelluizramos2001: man the trends are changing fast
  3. @Aymennurahmed-d6j: this is super relevant for my plans
  4. @musaknowledgendlovu5391: didn't think about it like that before
  5. @aurhanabbasi: when you said brands need to show up inside the ai tools themselves… ok but what’s the first thing to fix on a site? schema? internal linking? i ran myGEOscore once and got overwhelmed.
  6. @AnujGamer-v6s: love how you break it down so easy
  7. @Flim_izletv: these trends are wild, gotta keep up with them
  8. @ahar_Ayush_YT_02: ai slop problem is so real. half the posts i see read like warmed-over prompts. curious if Wisewand actually keeps stuff from sounding like that, or if it’s just better polishing.
  9. @SunnyVarma-y19s: didn't realize how fast things are changing
  10. @kilipul09: gotta start thinking ahead, thanks for the insights
  11. @rashmishah1736: this is super helpful for planning my 2026 stuff
  12. @fukrey_boys-pk: wow this is eye opening for 2026
  13. @NewNigeriaTV-g2z: def gonna shift my strategy after this
  14. @rajrawat1125: Search Everywhere Optimization is the part that hit. I’ve been stuck thinking “rank on Google” forever, but my buyers are literally searching inside eBay. Baypoint AI kinda fits that shift.
  15. @MosesTalkmoreMandizvidza: never thought of marketing like this tbh
  16. @26.umikhabibah64: the ai part blew my mind lol
  17. @beautyofmusic4348: really makes me think about my strategy 👍
  18. @C1_JACK: i’m def gonna start using these tips
  19. @noonapdo6470: who knew 2026 would be so different
  20. @EjazKhan-c5c4f: the “search everywhere optimization” bit finally put words to what’s been happening. google-only reporting feels like it’s missing half the picture, even for SeoLab Agency folks.

- Facebook – How to Stop Meta from Using Your Personal Data for Meta AI: Kind: captions Language: en In today's video, I'm going to teach you Facebook, how to stop Meta from using your personal data for Meta AI. By the end, you'll know exactly where to find Meta's objection form and how to submit it so your information isn't used to train their generative AI features. Start by opening your web browser and heading to Google. In the search bar, type Facebook and open the official Facebook website from the results. If you're already logged in, great. If not, sign into your account using your usual credentials. For security, make sure you're on the official site. And if you use two factor authentication, have your verification method handy. Once you're in, look to the upper right corner and click your profile picture to open the main menu. From that drop-down, choose settings and privacy. In the next view, select privacy center. This is where MetaG groupoups a lot of their policy information and controls and it's the fastest route to the AI related pages. Inside the privacy center, scroll until you see other policies and articles and click that. You'll get a list of help topics and policy explanations. Find and open the article titled how Meta uses information for generative AI models and features. This page explains what kinds of information may be used and provides links to exercise your rights. On that page, look for the section labeled your right to object and click it. This opens Meta's request flow where you can object to the use of your information for AI purposes. Follow the prompt and when asked, select Facebook as the product you're submitting this request for. Interface wording can vary slightly depending on your region or whether you're on desktop or mobile, but the path is the same. Privacy center, the AI article, your right to object, then choose Facebook. After selecting Facebook, proceed to submit. If any confirmation dialogue pops up, click okay to finalize. That's it. The request is in. You may receive a confirmation on screen and in some cases an email noting that Meta received your objection. If you don't see a message, don't worry. The okay confirmation indicates it went through. A couple of quick tips before we wrap up. If menus look different for you, try expanding settings and privacy and use the search bar inside Privacy Center to find generative AI. Also, if you manage multiple meta products, you'll need to submit an objection for each product separately. Finally, policy pages do change over time. So, if a label has moved, use the site's help or privacy center search to jump to the same AI article and the your right to object link. And that's how you stop Meta from using your personal data for Meta AI through

  Top Comments:
  1. @1337g0m3z [5 likes]: feb 12, 2026, the “your right to object” is no longer found on that page.
  2. @stephvenerus1497 [2 likes]: why can't I find the right to object bar?
  3. @DawoodGS: Thanks for the update

- New Facebook policy allows Meta to do what it wants with your photos?: Kind: captions Language: en >> AS WE TURN OVER THE CALENDAR TO A NEW YEAR, WE'RE LOOKING INTO A FAMILIAR FACEBOOK POST THAT HAS REEMERGED. IT CLAIMS A NEW FACEBOOK POLICY STARTS TOMORROW. ALLOWING PARENT COMPANY META TO DO WHAT IT WANTS WITH YOUR PHOTOS. THE POST GOES ON TO EXPLICITLY STATE THAT THE USER DOES NOT AUTHORIZE META TO DO THAT AND THEN ENCOURAGES YOU TO COPY THE POST ON TO YOUR PAGE. BUT DON'T BOTHER BECAUSE THERE IS NO TRUTH TO ANY OF THIS. THERE IS NO FACEBOOK CRUEL. AND EVEN IF THERE WAS JUST PACING SOMETHING ON TO YOUR PAGE, ONE OVERRIDE IT. THE RULES ABOUT WHAT FACEBOOK CAN DO WITH YOUR PHOTOS AND INFO ARE SPELLED OUT IN THE COMPANY'S TERMS OF SERVICE AND PRIVACY POLICY. NOW, IF YOU'D LIKE TO SUBMIT A

  Top Comments:
  1. @j.dunlop8295 [5 likes]: This is exactly why I quit Faceless boo!
  2. @cherryblossomsprigatito [3 likes]: I fucking hate this change,I like my drawings to be in order
  3. @lkjyuiop1987 [2 likes]: Don’t take the jab
  4. @AndrewMColeman84 [2 likes]: I see a lot of yall just read the caption. This is what is wrong with society.
  5. @halrichard1969 [1 likes]: Good!  Since I dont have any photos on facebook there is no need to worry.  Quit Facebook and quit social media.  That will kill Meta and c ompanies like it.
  6. @karenfarmer8709 [1 likes]: I can't believe that people are still sharing this nonsense. These hoaxes have been around since, what, 2010?
  7. @NadiraDutt-w2f7p [1 likes]: HACKED BY META
  8. @jama7379 [1 likes]: Deactivated since 2019
  9. @ChrisCastillo-b1d [1 likes]: Did not
  10. @thelyon3791: Why are people still on Facebook? It's stupid now. All it is now is  just a bunch of Ads and stupid YouTube, like  road  rage videos
  11. @GatheringGloom: Get rid of every app under the Meta umbrella.
  12. @OPTIMUS_PRIME_Ls1camaro: Are they ever going to fix people’s Facebook accounts
  13. @andysummersthxcinemaandmyc7748: mark zuckerberg is human white trash and a sexual predator paedophile and should be in jail , meta are coward paedophiles yes they are they protect paedophiles on facebook
  14. @OPTIMUS_PRIME_Ls1camaro: I had a Facebook since 2006 or 2003 never a problem until 2025. I was at work looking at all my messages. What was going on for the day the next morning afternoon my Facebook Instagram was disabled mark 13 2025 I filed appeal and I never got my Facebook book out to I tried they said my phone number and my email did not match their file and I lost all my friends and I can’t get on to see what’s going on today. Car Show I like to go to.
  15. @eulogy4anange1: Anything to attack Meta ...wrong
  16. @MichaelCox-o8e4s: Look shut up Stockton CA studio😮get studio log your self mentecA ca covet since got know case work Chang t a cox mic demon Stockton CA press studio you see connect I try women messenger town keep shave hair
  17. @blitzfultime: Scum of the earth facebook c..ts.
  18. @franciscoamedina2996: Not good what fuck the govermant do this
  19. @LovelyDove-ve3wo: Yes. The lawlessnessly terrorist cyber terrorist meta is treacherous treasonous terrorist technotopianterrorist espionageterrorist.  Guilty criminal meta is the narco-terrorist. narco-criminalistics. 
Guiltily.
  20. @ChrisCastillo-b1d: Fox 10 made it on the news

- Data Privacy in 2026: What Website Owners Need to Know Before It’s Too Late: Kind: captions Language: en Data Privacy in 2026: What Website&nbsp; Owners Need to Know Before It’s Too Late &nbsp; As we approach 2026, data privacy regulations&nbsp; in Hong Kong and across the globe are becoming&nbsp;&nbsp; stricter than ever. Website owners who&nbsp; ignore these changes risk heavy fines,&nbsp;&nbsp; loss of customer trust, and even forced shutdowns.&nbsp; Staying ahead isn’t just good practice—it’s now&nbsp;&nbsp; feels like a matter of business survival. The Hong Kong web design landscape is evolving&nbsp;&nbsp; rapidly to meet new standards set by the Personal&nbsp; Data (Privacy) Ordinance amendments and alignment&nbsp;&nbsp; with GDPR-style requirements. ANGLIA has already&nbsp; helped hundreds of local businesses future-proof&nbsp;&nbsp; their online presence with privacy-by-design&nbsp; principles baked into every project. Key changes coming in 2026 include mandatory&nbsp; data protection impact assessments, stricter&nbsp;&nbsp; cookie consent rules, and clearer requirements for&nbsp; cross-border data transfers. Even small e-commerce&nbsp;&nbsp; sites must now appoint a Data Protection Officer&nbsp; if they process significant amounts of personal&nbsp;&nbsp; data. A single oversight can trigger penalties&nbsp; reaching millions of Hong Kong dollars. Modern website design in Hong Kong now demands&nbsp; features such as granular cookie banners,&nbsp;&nbsp; encrypted forms, automatic data retention&nbsp; policies, and easy-to-find privacy policy&nbsp;&nbsp; pages. Search engines are also beginning to favour&nbsp; sites that demonstrate strong privacy practices,&nbsp;&nbsp; meaning compliance can actually&nbsp; improve your SEO performance. ANGLIA’s team stays ahead of every&nbsp; regulatory update so you don’t have to.&nbsp;&nbsp; From secure e-commerce solutions&nbsp; with built-in GDPR/PDPO compliance&nbsp;&nbsp; to custom enterprise platforms with&nbsp; advanced data minimisation controls,&nbsp;&nbsp; we build websites that protect both your&nbsp; customers and your business. Don’t wait for the next amendment or the next&nbsp; fine. The smartest website owners are acting&nbsp;&nbsp; now—reviewing their current setup, closing&nbsp; gaps, and partnering with a trusted Hong Kong&nbsp;&nbsp; website design agency that truly understands&nbsp; data privacy in the digital age. Ready to make your website 2026-proof before the&nbsp; deadlines hit? Reach out to ANGLIA today for a&nbsp;&nbsp; complimentary privacy compliance audit—because&nbsp; peace of mind should never be an afterthought.

- The Viral Facebook Privacy Notice That Does NOTHING Legally: Kind: captions Language: en Every so often on Facebook, I see a post like this floating around. And I love the idea behind it. I love that people are thinking about protecting themselves, protecting their data and their digital footprint. The idea behind this is simple. People believe that if they copy and paste this notice onto their profile that they can legally stop Facebook or Meta from using their photos, their posts, or their personal data. This post right here even claims that a legal spokesperson recommended sharing it and that failing to post it means that you're giving permission for your data to be used. So, the purposes of my post here is basically to create a legal notice for you all. Almost like people think they're asserting their rights publicly. By the end of this post, you're going to understand why that notice has no legal effect and you will understand what you can do to protect yourself. So, let me explain why this Facebook privacy notice does nothing. Okay, you already agreed to the terms when you made your account. So when someone signs up for a Meta Platform product like Facebook, Instagram, they agree to the platform's term of service and privacy policy. Those agreements, they already govern how your content can be used. They already govern how data is processed and also how AI systems analyze content. a unilateral Facebook post. That's what this is, a unilateral post that nobody else agreed to except you. It cannot override a contract that you have already accepted. In contract law, one party cannot change the terms by posting something on their profile. That's just not how contract law works. Secondly, Facebook being a public company is not relevant. The post here claims that Facebook Meta is now a public entity. Even though Meta Platforms is publicly traded, that has nothing to do with user privacy rights. Publicly traded simply means that it shares trade on a stock exchange and it has public shareholders. That's all it means. It does not convert the platform into a government entity or change your contract with the company. Thirdly, posting a notice like this does not create legal protection. In law, a declaration like I do not give permission to use my data only matters if it's recognized by the governing agreement or statute. So a random post like this on your page isn't served to the company. It's not incorporated into the contract that you have already agreed to and it's not legally binding in any sense. It's similar to writing a rule on a sticky note and assuming a company is bound by it because you put it on their door. The 60 Minutes post here or the 60 Minutes said to post this claim that that's false. Uh that's just not true. You see here it says that right there 60 Minutes did not say that. The viral post often references 60 Minutes, but there is no episode advising people to post this notice. That doesn't exist. It's just a recycled social media hoax that has circulated really widely since like 2012 with the wording changing over time. The real ways to control your data if you want to protect yourself on Facebook is like this. If somebody really wants to limit data usage, the real tools are your privacy settings, limiting profile visibility, downloading your data archive, deleting content, and finally deleting your account. Those, my friends, are the only methods that interact with the platform's actual policy framework. So, I hope this was informative. If you have questions, drop them. Stay clean. Stay up.

- Global Data Protection Trends and Stricter Regulations 2026!: Kind: captions Language: en Hi and welcome to day tables channel. Today we are going to explore the web of legal requirements and learn the ways for businesses to navigate them. New data protection acts and amendments to existing ones are becoming stricter in 2026 and the previous year show the importance of data security as well as highlighted loopholes and existing regulations. That's why all over the world from the USA to India, from Europe and the UK to Australia, policies are becoming stricter. The main trends include the rise of requirements regarding processing and storing personal data of miners under 16 and AI models training. Businesses that operate across the globe now must consider different areas laws and stick to them. Also, companies must be complained not only with papers but they are expected to prove their policies map to the real situations. Another important fact is that new laws and amendments will be appearing constantly. So, businesses should stay on high alert and be ready to react fast. There are several steps you can take. First use trusted sources like the global privacy law or DPA directory issued by IA or data protection laws of the world by DA Piper. They will help you know what laws exist and what applies to you so you can adjust your internal policies and processes to fit. Develop clear processes for incident reports, data subject access requests, data protection impact assessments and others. This will help you react to situation quickly. Undergo audits and be complained in actions, not only in words. Pay attention to the tools and platforms you use. Opt for legal instrument that allows you to build resilient infrastructure with enforcement or identity first security and least privilege access rules especially if you operate in regions with the strict requirements while developing processes and workflows. Remember that new regulation are likely to appear so leave room for improvements. Consulting local data protection authorities or lawyers is another option, especially if you plan on expanding to new markets. This will save you time, help you understand what laws apply to you, and make sure you comply with them. It's way faster and cheaper than paying fines or rebuilding your reputation. Finally, remember that data protection laws not only create new responsibilities for you, but also mean more safety for your data. So, let's be mutually protective over sensitive information. So, that's all for today. Thank you for your attention. If this video was useful, give it your thumbs up and leave a comment so more people will see it and stay informed. And see you in the next two videos.

  Top Comments:
  1. @123-r9g8y: In the rotating feature, how can I control the proxy rotation time?
For example, I want to automatically get a new proxy every five minutes from a country that I choose.

- If You Run Facebook Ads... ROAS Doesn't Matter in 2026.: Kind: captions Language: en Chase just dropped this video and I got to tell you, it stopped me in my tracks. I'VE BEEN TELLING him this since THE DAYS OF CLUBHOUSE. ANYWAY, AND FOR those of you that want the receipts, LIKE I'VE BEEN selling this merch, THIS FOR 5 YEARS NOW. I cannot believe THAT CHASE HAS SAID THIS about Roz. So, with that being said, let's start the video and dive on in because this should be juicy. DAMN, DANIEL. BACK AT IT AGAIN WITH THOSE WHITE VANS. IN 2026, rorowaz is one of the most misunderstood metrics in Facebook ads right now. And optimizing for it is exactly why a lot of advertisers can't scale. Now, I know that sounds a little different than what you have probably been taught. And at my agency, we manage over $600 million in ad spend. And I'm inside ad accounts all day long with some of the biggest brands and creators that you shop with online. And in today's video, I'm going to explain why only optimizing for rorowaz in 2026 is going to keep you from scaling and what to do instead. So, what is rorowaz? ROAZ stands for return on ad spend. So if you spend $10,000 on ads and make $40,000 back, you would have a 4x rorowass. And it tells you what you get in return on the money you invest in Facebook ads. Not true. So I want to put 60 seconds on the clock. And this is a note to the editor, which is me, for later on to put it up here. Okay, we're going to explain rorowaz. Okay, cuz that's not actually true. What he's talking about here is either attributed rorowaz or me. Neither of it is actually the amount of money you get back from your Facebook ads. Okay. All right. Let's do it. Rowz is revenue divided by ad spend. And that is a fraction. The top number is how much revenue we attribute to that ad. But that only works if the ad is the only touch point in the customer journey. Since no ad frequency is ever just 1.0, we know that everyone's being retargeted and that probably happens over a few days with more than one ad. So we can't assign 100% of the credit or attribution or revenue to that one ad or even to that one platform if we have Google or emails potentially double counting sales. That means the revenue number isn't totally accurate, nor is it totally incremental. Meaning that sale is probably showing up on other reports being reported as revenue there, too. Because the customer journey is more than one ad on more than one day, that ad spend today isn't the only reason that sale occurred. If you were to turn off your ads today, odds are you probably get at least one sale tomorrow with essentially infinity rorowaz. So return on ad spend is an inaccurate number divided by another number that isn't the only reason that it happened. And that is terrible math. It's not even measuring profit. A 5x rorowaz on a $10 CPA is less than half of the profit of a 2x rorowz on a $100 CPA. That's a $40 GPT versus a $100 GPT. Okay. So, returning on ad spend, optimizing for that is trying to optimize for how much credit for the sales that happened instead of optimizing for the total number of sales that happened instead of optimizing for more revenue. ROAZ isn't money. It's a scam. Full stop. Now, I hope you're enjoying watching this video as much as I enjoyed making it. And I want to take a moment and just say thank you for watching it. Go ahead and smash the like button. Subscribe to the channel if you haven't already. Ring the bell so you don't miss any future videos. And take a moment to join the disruptor academy where you can get for free all the assistance that you need, all the things that we talk about in this video. There's a link right there. All right, with that being said, let's get back to it. Right. So, why would I say not to optimize for a high return in ad spend? Because rorowaz only measures how efficiently you convert existing demand. >> Not true. You can get rorowaz on cold traffic. So no, >> it >> pushes Facebook to chase the easiest sales which caps scale and kills your long-term growth. This >> not if you have new customer as an optimization event inside of your ad account. And honestly, do you care if somebody comes back and buys again? Do you really get buttth hurt if your LTV goes up? And ultimately, if you can spend more money because your revenue goes up and that allows you to increase your budget and reach more people, isn't that the whole point of the game? I don't know, Chase. like this is um I was so stoked, but let's see where you're going. I'm going to let you cook. >> This is so incredibly important. I haven't seen anyone on YouTube talk about this. In fact, fact, inside of Ads Mastery, where I privately mentor brands and creators, we hands-on execute on highle stuff just like this. So, when you optimize for rorowaz, the algorithm overly focuses on people who are already close to buying. that looks efficient in the short term, but it limits reach and starves new customer growth. But what it really does is creates an invisible ceiling that prevents the ad account from scaling long term. And optimizing for rorowaz teaches Facebook to avoid risk and only chase cheap, high intent buyers, and it stops testing new audiences, new creative, which slowly drives up future demand and causes your growth to stall and flatline. All of my private clients across all of my businesses know how much we preach about net new customers in our systems. So now that we know why we shouldn't optimize only for rorowaz, let's look at what we should do instead for 2026 to scale. So I want you to ask yourself this. How much growth did I miss out on by only optimizing for a high return in ad spend? This is where everyone gets stuck and can't scale. So what do we want to do instead to >> what you want to do instead? I'm going to make my point and then let Chase do his thing. Um, there are three big pieces that I'm looking for instead of just the attributed margin on a transaction according to last touch on one of the many marketing channels we have. First, we have to optimize for second purchase rate. If you're not optimizing for the customers that are most likely to come back and buy again, you are a salesperson for a factory in China, you do not own a business. E-commerce is lead genen. The first purchase is just a lead. You haven't bought a customer yet. you've just been paid to acquire a lead to see how well the rest of your business does at getting that person to come back. If you want to scale your business, if you are only able to get somebody to buy once, you will struggle dramatically. If you are a hunter trying to survive on what you can catch, kill, and eat today, you can thrive. You can live a meaningful life in a cave. But if you're a farmer, you can feed a thousand hunters because you figured out how to get more than one bite at the apple. You can grow demand, you can generate cash flow, and you get away from silly things like return on ad spend according to attribution and then trying to understand which ad gets credit on which platform and which order and that whole mess which is an unsolvable problem. And you start focusing on how profitable are my new customers, how many of them can I get and how many of them are likely to come back and buy again, can I get more of them to come back and buy? Can I shorten the window and can I make each one of those customer journeys worth more money? That's how you actually scale a business. Improving the profitability of the business model and then using ads to amplify the volume of that opportunity. Now, the other thing that you should be focused on is prioritizing the best possible customers when you sell things. So, it's not just selling everything at a profit. It's understanding what your goal is. Are you trying to get the person who's most likely to come back and potentially even lose money on them today, or are you trying to get the customer who's likely to spend the most money today? So, if you have a high GPT offer, something like what we talked about in the rebuttal upsell in the last video that we did on this channel on retargeting, and we'll drop a little thing on it over there. There's a little card at the upper hand corner. Cool. In that, we talk about how you can increase the LTV and even beat it on the first sale if your offer construction is proper. And those customers are far more likely to come back and buy from you again. So what that does is it increases the AOV, increases the gross profit per transaction that allows you to invest more in the acquisition of cash flow cycles that ultimately weaponizes the gap between AOV and CPA. And the number of times you can achieve a gap between those two numbers is literally the profit and the revenue in the business. It's volume times the gap between CPA and AOV. It's volume of transactions times gross profit per transaction. You can game that by getting more transactions to bring down the blended CPA. You can game that by pushing up the AOV. Ultimately, those are really your only choices. If you're optimizing only for who gets the most credit, you're going to be stuck. So, for that, I believe it and I love it. Now, the biggest thing that I want to tell you is the more ads you run, the more dissimilar all of your traffic will look. So, the less likely anybody is to convert on your landing page. And all of the decisions you made for CRO and search and email today are completely undermined if all of your ads look different tomorrow or if you're promoting a different product tomorrow. If you're attracting the attention of a different person tomorrow. If you really want to optimize for new customers, don't make the scammy mistake of trying to look at the engagement breakdown at the audience segments. Don't exclude all your existing customers and anybody that's ever possibly touched your funnel. Have new customer as the optimization event at the adset level. And if you don't have a new customer conversion event, you can use some fun tools like Ammerst or Zapier. Or perhaps you want to use something more expensive like Blot Out or go to the people at Popsicle if you're not on Shopify. Like these are great tools to ultimately let you know your cost per acquiring a new customer so you can understand your CAC inside the machine. And I'll leave you with this. CAC, just like me, just like rorowaz is itself kind of a nonsense number. And here's why. If you get a hundred sales today and you spent $1,000. Now, if one of those transactions is a new customer, well, then your CAC is a,000 bucks. And if tomorrow every one of them is a new customer, well, then that day your CAC is 10. Because it's not actually about the cost to getting a new customer. It's about the percentage of transactions that are new versus returning. So instead of just focusing on the fake version of CAC, what I really would love for you to do is begin to look at new customer rate. That is new customer divided by total transactions. And then at the ad level, understand if you are overindexing on repeat buyers, meaning that if the majority of your revenue comes from people where it's not their first time buying, turn off the ads that are good on a CPA but worse than your business average on the acquisition of new customers. Let's say 60% of your sales are coming from repeat customers and you're struggling to get new people. Turn off every ad where over 60% of those transactions are from repeat customers. Literally scale the front end of the business. And if you can do that in a way that still keeps your blended CPA below your blended AOV, you might be less profitable today. But what you're doing is buying a whole bunch of cash flow cycles. When you're running a business, you are not trying to sell products. You are trying to buy cash flow cycles. who are buying customers and as soon as you move away from trying to sell products to buying customers, your bank account and mental health will thank you. All right, that's my spiel. Let's see uh what Dan White Dans has to say. Scale in 2026. Well, we're going to build the ad account around demand creation by optimizing for creative performance and net new customer volume. So, Facebook is constantly expanding who we can sell to instead of recycling the same old buyers. That means you're willing to accept a little bit lower of a short-term rorowaz in exchange for more customers, more attention, and a bigger, more scalable business over time. And this is how the big brands are built. I8 Health went from 0 to $100 million in a year. Grunes from 0 to 500 million in two years. Skiims, road, AG1, Blenders, Pelaton, Carpay, they all understand this. They all optimize for the acquisition of cash flow cycles. They are not trying to get anybody to buy at THE BEST ROW. THEY'RE not even trying to optimize for the greatest profitability on rorowaz. They're trying to optimize for the customers that are most likely to buy again and again. And they're investing the revenue of the repeat customers to amplify the volume of new customers that come in. Those businesses and I know only because I've helped work with some of them. The number one math that they're focusing on, they all get it from Guthy Ranker and and one of my old bosses was the VP at Guppy Ranker behind Proactive and Ginsu. Let me tell you the math. It's really simple. Use a percentage of your reoccurring customer revenue as your ad spend. Focus that ad spend on the acquisition of new customers as much as possible. Scale. That's the entire plan. That's it. You're not excluding people. You're not running a thousand offers. What is the single best way of getting somebody to come back and buy from you again? run all of your paid media that is funded by the repeat customers that you have to go get more people that look exactly like that. It's a misnomer to say that the machine is always going after the same people. It's going after the same kinds of people. And in fact, that's really good for you because it allows you to optimize for everything after the click. And let's be clear, Facebook is the top of the funnel. Even a bottomfunnel ad on Facebook exists well higher in the funnel than email. It is the source. It is not the rest of the customer journey. And it might do a lot of work to get somebody there. But the vast majority of your profit is going to be made from the folks who already bought. In fact, the least profitable transaction you will ever have is the acquisition of a new customer. So if you can afford that because you're amplifying the volume of revenue that you get from repeat customers. This is what we call the revenue floor. If you can scale the revenue floor and your ad spend is only a percentage of that revenue floor, then you will always be able to scale your ad account regardless of what the rorowaz is. You don't care. It's about the percentage of new versus returning customers and making sure that your adoption outpaces your churn. And that way your revenue floor goes up, so your ad spend goes up. That's how you scale a business. I've built multiple eight figureure business ad accounts in that way. I've helped multiple brands get to nine figure exits doing that exact thing. And Chase, I'm glad that you're like ALMOST WILLING TO SAY THAT EVERYTHING YOU'VE TOLD PEOPLE to do for years is wrong. But let's see where you go. Real quick, if you like this video, please go ahead and like this video and subscribe so you don't miss anything else. And share it with all of your friends. YouTube loves that and it's how we help put fact to fiction so that everyone can see more success and less stress. Also, check out Disruptor Academy. We just launched a brand new course on Andromeda 1. Literally souped to nuts. Everything you need from setup to scale, automated rules for low budgets, high budgets, literally everything you need to see more success and less stress. The link is right there. All right, that being said, let's get back to it. And now you will, too. The goal is not the highest rorowaz possible. The goal is the lowest rorowaz that you can afford at the highest volume you can handle. All right, so here we are inside of a Shopify store. And as you can see, this brand over the last 12 months, they were stalling on growth, bouncing between 70 260 200 around a 260 monthly mark and growth had flatlined for the first half the year and they couldn't break out and they were getting a good return in ad spend 3 to 5x rorowaz and they were happy with the overall results they were seeing in ads man hold on a second if you're watching this video pause it I so desperately want to say something but I'm going to see if Chase calls it out WE'RE GOING TO KEEP it 100 can you see the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that we're about to get served can you see the giant shovel coming out of the cow's ass that he's about to give us. Now, maybe Chase doesn't call it out, but comment down below with the simple twoword phrase that exposes the sales pitch he's about to lay on us. I haven't seen this video, so maybe he's keeping it 100, but that wouldn't be on brand, but they couldn't figure out why they couldn't scale. And as you can see here, the second half of the year, their sales have absolutely exploded and have gone all the way up to 758K just last month. And just what happened last month. Oh, wait, wait, wait. Let's see if it keeps at 100 to show you what this looks like. The main culprit for this is because they're not acquiring enough new customers in their >> really that's the main culprit. That's why the e-commerce business that you're showing on Shopify in the month of October, November saw way greater SALES VOLUME. DIDN'T SAY PROFIT HAS NOTHING TO DO WITH say with me children. Say it with me crowd. If you're one of us, you know it's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] BLACK FRIDAY. WHAT ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT? AND THAT'S NOT EVEN PROFIT. THAT'S TOPLINE SALES. YOU COULD HAVE LOST MORE MONEY. YOU COULD HAVE SPENT $10 million to see that bump. BUT IF YOU'RE NOT SHOWING THAT, then it DOESN'T MATTER. CHASE, COME ON. WE'RE NOT STUPID. Do better. on all the way up to 758K just last month. And just to show you what this looks like, the main culprit for this is because they're not acquiring enough new customers and their Facebook algorithm has latched on to the existing customer base and is starting to squeeze all of the new customers down and only focus on the customers who are spending the most with them. This >> So again, if you were watching new customer and new customer rates and that were true, which might very well be the case, you just turn off those ads. Simple. There are no victims in this classroom. You can weaponize the ad delivery choices. If all of your ads constantly go after repeat buyers, turn it off so you get more new ones. I mean, that feels pretty straightforward. Let's keep going. Cause a flatline on your metrics and prevent growth. So, whenever we look at this, you can see they have a very high returning customer rate. And most people would say this is amazing, which it is, but the problem with this is we're not bringing in enough new customers. And so if we just end up reversing this to where we get the algorithm to only focus on acquiring new customers with a little bit lower of a rorowaz, you can see the cells will flip. And these now returning customer rate, I appreciate that. And the reason it looked like that is because of a greater percentage of new customers. And what you really want to do is understand what is the optimal range. Is it 30 to 35% of your revenue should come from repeat customers? Is it 60? Is it 10? I like that we're looking at this, Chase. I wish you showed profit, but hey, look, it's a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] in the armor and I appreciate it. >> Charts begin to inverse because now the algorithm is going after new customers and we're able to rapidly scale spend and break out of this flatline. Here's another one where the returning customer rate is at 30%. And their sales were flatlined for those first few months here. During Black Friday, they reached a lot of net new individuals and they probably ran a bunch of emails beforehand and then they dried up the pool of existing customers and got a whole bunch of new ones. Man, rewriting the playbook here, Chase. Sorry, I I don't know why I'm on one today. Usually I try to be, but whatever. It's it's where we're at today, people. I keep it 100 with you. >> And to break out of that, that just reverses. We focus on new customer acquisition. Returning customer rate goes down and sales absolutely explode. So, a lot of you have a really good returning customer rate of, let's say, 60%. And this is great because you're getting a ton of your customers to come back and buy from you again and again, but it's stagnating your growth because the algorithm on Meta is getting locked in on those same existing customers. So, what you want to do is is be able to acquire new customers and get the algorithm to shift in that direction. Because once you inverse these charts, you'll begin to see that your sales will rise because we're bringing in new customers. Meta is now focusing on acquiring those new customers. And then because you have a good returning customer rate already, it's stacking month over month, which not if those new customers look and behave differently than the old ones because you launch a ton of new ads. In fact, I see a lot of brands spiking revenue, tanking repeat customer rate, and then in Q1 struggling to pay their bills. Um, let's keep it 100, Chase. Just I'm I'm here as traffic cop today. Let's have some fun. Which allows us to begin to scale again. And most of you will get stuck in this track where this will be flatlined for an entire year. And although your rorowaz looks great, your KPIs look great, it's because the algorithm is secretly stuck in this period of only going after those same buyers over and over again. And we're just not reaching enough new people. So what because you're not tracking new customer at the ad level and then optimizing for your new customer rate, the inverse that being the return customer rate, that's the output of the what the metric we are tracking of new customer rate gives us. New customer rate in the dashboard is the input. return customer rate and volume is the output. So that's all 100. I appreciate it. I wish we'd seen total ad spend because we have no idea if that was even profitable or if those customers are going to come back again. That's a whole side note. Anyway, let's keep going. What are the common reasons that this would end up happening? Well, you don't have enough segmentation. So therefore, the algorithm continues to show back up in front of the same people because Meta knows if somebody's right on the ledge of being able to buy or has already bought from you again and is more likely to buy again. If the goal is rorowaz, the algorithm is automatically going to go for that lowhanging fruit, which prevents you from reaching those new customers. The second thing that is a culprit for this is if you're sending out emails and you don't have that segmented and excluded from your audience, well, Meta is now taking credit for those email blasts where you generate a ton of sales, making it look like you have a good return in ad spend, but in reality, you're still not acquiring those new customers and growing. All right, remember how I said rorowaz is a fake number because of the duplicity of the attribution of the revenue? That's what we're talking about. I appreciate you bringing that up, Chase. All >> right, so how do we fix this inside of your Facebook ads manager? The first thing is we want to exclude and segment out current customers and existing ones. So you'll add in your email list of current customers. You'll add in anybody who's engaged with your website and start excluding all those people. So that this is going to dramatically increase your CPMs. It will give you a short boost on your CAC because the higher percentage of your sales is going to be new customers and is going to be profitable right away because there is some low hanging fruit around it. However, you are not feeding it nearly as much data as you are taking out. So after two months, 3 months, this will completely tank. And that's one of the most common complaints I get from folks that have seen done the M3 method or that have followed Ben Heath stuff or that our former Chase clients when I get them into Disruptor Academy and the NBA program, that's the same thing that we see over and over again because you're actually starving the machine of understanding who the most involved people are. And engagers makes no sense. I've never understood this. If somebody likes your Facebook post, why should they never see an ad to buy? That That's crazy. If I watch your Instagram reel, you're never going to try to show me an ad to convert me, even if I've never bought before. And again, if you just tracked which ads are better at getting existing customer attention versus new customer attention by the actual percentage of transactions that occur at that ad level, something you can do with Zapier for like pennies a day, you never have to face this problem ever again. That way, we can only focus on net new customers to train the algorithm to go in that direction. The next thing is is we're going to make creatives with specific offers for firsttime buyers and discovery and education and product demo based videos. So that way we're educating and building up that moat to start driving more new people into our funnel. So that way we force the algorithm to start going after new customers and allowing us to be able to stack our growth month over month going forward. So if you're inside your ad account, what you want to do is ensure that you >> are we using interest groups in this the year of our lord 2026. I do appreciate by the way if you look where it says switch to recommended setup threequarters of the way down. He's not using advantage plus. He's uh further restricted the ads. Further refine your reach. whatever that button looks like. Your copy might be different, but he's basically gone back to the OG version of the ad build instead of the advantage plus version. And you can see his advantage plus mode. Uh this thing is in learning and uh he is not currently in an advantage plus state. So anyway, interesting. But really interest groups, Chase, come on. What are you doing? you actually segment out all of your current website visitors and past purchasers. So that way you get the algorithm to start focusing only on new people and then we incorporate this with creatives that are focused on new customer acquisition as well because your old creatives have all this spin built up engagement and it's all stuck on those same buyers over and over again. >> No, your old creatives ran because the performance on the platform was good. However, that message appeals to somebody who's already bought in. And if you want to scale the business, you have to go up the ladder of awareness to something that's different. Now, that doesn't mean you turn off the old ads. It just means you find what is the one bottleneck ahead of that that we can begin to drive volume of sales to. If you look at a 4PI analysis, if everything's coming in at a 1314, can you get an ad that comes in at a 1.2 on your frequency? Can you reduce your CPM by just enough to ultimately feed those ads that are already working, but with people that might not have been as sold when that ad went live? Can you move one stage up in awareness? You don't need to go all the way to the top of the funnel. There are bigger brands than you that will spend more than you do in a year, in a day. They're doing plenty of prospecting for you. You just need to be a better choice when somebody wants to buy. Because remember, the reason people buy DTOC is because they're making a choice for themselves. Otherwise, they would go to Target or to Best Buy or whatever else. The reason they're going DTOC is because they want something around themselves that is personal, that is better than just offtheshelf, out of the big box. That choice means that you can now position the big box option as the enemy in any way that amplifies your unique selling proposition. And if it's price, so help me God. There are billionaires that can afford to just destroy your business on price. You can never compete if that is your selling point. So to fix this, one of the things we can do is go to custom audiences and start excluding some of these people by excluding all website visitors in the last 180 days. And we exclude those that way the audience can only focus on people that we have never reached before. So if I ever just click on your Instagram like link in bio once, I'm never allowed to see an ad for six months. THAT THAT THAT RINGS is ridiculous when we say it as a sentence. I hope. And then we just tailor all of our creatives to new customers only where it's education based, product based, demoing it. So that way we can educate more people, drive more discovery, and get more new people into our funnel to be able to convert. What he's talking about is building ads that sit higher in the funnel. Ads that according to a 4PI analysis would have a lower CPM and a lower frequency. And he's not wrong. But again, you can just measure the efficacy of that against the percentage of new customers if you have the new customer conversion event. The idea of excluding anybody who might have accidentally hit your link in bio or ever liked any post of yours on Instagram is crazy. Which allows us to entirely reverse flat >> cuz cuz hold on a second. Remember, the machine is only going to show the ads to the people that are interested in your content. So, only people that are interested in buying are going to see your ads more than a few days. Only people that have shown intent. Now, maybe their existing customers are going to buy anyway. Okay, turn off the ads that overindex against those individuals. Just just move your ad account further up. Launch a 322 in your flex ad set inside of your Andromeda 1 aimed higher in the funnel specifically to amplify the messaging that already works. Keep your funnel congruent. Scale. Focus on that new customer rate. And then never look at somebody that says, "Oh, we made more money during Black Friday." as a reason why anything they have to say has value. What are we doing? Outlining to actually scaling. Once again, this increases engagement metrics, which are exactly what, >> by the way, none of those metrics. Let me just go back here real quick. Okay. Increases engagement. None of these things is equivalent to money. A higher CTR just means you reach less people. A link click doesn't have any intent. Video view has no sentiment. Engagement rate has nothing to do with buying awareness. And post reactions, I mean, that's basically just an output of engagement rate. That's not a video view. I mean, none of this equals money. But all of this is people who will never see an ad if they don't buy on the first touch. That is crazy. IF YOU'RE TRYING TO say the way to scale your business is get a whole bunch of people to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] at hello, you're that's a tough way to make a bucket metrics which are exactly what Meta's new systems use today in 2026 to decide where to spend your budget and how to optimize delivery. And that's far better than only optimizing for rorowaz alone, which would only reward you for cheapest conversions and never test the new creative signals themselves. When you optimize for demand creation, the goal changes. You start looking at things like how many new people saw us today? How many new customers did we acquire? This allows you to build a huge loyal fan base and forces Facebook to find new audiences, test new creative, and expand reach and scale way more profitably. >> I love the message. The extrapolation is completely off base, but love the message, Chase. I appreciate you trying to help people be successful >> to new customers. And when you optimize for demand and volume, you trade off a high return ad spin with stagnant growth for lower short-term return ad spin, higher CPAs early on, more testing and variation. But you have to look at the full picture because in return, you get a much bigger audience, a stronger brand, a higher revenue ceiling, and ultimately a way more profitable brand that scales month over. >> Remember, we don't care about the revenue ceiling. We care about the revenue floor. Top line isn't profit, it's vanity >> month. you were literally trading off a win today for a bigger win for tomorrow. And if you only optimize and focus on rorowaz, you stay efficient, but you stay small. And if you optimize for demand and net new customers, you build a brand that actually scales. So there you go. And I guess we have a little bit of a bait and switch on our hands, but hey, it's Chase. I don't know that we're terribly shocked by that. Ultimately, I appreciate the fact that he's talking about volume and lower efficiency to get more money. I totally get it. I've never understood why people flex on the Rolex. I GOT A 5X ROS. I'M LIKE, HOMIE, DOUBLE YOUR BUDGET. IF YOU CAN DOUBLE YOUR BUDGET AND come in at a three, you're just making more money. So, that being said, I just want to say thanks Chase for again making this really easy to help people see fact from fiction. And if you want to know how to build your best campaign to maximize the volume of profit, there's the step-by-step guide. Literally everything you need to know to set up Andromeda 1 and SCALE INTO 2026. FIRE your agency, scale the bank account, see more success, LESS STRESS, ENJOY MORE TIME IN YOUR DAY AND MORE MONEY IN YOUR BANK ACCOUNT. And until next time, I'll see you on the internet.

  Top Comments:
  1. @davidklein4980 [3 likes]: It's crazy to me how Charlie is the only one dropping truths about ROAS, difficulties in accurate attribution, blended CPA, unit economics. Prior to being recommended to follow Charlie, I had a feeling there was a gap in my understanding, thank the universe 🙏 I found Charlie T
  2. @danielsirotzki1354 [2 likes]: He cracked the code of how to get rich on scale 
Black Friday & Christmas 
Mind blowing 🤯 lol
  3. @mikitadesyatkov [1 likes]: The amount of honesty in this video is incomparable… rare finds. Thank you, Charley for being transparent as possible. 🤝
  4. @PrateekKarnOfficial [1 likes]: How to become your intern?
  5. @GuaranteedPPC [1 likes]: MER ratios are the real metric that eCom owners in the known are using (and have been for a few years now).  This allows you to scale easier than anything else when you set one, and follow it all the way up.
  6. @maksmajewicz9499 [1 likes]: Hi Charlie, I love your video and i watch every single one! I run lead gen ads for my marketing agency basically offering free marketing audit for filling out instant form, I set the targeting fully broad and launched three different ads into one adset into one campaign because its fresh account. Is this an correct setup?
  7. @Aryangarg730 [1 likes]: Hey charlie , thoughts on how to source unquie sku for a kids education brand ? china sourcing is that good option (want to source new 10 skus )

and how to produce content with a short team of 4 ..  Whats your hiring guide ?? offline or online , , like brands create employee generated content these days for that we need guys in the office but how to find talented people in  india .
  8. @Ag03-y6p [1 likes]: what kind of variations to put in a flex ad ?

3 hooks of the same concepts 
3 different concepts 


and we have one ad with 3hooks - and we can create 3 flex out of it (like with a talking head , one without it and one with a different creator ) should be do that ??? is it a worth full text my lord ??

Rest charlie love you !!!!!
  9. @navjotsingh9796 [1 likes]: I also don't like to make the exclusions, but tracking for new customers is difficult with events.
I launched the sales campaign with no exclusions; 85% of spending is going to existing customers, but none are engaged or new.

I also launched a campaign for the newly launched product. All the spending went to the existing audience, but none are engaged or new.

How should i solve the problem without making exclusions.
  10. @mechimansilla [1 likes]: You crack me up, thanks man you're the best educator BY FAR
  11. @davidklein4980 [1 likes]: And another thing! Charlie is right ✅️ Gurus out there complaining because orders are coming from existing customer? If purchase frequency is going up due to my add....thats great! Game on
  12. @eduardocovil [1 likes]: Charleeeey, I want to give you money, please accept me in your Skool community! haha. It has been a week.
  13. @BarbaraHaratyk-u2t [1 likes]: champion 😁💪
  14. @MetaverseMarketing [1 likes]: it's f'n bf 😂
  15. @chordkeys [1 likes]: Someone please help. Running 2 campaigns in 2 different countries groups. In 1 campaign 1 ad gets turned off with the delivery status - not delivering. I'm not sure if meta turned it off. I'm confused. However, no conversion on the ad after spending 80usd. Same ad in other campaign got good conversions. I'm confused
  16. @travisjharding [1 likes]: Great stuff, but how does this change when your business IS largely a once-in-a-lifetime purchase i.e. genetic testing. Your genes don't change...
  17. @kiranfmm6519 [1 likes]: Why meta leads are not quality. Mostly junk leads
  18. @marvinespina_ecom [1 likes]: “I haven’t seen anyone on YouTube talk about this”

and I’m over here wearing my F*CK ROAS shirt I got from Charley over two years ago… 🤣
  19. @scottraley5927 [1 likes]: Haha this advice is dangerous for bootstrapped brands that I work with in Ecom. The reason actual practitioners like Sam Piliero are winning right now is because they show the metric that pays the bills consistent LOW Cost Per Purchase around $30 to $40, not just ROAS spikes during Black Friday.

Here’s the reality for my students and 99% of e-commerce founders We don’t run on venture capital. We can’t ‘wait for LTV’ while bleeding cash on a $100 CPP. When you’re selling a $100 AOV product, you need a $20-$40 CPP to maintain 30-40% margins and stay alive in months 1-3. That is the only standard that matters.

Show me a live student account hitting a stable $30 CPP over 90 days not a Q4 screenshot with hidden ad spend. Haha 

Until then, telling people to ignore high costs for ‘theoretical long-term value’ isn’t advanced strategy it’s how you bankrupt a small business!!!! Charley advice is always terrible until he can back it up showing a real student ad account crushing it with his one campaign method but that will never happen.
  20. @CTtheDisrupter: Work with me - https://www.disrupterschool.com/DA-YT?video=tY5d1NbYH8w
Disrupter Tools to Scale & Optimize - https://www.disrupterschool.com/DisrupterDispatch?video=tY5d1NbYH8w
Free Proven Meta Ad Tactics - https://www.disrupterschool.com/free-training?video=tY5d1NbYH8w

- Try Hold Solution Update Method | FB Ads Autopay Update Method 2026: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] When did I forget the wishes of my childhood? I didn't notice that when I was little, a strange wall was built in front of me. [ Singing] But [Music] Is this how life will be? [ Music][Singing] Who will give it to me and when will I break it? Some people [Music] Some people die, I know they die, then [ Music] They are still there even after they die. [ Some people [Music] Die, I know they die, then [Music] They are still there even after they die. [Music] [ Music] [Music] [ Music] I didn't think [Music] Snakes face reality in dreams, face to face [ Music] I had to say that there was not much to listen to. I didn't think [Singing] Suddenly, all [Singing] The reality of dreams, face to face, was not there to listen to. [Music] What words, when, how, [Music] Are you thinking?

- Facebook Pixel is DEAD in 2026 (Use This Instead): Kind: captions Language: en If you're relying on the Facebook pixel alone, you're going to be optimizing your ads based off of bad data. And that bad data could cost you thousands of dollars every single month. And look, I've been running ads since 2019. And I caught myself making this same mistake last month. And I wasted about $10,000 on a single campaign. And I don't want that to be you. Okay? So, in the next 20 minutes, I'm going to show you how you can set up advanced tracking using conversions API to optimize for qualified leads and qualified calls. So you actually talk to the right people that want to buy versus just tire kickers that end up wasting your money. Okay, this is crucial for anybody who is running ads to generate more leads for a service-based business or you're running an application funnel or a uh direct book a call funnel. Okay, now the big reason this is important now more than ever is because of the new Andromeda update. Okay, the Andromeda update happened about in August. I've made some videos on that in the past. I'd highly suggest watching those. But with the changes, we have to make sure we're sending the best data back to Facebook so the ads can optimize around that. So, let me jump into my account and show you the mistake I made and show you how important this is to set up the right way. All right, so we are in my ad account here and these are the two campaigns. So, one of them I did right, one of them I did wrong. Okay, the one that I did wrong is this one over here. As you guys can see, I I I spent about uh $10,395 and I messed up. Okay, I messed up because I had too many calls being reported and it was way more calls being reported than was actually happening. And I'm going to show you how to to make sure you don't do this. But let me just show you because you can see, oh man, 29 calls, $355 cost per call. That's great. But this is high. That's what I use for my attribution tracking. There's other other softwares like that. But in reality, this only actually booked me 16 calls. So it almost doubled. It almost double reported how many calls came from this set of ads. So, you can see my cost per qualified call is $2,500, right? Huge boo boo. I was like, what is going on? Right? And Facebook over here says my cost per call is $355. And you can even see the discrepancy of like cost calls that happened and calls that were qualified. All right. Last week, I made some adjustments and you can see cost per call is at 664. Qualified is is nine. 12 calls and two deals, right? And uh this is actually way more accurate. I have 16 calls reported by Facebook. it overattributed a little bit where I only have 12 calls that have actually happened. But way better, way better. Now, let me emphasize this why this is even more important. Okay, so if you have bad data, here's what's going to happen. I'm going to show you this one ad. So, this ad right here, okay, it's uh Jen screen share. Let me go ahead and pull this over. You're going to see exactly what I mean. Okay, so I messed this up big time. Okay, I had uh two calls. Only two calls happened from this one ad. Okay, Facebook thought it had eight calls. Okay, so it was like, man, you're doing so good. So what happens with the Andromeda update is based off of the output, right? So this one clearly outperformed a lot of the other ads based off what Facebook saw. So Facebook gave it more money to spend. Okay. But in reality, it didn't. It only got me two calls. So it thinks it got me eight. So it spent a lot more money than some of the other ones that probably should have got spent. So again with the Andromeda update, what happens is whatever event you're optimizing for, so for me is schedules. If you're getting a lot of pixel fires or a lot of event fires for an action, it's going to show more of that ad. But again, the problem is, well, what if that's actually not happening like this one, that ad is going to get a lot more spin. So, you can see across all of these, like all of them over reported, right? Eight calls. That was actually the closest one. Actually pretty good. The again, this one had two calls. Facebook thought I had eight. This one, Facebook thought I had four, had one. Facebook thought I had three, had one. Facebook thought had three, had two, and a client. Like, this one should have got more spent, right? because these three got the most results. But again, it's just disproportionate. So, how this works, again, I want to emphasize the importance of this, is Facebook will see what ad is actually getting you results that you're optimizing the campaigns for. So, if you're optimizing for book calls and it thinks you're getting eight calls, it's going to keep spending more on this ad. Now, what had happened here on the back end, again, I made a boo boo, right? I had the same event fire multiple times. If somebody rebooked a call, right? Right? So, if somebody rescheduled a call, that would fire the event again for Facebook. Huge problem. If they booked a second call or a follow-up call, it would fire the event again. So, in reality, I had two people and probably one of those who was very unqualified booked probably five or six calls from like reschedules or no show cancellation, then we booked them in for another one the next week. So, I had a really, I say, shitty person here that had this pixel fire way more times. So, then the ads started being put in front of people like that, right? which again led to more problems. So, I fixed that this past week again and we can kind of jump back into this account. Things look so much more stable. Okay, this is the the one ad that's got most of the spin. It's got seven calls. Guess what? Facebook says it's got seven, right? This one Loom video got one. One schedule. Facebook got one. This uh carousel got one. Facebook said one. Now, again, Facebook didn't attribute perfectly. There's some errors down here, but like overall, this is way better. Now that I'm giving Facebook the right data, it's going to start optimizing the campaigns based off of the results that it's seeing too. Okay, so this is extremely extremely important. Now, let me first just like explain to you guys what is uh pixel versus conversions API cuz what I'm going to share with you guys in this video is is going to be more conversions API of like how to set it up using go highle and zaper to make sure that again the events match uh appropriately. Now you guys have probably heard about the Facebook pixel, right? The Facebook pixel is essentially a line of code that is put on your website, right? So, if I'm over here and someone books a call with me, there's going to be a pixel that's on this page for page view as you can see. But in reality, every page is essentially something that looks like this, right? It's just a bunch of code. And when the line of code lands, like when hits a page and it has a line of code on it, that's where the pixel is installed. So when the browser loads the page, that pixel event is there and then it fires and then it pushes it back and says and Facebook sees that activity because that line of code is on your website. Okay, that at a very high level is what a pixel is. It fires from the user's browser. Now we are in a stage now where data, privacy, all that stuff is becoming more important. Since iOS 14, you can now like opt out of tracking that you can still track with UTM parameters and stuff like that. But I will say as we continue to progress through this privacydriven era, there's going to be more limitations on what events we can push back to uh Facebook. So it's going to become harder and harder to track people. Google also has mentioned before about cutting off the UTM parameters and and adding more security there too. So uh what's going to be more and more important is if it's becoming harder and harder for us to really rely off of just this pixel data line of code because essentially some of these browsers can just strip them, right? If someone uses an ad blocker as a plugin, it's going to strip it. So, it won't actually pass back to Facebook. So, that's a problem because if Facebook can't see the activity that's going on your website, it can't optimize for more of those people taking that action. So, this happened in like 2020, 2021, they introduced conversions API. And slowly but surely, this is now kind of the mainstream thing that most people are doing. And if you're not doing this, you're way behind the ball curve. You should be doing this. Okay. Conversions API sends data directly from your server back to Facebook. Okay, so this has all the information that you could possibly need even if someone is using cookie blockers or you know pulling things off, right? So essentially what can happen here is when somebody fills out a time right with their name, phone number, email and all this data from go high level that's my platform I use. I can push this data manually back to Facebook and I can actually only push back data of qualified people. And that's what I want to show you in this video is to walk through how to actually do that. Because if you're tracking just, hey, I want all leads, I want all schedules, I want all people who will fill out applications, and there's no like filtering out of of that. Uh, with this post and drama era, you're going to get a bunch of cheap leads. Okay? You have to understand the goal of Facebook is to give you or meta is to give you the event that you're optimizing for, more of that event. So, if you're optimizing for leads, it's going to give you the cheapest cost per lead. Okay? Cheapest cost per lead doesn't mean best quality. The same thing for if you're optimizing for a schedule or a complete application. They're going to give you as many as possible. That doesn't mean they're going to be good quality. So, you have to as an advertiser, as a business owner, learn how to only send back the best quality leads. Okay? We can do this with applications. We can do this by having it on the form of like an opt-in, you know, asking a question. Is this you? Yes or no? And again, only people that say yes, the pixel fires for. And we can also do, I'm going to show you in this in a second, is you can actually optimize ads based off of people who show up on sales calls and get pitches or potentially people who buy. Just depends on your overall volume. All right, but this is what you need to be doing, right? And I'm going to show you exactly how to do that. Okay, so let me just give you an example of this real quick. Right, so here is a VSSL funnel, right? So this is a 20-minute VSSL funnel. Says, you know, direct to book book a call. This is what we're running right now for a lot of our traffic. If I go book a strategy call, the calendar isn't just here, right? If I did do that with go high level, I would get, you know, that event for schedule would fire every time. But again, I don't want just all schedules. I only want people who are qualified. So I'll come back over to my ads manager really quick and I'll scroll all the way down here. Actually, it's right here, right? So cost per lead is $150, right? So 20 people essentially have filled out this form right here. Right? 20 people have filled this form out. And of those, seven people have booked calls. the rest were unqualified or like just didn't book a call. So, I'm okay with that. I expect that to be the case. I don't want everybody to book a time, right? So, this is actually eight. So, this shows applications submitted is my pixel event for if someone is qualified. So, that's actually pretty good, right? Eight people uh submit applications for this ad and seven of them booked. That's a pretty good throughput all the way through. But the goal of the funnel here is to disqualify people first, right? Some people might say, "Oh man, I got 20 leads. They weren't qualified." But that that doesn't matter at the end of the day. What matters is your rorowaz, right? This one ad uh I just launched these last week, but that one's at a 1.62 just from the past week. And this one down here is crushing at a 12x. But again, that's just because it's still early on in the process, right? But again, like I don't care about these 45 people that applied and only of those, you know, 12 people booked calls. Like I care end of the day about just the rorowaz on across the entire campaign. Okay. So again, we can optimize for just qualified people. So what happens is when this is completed, the people that are good fits will see a calendar. The people who are not good fits, we'll say, "Hey, thanks for your application." We'll reach out with you with next steps. And then if we do qualify, then we will send them a calendar invite and they will book an event will still fire. But I only want good quality people coming through, right? The second way you can do this, like I said, is you can actually just put this in the form itself. So I do have like a paid ads school group. If you guys haven't seen it, you can go ahead and check it out. It'll be in the link in the description. It's great. Um, but inside this form, you'll see I've got name, phone number, email, and then I have a question. Are you an online coach with at least 10 clients and can invest at least $1,000 a month in ads, yes or no? Well, if they put yes, the event is going to fire. If they put no, the event will not fire. This is a longer term cycle, so I don't have these ads optimized for schedule. I do have them optimized for lead, but the only event that's going to fire for a lead is if someone says yes, I'm an established coach essentially, right? So then I can start to train the pixel. Put this ad in front of more people like this, not just anybody who's going to fill this form out because man, we get people who come in through here who are not coaches at all or who do low ticket, right? Or they don't have any money to invest in ads. And it's like, well, don't go through an ads miniourse if you don't have money to invest in ads. And over time, your pixel is going to get smarter. Okay? Now, let me show you guys how to actually set this up logistically. Okay? If you guys aren't using go high level, you should be using GoHigh Level. I'm telling you right now, it is the best software for this because it's the easiest way to do it. Okay, so I have a whole folder in my goi level that is for um conversions API. Okay, so I've got a conversions API for applications submitted and again for me that's only qualified applications, right? So I've got my surveys as triggers and then I have a Facebook conversions API action here. So you can see inside of here uh you can pick your standard event. So this is a submit application and then down here you can actually also map your Facebook click ID which for this all you need to do this is important if you are using go high level to do because it'll give you better uh tracking data is if you come down to custom values and then you go to attribution and you go to latest and then you go to Facebook click ID that's going to help map the last click that that person took before they did the action you want them to take which helps Facebook realize who's who. Okay, but you'll see for each of these triggers here, this is only firing if the survey they completed is disqualified or sorry, it disqualified is false. So, it means they're qualified. So, I have that for the miniourse. I have it for the VSSL. And then I also have one on my homepage. So, again, only people that get passed back to Facebook are going to be people who have completed an application who are qualified. Now, I have that set up for a bunch of different events in here, too. I've got it set up for purchases. I've got it scheduled for a schedule call. And let me show you that the adjustment that I made to this cuz this was my boo boo last month. If you're using go high level and the trigger is appointment status is confirmed. This is my sales team's group. That's what you want. But the problem is I I tried to do this to where I was like, you know, I I don't allow re-entry. But I looked at the help docs and I discovered that doesn't matter if you have allow re-entry on or off because essentially if someone um books a new appointment, it's a new event. So the a trigger is an event. It's not based off of a contact. So, what had happened on that original campaign where I showed you there was eight calls that Facebook reported but only two happened was that this appointment status just kept changing because we had four reschedules and a follow-up call or whatever the case was. So, what I did here, again, this is value. I can't believe I'm dropping this for free right now, but the appointment status is confirmed. So, somebody booked a call with us. And then I have a condition. Okay? And this is just an if else branch. And you could do this on other platforms, too. But I'm looking to see if they have a tag for the Facebook schedule pixel fired. Okay? And if they don't have that tag, that means they're a new conversion event, right? They have not had this tag fire before. So if that's the case, then they're going to go through my conversions API set up the same way as I I shared with you guys before, but the event's name is going to be schedule, right? So that event will fire, then they get the tag added, schedule pixel fired. So if someone ever re-enters this workflow again, they will not get the Facebook conversions API pixel to fire again. And that was the issue that I had. Now I may decide to change this just for uh transparency. I may decide to change this in the future, you know, cuz if someone books a call in 12 months from now, that pixel event may not fire. Now that I'm doing this real time, I'm probably going to add another if else equation has a contact had a call within the last x amount of time. I'm probably going to add that workflow there. But for simplicity, this is this is how I have it set up right now. Okay. Now, same thing for uh let me show you guys the leads for the miniourse. So, somebody completes one of those forms, right? And then I have a condition, right? You guys saw that in the original uh ad here or like the form here, yes or no, right? So, then I have a condition of can they invest in ads or not. If the answer is yes, they fire that event. If the answer is no, we skip that event. Now, I could have the trigger only be added when somebody says yes. Like I could have the trigger is this and then the answer in here is yes. Like I could do that. I decided not to do that and still add people to a retargeting list because we still have some other offers that we can present to these people so I don't like exclude them from my remarketing campaigns. So I don't do that but I could. Okay, but that's how this one's set up here, right? So that event fires for that. Okay, so all of those events again, somebody's phone number, name, email gets passed into here and then gets kicked back to Facebook using the uh conversions API over here in go high level and the passback information is actually really really good. Okay, so this is uh the events manager where you can kind of see all the events that happen. So the ones that are passed back over there right now are all listed over here. The complete registration is the the ads miniourse one that you just saw like this one here. That one's really really good because it's immediate, right? Where submit application also really good. It's immediate and then schedule here's the reason schedule purchase and then qualified call are lower, right? So you'll you'll notice when you when I actually look at this this over here like will tell you what is triggering that event. So a page view I don't have any conversions API data that's that's hooked up with that. It's just a pixel for complete registration for submit application for lead. I have the pixel firing. So it says sent by pixel and conversions API. So, I what I didn't mention is in my setup here, if somebody does uh you know qualify, they'll hit another page like this that also has the pixel installed on that page. I'm not going to cover that in this video. That'd be like a whole another rabbit hole. But essentially, you you want to use the pixel and the conversions API together to make the event match quality even better. Here's the thing. Four events that happen within 7 days. Okay. Now coming back to this over here. That's why my schedule and purchase event and even qualified call have worse event like matching scores. So this is essentially like if the event comes through can Facebook actually find that user to get their information to then serve ads to more people like that. I don't have the pixel set up for schedule or purchase. I only have conversions API back. And the reason for that is typically if if it takes longer than 7 days for the event to happen, the attribution from the pixel is going to start to decline. So for me, you know, complete registration is the same day event. A lead pretty much same day event. Some of them I exclude, that's why it's off. But submit application, they complete the application on that page, same day event. So that's why the events are higher. Okay? But if you have an event like a call or a purchase that happens later than 7 days, I would just use conversions API. Okay? It's just going to give you better data. Okay? Now, one more thing I want to show you which is super cool. I just started doing this. Actually, two more things. You guys are staying here for this video, so you're crushing it. I'm going to share with you guys two things that can really help. Okay. So just because somebody could booked a call doesn't mean they're they're qualified even if they went through the full funnel, right? So another thing that you can do is you can also if you don't have go high level or if you wanted to make a custom event, you can use Zapier to send custom data or custom events back to Facebook. So for me I I as you guys saw a lot of the custom events that I have in here or a lot of the events I have in here are standard events, right? Standard events are the ones that Facebook already has. So purchase, schedule, lead, submit application, complete registration, and page view are all standard events. They're just events that Facebook has. But I wanted to add one for a qualified call. Okay? And you can do that with with Zapier, right? There is a Zapier Facebook uh conversions action that allows you to pass that data back to Facebook, right? So let's pretend that you know um we had a call with a client. If my closer just drags and drops this over to waiting on decision or marks the lead or tags them as qualified, that action alone and and this is this is a qualified person who showed up on a sales call, got a pitch. When the saleserson moves them or tags them as qualified, I then have them adjusted inside of goi level into a workflow that moves them over to a new pipeline stage. And this is like qualified call, right? When that change happens, then I have this zap that then pushes the data back to Facebook, right? That says, "Hey, this person, name, phone number, email, all of that stuff is a qualified lead. Go ahead and push all of their information back over there." So now, I just did this about a week or so ago, so I bulk pushed a bunch of people through it. And now what I'm going to do is I'm going to start to train this event for qualified people because if I can get even better data or put it in front of even better quality of people, it's going to help me make more money off of less ad spend. That's a really cool hack right there. Right? When a closer marks the person as qualified, you can create an action that tags them, right? And then moves them in a pipeline stage. When that happens, you can use Zapier to then send that information back to Facebook to say, "This is the type of person that we want to serve our ads in front of." Because there are people who will hop on a call and get a pitch versus people who will just fill out a form. All right, let's let's kind of close this thing out. So, again, the whole purpose of me making this video in the first place is the importance of having good data. Okay, with the Andromeda update, what we are doing is we are optimizing for events that are further along down the sales cycle, right? Not just leads, not just form submissions if we are doing form submissions or making sure we have that qualified question here so I'm not just getting a bunch of junk leads, right? The more accurate this data that that you have in here matches up to what's actually happening in in your website or or wherever you're sending people, the better Facebook can learn. Facebook is a machine algorithm learning machine. So whatever events are happening over here, if if you're getting more events that's not happening, Facebook's going to spend more money on that. So, Facebook needs to see exactly what's going on. So, if you don't have a way or if you're not tracking this at all, you're not seeing how close am I and accurate am I from these reported events, you could be wasting a lot of money. Okay, I'm telling you now, if if anything, like look through your data because I did it last last month. I thought I had everything set up the right way. And for the most part, I did, but I didn't realize that all my calls were almost double recording. And that's a huge issue, right? Huge issue for Facebook because it doesn't know what to optimize for. So, that's all I got for today's video. If you guys like this, you can smash the subscribe button for more videos just like this. If you guys do want to learn more about Facebook ads, I do have a mini course that'll be linked down in the description. Uh, it covers all of the the three main funnels that we help a lot of coaches, consultants create, the Instagram follower funnel, the DM funnel, as well as conversion ads. All right, so you go check that out. Click that link down below and I'll see you guys next week.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Al4eb999 [6 likes]: the Facebook Pixel isn’t “broken,” but it’s incomplete by itself in 2025.
Running both Pixel + Conversions API and filtering for real qualified leads is the correct, professional approach to optimize Meta ads efficiently.
  2. @kodykildea5175 [1 likes]: Does this still matter as much if you’re running IG DM ads to get people to message you first?
  3. @MariaGomez-lg2ug [1 likes]: With Andromeda, everyone's talking about consolidating all ads into one set, but how do I know if my ads are working on the top or bottom of the funnel?

And most importantly: what happens to retargeting now that we have custom audiences? Why is nobody talking about it now with Andromeda? Does it still make sense to separate prospecting from retargeting, or do we just let Meta decide the entire funnel?
  4. @rainer13-r8l: I read on reddit that guys are getting banned because they are using outside APIs - what u think?
  5. @ElijahCoombs-m2c: Fantastic video-great value as you said- I'm working in n8n- how would I build workflow that can see if tag includes schedule pixel fired-would I use postgresql or something else
  6. @Creatiove: For your leads funnel - you track the form itself with the API when they answer yes as a Lead - do you also have your pixel firing on the calendar page that only qualified leads can get to once they answer yes to the financial question on the questionnaire?
  7. @Onyavalentine: I set this up and getting qualified calls booked already which is awesome, however meta isn't deduplicating the events so I'm seeing 6 calls in the event column instead of 3 , how do I set this up properly?
  8. @aeel_yf2498: Bro did yu run 2 lead campaign or 2 engagement campaign for getting calls and messages in this video that yu shown? And did yu set any target interest audience or skip?
  9. @ItsHarryClark: So qualified calls is a good call that didnt close and a purchase is a new client?
  10. @tourccs: Leads ads right now so much expensive
  11. @DavideVaccari-g7o: Hi! Nice video!
What's the integration used on ads manager to see different attribution between Pixel and API?
Thanks
  12. @RooftopKoreansMusic: Why is this something I have to worry about??????? FB can't just place my ad in front of people like the other MILLION posts I see from people I don't follow????? I highly doubt they all went through all this to get a stupid meme post or a girl in tights at the gym in front of people who don't follow them.... WHAT IS ALL THIS?????????
  13. @mdefrat2602: Ouch, but so valuable—learning from mistakes like this can save thousands in the long run!
  14. @chrizzo7782: Amazing insight. Does anyone here knows how to do this? I have some new clients that need conversion tracking and would love to implement this new strategy.
  15. @KlaudiaKash: Is this good for product ads?
  16. @Nlight73736: With value like this you’re bound to blow up keep it up
  17. @mori181186: You dont know how capi work. Look the red icon on 17:27 in your video. 1. You dont need cookies, no javascript. 2. Your first event is allways "ViewContent". If the visitor clicks on your ad, your website should build der fbp and fbc via the fblid parameter in the url. 3. On every event, the fbc and fbp should allways the same. You should learn a little bit of programming. The fbc (clickId) is very important for meta.
  18. @Ammonialime: Interesting video, note that a CAPI connection is just as susceptible to click id stripping as a browser pixel is. The advantage lies solely in the guaranteed delivery of the event, not necessarily in the CAPI connection itself.
  19. @dustinbutzler1031: Thoughts on pixel flow?
  20. @JohnBenedictMamaril: Im a marketing guy who runs meta ads on our roofing company can you help me? we are using hubspot crm

- Facebook Ads Expert Reacts to Bad & Great Ads #5: Kind: captions Language: en Welcome back to episode five of Facebook Ads Expert Reacts to good and bad Facebook ads. And today we have a really great lineup for y'all. First off, I want to shout out to Yuki. Yuki said, "Hey, review manura grunts and space goods. So today we're actually going to be diving into these particular ad libraries. We'll start off with Manura." I guess you can say that's how you pronounce it. And just pulling them up real quick on Trend Track. This is one of my favorite softwares to leverage just to actually see the brands that are scaling. They're doing roughly 283,000 monthly visits. So, just for context, we'll do, you know, the Shopify average conversion rate. This is not specific to their store, but just in general, Shopify has an average of a 2% conversion rate. So, if I do 283,000 monthly visits times 002, that's about orders they're doing on a monthly basis. And I just see their number one product right here is $80. So, I'm just going to assume they're selling that one product. They're doing roughly around half a million month in revenue. Assuming that their AOV is 80 bucks, it could be quite higher just because of all the other products they have on their site, upsells and things like that. this brand could be well be doing 700 800k a month in revenue. Also maybe even closer to a million dollars a month if their conversion rate is higher. I've even seen conversion rates as high as four to 5% in this particular niche right here. So overall pretty solid in terms of just the metrics itself. As far as their scaling metrics and everything like obviously this brand's been growing month over month. I love seeing consistent growth like this over extended period of time. This shows there's a lot more stability in the brand. um they're growing month over month. Um they're, you know, increasing our paid advertising month over month. I hate seeing brands that have like super hard spikes and then fall flat to the ground. It just eh I don't really care for that at all. You know, it shows a lot of instability in their culture and their team and everything like that. Um and kind of shows they're kind of just, you know, basically scaling this that brand on a particular wish basically at the end of the day. Just kind of diving a little bit further into this. Traffic is good. They've been growing. Obviously, they had a huge spike November and December due to um you know, like Black Friday and Christmas and stuff. We can also see that same spike last year. We also see that their traffic fell February into March last year as well, which looks like they're following that same trend. Again, keep in mind Q4 is always the best time and depending on like the brand you are, um Q1's an okay time right there. You kind of fall a little bit towards that Q1 right there itself. Now, going a little further into this, it looks like they're selling some type of I don't know what this is. Uh, you know, raw manuka honey. I have no clue what this is. So, let's dive a little bit into this. So, let's just look at their ads. I'm going to sort it by ad rank here, which basically sorts it by impressions from high to lowest right there. And this is all going also going to pretty much keep all the like ads active as well that's been doing the best here. We're going to kind of just dive into this. So, here's one of their first ads. Let's just open up ad details here. Is this honey worth it? Looks like some honey. $99 pure high-grade man say 30% off. So, I don't really think this is a bad ad. I I wouldn't say this is also like a good ad itself. It definitely seems like more of an ad that's lowerfunnel, more retargeting here. That's probably why it's also been on for a long time and has a lot of impressions and stuff like that. It's more hitting that lowerfunnel awareness. I do love the fact that it's not just a picture of the product. They actually have something going on here to really grab your attention with like the spoon dipping in the honey. Reminds me of the old honey commercials back when I was a kid. So, I really like that aspect of it. Um, and you can also see the product kind of dripping off the spoon here, which also shows the quality of it. Is this honey worth it? This definitely seems to me that this is more like product aware stage right here where people are um, you know, at that consideration phase of like, hey, I'm not really sure if I should buy this or not. Um, and then it shows the price point right here, $170, but now you can get it for $99. Um, I would expect there being some type of advvertorial or some type of like listical page. So, let's just kind of take a look at this and see what this is. Honey with superpowers is rich in bioactive compound that supports immunity, digestion, and everyday balance. Uh, this is pretty cool. So, this actually does do a really good job of playing off of that because it's it's like, hey, is this honey worth it? and then send you to this page right here that kind of goes and uh properly positions it in your mind. Um it also immediately has a very hard um or like a big claim here. Naturally rich in bioactive compounds that support immunity, digestion, everyday balance. That's really good. I like that. I like that a lot because it's it's hitting on a lot of key things that uh improves the um perceived value of the product itself. And speaking of perceived value, this theme does also a really good job right here at increasing perceived value. It doesn't look like some dog [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] little drop shipping story someone's doing on halftime, you know. You know, they built it up real quick and bitching because they can't scale a store. It's like, bro, your store looks like trash. Um, I love the theme here. Actually, I think this theme, it looks very good. They did a very good job at keeping it premium looking and stuff. Um, and also love this background right here. And this is something honestly you could probably make an AI in like 30 seconds. Um, so that's also really powerful right there. Start your manuka journey. And then you a few different options here. I think this might be a little too quick of putting a product right in front of someone. Especially too if they're kind of like at that consideration phase. This is a great opportunity right here where I really think a listical would work better landing page where it's like five reasons why people you know use Manuka honey and then boom boom boom and go deep into that like you know increasing that perceived value because that's really the big thing here. $99 for honey. You you got to have something significantly different there. Um producing New Zealand. Oh, okay. This is cool. So, you click on this and it gives you a little bit more facts on it. Uh, not for naturally occurring antibacterial aid, inflammation support, antioxidant properties is effectively produced. Honey is more than a treat. It's an act of self-care. Very good job here at again just further increasing that perceived value. It's it's not saying, "Hey, it's delicious honey you put on bread and it's really good when you put it with your food." Well, yeah, maybe if I'm selling like a $5 bottle of honey, but if I'm selling a $99 bottle of honey, we need to position this um that's in a way that's going to increase the perceived value of this particular product. And inflammation support, antioxidant properties, effectively produced, antibacterial aid. We're just hitting on all these big things right here. The product effectively does. Cool. And it looks like it's showing off a few of their best sellers here. Okay, cool. Why Manakria is different. This is good. I love things like this going over, you know, all the key benefits of it. Other brands that don't have it. Notice how they just show the bottle because we know that bottle image and and all of us starter kit. Looks like they got a starter kit here, which is good. I don't want to go too too much deep in the landing page itself, but I just really wanted to dive into that part right there cuz I thought it was really nice. Yeah, I mean, I like this. I I I definitely think it's the honey worth it. I would really just hit on all those key things really we saw on that page but do more of like a listical landing page reason why I really want to see some of these other ads though. Like I want to see more of like uh what I say topunnel ads. Looks like we have a good founder ad right here. [snorts] Let's go and do this one. I love the visual hook here. It's like one of those oddly satisfying hooks of like something going on here and then um pulling that honey. It just looks good. Like my mouth is already watering and just looking at this lot of stuff right here. So manuka honey is very very special honey. Why though? This is a great example of the emotional and then justify with logic. Emotional it's a very very special honey. Logical. It comes from a nuc native tea tree. Okay. So it's not just any tree. It's this little tree that's native to New Zealand. It's not just made in New Zealand. It's native. So that means like it's specifically from New Zealand there. And if you don't know anything about New Zealand, New Zealand's like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I think they have like a million people total in their country right there. It's very very very small country, you know. They're they're talking about the uniqueness of this tree here. Notice how they haven't even like started pushing their product yet. Okay. Phenomenal here. I I love uh the way this founder story is being told. A lot of people [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up with the founder story because they're just like, "Hi, I'm so and so. I created this brand because I want to be rich. buy my product. I I find this ad really good here because like yes, it did talk about him for a second, but good good visual opener here. But like, yeah, we see right there, I'm Mike Bell. I'm from New Zealand, but that was a whole 2 seconds, maybe a second. But notice how it immediately goes more toward the or origin story here. And it's it's almost an interesting story, too. Like there's actually an interesting story here. It's not just like, hi, I'm Mike. I like honey. I started this this ecom brand selling honey. That's really expensive. Hope you buy my product. And notice how like all the B-roll here looks very good. Um, it's all consistent in the the theme of the B-roll in terms of the color, the style, all of that's really good. So, it doesn't look like he this actually looks like it was shot professionally. And who knows, it could also even be AI. The key thing here is that the color tone and all that stays the same to make me believe that immediately shows this interesting thing about the tree. So you're actually learning something too, which is also interesting right there because a lot of people probably have never heard of that tree. So yes, it's still about his story, but it's all the interesting things about his story. He met this person. He's a beekeeper. You know, there's like some photos and stuff like that. Again, what makes this honey different? Not honey, nature-based wellness, not just tastes good, to help people live better. Inspiring people to connect back to nature. tying it back to the the the you know like the core values of a lot of people that are taking these products lot people that are a lot more like grounded versus like people who are just like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] yeah Miami let's make a lot of money you know people that actually like care more grounded maybe a little bit more earthy than those types of people again core values of their target customer those types of people or want to stay away from like antibiotic loaded food and pesticides and all those things these to the people that like eat the was it like the organic meat and stuff like that. You literally get a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] note of where the honey was made in New Zealand. It's like uh you know if almost went to a steakhouse and they even gave me a certificate of the cow that was that was butchered in that sense what the cow's name was and everything like that you know [laughter] like literally maybe some products it doesn't work for but in this particular case like it you know these earthy people that care about the land and stuff and and being able to support that like that's all cool [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] right there that people like and customers care about. So um I like this. I think that's a a amazing founder ad because it allows you to learn something interesting about this like tree and this interesting story here. And yes, while it was about the founder, it was still providing you value and interesting facts that you likely didn't know about New Zealand and this honey tree and this unique tree and stuff like that. And the cool thing is is it was all legit. Like it was like legit trees and stuff like that that made it feel real. whereas like a lot of you guys just make up the stupidest [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] in your ads thinking it's a unique mechanism and it just looks so unbelievable that people swipe past it. Let's do this last ad here before we move on. I love this here. This is already something big. So before like I even watch this video, there's a guy right here, you know, he looks kind of earthy in that sense. here's like this backyard or mountains or you know just just wilderness looking place in the background as someone who values and not me personally well I I do value the land and stuff like that outdoors and stuff like that but obviously they're going for more like ground that people who you know again they love everything organic they love everything green you know they their perfect dream getaway is in a m uh uh out in a forest and like away from everyone just having the the woods around them and stuff like that. You know that that type of stuff right there. They're not going after little 22year-old in Miami flexing a rancid huracan in the streets and stuff like that who you know basically goes out every night, drinks, gets hung over, goes to the clubs and stuff like that, doesn't care about his wellness, puts whatever the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] he wants in his body. That's not the type of person they're trying to go after here. So, they do a very good job here at creating a video uh targeted to that person and the video hasn't even started yet. This is just more likely someone that's going to swipe past this based off the filming location and the person that's being shown in the video itself. Video is only for health consscious people. Again, literally even calling out their target audience. If you don't care about your health, this is a disqualifier. I want to disqualify the wrong people from looking at my stuff. If I disqualify the wrong people, it's going to better improve my efficiency with inside of how my Facebook ads is going to target people because I'm immediately telling people to get the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] That way, it's more it's going to, you know, they're going to swipe, they won't show the full watch time, all that good stuff. Great objection or even I would even say objection, more of a questions, right? When a confused mind says confused mind always says no. Great. one of something I learned back in the day in 2017 from one of my first clients, Edna Keefe, who's a real estate um investor and u that was her biggest saying, a confused mind always says no. So, great example here of um you know answering one of those questions there people may have. This is not a top offunnel ad. This is not a ad meant to you know bring in new people to the business. This is people that's already been to the website and are questioning a particular thing around this particular brand right here. Another great example here of more of a product to wearbased ad versus more of a top offunnel ad itself. So, you know, I call it product toear. This is also known as middle of funnel. Yeah. No, this is solid right here. I know we didn't really review too many top ofunnel ads for this one, but a lot of these ads right here very good on that product to wear stage. So, as we jump into the next one, which is Gruns, we'll try to focus more on top of funnel for you guys. Um, now Gruns is doing about 1.3 million visits per month. They're have, you know, their number one product is selling for $85. So, let's just do 13 million. So, I think there we go. And we're going to do that again by 2%. So, that's going to come out to $26,000 orders. And we're going to multiply that by $85. They're doing roughly $2.2 million a month in revenue. And I believe I have just their US store and they have a couple other stores as well. Keep in mind that's assuming we have they're hitting the average of the 2% that we're looking at. And also keep in mind that's also assuming the fact that they um are doing a 2% conversion rate and have an $85 AOV. So they could be doing more or less depending on um their actual metrics. Same thing here. We're going to ad rank. We're going to take a look at this. Uh they're running roughly 487 ads right now. It definitely looks like kind of July, June, July is their scaling period and looks like they fall off during Q4. That's again, some products are seasonal. Just cuz it's Q4 and you have a product does not mean you'll scale. Um, every brand has their seasonality times where certain times of the year they do better than others. So, it definitely looks like, hey, June, July, they do more. Um, but it looks like January this year is actually doing very very well uh for them, which you know, it looks like this is some type of I don't even know what this is. Maybe some type of uh superfood gummy. So that makes sense for January right here. Again, I have no clue what they sell or anything like that. So, we're going to go here. We're going to open up ad details. Let's take a look at this very good pattern interrupt right here. or not say like pattern interrupt in terms of like what they're showing visually, but just calling out the fact of like, bro, you're already eating candy. Depositioning immediately. They do not want this to be seen as a multivitamin or a green supplement. They want this to be seen as something else. Perceived value by highlighting the fact that it's all of these key things as well, all within one product itself. decreasing the perceived not the perceived value, decreasing the cost associated with this product because hey, it does all of these amazing things at a very lower price. So now there's a big gap in terms of value and actual price. This is when people buy. But if price is here and value is here, people do not buy because they're getting really low amount of value for how much money they make or how much money it's going to cost them. It's also like nice right there. You get a whole pack of gummies to eat. Okay, cool. So that was good. I I don't think they covered it. We'll watch this one more time, but taste, that's a really big one when it comes down to selling edible products. So, it says, "I look forward to eating this pack every single day." Um, that's kind of hitting on the fact that it tastes good. You're kind of implying that it tastes good right there if she's talking about eating it every day, which is good. Obviously, I think they could have done a little bit better, but for how short this ad is, I think they did pretty fine for this particular ad. Um, I think a product that would or an ad that would work really well for this brand right here is actually going ahead and um pushing people to street interviews specifically on taste cuz again taste is going to be a huge one right here uh for this type of product. Now they're pushing this page to a listical page. This is exactly what I was seeing for the last particular brand to really hit on. Let's just kind of quickly go over this real quick. I love listicles. Lists are phenomenal. Some of my favorite pages to run. Super super easy to do. Just take the five or six reasons why people buy from you and just highlight that so it's easier for people to consume real quick. So six reasons everyone's obsessed with grunts and feeling their best. Better poops. All day energy without the crash. A happier gut happier you. Delicious. Clinically tested and loved by millions. Uh a healthy habit you'll stick to. Trusted by 1 million plus customers. Notice how all of these big reasons there's a benefit in the headline here. So this is a headline. This is a headline. This is a headline. To make the most effective listical pages, you want to ensure that people can skim the page and read just the headlines and be like, "Oh, yeah, that's cool. Let me go buy this product." Um, people still have the option to read this if they want right here. And there will be a good percentage of people that do, but I find these headlines right here a lot of people slack on and it makes it more difficult for people to read. The other thing here I really like is that the page is kept simple. That's good. All of our listical pages are kept very simple as well. And um the other key thing is everything looks on brand in color in terms of color theme and color like psychology and stuff. All that looks really good for me as well. So very good page right here just based off of that and then I can just simply come select my product right here. Um typically when I run listicles I just redirect people to the product page just because of like the landing page software we use. It just a little bit more difficult to plug in the product right here. So, we just have a a button to where it sends people to product page and that's it. Um, nothing wrong with putting the product on the same page as well like they do here. Um, that's perfectly fine as well. And it looks like gives people a clear option auto ship or onetime purchase to produce or boost um LTV revenue and all that good stuff right there. So, overall solid ad right here. Let's just kind of keep going through here. We'll go through like one or two more. Uh probably won't have time for space goods or maybe just have a quick little check on base uh space goods. Ozimpics's new bestie help relieve bloating constipation. This is this is actually really interesting. A lot of people have gone against Ozimpic and their marketing and stuff and like presenting Oimpic alternatives and stuff. It looks like Gruns is literally positioning this more as like something to take with Ompic. So because everyone's wants Ozmpic right now instead of speaking against it, speaking against it is going to be a lot more uh costly. So, they're speaking towards it of how this is going to help out people who are on Nompic. Um, and it looks like they run this through, yeah, eating less on GMP. Here's how Grunes can help you fill your nutrition gaps. So, literally the same listical, just duplicate it, but I changed the headline right here to fit a different customer avatar. Not my typical way I'm going to go about testing listicles, but it makes sense in this particular scenario right here. So, I like this. I definitely think there's a lot more that we could spend time here on Gruns. Um, but let's go and just quickly take a look at space goods. This is the space goods I think US store for example. Um, and again they're scaling. They're increasing site visitors month over month. They did 400,000 website visitors last month times 02 comes out to about 8,000 orders with a $53 product as one of the top selling products right here. So assuming a 2% conversion rate, they're doing about $424,000 a month in revenue. assuming a 2% conversion rate and also assuming this is their AOV, which reality is not. It's probably going to be a lot higher than this. So, it's definitely gonna be a lot more in terms of revenue. Now, we're going to sort this by ad rank real quick so we can see the full scope of the picture. Oh, it looks like we have a VSSL for one of the top ads. So, let's take a look at that. >> Okay, I'm really over this. I am so over this. This is how much you have poop just in your body and not moving and stuff like that. I'm I'm tired of this. I This is a great example right here of everyone just consistently using the same mechanism over and over and over. And I do believe there's a great opportunity here to be the person that calls [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] on this and position a new mechanism in that same ad. Um that's going to be a lot more believable because I think people are also starting to realize that's fake. Okay. Extreme claim. You got all this poop stuck in your body. Here's the symptoms to like articulate the fact that you have that bloating, sluggishness, and lack of focus. Besides bloating, I feel like everyone is sluggish at sometimes and and lack of focus at some times. So, it's going to immediately make be like, "Oh [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like probably have this creating the problem for people." Now, extreme claim. Now, we're creating this problem for people. Problem food. Your digestion slows down. Food getting stuck up inside of you. Now that you're you're aware of the problem, now how do you fix it? Introducing the product. Now, highlighting all the key things in it to increase perceived value. Also want to highlight the music. I'm not sure if you guys hear this in the final YouTube video, but the music kind of starts dark and gloomy and then upbeat once the product was entered. A lot of big names right here of um you know, mushrooms and stuff like that. Very good at painting the desired picture for the rest of the ad. Notice how they're not just saying like, "Hey, you get more energy." It's highlighting all the major benefits you get and highlighting that full picture where people can get that full like scope of of what it does. So, and it looks like they're sending these people to just a product page right here. Looks like we're going to run out of time to finish this though. So, if you guys want me to dive deeper into uh Space Goods for next episode, drop a comment below. Love to keep diving into it. Thank you all for watching. Hope you guys have a great rest of your day. New episodes of Expert Reacts every Fridays. Hit the like button. Hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. Thank y'all. Hope you have a good rest of your day.

  Top Comments:
  1. @tropicxyt [9 likes]: pretty sure your editor was supposed to let us watch the ads with you, but he cut it to only when you were talking so we couldn't see the ads, just heard your thoughts on it with only a paused context lol
  2. @akilmansuri2382 [1 likes]: Valuable video! 
@Nick Theriot
  3. @Yuki-nj2df [1 likes]: Nice! Thanks bro
  4. @kemalll-s1i [1 likes]: G
  5. @kayodeajayi1 [1 likes]: Do you create separate adsets for images and videos or just keep them together?
  6. @mohammadbilal3123 [1 likes]: Nick, I run ads for local home services like plumber electrician etc... The problem I'm facing is that local technicians, plumbers, electrians comes to my ad and fill the lead form, so it's damaging my leads. How can I stop them (they don't have something related to their job on their profile, they do through their personal profile), please guide me on this...
  7. @JasdeepSingh-d3y [1 likes]: this video was all about trendtrack
  8. @AmazonPPCManagerFreeAudit [1 likes]: Let's go
  9. @tbastien50: Yes dive deeper on spacegoods and Olavita!

- Why Facebook (Meta) Ads Accounts Get Banned🚫 | How To Fix It? (2026): Kind: captions Language: en Bismillah Rahmahim. Welcome back to another video for all of you. And today we are going to talk about your most demanding topic in which I was getting so many comments from you that Osama Bhai, last time I have uploaded a video on Facebook that brother how to run Facebook ads after Android update. There have been so many comments on that video that Osama Bhai, my Facebook ad account is getting disabled again and again. So tell me some method for it. I create a new ad account and that also gets disabled. Then I create a new Facebook ad account, that also gets disabled. So what is his session? So in this lecture you are going to learn this thing. The video is going to be a lot of fun. I know you all must have liked the video. If you haven't done it yet then what are you doing my love ? Like the video. You are new to the channel, you have dropped in for the first time, if you are seeing this face for the first time then subscribe. Also, you must turn on the notification bell so that you continue to get such interesting content in the future also. Then without wasting any time let's quickly start the video. All right. So guys let's start the conversation. How can we save our Facebook ad account from being disabled? Well, why are they disabled? First of all you should know the logic that why does Facebook disable ad accounts? Only if you know the logic behind it , only then will you be able to save it. And I will also tell you practically in this lecture how to save at the end. Don't worry, you don't have to take tension. Now look, I was getting this question, Osama Bhai, I have created an ad account on Facebook and that ad account of mine got disabled. Now after that I created an ad account again and that too got disabled. Then I created a third ad account and that too got disabled. Fourth, fifth, sixth. Amazon, even if you create 1000, 1 lakh 1 crore ad accounts, Facebook still has all your data. There is information. He will continue disabling your ad account. I will keep doing it. You can make as many as you want. What is the logic behind that? Understand what the reason is. Now look, Facebook has all your data. Yes, you heard it right. Facebook knows your browser history. What do you search for ? Which browser do you use? Which machine do you use? Meaning the laptop PC is any of yours. After that, which Windows operating system are you using or Mac operating system. Apart from that, Facebook has all the data about whatever you do. Ok? So no matter how much you try, whatever you do, Facebook detects that thing and disables your ad account. So Facebook thinks that the person is doing something serious. Meaning, unethical work is being done and this guy is doing some illegal work. What does Facebook do because of this? Disables the add account. What to do now ? You have to do this. First of all, I am telling you to authenticate for those people whose ad account has not been disabled yet. I know you watch this video completely. I will tell you even if it is done for you. Even if it does not happen, then understand what those people who have not done it yet will do. When you have to create a Facebook account, you have to make it authentic, that means put your DP, post all your information in the about account, make it a real account, no one should think that the person is doing any fraud, make the Facebook page that you create on that Facebook account equally authentic, post on that page two, three, four times daily, make it authentic, go to its about account and give information, put the banner of the page, give the logo of the page, that means complete all the settings. Go to the top of that page and then create your business manager. After creating the Business Manager, do all its settings. After creating Business Manager, go and create your ad account. Do all its settings as well. I have taught you all these things in my Facebook Ads Course. By the way, if you haven't seen my Facebook Ads course yet, it might be showing up on the screen here. I will provide the link in the description box below. You can go and see. Okay, now I assume that you have done all the things mentioned in this, once you authenticate all these things then Facebook will never disable your ad account. Well, this has happened for those people, Osama Bhai, those who have not disabled it yet, you have explained to them not to do these things, otherwise if you do it then it will get disabled. Now what should those people do, they have made one, made two, made three, made four, Facebook keeps on disabling it, so what you have to do for this is to use your anti-detection browser and change your IP which we call proxy. Now basically I will tell you which proxy I use by taking you to the laptop screen. Where do I go to use it and there are multiple anti-detection browsers on it. You can use any one. Which one do I use ? Let me explain these things to you by taking them to the laptop screen. Let's go directly to the laptop screen. So guys as you can see right now I am on my laptop screen. And here below in the description box I am giving you a referral link. You have to open your website by clicking on that link. You can also see which link that is on the top of the screen. n mvwin.com Meet Osama You will find it in the description box below. As soon as you click on that link, a window will open in front of you. This is the website of Mawan whose proxy I use. Now let me tell you all the details about this. If you come to First of All Proxies, you will get to see multiple types of proxies. Residential proxies offer this. Mobile is a proxy. Scraping is provided by browsers and ISP proxies are also available to you. You can also check this by going to Use Cases on the second number. And in locations you get to see multiple types of locations. As you need any country's IP proxy then you can purchase it from here. Come to Resources. These are all the things. You will also get to see pricing etc. here. We also see this later. This is an overview. This is their website. I'll also scroll down a bit and show you. There are authentic proxies. If you ask me Osama Bhai, which one do you use ? So my love I am using the proxies of Nan. I will tell you how to do it basically. First of all you should check this above. Try 1GB for 3.99 means they will give you 1GB for almost 4 days to try. But we did not try to do it. We will click on direct sign in i.e. login. Now you will ask how will I log in on mobile? I have n't even created an account so there is no issue. Here you will get the option of direct sign in with Google. You have to click on it. You have to select your Gmail ID and login to your account. I select my Gmail from here and look at this my account is logged in. It was not rocket science, it was a simple process. Now I have the dashboard of Nabin. Above this, if you look on the left side, pricing is being shown. If you click on pricing first, you will see Pay as you go or Build Monthly. See above and save 15% off. Let me zoom in on the screen a little so that you can see it clearly. We will pay this to them monthly and currently there is a 15% discount also going on. Basically, if you join through the referral link given by me, then brother, you will get 50% off automatically. I will tell you further how to do it. I have two referral links. I will tell you both how and what is each one's work. Which will benefit you more? Okay, let's come down. Check this here. Traffic is coming. First of all, how many GB of traffic do you need. I need 5GB, I need 10 GB, I need 25 GB and 50 100 means the below is quite a lot, it depends on you how much work you have. Let's suppose I have a client whose PayPal account I handle or TikTok shop account I handle. So for me 10 GB is enough for one account. Ok? So, you have to see in your case how many clients you have. How much traffic do you require for them? So, how many GB of space do you need? You have to make the purchase accordingly. This will totally depend on you. 10 GB is enough for me. I will purchase a 10 GB plan and see from here how much will 10 GB cost me ? It will cost 56 Euros per month. What do you have to do? Simply click on Buy Now. As soon as you come here and click on Buy Now, you will get this page of credit card and crypto currency. You can make payment through both. I will select credit card only. We always have credit or debit cards. After that the account type can be individual or organization. I am an individual. Which country is yours? My country is Pakistan. I can search Pakistan from here. Here comes my beloved Pakistan. After that you can check it from here. Here we see that my per month per diem is 56 Euros and I cancel the total on the side. The total amount I owe is 56 Euros. So now you have to apply the coupon code from here. Well, when you join through my referral link, you will definitely get a discount. Otherwise, if you are not getting the discount then brother, you should go to apply coupon. Here you have to use my coupon code Meet Osama 50. Here I write in Capsog M DOUBLE E T U S A M A 50 as soon as you write this I will highlight it again and show it to you, you have to click on apply, earlier it was 56 Euros, I will apply it and show it to you like I have applied and look at this it will cost only 28 Euros, you will get 50% off, you can see how much discount you got, 50% and you got a discount of 28 Euros from here, well this is a promo code for discount, if you want more traffic then for that also you can use my promo code 100%. I will show you that also from here after exiting. I cancel this. Go to Apply Coupon and check M Double E T U S A M A 100 when you apply it. You will get 10 GB of free traffic extra. Within the same rate, you will get this 10 GB extra traffic within Rs 56. So, that's two coupon codes. Use whatever you want. Now I will also show you how to do proxy purchase from here. You come back from here. I confirm this submission once. I have already purchased this plan. Now let me show you simply how to purchase proxies. I will come to Premium Rotating Proxy from here and from here first of all you will see whether it is authenticated, user or IP wide list. So we'll put it on authenticated. Connection type is asking what do you want? I need residential poxy. Basically this is what I purchase. I like this the best. If you want mobile proxy, you can select it from here. After that in IP version you have IPV4 coming in IPV6 mixed and the other one is IPV4 only. So it is your choice whether you want to take the mixed one or the simple four one. I mostly keep the mixed one in which we get to see both IPV4 and Six. After that, on location, you have to select the country for which you want the process. Let's suppose I want the United Kingdom. I need the UK. Basically, I have most of my business in the UK, so I use UK procedures. I selected this one. You will come to the region. Which region in the UK do you want? Meaning there are different states. You have to select that. As you know there are different states in the US. So I want England. I will select England. You have to check it according to yourself. After that I want the city of London. I will search London here. I have selected this. The ISP is random. But from here you can see two. One medium one, one high one. I will select the high one only. I want a high ISP. After that, if you want to do zip targeting, you have a postal code, the IP address of UK, that is, the address of that place, then you can go according to that, you can see your location precisely, but I will not do zip targeting of it, I will keep it as it is, after that the session type is asked, do you want sticky, I want rotating, I want sticky and you can also set it to custom by scrolling down, but it is not required, after that in proxy access, do you want the quality to be at default or do you want quality plus speed, I want more quality, I am not worried about speed, I do not compromise on quality. I don't want any problem with my account. So I will keep its quality on default, that is, I mainly want quality. After that, you need to select the protocol whether it is http or socks5 technology. I want the Socks 5 because basically I like it better. This is the latest. You can also use HTTP. But I use this SX 5 technology mostly. After that you are getting this username below. Getting proxy password , getting host. And you can see this port. What will I do now? I am showing you all this data. Whichever user among you watches this video of mine first, consider this as a gift from me, he can use this as my proxy. You are getting this gift from your brother. Well, if you scroll up, you have to select the number of proxies you want from here. I want number of proxy right now one. I will select one. I will refresh it from here and check that I have received all the port data etc. This is in front of you, we had selected the country England, UK and the location I selected London, all this data is coming in front of you. In the output format above, do you want hotspot or protocol? So I need a host basically to connect my IP to the proxy. Well, now we have the data, Osama Bhai. How do we connect this now ? Where do you want to go? So you have purchased this proxy. Now after purchasing the proxy, you need any anti-detection browser so that Facebook cannot detect it. So there are many in the market. I will not promote anyone right now. You can use whatever you want. Basically, if you ask me Osama Bhai, which one do you use, then I use More Login. I will open it and show it to you. All right. So I opened my More Login. What can you say here? My profile is already created. I have PayPal set up and I already have proxies. This one I already have setup a proxy of SX 5. Okay, now let me show you how to setup the new one. Simply you have to click on Purchase Proxy. From here or you can click on setup. I'm going to click on Add Proxy from here. I don't want to purchase. I want to add. You have to click on As an Individual Ad Individual. Now I asked you what is the type of your proxy? I had purchased Sox 5, that is it. After that it will keep the channel As It Is. Proxy Server It is asked what is a proxy server? So from here we will go down. Whatever is our proxy server, as we call it, I will copy the username from here. I copied it and came here and pasted it inside the proxy server, not here in the proxy server, but inside the proxy account, which is our username. Okay, so I think we copied the wrong thing. If I check this, I think this is it. Ok. I have done this on copy. Let me paste it again by going here to the proxy account. I pasted this. Ok fine. After that we have to see the password of the proxy. The proxy password is here. I will copy this and go here and press Control V and paste it as it is. There is nothing after that. The proxy server remains and the port remains. So we can go here and open that also. This is the host. This is called a server. I will copy this and go to this place and paste it. After that we need that port. Port, we will leave from here again. And this port is 1080, we will go here and paste it in the port 1080 right, okay, I have setup all this, after that you do not have to do anything, you can simply click on proxy detection and see if your proxy is being detected, ok or is there any issue, if it says ok, after that you have to click on confirm, your proxy will be setup, I am explaining this for more login, you can use any browser, I am not saying that you have to do this only, this is not promotional, okay look at this, it is saying ok, the tick is put. I simply confirm this and our proxy is setup. Now this proxy has become ours. What do you have to do after that ? You have to simply create your profile. Whoever is your client, you are handling his PayPal account. Setting up a TikTok shop. Whatever you are, work on Facebook monetization. Create a profile of whatever you are doing. I have set up the proxy. Connect it and you can use it. Let me try it once and show you. What do we do from here? Let's create a new profile and I go to Advanced Create and name it. Let's suppose I give PayPal to PayPal because I am new to PayPal, I already have a profile in the name of PayPal. I'll set up another account. Do I need Chrome or just Chrome ? Do you want a MacBook or a Windows PC ? I already have my Mac set up. After that we will scroll down and reach proxies. I will come to Use Existing Proxy and from here I will select my proxy. Now, I will select this one which I have set, Namaavan, and after that, we can click on proxy detection and click on detect, but there is no need, we have already done it. I will simply click on confirm and look at this my profile has been setup in the name of PayPal 2. Now I will click on Simple Start and my profile will start. And on top of that, let me set up my Facebook account. My Facebook account will now run securely no matter what I do. This IP is also in front of you and this is a gift from me to all of you. Whoever watches my video for the first time can keep all this data. Ok? For one month. After that you will have to renew it again, please do so. All right. So this is how you log into your Facebook account in the browser, create a new one, and setup an ad account. There will be no issue and you can run it securely. So I hope you have understood well how to set up the suspensions and deactivations of Facebook ad accounts. So guys, I hope you must have understood well that if your Facebook ad account is getting disabled, suspended, you are creating a new one again and again but it is not getting created, then how can you do it, use Antitech browser, setup proxy, I have told you that it is a very best platform, I am also giving its link in the description box, join the referral and also you can use my promo codes if you want more discount in advance, so this was our today's video, I hope you must have liked the video a lot, if you liked the video then like the video and subscribe to the channel. Inshallah, see you in the next video and you can tell us on which topic the next video should be by commenting in the comment section below. See you inshallah. That's all for today.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Neoaimind: Sir muje contact kare Mera account disable ho chuka hai appeal ke liye bol raha hai mere pass laptop nahi hai only phone hai  plzz help kar do mere account mai prepaid balance 4200rs hai ya fir bo refund karwa do plzz muje pata nahi hai kaise karna hai apka jo bhi charge ho bata dena
  2. @AliUsmanForexTrader: Bhai mene meta add lagana seekhna hai please mujhe 10 minutes time den please 
Me forex trader ho please
  3. @ZynoTech-d8o1z: usama bhai kindly guide krdo k ye anti detect browser wgara bnany k bad kiya krna ha? apna facebook business wgara isme login krain? or ad acoount wapis ajaiga yan new ad account bnana ptyga? kindly comment ka reply krky btado k proxy change setup krny k bad apni sari facebiok insta wgara isme login krna yan sab new bnana pryga?
  4. @ZynoTech-d8o1z: usama bhai you are great, mene business krna kesy ha sab apse sikha ha or inshallah me apna business launch krny gara hu and apki ye video ka boht wait thr mujhy finally its here,  in future if my business got success then all the credit goes to you, big respect from younge youth, you are real face of best guider. love from zaid ch,
  5. @shanikhan-c3g: sir mera tu ad account ban hee nhi raha .temprory block hogya ha.ab kia kro
  6. @zainzahid5789: Brother please upload next parts of white label series please I'm waiting for next parts ❤
  7. @ahmad_s666: mara tu pala b ni ban raha 🤒
  8. @KashifMalik-l5b: Reply lazmi de sir
  9. @KashifMalik-l5b: Hi sir TikTok add run krna ka tarika batayee 2026 new update ayee ha
Custom identify Wala option ni ha 
TikTok Kisi link krna ha???
Kindly fix my problem by making a complete vadeo plzz

- Facebook Ad Trends In 2026: Kind: captions Language: en as competition on facebook increases and changes come to the platform it's important that you know top ad trends so that you can use them to promote your business let's take a look at what's trending on facebook [Applause] hi i'm morgan a digital marketing professional with life marketing and i practically live on facebook i need to stay up to date so that i can run the best ads for clients and teach you the best ways to market your business if you run ads it's important for you to know add trends on each platform so that you can choose to participate in it or not either way you're making an informed decision for your ad strategy in today's video i'm going to go over some ad trends that i and other digital marketers have noticed and that we predict will continue into the future i'm focusing on paid ad trends here if you'd like me to do a similar thing with organic strategy leave an apple emoji in the comments these are the trends that i see in the paid ad world number one is prioritizing short form video number two is creating native feeling ads number three is using emojis in copy and design number four is facebook story ads number five is augmented reality ads these are using your ads to let users try your products and number six is concise copy and short headlines let us know if you have any questions in the comments and we'll help you out make sure you subscribe and turn on notifications so that you don't miss out on our new videos let's do a deeper dive with that list we'll start with prioritizing short form video with the absolute takeover of tick tock and the success of reels on instagram facebook is joining ranks and prioritizing short form video this applies to organic and paid ads users are just more likely to engage with videos here are some other reasons to use video in your paid ads users spend five times longer looking at video ads compared to static image ads 71 of consumers find facebook video ads relevant or highly relevant facebook video ads have a low cost per click at about 1.86 that's an average of course and facebook video ads have the potential to reach over 2 billion people by now we all know that tick tock is the current darling of social media in fact the short form video app has been so successful that every other network has adapted some version of tick tock in hopes of competing or at least staying relevant on instagram it's reals on youtube it's shorts you catch my drift when you're writing video ads on facebook follow these best practices capture attention in the first three seconds to prevent the scroll introduce your brand in the first five seconds let's move on to creating native ads because these two cards go hand in hand native ads don't take users out of the experience of their feeds users prefer ads that don't feel like an ad after all they'll still be labeled as sponsored and you can sell to your audience in this content but the content should look and feel organic content tik tok has been a great case study in this native ads are so successful that tick tock's recommendations to businesses advertising on the platform are to make tick tocks not ads this trend is crossing over to other platforms and we'll be here to stay for a while here's how you can make native ads spend time on the platform liking the page and content that your ideal customer would like familiarize yourself with the aesthetic and the written style of the content you also want to analyze how your product and your brand fit within this aesthetic it shouldn't feel forced it's okay to use templates for design like from canva so long as you customize them think outside the social network you can buy sponsored articles on news outlets blogs and other websites and news influencers don't stress about getting a huge influencer go for micro influencers with a dedicated following their engagement is what's most important to you let them make the ad for you this helps with social proof too if you want to learn more about social proof you can watch this video that i did on marketing psychology the next trend is using emojis in copy and design if you thought the emoji was out well you probably changed your mind after you saw drake's album cover if you're not sure what emojis to employ for your business this website has real-time stats for emoji use it can be easy to stare at so just watch yourself with this one each business and audience will have different emoji preferences you want to consider that before you dive into writing novels using only emojis i recommend a b testing your copy one version using no emojis the other using emojis this way you're making an educated choice for your specific audience let's talk about some emoji used best practices now i do encourage emoji use but there are some best practices to follow i'm in the rules are made to be broken kind of advertising crowd but you have to know them to break them right first best practice is not to overuse emojis can you replace all of your text with emojis maybe probably actually and it makes for a fun movie title guessing game sure but should you probably not overstuffing copy with emojis can come across as spammy to some audiences and perfectly normal to others you'll need to research this and test it for your audience the next best practice is that there are inappropriate emojis yes if you can believe it there are certain emojis that are more appropriate for some businesses than others certain emojis don't mean what you probably think they mean that's all i'm going to say it's just good to double check how your planned emoji is being used by the internet today just to avoid any unhappy accidents to borrow and to tweak from bob ross my next best practice is to include emojis in your brand strategy when creating the branding for your business you probably thought about fonts and colors mood boards and aesthetics but did you consider branded emojis pick from existing emojis or get some custom ones created for you either way choosing some on brand emojis that you can use in copy is a good idea hey we just helped a small business make over 1.5 million dollars through facebook advertising and after managing millions of dollars in ad spend for thousands of different small businesses we have decided to give away everything we learn to you in a special program if you want to learn the blueprint to success the best practices from some of the fastest growing companies in the world and all the different tools you will need then sign up for our social ads training program today the next ad trend is stories and real ads jumping on the short video train facebook is putting emphasis on stories and reels you can run ads to stories on facebook and instagram via the facebook ads manager you can currently only run ads to instagram reels but facebook recently announced that facebook reels ads are coming soon users on facebook and instagram are using the stories and real sections of the app the most lately so it's important to work them into your organic content and your paid ads if these ads work well for your business that may be cute to join tiktok and see if you can find a new audience on a new platform with similar content the next trend i see is augmented reality ads with augmented reality you can let the customer experience your product or your business in some way you may have used ar yourself to try on glasses or place a piece of furniture in your home or something similar when someone taps your ad they'll see overlay instructions that tell them how to interact with the ad include a call to action to visit the website or to make a purchase or whatever your specific goal is users will be able to record or take photos of them interacting with your ad and they can share in their feed and in their stories so how would you go about using ar or augmented reality for your ads facebook uses ar spark to create the ar effects for the platform you'll want to find a partner who knows ar spark and can use the platform if they're designing something for you there are a ton of tutorials on the platform too so if you're interested in learning more about augmented reality i would check it out there any effect that you want to create has to meet some requirements you have to meet some reviews for spark ar and you have to meet the facebook advertising policies to create an ad if a video on setting up and monitoring your augmented reality ads would be helpful let me know in the comments with a robot emoji another trend we're seeing is making it snappy our appetite for content is not decreasing if anything it's increasing but so is the amount of content available for us to consume on facebook alone 350 million photos are uploaded daily 500 million people watch video every single day the average user spends 33 minutes a day on the platform we have attention spans just not for uninteresting or irrelevant content make sure you capture attention quickly in the first three seconds of video if you can and focus on only the most important message for your goal in these short videos your ideal customers will then get to choose to spend more time on your in-depth content like long-form videos such as this one blog posts or articles and your email content did you like this video give it a thumbs up so i know it really helps me choose content to create for you in the future what ad trends do you think that we'll see more of on facebook for help staying up to date with trends subscribe to our channel and ring the notification bell if you want an agency to help you set up create and maintain great ad campaigns give us a call at the number on screen and please let us know if you have any questions happy facebook advertising

  Top Comments:
  1. @nicolet.rainer1605 [1 likes]: I like that you're articulate and succint. I've subscribed!♥
  2. @LYFEMarketingAtlanta: Want us to grow your business so you can focus on running it? Get a free, custom quote and proposal here: https://www.lyfemarketing.com/services/social-media-advertising-services/?utm_source=youtube&utm_medium=fbadtrends&utm_campaign=dec292021
  3. @HelenaCannon: Hi. What online services can you recommend for dynamic statistics of advertising accounts?
  4. @jackyclose7363: 🍎
  5. @YM-xx7ni: Solid insights thank you!
  6. @4587free: new subscriber here!
  7. @deepasharma6191: Can you please make a video on Instagram hashtag strategy? As every one has their own say in this. im kinda confused which is the best practice.
  8. @BoutiqueBoost: Awesome tips
  9. @dedanmwaura1590: Thanks beautiful
  10. @robertoromero7636: 🍎 🍎 🍎
  11. @StuartMacadam: Another big trend I can see is Facebook Marketers using web-hooks to push information from their website back into Facebook using their API. The big challenge the iOS changes have brought in is the use of statistical modelling, which is wildly inaccurate and can often present a campaign that is performing well when it isn't and a campaign that underperforms when in reality it is performing well. Two ecomm clients I've helped have had great months in actual sales, many which don't show on Facebook and vice versa.
  12. @codescurveofficial: 🍎🍎🍎
  13. @francheskaseijo9998: 🍎🍎

- Alex Hormozi's Lead Generation Strategy for 2026: Kind: captions Language: en Alex Herozi is currently generating zillions of leads from his portfolio of 16 companies generating over $200 million a year in revenue and he's constantly teaching exactly how he's doing it to other entrepreneurs online. The problem is across his podcast, YouTube short form content, there's literally hundreds of hours of content to go through. So to save you time, I've spent the last month investigating Alex Herozy's lead genen strategy. And in this video, I'm going to show you exactly what he's done to build his portfolio of companies to over $200 million, as well as have multiple 8 figureure exits. Let's get into it. So, before we dive into the lead genen strategy, it's important to know how Alex thinks about lead generation. And because of that, I'm going to talk about five lead genen philosophies that Alexosi constantly talks about and constantly reinforces in his content and as he's teaching other entrepreneurs. I personally follow a bunch of philosophy accounts and so most of the philosophers are dead. Yet, I still love to see the quotes they have because they remind me of the things that I want to follow, the way that I want to live. So, the first thing being we need to create a self-reinforcing system. What this means is we don't just get a customer and then get the next customer and get the next customer. We want to create a system that is self-reinforcing that continues to grow and compound over time. So what he says is we want to get customers, ask them for reviews and referrals and let that bring in even more customers without extra work. Which means we need to have a super good product and also a system for asking for reviews and asking for referrals. And that's something that we should not put on the back burner but something that we need to build in that is absolutely mandatory. And so this initial effort of money goes into the system that gets you customers. Those customers get results. Those results drive reviews and word of mouth which then get you more customers. The second philosophy that he talks about is the rule of reciprocity. So he talks about this a lot. What a lot of people do when they're selling is they're just like, "Let's book a call. Let's book a call. Let's make this about me. I have something to sell you. I have something to sell you." Problem is, that's not how reciprocity works. When Alex is talking about lead generation, what he talks about is he wants to offer free stuff that others charge for so people feel like they owe you and are more likely to buy or share your business. Like what Alex does, he gives away all of his courses. He gives away all of his secrets. I mean, I don't know about you guys, but if you've consumed a lot of Alex's content, you're like, "Dude, I will buy whatever it is that you're offering because I feel like I owe you something and you've given me so much value." The amount of free value that he's providing is also coming up in tenfold in returns because people ultimately trust them. After you've delivered the value that you deliver with your core product or service, you then offer a free gift. Third philosophy that he talks about is extreme ownership. If you're not getting customers, don't blame the market. We need to not point the finger at something else. So, we want to point the finger at ourselves. One of my favorite principles is extreme ownership. A lot of people when they're not getting leads, a lot of people when they're not closing deals, and they try to point the blame at this thing, this person, this software, this tool, when in reality, it's likely you that's contributing to you not getting leads. Fourth principle that he talks about is avoid linear growth. So, he says, "Don't rely only on grinding every day. Set up systems like automation or content that bring in customers even when you're not working." What a lot of people do is think the harder I work, the more my business will grow. The more outputs I give, the more my business will grow. Problem with this is is that's a hamster wheel cycle. So unless we put in systems, processes, and potentially people or when it comes to lead genen, it's always going to be that hamster wheel growth. What he suggests is using automation tools, etc., which we'll talk about later on. So if you happen to live under a rock and not believe that reviews are a very valuable thing in business, the highest percentage of sales across any market come from word of mouth. It's from people telling other people about stuff. And the last philosophy is basically talking about his three pillars of lead gener success. One, get high quality leads. Two, treat customers super well. And three, make sure they leave reviews and tell their friends. Firstly, getting high quality leads. A lot of people just want to talk to anybody with a pulse. But how do we actually get high quality leads? Well, that's making sure that we have a good sales process in place, have a good brand, have a good lead genen mechanism to actually bring in those high quality leads, treat customers super well. We can't just turn and burn new customers. So, I really like his philosophies on like making sure you have a good product, making sure you're taking care of the customers and not just getting the next deal, getting the next deal, getting the next deal, and then lastly, make sure they leave reviews and tell their friends. I mean, I am so surprised about all the people that I talk to who don't ask their clients for reviews or referrals. It really echoes what Horozi says is like the more reviews that you can get, the more it's going to stack proof and the more it's actually going to help you with step number one, which is getting high quality leads and ultimately closing more deals. This growth concept is to create a self-reinforcing system where every action or component builds momentum and drives the next creating sustainable growth over time without the continuous input of more effort and more money on the side of the founders and or investors. We need to understand Alex's mindset as we understand the lead genen strategies that he's using in order to do it. With this in mind, let's talk about one of the most lowhanging strategies that Alex Ramoszi talks about that we can literally implement today and probably if you follow this get a deal in the matter of a few minutes of work and that is warm outreach. Now we go to warm outreach which is the first of the core four which is people who know you reaching out to them oneonone. What a lot of people do is they rely on cold outreach. the next deal, the next deal, the next deal. And they don't realize that there's probably gold inside of their phone, there's gold inside of their Instagram followers, there's gold inside of their LinkedIn. And if they can just pick up the phone, call people, ask them if they need help with what it is that they're doing, then they're likely going to compound into new deals. So, this is good if you're just starting your business or if you already have an established business, you can literally follow the same framework. And to illustrate this, I actually found a video that is a example of him doing this. Let me show you how to get your first client in 90 seconds. Pull up your phone, look in your contacts, and call the first person. If you're nervous to call somebody you already know, just follow a script. Hey, what's up, man? Are you uh are you at that wedding? I am. Yeah. You have one section before you get to the script, which is where you just ask the person about their lives and what's going on that's new. How is it? It's good. A little overwhelming, but it's good. Nice. You with Cat? I am. Yeah. Well, quick question for you. Once they say whatever it is that's new, all you do is you ask them if they have time to insert the thing that you have. Is anyone taking out your trash? No. It's probably just sitting there smelling awful. Got it. And then you can transition to the ask of like, do you know anybody? Do you know anybody else who might be at the wedding who's also not taking out their trash who lives back home? Probably. But what are you talking about? Like I I know this is out of blue. I'll explain why. So right now I'm starting my little trash clean business. I want to help like five or 10 people and just do my service for free just so I can show how good service I have. That sounds incredible. Yeah, thank you. Okay, cool. I'll text you with the details and you can tell me what times and places and all that stuff and uh we'll rock and roll from there. And uh the other folks that you know, do you think you do a three-way text intro with me? Yeah. Yeah, absolutely. Okay, perfect. Thanks for supporting me, man. I really appreciate it. So, what he laid out here from Warm Outreach is just simply picking up your phone and hitting up people that you know. I think this can be done in a lot of different ways. In this example, he just simply picked up the phone. And I love the structure that he gave us that can be applied in a lot of things that we're implementing. So, first he says, if you feel nervous, follow a script. Okay, what's the script that I do? I dissected it for you. So, you could literally just follow right here. Introduction. Hey man, how's life? Hey, do you have time for generating new leads for your business? Hey, do you have time to qualify leads? Hey, do you have time to create new content for your business? Whatever it could be, do you know anyone else who also might not have time to like create content that really wants to start creating content? What I'm trying to do is I'm looking for a few people that I know in exchange for, you know, a referral and a review to basically just create some content for them or get some leads for them. And if it works, awesome. Just cuz I'm really starting to grow this business and I'm trying to pick it off the ground. That's a way to do it. Especially if you're like you're a new business. What we teach, and he calls this momentum campaign, we call it the same is we like to offer like a free trial for a month or a discount for a month. Even if you're an existing business, what you can do from like the free is basically offer some sort of discount. Make it something that is enticing that you could actually get the deal so that you can build more momentum. My recommendation, you can use the lead magnet. All right. You give away the free or discounted thing so that they want to take a step towards you. What's important when you're doing your outreach is you're not just like calling, calling, calling. We want to make sure that we're tracking everything inside of a tool. So, this could be like an ASA tool or your CRM. In our case, we like to use notion. So, we built out like a momentum operating system essentially where we can like list everybody inside of our network, hit them up and actually track how it's going and track all of our openers. We can also write the scripts here which is really easy to use and really easy to follow. So, we're not losing track of everybody and everybody can just be like in one spot and we can actually see our activity. Okay, so that's really important that we're not just like spraying and praying. We are tracking everything and we're following and design and we're actually taking time to do it and scheduling time throughout our day to do this. You can also automate your outbound with instantly. You can simply get all of the emails. You can use an AI tool to extract everybody from your Gmail, your contact database, and you can create a campaign inside of instantly. Let's just call it like warm outreach. And then what you can do is you can come up with a quick sequence essentially that would get people to respond, offer something for free to people, offer something at a killer discount. And this is a completely automated approach and you don't really need to think about it. And you can do all the tracking directly inside of instantly. One other way that we like to say that Alex Shrammos talks about is just simply post on your social media. Like a lot of people don't realize there's probably gold in their followers even whether you're on LinkedIn, Facebook, Instagram, etc. Use a post following a similar script from what Alexi said and look for people who you can help get to a desired outcome and make a post about that and get people to raise their hand so that you can start more conversations as well as get your business out there. This sounds pretty cool, but honestly, none of this is going to work if we don't follow the principle that Alex Ramoszi talks about his irresistible offer formula. And this is extracted from his $100 million offer. So, if you don't have a good offer, nobody's going to say yes. So, we need to make sure that our offer foundationally is set up for success as we start these lead genen strategies. In short, what it is is we have a client's dream outcome. So, what is it that they want? We multiply that by the perceived likelihood of achievements. So, are they actually going to achieve this offer? Do they feel like they're going to get what it is that you're actually talking about from like the outcome perspective divided by time delay and effort and sacrifice from that specific customer? You'll notice from the first book, we're actually hitting the four elements of the value equation. We talked about the dream outcome, the perceived likelihood of achievement is implied because we show multiple testimonials in our little mini pitch. We talk about the time delay, how quickly, and we talk about how we can do it without the effort and sacrifice. All of those things in a short statement. So what I like to do is I like to simply just go to chat GBT and I can just type in literally something like I do legen for plumbing following Alex Hermos's irresistible offer formula of dream outcome times perceived likelyhood of achievement divided by time delay times effort and sacrifice. write me an offer example and it will literally spit out some ideas for you depending on what it is that you're actually doing. So, not a bad framework to do. I would definitely follow exactly what I did so that you can also create a similar ear offer as well as make sure that you are checking the boxes that Alex Shamoszi says. Some more examples could be an AI chatbot agency sales on autopilot the offer get 30% more conversions with an AI chatbot that sells for you 24/7 without lifting a finger. Dream outcome more leads more sales and faster responses without hiring extra staff. Perceived likelihood of achievement proven to increase conversions by 30% for businesses like yours. Time delay fully functional a chatbot live in seven days. Effort and sacrifice. We build train and optimize the chatbot for you. Just watch it work so they don't have to do anything. Sixfigure content system done for you personal brand growth. Build a profitable personal brand and land clients in 30 days with just two hours per week. Dream outcome a growing audience and high ticket inbound leads from your content. Perceive like achievement. Trusted by seven figure entrepreneurs and content creators. Time billing. First viral video in 7 days. Full content system running in 30 days. Effort and sacrifice. We script, edit, and post. All you do is hit record. Online coaches 50k in 30 days. Adding $50,000 in coaching revenue in 30 days or you don't pay. GC more high ticket clients perceived likelihood of achievement. 100 plus seven figure coaches have done this with us. First sale in seven days, full 50k in 30 days. Effort and sacrifice. We handle marketing sales. You just coach. So again, lead genen won't work if our offer sucks. With this now, you're pretty much to implement one of Alex's favorite approaches to lead genen, which is cold outreach. Something that he talks about a ton in his marketing as it pertains to how he was able to literally save his business from bankruptcy. So knowing this, let's talk about the strategies that he talks about when it comes to doing cold outreach for your business. So in his course, he literally says there's three problems that strangers create that we can solve when it comes to doing our lead genen strategy of cold outreach. Problem one, how do I contact them? Problem two, I have my list, but what do I say to them? Problem three, I'm not getting enough chances to tell people about my amazing stuff. What do I do? So let's break these down step by step and hear what Alex has to say about each one. And then what I'm going to do is I'm going to show you exactly how you can implement exactly what he's teaching in a couple of quick steps. So first problem, how do I figure out people that I'm going to contact and reach out to as it pertains to my cold outreach? So Alexi basically says there's three ways to get lists. You can build a list using software. You can buy a list from an online directory or you could have a VA basically custom build your own list for you. There's three ways to build a list. You can scrape them, you can buy them, you can look for them. All right, so those are the three main ones and I've done all of these. In my case, what I like to do, taking Alexos's advice, is I like to just go in instantly and simply use their leadfinder. So inside of the leadfinder, let's just say I'm working with financial service companies who are doing 0 to $50 million a year and I'm looking for the CEO and co-founder. Perfect. Here's literally 11,000 people that I can then reach out to. What we can do is we can use all the different filters from employee quantity from revenue funding type from isn't any of specific customers to the job titles to the industries that we're looking for and so much more and be able to find our ideal customer. Let's do construction CEOs. 24,000 construction CEOs literally just in one click. So I like to just use software to build lists and instantly.ai's leadfinder is really really efficient for me in order to do that. The next thing that he talks about is I have my list. What do I say to them? So what he says is we need personalization and big fast value. So once you scrape the list, here's what you say. Personalize and then give big fast value. So what we talked about before was the big fast value and the rule of reciprocity. We need to also incorporate that inside of our lead genen strategy so that we can actually get responses and get people to feel like they owe us something and add value to them to get contacts into raised hands which is turned into prospects which ultimately turns into more calls. So practically, how do we personalize and give big fast value at scale? From a personalization perspective, what I can do inside of instantly is I can literally go ahead and go to campaigns. I can create a campaign and I can just call this test campaign 1 2 3 and add some leads. So let's go to my leadfinder. Let's just say I'm going to add some of these leads in here. What I can do is I can add it to a campaign. Go back to my campaigns and go to leads. And from a personalization perspective, what we'll see inside of instantly is we'll see this little thing that says AI prompts. What we're able to do is we're able to link up our open API key, which is basically chat JBT, and be able to come up with prompts that will apply to all of the different leads that we have inside of here. So, inside of here, you'll see literally hundreds of different pre-made template prompts that you can use. You can also create your own templates, which is also extremely helpful. So in this case, let's just create a new personalized line. So let's just go to website. Let's go to company name. And then what I can do is I can generate a test output. Perfect. So this is a personalized line. And what I can do is I can say generate for all leads. And what will populate is a personalized line for all the leads that I've added inside of the campaign. So that when I'm emailing them, it's not just another cold email. It is something that feels personalized to the person that we're actually emailing. Now let's talk about the second point, which is big fast value. So, what we can do simply inside of Instantly is we can write a campaign. And when we're writing a campaign, what we don't want it to be like is, "Hey, John, we help companies grow their business. Do you have time tomorrow for a quick call cuz we've been able to successfully help all these customers and we want to talk to you if you have time. Here's my link to book a call." That's what we don't want to do. What Alex Shozie preaches is we want to give value. And like what he talked about in his philosophies of reciprocity, this is the perfect opportunity to do it, especially when we're doing this at scale. So, for example, what I could say is like, "Hi, first name." I could literally take this. I could say, "We help plumbers get 20 plus jobs per month with qualified leads that turn into high ticket plumbing projects." Cool. So, now we have our email written. That basically follows the principles that he talks about, which is personalized line, offer, essentially, proof, and guarantee, and then offering something of value that people would normally pay for. So, in this case, I just said, "Can I cash you over a personalized video sharing step-by-step guide on how you can plug this into your current lead genen system, which basically in turn what you would do is you would send them a video of how you get clients 20 plus book jobs and how they can plug the same system inside of their business if that's something that they wanted to do. Next thing that he talks about, I'm not getting enough chances to tell people about my amazing stuff. What do I do?" Well, the solution that he talks about is volume plus automation plus a tool to analyze everything. So, one is we automate delivery. Second, we automate distribution. And three, we fought more times in more ways. What we see a lot, and I totally agree with Alex Ramoszi here, is like people will send a thousand emails or 100 emails or a couple hundred emails and they'll be like, "I'm just not getting enough people to raise their hand. I'm not getting enough people to say yes to it." Well, you probably, and this is what Alex Ramoszi says, and I freaking love how he says this is you're probably grossly underestimating the amount of volume that you need to send in order to actually get responses and close more deals. So, we need to add more volume. We need to make sure it's automated so we're not just reinventing the wheel. We need to analyze what's working and what's not working. So, how do we do that? Well, with a tool like Instantly, again, all we need to do is just keep feeding the campaign into our campaigns where we're constantly adding more leads. The thing I love about Instantly and Cold email is that it's completely scalable and it's just a matter of how many contacts we can add in order to get more people that we can talk to. As far as automations, I mean, this literally automates your whole thing from setting up emails, warming them up, finding your leads, sending the emails, managing all of the emails in one simple inbox, analyzing all of your emails, and seeing what your reply rates are, how many emails that you've sent, how many opportunities you've generated as a result. With these principles, you can literally do everything inside of Instantly, making it literally one-stop shop for all things cold outreach, which again, Alexozi absolutely loves. Look, these are just a couple of ways to win using Alexos strategies. But it'd be a big mistake if I didn't talk about one thing that he shares about a ton, which is content. We just did more edutainment and entertainment style content, and our views went through the roof. For those who don't know, Alex Shoes was very anti-content. He was like, "Oh my gosh, it's such a waste of time. It's not going to generate opportunities." Until he started creating content for himself. He literally said he used to tell people to not create content until he started building his brand and he saw what the power of brand would do for him. And what he sees it as is he sees as content as like the lubricant to the ads to the outbound to the warm outreach because it's a trust building opportunity for you to share more and get in front of more people and build trust with your ideal customer. So what Horozi suggests is a couple of different methods of content. First is short form, very like top offunnel, right? It's very high level drawing a lot of people in and he's getting a lot of followers as a result of that. What you can do with your content is you can based off your offer you can say give me 10 top off ofunnel video ideas make them polarizing and have a good hook. So chatbt can help you out with this. The next thing that it talks about is long form content. And if you've watched any of Alex's long form content it is gold. It's literally a course that is super educational. It's a workshop. It really guides and educates the people that are watching it in an effort to build continued trust with them. What kind of long- form content could you do to educate your consumers if you're in the plumbing industry and you're helping get lead gen for plumbers? Well, you can explain everything that you do, give away everything for free, which is going to increase the trust and make it a lot easier for that customer to say yes to you because you have the educational content on there. I mean, I think there's a stat that says you have to watch seven hours of somebody's content in order to really trust them, but long form really is the mechanism to do that. pre-elling content. This should be an opportunity for you to pre-sell because if you're doing outbound, if you're doing warm outreach, if you're doing cold outreach, what are consumers naturally going to do? They're going to go on your website. They're going to go on your social media. They're going to check you out and they're going to mentally have objections. So, how do we address these common objections? Well, we can pre-ell them inside of content. Whether that's long form, whether that's short form, whatever it could be, address the common objections. So, we could do the same thing. Give me some hook ideas that address common objections. What Alex Ramos talks about is AI automation making it efficient. That's exactly how you can do it. Leveraging social proof. So again, what he talks about before is that cycle of getting a customer, do really good, ask for a review, getting a customer, do really good, ask a review. With the review, we don't just want to have that review, put on our website, and call it good. We want to leverage that. Leverage that in your content, leverage that in your short form content, leverage that in your long form content. Use social proof to get more customers. There's power in testimonies and the more that we can leverage those, the more people are going to trust us and also makes you more credibility and makes those bottom of the funnel customers really convert a lot easier. And so I like to incorporate proof in all aspects of my business. And here's an image of a lobby where we put proof floor to ceiling of people's fivestar reviews because the advanced tactic here is that once you do start getting the these reviews coming in, what do you think you should do? Display them everywhere you possibly can. And last but not least is to be consistent. Like this is a long game. I think one of the reasons Alex From Wuzzy didn't do it starting off is because it takes a long time and if he put more effort into lead genen efforts like bottom of funnel stuff, he can see direct ROI. But with content, it's more of a long game. It's more of a step in the part of the funnel rather than the funnel. So what he preaches is, hey, this is a long game. This isn't going to happen overnight, but it's an important step of the big picture lead genen strategy that's actually going to get you customers because they're going to check out your social media. They're going to make sure that you're actually legit. These are the tactics in order to affirm the customer that you are in fact legit. So, if you want to do lead genen like Alex or Mozzy, these are a few things that you need to be thinking about and really acting on. But if you haven't acted on them, fair enough. It's really hard to start and scale a business, especially from scratch, which is why I took up a challenge to start and scale a business in 10 hours to prove that anyone can do it and show the full step-by-step guide and how you can also do it yourself. And the crazy part was about this challenge is if I failed, I would have to pay for a first class ticket to anywhere for my friend Jake. So go check that out by clicking the video on the screen and check out exactly what I did in order to do that. Thanks so much for watching, guys.

  Top Comments:
  1. @AzizAlabbad [1 likes]: I’m blown away by how good this tutorial is!
  2. @frantisek9929: Interesting to see what Alex Hormozi's thinking about lead generation so far ahead! Hopefully this strategy will still be relevant in a few years.
  3. @angelwise3937: This explanation was really clear
  4. @WAGE_SLAVERY: Jesus, what a good video that got completely ruined by the ad placement towards the middle and end
  5. @kobeduplessis3007: Exactly what I needed right now. Thank you.
  6. @AsmauAdam-k9h: This was exactly what I needed, thanks!
  7. @احمدابومجهد-ث1ر: Great tips, thanks for sharing!
  8. @GreenoughMagalski: nice
  9. @RyanRene-im7sx: Do you think you guys would be able to work financially with a nonrofit organization 501(C)3?
  10. @anilnirania5662: This video just turned me into the person people ask for help. Terrifying.
  11. @Livingtheglobe: Add the word f*cking in the sentence and now it makes it all crystal clear.
  12. @ZacharyJeffery-c8d: You just solved a massive problem for me!
  13. @MattinPublic: Seems like every business could benefit from focusing on more reviews to increase word of mouth, as you point out.  In my catering business, as soon as I automated this follow up after a service was complete, what do ya know, I started getting a ton of reviews.  Key words = automating this flow!
  14. @Indialoves1: He is a genious, thanks so much for your content.
  15. @mgcpapopapo9434: I keep wasting time doing this manually into Sheets. If anyone wants, I found a simple URL→CSV method that extracts email/phone without setting up a scraper.
  16. @AudreyBoo-m4v: I know I'm not the only one who hates manual outreach. Reepgetix's workflow builder helped me personalize at scale and hand off automation so referrals and reviews stacked up over months.
  17. @SafeerMunaf-y8c: I’m seriously motivated after watching this!
  18. @HADIZAAUWALINCHINE: I’m convinced you have superpowers.
  19. @LP_MoMo: ahhhhh, good stuff & nice breakdown. Didn't realize this was a sales pitch though until 8--min in & had to click off.
  20. @guitarpracticelibrary: this is incredible, I learned a lot here! Thank you so much!

- Facebook Ad Algorithm Changes for 2026: What Marketers Need to Know: Kind: captions Language: en So, it's a huge update and it redefines how we think about ads, how we think about strategy, and especially how we go about doing our ad creative. So, really, really big. I mean, huge bombshell kind of update. (Intro music) Today, I'm very excited to be joined by Tara Zirker. She is a Facebook ads strategist and consultant. She's the founder of The Successful Ads Accelerator, a done-with-you program that helps marketers launch and scale their ads rapidly. She's also the co-founder of the Studio Grow Agency. Tara, welcome back to the show. How are you doing? Thank you, Mike. It's so good to be here. Awesome. Well, today, Tara and I are gonna explore Facebook ad algorithm changes and what it means for marketers in 2026. So, let's start with why, Tara, is it so important to pay attention to Facebook and Instagram's new ad algorithm? Yeah. Well, Mike, the number one complaint I have heard, especially in the last few months has been, "I feel like ads are wasting my money. I don't know if they're working. Something changed. I'm not sure what it is. I don't know what to do." And the truth is, under the brand new algorithm, we'll talk about kind of what happened, um, but a lot did change and a lot of advertisers are falling-falling behind very quickly, and they will continue to do so if they don't upgrade their system to match the new algorithm. So- I love it. Okay. So, what does that- what does that really mean, though? If they- if they do pay attention to what we're gonna talk about today, what's the upside? I mean, they're gonna see a much better cost per result. They're gonna see... I mean, their ads might start performing, and I'm gonna share kind of a quick case study, um, a little bit later. Their ads might start performing in a way that they've never seen or haven't seen in years. Mm-hmm. Um, I've heard a lot of folks saying as they've kind of upgraded their a- their creative mostly to match the new algorithm's demands. They're just seeing numbers that they haven't seen in a long time, so that's really exciting. Not to mention you're gonna fo- future-proof your ads. You know, right now, between Google and Meta, these are the two largest advertising platforms that we have available to us, right? You have TikTok and Pinterest and all these other platforms. They don't even come close to the amount of spend that happens on these two platforms. And so, you really, really want to know and kind of keep yourself updated on what's going on and how you need to adjust and shift to these newest algorithm updates, 'cause let me tell you, if you're not advertising, your competitors will be. And so, you want to make sure that you're in the game and that you're reaching your ideal customers and clients in the right way. Love it. Okay, let's describe like the algorithm changes. Maybe we can talk about how it used to be and how it is, or wherever you wanna go. I love it. Okay, so in... At the end of 2024, um, Meta dropped us a pretty big bombshell on their, um, engineering blog. So, this is often where they start leaving breadcrumbs about things that are going to change. I've got a really big breadcrumb that I'll share at the very end about, you know, what's going to happen next. But they shared with us that they were launching actually not an update to the algorithm, a brand new algorithm, like completely new. And this was going to be... How do I explain this? Um, this was going to be instead of like, you know, the old way of advertising, which was you would have your creative and you would tell Meta who you want that creative to be in- put in front of, so targeting, right? You'd put in your manual targeting and all that stuff. Um, this would be such a huge algorithm update because Meta was gonna fully control the targeting, and they wanted you based on your ad creative to tell them who should be receiving these ads and where they're at in the buyer journey, and then they were going to use their AI machine learning to be able to match the ads with the creative. So, it's a- it's a really big update. Um, I was listening to Ben Heath talk about this and he said, "You know, it's kind of like Net- Netflix, right?" It used to be that Netflix would say, "Oh, you like cooking shows? Then we're gonna put you in this group of people who like cooking shows, and then we'll show all the cooking show people this, you know, feed of all the optional cooking shows." That's how they used to categorize. Now, the Netflix algorithm is so advanced that essentially they say, "Oh, you liked cooking shows, but then you also liked, you know, name your favorite Netflix movie. So, we're going to customize this feed to what we think you will like next based on your past, you know, preferences." And so now, that newsfeed is so customized to you specifically, it's not just this big category dump. And so, that's kind of what the new algorithm has done for advertising. So, it's a huge update and it redefines how we think about ads, how we think about strategy, and especially how we go about doing our ad creative. So, really, really big. I mean, huge bombshell, kind of Okay, let me ask you a couple of questions about this. Um, you said they hinted about it. We're recording this near the end of 2025. They hinted about it almost a year ago. Was the rollout slow? Um- Thank you. Yes. Okay, so then... So, 2024, they tell us, "Hey, we've got not just an update, we've got a brand new algorithm. We're gonna pop in everybody's ad accounts over the course of the next year." And we know, they let us know, that they completed that rollout in October of 2025. And so, this is very recent, that it is globally installed, every single advertiser now has the new algorithm in their account as of October 2025. And there's no going back. It is what No going back. Nope. Okay. This is what it is. There's still ways to work around it and there's definitely use cases where the new algorithm is not going to benefit every single business model right now. We'll get into some of that nuance. Um, so there's ways that you can kind of-... not be in that algorithm, so to speak. But for most advertisers, you're going to want to start using it, getting used to it, and also warming up that algorithm to your account so that Meta starts learning those signals and starts developing their data around, you know, this new algorithm around your account. So, it's very important that you understand it, start using it. Even if you don't use it as your predominant strategy, you definitely want to be giving Meta some of those signals so they can begin learning for you. Okay. When we were prepping for this, you said Andro-Meta ... Andromeda, I think is the word. Andromeda, you got it. A- AI-powered ad algorithm. Is that what this thing is effectively called? Yes. Uh-huh. And it's, it's gonna get even crazier 'cause we're gonna talk about the GEM update that they just announced, uh, i- on the engineering blog in November of this year. So, we have a really good idea of where this is going. I would say that this algorithm is kind of almost the middle ground between, like, all the Advantage+ updates that happened. Now we've got Andromeda, and we're headed for GEM. And so, we'll talk about that as well. Okay. So, um, in summary, where we're at with this Andromeda AI-powered ad algorithm is, it is effectively a algorithm that tries, th- and I'm not going back what I heard you say, tries to match your ad creative to whom it thinks is the best target audience. I mean, is that the effectiveness? I mean, is that it? You got it. And it's, it, there's a few more layers to it as well. I mean, simplified, that's exactly what it is, Michael. Um, I was just reading through, um, I love Jason Yim's, uh, Twitter account, or X account, I guess. And he, kind of, yeah, he heads up some of the client solutions at Meta, and he was talking about ... Consider it like this. Okay, so with the Andromeda update, also came a few other things including sequence learning and, um, Meta's new lattice system. But let me kind of simplify this. Basically, um, how he describes it, and I thought this was a really good description, let's just say that Meta knows that you bought a, you know, reservation, you got a reservation at a ski resort. And now your algorithm is going to respond to that by making sure that you see ads for ski equipment, lift tickets, ski luggage. I mean, the whole kit and caboodle. And- Sweaters, hats, gloves, everything, right? You got it. So, it's taking this kind of intent, like, oh, you know, if, if Meta can discover that you just booked a vacation, or you, you know, booked a vacation through an ad or something like that, let's give them everything they might need. Some new swimsuits. You know, I mean, it's just going to deliver the whole kit and caboodle, versus just this random, you know, selection of ads. So, it's really customizing that to intent, to what you've previously looked at and purchased, especially purchased, and what you might need next. I mean, can you imagine? This is, like, pretty significant. And I think a lot of us thought that ads did that before. And it i- that is not true. (laughs) Advertisers really tried to control that experience, you know, by saying, "Hey, we wanna target people who may have just done these certain behaviors and hopefully, you know, we're gonna, we're gonna, hopefully, you know, win some of these consumers, uh, you know, over with our products." So now, the algorithm is doing this all by itself, which is pretty insane and incredible. Okay then, um, I wanna talk about targeting. Is there any kind of targeting at all, um, that we have, and other certain applications where it does make sense to do certain things and not do other things? Like, I'd love to talk about that a little bit. Yeah, for sure. Okay, so when it comes to targeting, we are seeing, if you're e-commerce, if you are, um, digital courses, you know, things like that, that are kind of more, have broader, uh, targeting potential, we are seeing the new algorithm is really, um, if it's not out-performing on every account yet, I would assume that it definitely will be within a short period of time, once it learns your account and you give it enough signals. But there are certain, uh, business models that are not as responsive to Andromeda. So, we wanna think about, um, i- particularly brick and mortar. If you've got a business that is tied to geography, okay, then you're probably l- very likely still going to do manual targeting. Um, if you've got an e-commerce business that is, has super specific, niche product matching, um, it's likely that you're going to want to experiment with Andromeda, but we're still seeing that, you know, very, very niche sort of products sometimes do better with manual targeting. That means you're still feeding Facebook, um, and Instagram, you know, Meta, you're still feeding them the signals on who they should be targeting. Um, likewise, if you're like, a really niche service provider with like, regulated boundaries or, or things like that. Um, but I would say mostly, mostly, if you need to be targeting within a certain geography, we've seen it time and time again, where advertisers, you know, maybe it's a spa out of Milwaukee, and they give Meta the ZIP codes that they want to be targeting, that's their preference, they're, you know, using the Advantage+ and all of that, but then it, i- all of a sudden, they're getting calls from New York or LA. (laughs) And so you really, really have to, you know, take it out of the Andromeda algorithm, meaning you're doing the manual targeting and you're letting the algorithm kind of, you know, you're, you're really setting the perimeters. Now, what I wanna say is, a lot of people are going to say that, "Well..."... I'm special and my account, you know, never would they ever find my ideal target I was gonna go there 'cause there's a lot of people listening right now- Yes. ... who are media buyers and they're like, "No, it's not going to be as good as me," right? So go ahead and... (laughs) 100%. And, you know, I'll use ourselves as a use case. We started opening up to broad targeting, um, you know, back when Advantage+ was kinda coming online. We decided to start experimenting. At first, it didn't do well and now, I mean, it definitely outperforms most interest-based targeting that we can give it. And so, you know, we just say h- like, "Just go to town." I mean, here, th- here's the entire country we w- we wanna target and, um, you know, no age selection or very minimal age selection, no gender selection, no interests. Just go to town. And you know we're looking for small business owners, typically are spending less than $5,000 per month on their ads. I mean, it's a very specific niche and Meta does it better than we could ever do at this point. So the, the machine learning is just... It's beyond what... You know, we used to be able to gamify so many things, and I would say we're well beyond that at this point. Um, again, with the exception of, you know, real... I mean, genuinely super specific niches or, like, geography-based businesses. Now, I'm asking this question not as someone who does ads, so I'm, I'm ignorant, okay? So anybody who does ads, forgive me for this, but you said that once it learns your account and you give it enough signals, it can, it can... It, it's very good. What does that mean? How does it learn your account and how do you give it signals? Yeah, so this is where you start using... Um, so how do you use this algorithm, I guess, is, is also kind of a foundational- Yeah. ... question we should answer, and basically, that means you're using the Advantage+, uh, toolkit, right? You're advan- Advantage+ targeting. Um, you're doing all the Advantage+ placements, just kind of like that. You're just giving the algorithm full control. Behind the scenes, what happened to Advantage+ is it got this massive upgrade with the Andromeda update, or not even update, Andromeda algorithm, okay? And so if you're using that, you're already using the algorithm. And some people will say it took a little bit of time. Um, oh, gosh, I wish, Mike, that I had a specific dollar amount. For some people, they start seeing results, you know, in as soon as a few hundred dollars, like three to five, six hundred bucks. For others and, you know, for some of our bigger accounts, it definitely has taken several thousand dollars even, you know, up into like $10,000, $15,000, before we really started seeing the algorithm outperforming anything that we could do manually. So I wish there was something specific I could tell you, except, you know, I would say start with 10 to 20% of your budget, and if you're not already using some of these, you know, Advantage+, that's kind of how you access it, right? If you're not already using some of these Advantage+ , um, features, then start doing that and, you know, be patient with it and give it more time than you normally would, um, before you call something a loser and turn it off and just see if it starts to pick up. And I can almost guarantee eventually it will. Interesting. Okay. So what I, what I'm hearing you say is split test it, right? Yeah. Create a, create a, um, copy, for lack of better words, of the very same thing except turn on this, um, Advantage+ thing that you were talking about, which comes with Andromeda, and just see if it outperforms. And if it's not outperforming, you need to give it a little bit more time. So I would imagine if you spend a lot of money, it's probably gonna take a decent amount of money to kinda get it, but, but once it outperforms, it kind of becomes a benefit, right? Because- Oh, yeah. ... you'll, you'll end up saving money in the long run, right? Is that what I'm hearing you say? A lot of, lot of money, yeah. Um, and we'll kinda... When we... Especially as we get into the gem, um, update that's coming next, I'll tell you what some of those early performers are, but we are seeing, you know, when the algorithm does kind of pick up in your account, it can be a significant cost savings for sure. Let's talk about creative because I know this is- ... really a big part of this. Kind of exp- explain why the creative matters now more than ever. So creative is the heart and soul of wasted money (laughs) right now on Me- So if you are wasting money, it is from your creative. It's not your targeting. It's not your... You know, it could be a little bit of your strategy, but I will say I would s- I would, I would say 90% of cases, it's probably going to be from your creative, which actually is your strategy or should be 90% of your strategy right now. You know, the way you're setting up ads, I would say as long as you're setting up for leads or sales, you know, as long as you're following the basics of kind of good ad setup, uh, protocols, you're, you're gonna... The, the algorithm is very flexible with how many campaigns. You know, one thing I'll, I'll share there is, like, a more simplified structure we're seeing work really well. Um, even some advertisers have been able to stop retargeting altogether and just kind of pull it all into one campaign because Meta is just getting that good. They can tell if they should be retargeting, uh, you know, or if they should be delivering ads that would be geared more towards retargeting and things like that. So a more simplified structure, but most of the time, the problem with wasted money at this point is creative. And so you want to n- What do you need to know about Andromeda is you need a diversity of creative. So Mike, you know how we used to create an image, let's just say a static image, and then we would swap out the, you know, the headline on that image, and we'd swap out the, the colors and all of this? Or you would have somebody, you know, make a, a selfie talking head video or, um, you know, maybe, like, UGC, right? And then you would just swap out the hooks and the first few seconds of that video and you would diversify your creative portfolio that way. Meta is actually punishing that system now, okay? So your CPMs are going to go up if you're not giving it enough...... creative diversity. So that means, you know, the single image I just described where we're just swapping the headline, they're going to view that almost, you know, it's not exactly this way, but they're kind of viewing it as one image. Like, they're saying there's really nothing here that's different or unique. And the video- Wait. Just, just so we're clear, so if you have an image- Yep. ... let's say a beautiful shot- ... of someone with your product and you just change the text on the image, as far as the model is concerned, it's exactly the same. 100%. And so even though those are different, right, and you do need to continue to test those hooks, in terms of how the algorithm is rewarding accounts, it's rewarding creative diversity, not slight tweaks on creative with the s- kind of same, you know, central theme, if that makes sense. And so- You know, I think I have a r- I think I know why. I'm gonna hypothesize here. Why? The human eye is really good at recognizing pictures. And when it's, feels like it's seen that image before, it's going to discount it. Could that be what's going on? Because I know- I love it. ... I'm seeing ads over and over again, and like- Yeah. ... when they're different, uh, they feel new, but when they're not, they feel old. Could that be part of what's going on here? I think you're spot on with that. And playing... So if you kinda think through that, right, you wanna be thinking about a, a whole library of, of kind of categories here. Number one, you wanna be thinking in different angles, right? So you wanna, when you're thinking about your copy or, um, your creative angles of your ads, you wanna be thinking about pain points, pleasure, testimonial, curiosity, questions, right? When you think about, um, variations of, like, copy length, you wanna be thinking super short, short, medium, long, even blog length, um, in, in length, right? So really, really long. Um, last year, I was sitting in the audience at a live social media marketing world, um, both as a presenter and also it's just wonderful to learn from colleagues and everything. I remember Molly Pittman saying, "You wanna think of your copy as, you know, uh, with your ads, as kind of how we used to do SEO, um, blogging," right? So that algorithm is picking up on those signals of what is in your ad, um, you know, what are the key words in there, and where is that person in the buyer's journey. And so this is becoming very sophisticated, right? So you're thinking about all these different angles. And now when you think about your images and your videos, you wanna be thinking static imagery, short form raw videos, UGC, founder selfie type videos, polished videos, so a little bit of production quality, um, GIFs, carousels. By the way, carousals, there's a breadcrumb for everybody, carousals are very hot right now. Um, memes. You wanna think about static imagery. Remember that 60 to 70% of conversions on Meta still happen with static, uh, imagery. People are always shocked when they hear that stat. They think everything is surely switched to video. Um, you know, but Meta's own reporting is showing that, you know, what's really trending right now and, uh, the end of, you know, here we are 2025, is we're back to carousals. And so that's also trending in ads. Um, text only creative, right? Where maybe you don't even... you skip the image and you just have a static image with just pure text. And so, um, these are things that we see really trending. But the, the most important piece there to note is you want a diversity of these things. So you don't just want to fill your account with, you know, tons of static photos even if they're different, because Meta doesn't view that as a full enough library. You know, one stat that we saw was, um, uh, would have been Q1 I believe of this year, and I'm c- kind of just pulling this from memory, but Meta had shared that they had one million advertisers that had created with the new kind of AI tools that they had been releasing, um, 50 million variations of ads. And the reason this is so important for Andromeda is it needs a very rich and diverse library to pull from so that it can match. Again, if it's, if it's trying to match somebody's exact buyer's journey, then it can't just have two or three angles that are servicing someone who, you know, has very high intent and they're, they're ready to buy right now. It needs to service other angles, such as maybe somebody who, um, isn't even problem aware. So we gotta make them problem aware before we can even let them know what the solution is, right? And so it's, it's targeting all of these different points of the buyer's journey, and you've got to give Meta a lot to work with so you make sure you're getting that whole journey represented in your creative library. We're gonna share an example here, uh, from one of your clients in a minute, but for those of you that, uh, run agencies, um, this should be music to your ears because while you might not have a lot of work to set up all the targeting and stuff, you have an incredible opportunity to, to, to, to create all the creative. Am I right? Because this is, this is a overwhelming task for a lot of businesses, right? 100%. I would say that is where you want to position your value right now. As an agency owner or freelancer, if you're, if you're working on ads, you wanna be thinking about, you know, something that we're talking about a lot is, what is the avatar? And then, uh, you know, m- many businesses often have a couple different avatars. And then what are all of the points of their journey? And you wanna be designing, um, ads, and, you know, again, using that diversity, eh, of your creative library, you wanna be designing ads for every single point of that journey. C- So really thinking through that is going to give your client so much additional value. And I would think, where this could get really, really interesting is, for those of you that do email marketing and you have some winners there, you've got some great copy that you could potentially, like, use, like your best performing emails, especially if they have images inside of them, um, could be very, very valuable to add to the fodder, like if you send a lot of emails. In addition, AI, I would imagine, could be exceptionally valuable here. Like if you set up a really good cloud project and/or you use, uh, Gemini, um, Gemini Nano Banana Pro is ridiculously good. I mean like (laughs) , um, just little aside, I took my logo, uh, for AI Business World, which is our conference, and I dr- uploaded it as a PNG into, um, Gemini. Uh, you have to have a Workspace account, and I asked it to, um, add it to a coffee cup in a cafe. First iteration looked beautiful. Had a spoon there, a little reflection coming on the thing. Then I said, "Animate," and it created a little 10-second, and it had a guy get up and walk away that was in the background. It had a minivan kinda come by in the window. I mean, I totally coulda just used that as an ad if I wanted to, and, um, nobody woulda known. And I would imagine Meta has no problem with you using AI in your ad, uh, image creation and videos. Am I right or wrong on that? You're right, and I, I saw that image, Mike, and I couldn't believe, um, you posted that, I think, on your, your Facebook, right? It was... I was like, "This is a first draft?" I mean, so unbelievably good, and 1,000%, Meta is not only hoping you'll do that, they're encouraging you with their own AI tools on platform too, and that is literally to produce more creative because the new algorithm, it, it's not gonna function well without enough creative, so they had to kind of solve that pain point of, you know, we want to, um, uh... Who was it? It might've, might've been Jason, um, again who, you know, kind of... He, he made a point that this new algorithm is like, if you're just walking through a mall, you know, just browsing through a mall, who can predict which store you're going to go into and which product you're going to buy? And this is what the new algorithm is trying to do. It can only do it, and so, if it has enough creative, and so the solution there was to add to the platform all of these creative iteration tools, all the AI-generated tools that we have. Um- Uh, you ha- you have an example of someone that you're working with? Let's hear that story. Yeah, so this is actually one of my good friends, Carina Gardner. She owns a training company for creatives, like, um, folks who, you know, have art degrees and amazing creative talents who wanna turn their art into a business, and she's always done, and she does her own ads. Um, you know, she and I are always nerding out about ad stuff, and she has always done these, like, awesome paid design boot camps. And so, in October, in September, October, by the way, we have heard anecdotally across the industry, including from some of our, um, favorite Facebook people, were really rough months inside of the platform. I think as the algorithm, you know, finally did get installed on everyone's accounts, there's always an adjustment period, and I can't tell you how many just conversations I've had with so many colleagues saying, you know, they were experiencing the same thing. So, she had experienced a spike in her costs uns- you know, numbers she hadn't ever really seen on her account, and she said, "Listen, I had my top-performing video reels, same copy." She sent me a couple voice memos, we talked back and forth, and I gave her one of my recipes that has been exceptionally responsive to the new algorithm. I'm gonna share it with everyone here today, too. And she said her cost went from $86 per conversion, this is for a paid boot camp, uh, ticket, and she said, um, within, it was within like 24 hours, um, she added one carousel, three images. She used a lot of the generative AI, um, options that Meta gave her, and she had, you know, she just added a total of eight creatives. So we're not talking, like, you know, dozens of creatives here. We... She just diversified her, her creative library, and she used a specific formula that I'm gonna share, and her costs went down to $13.87. In fact, that was one of her records, and she's like, "I can't believe it. I thought the ads were completely broken for me forever." Like, "The algorithm doesn't like my account." It, you know, like, "What is going on? Can I fix this?" And this was, you know, a two-minute thing it took her to do. She had to create the things, but setting up the new, her new kind of campaign structure took her just a couple of minutes and saved her so much money, and so we're kind of seeing that across the board, um, you know, when you really play with this algorithm in the way it wants us to work with it, you're going to experience, you know, you're gonna experience some really good things on there. I love it. Feel free to share that formula that you were talking about. Okay, so this is, we call it our DCP, our dynamic creative formula. Funny enough, this is a formula that we actually, um, you know, kind of, we always, you know, as we create these recipes or formulas, it's, it's based on, you know, typically hundreds of thousands of dollars of ad spend, so we're A/B testing, A/B testing, you know, kind of putting together what's working, and then, of course, you can't just do that on one account. You've got to test this across a variety... You know, our, our company, um, our training, uh, company, we serve a variety of industries and business owners and things like that.So then you gotta, you know, test this stuff and make sure there's consistency across different industries and sectors and, you know, funnel types and all the things. And so we created this for, you know, quite a while ago for one of the newest, um, algorithm updates when everything started switching to Advantage+. We started seeing some really strong trends with, um, how the algorithm was reacting and now that we're, you know, we're here with Andromeda and we're going towards gems, we actually only see this formula getting better and better with age, which is really cool because that doesn't usually happen. Usually you have to, you know, rework things, uh, quite a bit. So you want to, when you are setting up for leads, you're gonna select, at the ad set level, something called the Dynamic Creative. It's a little toggle switch, and that is in your ad set. And if you're doing this for sales, then you are going to click at the ad level something called Flexible Creative. Okay? So they're called different things but they kind of react the same way, but basically what it allows you to do is to combine a bunch of creative into one ad. So instead of testing creative individually, you're combining it all into one ad. Okay, so you're, you've toggled that on and now you're going to add in, and you can experiment on your account, we see this formula being, you know, pretty consistently fabulous across, again, a huge diversity, different account types, different business types, et cetera, um, but you can experiment here with what's gonna work for you, but basically you want to max out the images, videos, and GIFs, okay? And I always recommend, you know, 50% images, 50% videos, um, is kind of a good mix there if you can do it. If you don't have enough videos, then that's fine. You just wanna put as many images as you can, and ideally these are top performers. So you can do creative testing this way, um, in fact we do have you set up in a way that, you know, kind of reflects this pretty closely. Um, but if we're, if we're just, y- if we're just kind of experimenting with this new feature, I would highly recommend that you just do your top performers if you've got that many. Then from there you're going to put in two variations of primary text. I recommend something that is short and medium in length, okay? So that's gonna be your starting kind of experiment. Two of your top performing headlines, and then whichever call to action makes the most sense, and then from there you can turn on all or you can read through and select any of the generative AI that suits your brand, and of course you can edit any of those and whatnot. I always say you wanna really look at those AI iterations and just make sure that they're on Explain what that is for people that don't know what you're talking about. What was that? Explain what that is, that generative AI use. Wow, okay. So when you put in your copy, Meta is going to give you a bunch of different variations of both your, um, primary text as well as your headlines, and so they're going to say, uh, you know, they'll give you, like, 10 variations and you can select which ones kind of work for you. And remember, you can always edit those but always read through them because sometimes, you know, especially if you're in a sensitive category, um, not a formal sensitive category... Well, anyways, there's formal sensitive categories with Meta but, you know, anything that is, uh, highly regulated and things like that, sometimes the AI generated, uh, generated copy can, you know, doesn't always, uh, suit compliance and things like that. So just make sure you read through it, makes sense, that sort of thing. Um, and then from there, so then you're going to go ahead and launch that. So this is like you just took all of these top, ideally top performers, you put them into one, you know, kind of delivery rocket ship and now Meta is going to go and test all of these different combinations. And here's the thing that you wanna know, is that it's not going to spend equally across your, your, um, creative, uh, variations there. So, um, just know it's going to pre-select which ones it thinks is going to be the winner. People always get super bugged by that; it's just kind of the, the way it goes. You can always do your own A/B testing that is, you know, much more, um, you know, you have the constraints of you have to force this amount of budget to this ad and things like that, but I will tell you that this typically outperforms anything that you'll do manually at this point. So we call that our Dynamic Creative Formula, the DCP, um, or Dy- Dynamic Creative Protocol. It is so, so good and it's only getting better with time. Uh, a couple clarifying questions on the AI front. Is it mostly text that, uh ... Or do they actually create AI images also? Yeah, so that is, that is where things are headed for sure. So right now when you upload that creative, it will give you, um ... And depending on your account, there's a lot of beta testing I see all the time across all the different accounts that we have access to. But right now there is generative AI that will, you know, crop things for you, it'll place headlines, it'll animate things, um, and we, er- at this point we recommend turning all of that on so when you upload your images and, or your videos, all of that, you're gonna see those options. Turn those on, um, those are fabulous. Just know you, you lose control over that, so if you see an ad floating around that has, you know, one of your headlines that's put on top of an image, it, you, you don't get to control that, right? So give up the control, let the algorithm just kind of do its thing, it's very good. And then where we're going, um, is going to be exactly what you're describing, Mike, where you pop in an image and it's just gonna go to town. It's gonna do all of your creative iteration for you, um, through its AI tools and that's gonna be a wild new world, but that's where it's headed for sure. How often do we need to replenish our creative? We're s- yeah. Because... Yeah, I mean, because, like, is this a one, one and done, or is this... Like, what's, what's your thoughts on this? Probably faster than you would think, and a lot of this depends on your budget, right? I don't think we're headed into the territory of some of these, you know, um, platforms that are, you know, like TikTok for example, just very creative demanding. Um, but I do think that we are going to have to refresh more frequently. So, we used to be able to let ads run for a long time. If you're thinking, talking like a smaller account, maybe spending a couple of thousand a month, some of those ads could run, you know, months, sometimes years. I mean, they, they start to decline over time, but, you know, you're still kinda getting good enough results to just let it keep going. And, um, on bigger accounts, of course, you're, you're definitely, you know, refreshing creative much more frequently. But what we know is that Andromeda, it is going to reward fresh creative and it is going to punish (laughs) accounts with higher CPMs where creative is fatiguing. In fact, um, we can talk about this too, they are sh- they're releasing new metrics. I haven't seen this, um, confirmed yet in, like, I haven't seen this broadly across accounts, but, you know, they're going to, there's new metrics that will be launching around this, but basically creative fatigue, creative similarity and top creative themes. Okay? So, this is where we're understanding things like, is our account most responsive to humor, nostalgia or, you know, things like that. Social proof, you know, those are gonna be new metrics that supposedly are coming to the platform. So, we're gonna have a lot more insight into that as well. And I, I don't want to give anything that is too formulaic here because I think we're just gonna have to wrap our arms around this a little bit more before we understand, um, you know, how long- You have a sense, you have a general rule of thumb, like once a month add new creative or... Yeah. I mean, if you are on a smaller account that's always our rule of thumb, is you wanna be refreshing creative monthly. So again, you're spending a couple of thousand a month, you should be refreshing creative monthly. Not to say your creative won't last longer, but that's where you should be. And then of course if you're working on, you know, much higher budget account, you should be refreshing creative weekly. And those are general rules of thumb that will probably keep you pretty healthy, and we may be updating those recommendations as we kinda see how things play out. Okay. Um, ad placement, you know, you've got reels and stories and all the shapes and sizes and stuff like that. Do we need to worry about that anymore? Yeah. I mean, you, so, Meta will, in large part now, kind of do the adjustments and the croppings and things like that. You know, it used to be that we had to upload all these different sizes and, and things of that nature. And now, um, now it will, it will definitely take the right sizing and put it on the right placement. So, that doesn't mean that it's always going to use those placements. You know, if your ads are meant for the feed, it might have a really hard time, um, with the sidebar placements. And so, it's not always going to place... there's so many placements at this point, um, that library has gone, you know, the, those, those, uh, that selection, uh, menu has grown quite large. And so, you're just going to place your creative and let the algorithm kinda do its thing. It will figure out the right size for the right placement and what should go where, and it's, it's very good at it. So, the, the big takeaway there is don't try to gamify it. Um, I see a lot of kind of rookie mistakes in this, that is like way, I mean, you're talking 2019, 2018 kind of techniques when you're trying to say, "Only news feed," or, "Only Meta," or, you know, or only Meta, only Instagram. A lot of people too, they get really, um, they only wanna do Instagram ads, Mike. I see this quite often. And you should just know from what we usually see, about 60 to 80% of your quote unquote Facebook ads, your Meta ads, are automatically going to be served on Instagram. But it really does you no benefit to say, "I don't want Facebook." You will get a much better result and cost if you say, "Put it wherever, and just know that most of it is, generally speaking, going to go to Instagram." Are threads even available as a placement yet? For some, yeah. Uh-huh. Okay, interesting. Okay, so let's talk about this GEM thing, you brought it up many times. Um, what is this, uh, GEM thing you've been hinting about that's coming? Yes. The generative ads recommendation model. Meta... So again, we see a lot of these big updates that kinda get released as initial breadcrumbs or hints on the engineering blogs. So this- By the way, that spells GEM just for the record, generative ad- Yeah, I, I know. Or, or is it... No. I was like, "Why did it become GEM?" How do they, how do they get, how do they get GEM out of that if it's gen- uh, actually that's JARM. (laughs) Yeah, I, I was trying to figure that out myself. I was- Anyways, keep going. For anybody who's like, "Acronyms, wait, how did it get..." I, yeah, I did, I was like, "Yeah. What in the heck?" (laughs) Um, but basically, okay, so GEM, this is where things are going. Okay. Um, this is the new super brain, okay? And this is the comparison, all right? So imagine this can read an entire library of books in seconds, it understands the relationships between all the characters, remembers every single detail, and you connect all the details instantly. This is what, this is the algorithm that is going to be layered on top of these other, uh, algorithm, algorithms that we talked about. And this is going to be, you know, how we've heard kind of, uh, leaders and even Mark Zuckerberg himself talk about this, where things are headed, is they essentially want you to be able to upload an image and tell them your budget, and it will do all of the rest.It's going to generate all of the ad creation. It's going to, you know- Titles, everything? Wow. All the text? ... ev- everything. It's going to animate. It's g- uh, it's just going to create that entire ad library by itself. (laughs) And so, this is kind of where things are headed, which is a wild world when you think about it. And what Meta wants us doing as marketers then is really focusing on what happens after the click, right? So, this is offer, customer journey. It wants that... It's going to reward whatever happens after the click very powerfully, because that's going to give it all the signals it needs to find our buyers and iterate and create the correct creative for this group of people. So, this is kinda where it will go. I mean, it's not gonna go there overnight, but that's the direction of where Meta is trying to head. So, it's kinda wild when you start thinking about it, um, and, you know, I saw again, Jason Lim, um, who heads up, uh, the, uh, you know, custo- or client solutions. I'm just trying to pull up, he had some really great stats on their beta testing of this. Let me just find that really quick. Yeah, while you're looking at that, um, there's a lot of people who are listening right now that are probably freaking out because maybe their- ... career up to this point has been doing all of these things. Um, I would imagine there's a window of opportunity for us that are really good with AI. Like, I have a whole show dedicated to this. And I use Claude and I'm... I swear by it right now that it's the best writer that's out there. And I would imagine if you can give really good quality copy and you can generate very high quality images with whatever platform, you know, right now as of this recording, Google Gemini, Nana Banana Pro is top of class, um, you can be slightly ahead of all of your competitors who are using Canva and, you know what I mean? And just- Yes. ... just the very basic stuff. Um, but I... But the good news is eventually the ads are gonna be less about the ad itself and more about the journey, and I like that, because there's still an opportunity for marketers because you still have to convert, and in the end you've gotta drive them somewhere, right? And that's where a marketer could, could come to the table. Um, you can respond to that. And after you share the Jason quote, if you found it, um, what's your thoughts? 1000%, Mike. I think the value right now... If you're in this space, I think the value is increasing your AI skills, um, a- exponentially would be kind of a good place to start. And I would say, um, really understanding the customer journey and the creative that's going to lead someone to purchase. So, kinda what we talked about, creating those client avatars, becoming more sophisticated about how we're thinking through those creative angles, creative t- uh, targeting and things like that. Um, and then also, you know, really developing out your strategy muscle. So, um, you know, thinking about the value that you can add post-click, that is where most of the value is going to be as the- these algorithms evolve. We're not getting there overnight. I don't think we're getting there, you know, within months. I think there's time. But if you know where things are headed then you can start to plan appropriately and start to think about, you know, how these platforms are changing. And there's always going to be space for excellent marketers who can help drive revenue. So, if you kind of just think about, you know, how... what, what can I do with my skills that help drive revenue? You're gonna find all the solutions that you need. Um, and I'm gonna share too, you know, when they've layered all of these algorithms together and updates and, and beta testing with JEM, um, they said in Q2, so they kind of started beta te- beta testing, um... You know, we've talked about Andromeda. There were a couple other updates that came with Andromeda. When they layered all four of these updates together, um, they... it delivered a 5% increase in ad conversion on Instagram and 3% on Facebook. But then listen to this. That was Q2, okay, so beta testing. In Q3, we doubled that. So, within three months it doubled efficiencies. When you think about how fast this is moving, this is a rocket, you know, ship. You wanna get on that ship, right? And so, um, this is going to move very, very quickly. It's going to evolve fast. I still think there's, you know, plenty of time to kind of get on board and start testing through some of these new features and things like that. But this is where things are going and it's going to move very fast. Folks, Tara will be one of, um, five, um, speakers on the paid orga- uh, the paid social side and o- and one of 24 speakers on the social track at Social Media Marketing World. Plus we'll have another 20 speakers on the AI side of things. I can assure you this world is changing faster than we can ever imagine and it's being fueled ultimately by the AI, in this case algorithms, creative, and all these other things. There's never been a more important time for you to study these things. I cannot wait to see you in April in Anaheim. Um, Tara, if anybody wants to, um, connect with you or potentially work with you in the various programs you've got going on, where do you want to send them? Yeah. start@successfuladsclub.com. Um, or you can find me on Instagram @tarazerker. Thank you, Tara, so much for sharing your insights with us. Thanks, Mike.

  Top Comments:
  1. @SocialMediaExaminer: 🗨 Use this five-part framework to develop a winning positioning strategy, including how to test your assumptions, gather multi-source market insights, and get internal and external buy-in for your messaging. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LQ-MW9aOl4g
  2. @Jebin-oms: Dump this algorithm
  3. @Jebin-oms: Worst worst update, ads wasting money it's true.
  4. @dammyoyetola7902: Thank you
  5. @GuaranteedPPC: WE ARE AT A POINT NOW WHERE MORE AD COPY, THE BETTER, WHICH IS THE COMPLETE OPPOSITE PEOPLE WERE DOING BEFORE.  ALSO, CUSTOMER LISTS ARE LESS IMPORTANT THAN THEY USED TO BE, AS THE AD CREATIVE IS THE MORE IMPORTANT THING NOW.
  6. @SeverinGavrila: good
  7. @danielschain: Fantastic information! Thank you for providing helpful and important content.
  8. @chrevychase: Meta is guilty of over-charging their ad customer base and has literally stolen shocking amounts of money.   Also, their ad platform over the last year has skewed to more ad spend with less results. If you know, you know.

I wouldn't trust META at all.
  9. @neilbaboolal9990: 👍

- Top 3 Facebook Ads Changes in 2026 That Are Killing Most Ads: Kind: captions Language: en Thank you for tuning in. Please let us know where you are from, where you are watching our live. And tonight, what we're going to talk about here in our live Q&A training is about Facebook ads, no'no. So there are many changes, but we will focus on the three main changes when it comes to paid advertising. And why is it important for you to know this and be aware of the changes in FB ads so that you can at least be prepared and ready for the next moves you make? There you go. So if you're here today, tuning in to our live training and live Q&A session here in my community. Thank you for showing up now. Please let us know where are you from? Where are you watching our live? Type that in the chat so I can greet you. Go go go. That's it. Okay. So before we start, don't type there if Coach J is loud and clear below so that our training can continue. There you go. Go ahead and tell me. Go go go. There you go. Let's just wait for our other viewers to come in. And that's it, let's start our training right away because I know that everyone's time is important. So what we're going to talk about here is, um, what are the changes when it comes to Facebook ads, right? That's it. So there's a lot of changes but there are three things you should be aware of especially now. That's because in 2026, there are so many advertisers on Facebook that what they used to do with ads no longer works with the current setup they have. There you go. So don't be afraid because these changes are not against us, they are to prevent us from using paid advertising. Apparently, the changes to it help advertisers make it easier, ah, easier to run Facebook ads. So we just need to know that we have awareness of those changes. That's it. So let's first, maybe I'll just write it down so our viewers can see it too. Go ahead and type. Thank you so much Amia Creative Studio. Watching from Pasig. That's Pasig City. Nice. Nice. Thank you for tuning in. There you go. Watching from Pasig City. The others, the others. Okay, before we start, let me just say hello . Go go type. Okay, let's get started. Nono. So let 's prioritize the first, first change when it comes to Facebook ads, especially this 2026 and beyond. You'll notice that there are many people saying this, but you need to be aware and know what these changes are for. Okay. What changes? Okay. What number one? The most trending change on Facebook ads and among media buyers. That's it. I wrote on the screen. Number one is AI algorithm. I just took a shortcut but the algorithm became Okay. media buyer. Okay. What does this mean, Coach J? An algorithm becomes the media buyer. Okay. For those new to this, what is a media buyer? He is the Facebook advertiser who sets up and buys ads on Facebook. Nono. So if you are an advertiser, consider as a media buyer, right? Because you're the one placing ads in your ads. So let's focus on the AI AI algorithm. So what changed? What changes? So it used to be okay, advertisers are welcome. Be careful when it comes to targeting. That used to be a cure. But what's happening on Facebook now is that there is still targeting that you can see when you log in to Facebook. But the manual targeting that we always do is no longer measuring like that. You will notice this. Yes, it helps, but Facebook won't say that if you put exact targeting in your targeting, your ad will convert. There you go. Apparently, Facebook did the targeting so that at least there was still an option because they can't remove it, so what is that? Um, their ads are designed so that we know where we want to be shown. But Facebook is higher because it analyzes more data than the targeting you set. There you go. Apparently what's working now is a broad audience. Okay? Broad audience and custom audience. Okay. Two. A broad means open targeting or um very, very large interest or a large audience. Second is custom audience. So that's what's most, most, most, most favored when it comes to targeting. So if you're new to Facebook advertising, it's no longer a problem if you're good at targeting. There, let's go. Let's go. Alfred said no, those don't seem like requirements to be successful with Facebook ads. You know the secret targeting, the right setup when it comes to targeting, right? It's not like that anymore that matters so much. Is Facebook keeping up with the AI algorithm? If it doesn't keep up, it will be left behind by other platforms like Google, um Open AI, and the other um um social media, even TikTok, that's the same . So they need to get along or else they will be left behind on Facebook. So what Facebook is doing now is collecting important data from Facebook ads. There you go. And then based on that important data, that's what Facebook uses to train Facebook's targeting system or AI targeting. So that's a bit advanced, but that's how Facebook ads work. Okay? So for example, you go to a website. There, go, buy a product. So now Facebook will use your data to train their AI and find out who else is the same people like you who will also buy that specific So that means your ad is now more highly targeted There you go. But he's not that straight to the point that the AI will work with your current setup now. You have something to do. So what do you need to do? There, let's talk about it. So, what you need to do, okay, number two, okay, focus on this. Focus on creativity. So why do you need to level up when it comes to creativity in 2026? Add creativity. That's so that everyone is clear . So your previous creative made in Canva will no longer work. There you go. Then it's just a picture, right? So add something, add some unique ingredients or new tastes. There you go. So for those who don't know, the ad is creative. That's what we see on Facebook, not the visual. That could be a picture, it could be a video. That's what you see. The call is creative. Add creativity. Okay. So now it's meta when you do something creative and it doesn't have anything like this. It doesn't have any elements or ingredients, let's just say it's like this. Meta is analyzing what is going on. So when meta analyzes, how do you spell analyze? There you go. There you go. Meta-analysis. Number one is the hook. That's what you said. So what I call this is calling out your I just narrowed down your target So that means, just in your hook, say who you're adding this for. There you go. You can't do anything else because you can directly say this to the investors. Okay? You can say in the hook that you are an investor or you can say that your hook is focused on the desire, outcome or problem of your target audience. Okay. If you are a business owner and are struggling to grow your sales, this ad is for you. So just hook it up. There you go. If it's pain, can you say that? Are you having a hard time with that? You're having a hard time with that, even though you've done everything, nothing's happening, right? Your business's sales are still down . That's painful. Okay? Now there's something called this isn't just the first line. So now you should be able to retain this. Video retention. That's a value. Video retention is what will tell you that your ad is okay if there is value in the content of your ad. Because if you get 3 seconds, 5 seconds, 6 seconds now and then they leave your ads, that means the meta is analyzing it from the start down. So Meta can't help you now . So for video retention, you need to keep them watching your video. Okay? Did you get that? It's not just a hook, right? No, it's not just clickbait. That's it. This is the best approach you can take right now. Since Meta is analyzing it, what do you think is important for Meta to analyze? Because you've got the hook, you've kept him watching your video, let's say a 1-minute video, right? I've watched the whole video for 1 minute . Then when he finished watching it, he didn't have anything left. Is it finished? There you go. So this is where what used to be called engagement comes in . There needs to be engagement with your ads. What are the types of engagement? For those who don't know, the type of engagement is like, comment, and share. There's an engagement. It would be better if you could do that in your ad. You can make your ad so that they share it. They will like your ad and engage in the comments below your ad. So the more comments you get on your ad, the better that is for the meta that your ad is good. Tell them to comment on what their problem is. Instead of revealing the solution right away, comment first with a keyword or specific question about the problem before revealing the main call to action. Okay? The others are okay. Rebuild the call to action after the hook value call to action. Your call to action is either send a message or learn more, go to the website when they click on the website if you have a website, if you don't, send a message. So you missed the engagement part that meta needs to analyze down in your ad so meta can reward you now and show your ad to more people Got it? Did you get the creative focus? So this is the breakdown, but of course when it comes to creativity, that's up to you. But you shouldn't lose the hook in your ad. Every time you launch an ad, there must be a hook. You launched ads, the content is good, but there's no hook. What a waste, right? 'Right? After the hook, what is the value content of your ad? Then engagement then call to action. I guess four is four, even in organic, organic it works. This is working. There you go. So whether the video is short or long, this strategy will work. There, let me show you. There, let's find a Oh okay, I'll show you why he's working. I have some additions. But why is it hidden? Let me check. I just double-checked the ad. I want to show you. Go ahead and go to YouTube. [laughter] Just on the YouTube channel. Oh, let me show you my YouTube channel. Let me share my screen of him working. Okay. So here, for example, I made a long tutorial. By the way, I also advertised this tutorial in ads. So 1 year ago 131,000. So why is he working? That's the tutorial. So here are 342 comments. There is a call to action there that I can take away or a problem that I want. There you go. When you give out a lead magnet, I suggest you have a prey word to say that they will comment on before you give out the lead magnet. Okay? So basically, let me just give you a little idea. That's the idea of how he works, right? As for the engagement part, you can comment, but it's not designed as clickbait. 'Right? That's forbidden on Facebook . But if your ad, your content is aligned with what you did before, before you reveal the call to action, for example, you created an ad. What's the addition? Sample about selling. There you go. What industry? Type your industry in the chat. Go ahead. There, type what industry you are in so we can find out. Let's wait for them. [laughter] Okay. What industry? Type that in the chat. Um, what are you selling? That's it. Thank you, Vincent for tuning in. Cartain. There, the cartain installer installs. Oh, right? That's the other one. Go ahead, the others. Okay, let's sample Amia. So if you are a curtain installer, then let's tell you what kind of engagement strategy you can do. Okay? What strategy? There you go. Okay. So when it comes to curtains, you install them and what happens here is that the majority of people always ask about your ad. They have no idea. So what you have to do is give them a sample, okay? Or a guide so they can know how much the price is. Okay? It's like something free that you can give to them. That's it. That's it. According to him, the goal is to make them curious and have them take what you want to give them, the gift You won't reveal him in the ad because if you reveal him in the ad, it's okay. But it's nice to have that engagement. So, how much is your pricing for installing your curtains? What is the best approach to installing curtains? What are the beautiful designs? So, anything that can help your client, give it to them. But you'll only give it once they've commented on your ad. There you go. Then you just automate it when someone comments. There you go. So that's the example you can give. Health and wellness, real estate. There, there can be a lot of real estate, right? In real estate, it's great that when they comment, you reveal what it is , the pricing, right? The pricing. Or if you're selling directly to the seller, you can ask them in the chat section of your ad to comment with a specific keyword like discount so you can give them the special discount on their messenger . Okay. If it's tripping, schedule for tripping, um also specifically, you also have to tell him a keyword so he can schedule a tripping. So the goal is to have engagement. That's always it. Even if it's multiple engagements, it's okay. That's better. So what happens is that when we add sponsored ads, we think of them as ads. Don't we forget that ads and organic marketing these days seem to be the same thing, right? So it's good that you incorporate those kinds of strategies that will engage your audience in your ad before you reveal your call to action. There, car sales agent, if you're at BYD right now, tell me or let's tell you what brand you're selling, so maybe there's a discount or maybe there's a special, maybe a test drive, then you have a free gift from him if you want to test drive this unit. There, comment in the chat on this test drive video, then you won't even finish your ad. So at the end, you'll tell him the call to action of what he should do next . There you go. So that's the idea of creating engagement. Call to action CTA is send message. I can message you. That's where your conversation will take place. How can you assist him? Learn more if you have a website. That's where he's going. There you go. Okay. So that's what the um strategy is. Now, when it comes to creativity, it's not possible to have just one creative Okay. So, winning creative so you can create winning creative, okay? You need to create multiple creatives. Okay? When you create a creative, 5 to 10 variations. Coach, what do variations mean? This is not an add. The variations are the same ad but the hook is different. Same ad but the call to action is different. So there is a difference. Same ad but all the thumbnails are different. Same ad but all the ad copy is different. So that's what I mean, right? He's not really 10 ads. So when you create an ad, there are multiple variations. Okay? So you can do it in five if you started with five . So focus on what you focus on, on hooks. Make five hooks. There are five hooks. That means different call outs. What you're saying is a different call out . There you go. Then what you add, the actual content of your ad. The body is the value content. It's the same. You just have to attach the hook. Okay. Another one so you can create a winning creative. Okay. Test different angles. Okay. Or different story story telling. There you go. So how do you tell a different story, right? How do you tell the story in your ad? How was the story delivered or who told the story? Is this a story related to this or a different story? Different angles are possible in different places and different types of ads. Example: Same ad, but your ad is that you didn't see him when you were at the beach. The other one you saw at the airport. The other one, you caught him right in the office. So different angles. There must be a difference. There you go. So that's important to Facebook . So he knows that your creative is winning, right? There needs to be different variations. And then Facebook will know what you did the most winning. There, you gave him multiple options. There, next. This is it. Here we are at number three. There you go. So if you're advertising now, you're just advertising and you're disregarding what's called data or let's say custom audience. Because on Facebook there is a custom audience, right? There's an audience. But when you customize it, it's a custom audience So these samples are what you can buy, purchase. As a sample, this could be the leads, traffic, videos, views you've gotten. There's more to that. Okay. So you need to utilize this data . There you go. You're using it properly because otherwise your ads are a waste because we buy data from Facebook ads. When the right people see your creative, click on your website, and make a purchase, it means you have data. Besides the one who bought, you also have one more data, that of one customer who bought. So that means you can use that one customer to create. Okay. like them or you can target or define on Facebook that I like Facebook. Show my ad to people like those who bought my specific product. The same goes for leads, the same goes for traffic, the same goes for video views. There you go. So this is a bit advanced. So just study custom audiences on Facebook ads and then put everything you can possibly do there in the Facebook ads you create. There you go. Because this data is very important in our time today. So the strategy that's emerging now in FB ads is something like this. Okay. The new meta ads. Okay, that's it New meta ads. Okay. That starts with creativity. What will they see? Then when you create a good creative, Facebook will give you data. Okay. Video views. Click on the website. Once you have obtained the data, this data is what Facebook will now use For So this is where the right people shown to you by Facebook start. So now what if I don't get any data? Well, now you won't have any trouble finding the right people for your ads. There you go. Because if you prioritize targeting, how do we do that? One 2 3. Number one focus on creative. You create beautiful creatives. Different variations are what will really engage. Collect data, data, data, data. Then Facebook will take care of improving your targeting. There you go. So your only focus here is number one. There you go. Data collection is a one-time setup only. And the targeting you don't need to set [laughter] because it's based on Facebook's data, right? So the fight now against meta is now being fought against what is called creative. That's who has the best creative on Facebook ads. That's what you'll notice on Facebook today. So the battle now is creative. There you go. But it's not just about making the edits pretty. The creative one is not beautiful because the editing is not beautiful. Oh, that's just a bonus Creative is how you can make your adapinish that is already ado noticed. So, if we go back to what we talked about earlier, in the analysis part, let me show you again the late ones who just arrived today. This is it. When you focus on creative, you also need to analyze what you're going to do. Start with the hook. Call out who the audience is. Call out your target market . How can you retain the people who see your ad? By giving value or providing solutions to them or by telling stories. Engagement. How can you engage those who see your ads so that they comment, like, and share? That's the best comment. You can comment, sharing is just a bonus, right? Maybe if I level up, comment, share and like. Comment number one . That's the best engagement because it's easy to share. It's like just one click. But when you comment, that's different. You are really engaged. Then you can create a call to action that will get them to take the last step of sending a message or clicking a button in your ad. Oh okay. There's a question here. Ah, CRM is related to leads. Ah, there are many options Francis, right? Yes, there is a hub spot. You can try CRM. I have my own CRM . So I collected the leads. That's it. I hope our very short topic tonight was helpful to you and will help you with the next ad creatives you create. Okay? So what's changed? Manual targeting. The setting. Someone asked earlier, what is manual targeting that he doesn't care about so much anymore? Manual targeting. That's what's called manually entering interest. Okay, the one who sets. So there's already AI. So your main focus right now is creative. So if we level that up, this is really the only thing you need to master this 2026. When you master creating the best creative on Facebook Ads this year, right? Imagine you're the one with the best creative in your company. Example, if you're selling you're in the car industry, there's a car agent. Then let's say it's not like that, let's say it's not EV now. Those are electric vehicles. So now, how can you create the best creative without selling EVs, electric vehicles ? What unique selling propositions can you think of? You take advantage of that because the opportunity is a waste. There are many people searching online. There's a lot of talk in the industry about what's going on right now, electric vehicles. If you were there, this would be perfect . And any industry is still like that, right? Still creative. You are in real estate. If you're the one with the when it comes to real estate, you'll be the one who gets noticed, right? Then of course, because many people pay attention to your ad, to your creative, Facebook will give you a lot of data that you can use, qualified data and that data will be used by Facebook for targeting back to the ad. So when they return to your ad, Meta won't have to start from scratch. He will start from there from ah the experience and from the data. There you go. So when AI was released, was that AI chat GPT? Let's just say chat GPT. How did you first chat with GPT? There, when you first used chat GPT, you started, create start. You're not unhappy with the responses the chat GPT gives you. Sounds too generic, right? It's really not good. But later on, as you use chat GPT for months, years, do you notice ? Intelligence. There you go, Chat GPT is getting smart now And why does he become smart? Because you blocked his Data is information. Okay? What you're telling him, you could have uploaded a PDF, you could have uploaded a report, you could have uploaded research, you could have sent a website, you could have provided context. So he's getting smarter. So it's the same with FB advertising. So targeting needs data, right data so that your targeting is, okay, be smart. It does n't matter who sees your ad. There you go. So those are the um action steps that I can give you tonight and I hope they will be helpful and that you will apply them to the business you are doing . And if you are watching this video, it's your first time seeing me here on our page or anywhere else. So I highly suggest to follow me on YouTube J Gregorio no. I'm more active there, I often post free content, free videos there. So, you'd better go to YouTube. So go to YouTube. Um, just type J Gregorio and you'll see my name there. And that's it, don't forget to subscribe. [laughter] It's free. Free. So there you have it, these are my contents. You'll see there, you can watch it. It's free. I don't have any paid content here. Okay? So for additional knowledge and skills when it comes to Facebook advertising. So yeah, that's it. Thank you so much for tuning in to our quick live training on my community. Thank you for your support. Thank you for tuning in. And um I hope no and I pray that your business will grow and grow this 2026 and beyond. We know that there are challenges, there are uncertainties, but let's look at what is happening and uncertainty as an opportunity, so in what we do, especially if you are in the business of providing solutions and helping people, we can also help them. Okay. So thank you very much. Thank you for tuning in. God bless everyone. Good night. Good night.

  Top Comments:
  1. @teamcoyocavlog [1 likes]: From Cebu … thank you
  2. @patters991: From Antipolo po,
I have a question po which is advisable po? Video ad, Photo ad or both po?
  3. @purificacioncapuli9058: from Caloocan coach , good evening
  4. @PANGGA16: From Bataan po
  5. @ryanchristopherroxas4075: bataan
  6. @weltropers9482: From cavite
  7. @ynnejteodoro219: from bulacan
  8. @aratoctimpoloc9142: my bagong course po ba kayo sa facebook ads coach jay?
  9. @MedardoBautista-r1v: watching frm davao city
  10. @user-mc5qr7ji7x: Consolacion cebu
  11. @lenabitare3741: From Marikina here :)
  12. @Jhay-h4e: hi coach jay! santa rosa laguna here
  13. @enricoabello793: Tanza Cavite viewers here
  14. @LeoNMitsubishi: too early ❤😂

- Final Expense Facebook Ads SECRETS for 2026 - NEW CHANGES: Kind: captions Language: en with lead generation. It's such a mystery to so many people. They focus on Facebook ads, Google ads, uh YouTube ads, and the reality is marketing your business has three really big components. And I think that this is one thing that does set me apart of the way that I approach it. It is truly the science of data mixed with the art of intuition with the skill to execute. Today you're going to get tips on running your final expense Facebook ads on Facebook for 2026. I have the owner of Social Waves Media with me once again. Thank you for joining me, Shauna Thorid. >> Ah, hi Doug. It's so good to see you. And we've got some really good stuff to talk about because there's been some major changes in Facebook world that every agent deserves to know about. >> Wow. Yes. So, uh, look, there's some kind of a spaceship landing. Or has it landed? I'm hearing about Andromeda. Talk to me. >> Oh, for a second I thought we were going to steer off into the what the 1A Atlas, like that whole thing that's going on. I don't I don't know if you're watching that. December 19th, we're going to see if it's a spaceship or not. Anyway, but yes, in Facebook land, there has been a new landing and it's a completely brand new algorithm that completely is changing the way that ads are served and also what we as advertisers need to do to adapt. And this new algorithm's name is Andromeda. Life insurance agents, if you'd like 20 life insurance appointments on your calendar every single day, all set by the clients themselves who expect to speak with you about burial life insurance. Or if you'd like a copy of the free new agent remote sales file, lots of killer sales materials here. Email me at dougufesonline.com or just click on the link below in the description. An algorithm. Okay. So, what's it going to do? What do we know? [laughter] >> What do we know? So, there's so much mystery around the algorithm, but it really doesn't have to be that confusing. So, basically, the algorithm is what makes the decision what ads that they're going to take from advertisers and serve it to the users. So essentially whenever you are advertising a lot of agents have the belief that Facebook is charging you per lead but they're technically charging you for exposure to their audience. So they're technically charging you. They take what you have. They're like, "Okay, this is about final expense. This is about insurance. I know that this person wants to get a lead." So they're collecting their email address, their phone number. They want to be able to get in contact with them. They then take that content and they go out and they show it to a thousand different people that they think are going to be the best match with your ad and get you the result that you want. Based on that a thousand people that they've showed it to, they're going to charge you a certain price and that's called the CPM. Now, if we get some leads in that, then that's awesome. We can break it down. We can see what the cost per lead was. But technically, they're charging you to serve that ad to other people. Now, as it's serving, it's learning on if your ad who is going to respond the best to. So, if we have Mary who's 30 years old and she's clicking on the ad, but she's not converting to a lead, and then we hit Bob who happens to be 67 and he is converting, it's going to hone in on trying to get more people that look like Bob and take your best creative to try to get it in front of them. So, it's kind of a partnership that you're working together. Oh, that sounds like a good thing. Especially when they, you know, for life insurance ages, we used to be able to target, you know, 50 to over 80 plus. And now we can't do that anymore. So, you're saying this will actually help us to target the audience that I would rather target that age group over the younger people, just to confirm. >> So, yes, if your ad creative speaks to that specific demographic. So, here's kind of the thing that Andromeda is shaking up. So first of all, it's important for agents to understand two things whenever they're running Facebook ads. Okay. So the first thing is we are actually we need to understand what Meta's goals are. Like what is Meta the platform's goal? Their goal as a company is to keep their people as engaged on the platform as they possibly can. They want people scroll scroll scroll scroll scroll. So, if you give them some content that they serve to their users and their users are not responding well to it and they get off, then they don't want to show your content to their users or if they do, they're going to charge you more than they charge someone else. Studies show that people don't mind getting hit with ads on social media if they're relevant. So, if I'm in the market for some new sneakers that I want to be able to wear casually and with a suit, and I'm scrolling and I see sneakers, I'm going to engage with those ads and be interested. But if they start going too far off it and they start showing me stilettos, not looking for those cowboy boots, then we go into western wear, they start showing me hats, I'm not interested in that right now. So I'm less likely to engage with the ads and also less likely to come back to the platform if everything starts becoming around something that I'm not interested in. So we need to understand they care about keeping people engaged. And then the second thing that agents need to understand is we're in partnership with Meta. So many agents think it's the platform's duty to go get them a lead. They're like, "I paid you. Go get me a lead." Mm- We're playing on their playground. So, an analogy I like to say is it's like if I had a t if you were selling Tupperware or Cutco knives and I said, "Come to my house. I've got 30 friends that have the means to buy what you're selling." You say, "Okay, I'll come." And then I say, "Here's the deal. I know you like to use bad words. We're very religious over here. Do not say any bad words over here." You'd be like, "Okay, cool." And then if I said, "I'm going to do a fun theme. We're going to all wear mermaid t-shirts." You would probably go, "I'm going to go to Amazon. I'm going to buy a mermaid t-shirt and I'm going to show up to your house and I'm going to play by your rules because I'm giving you access to my community." And I'm like, "Here's how we want it to be." When you have content that is relevant to the user and you're showing up on the playground the way Meta wants you to, then they're going to give you a little bit of a discount and your conversions are going to end up being better. So those are kind of the two things that I think agents need to understand before even diving into the algorithm. >> So will it be easier to run more ads or should will the agents be wanting to run less ads? How how is that going to change? And >> okay, really good question. Um how about why don't we take a look at just to kind of understand the campaign structure because then I think that this is going to make a little bit more sense. Does that sound good? >> Thank you. Absolutely. >> Okay, let's do let's do a little visual. Let me see. >> My audience loves the visuals. I I definitely do for sure. So, yes. Thank you. This this helps a lot. Please. >> Well, [clears throat] let me see if this is going to let me share with us. >> Let me make sure I've got the setting for you. You should be able to. >> Aha. Here we go. It is in a window. Okay. So, when agents first are you able to see my screen? >> I am. >> Okay. Perfect. >> Perfect. >> When agents first get in the back end of the ads manager, they're going to notice that there's three different tabs. There's the campaign level, >> there's the ad set level, and then there's the ad level. And the way that I teach this to agents is it's kind of like we're building a tree, right? So, the campaign is the roots of the operation. And that's where we choose specific optimizations and that's where we do declare that we are a meta special ad category. Then the ad set or the tree branch is the audience that we're targeting and the placement that we want our ads to show up. So we want them to show up uh in the Facebook news feed, on reals, on Instagram and so on. And then it's got some other optimizations. And then the actual leaves are the ads that these individuals are actually going to be seeing. So why would we sometimes decide to have multiple trees? Well, in final expense specifically, we might decide to have a multiple branch. Like this could be Texas, this could be Arizona, this could be Nevada. And now we can make our messaging so specific like Texas seniors, there's uh new plans that are available that can help with this, this, and this. And we can speak super specifically to Texas. Now, you might also want to have multiple tree branches if, let's say, we're running multiple lines of business that have audience overlap. So, this one is representing final expense and this one is representing Medicare and then we've got the leaves that are in it. Now, for many instances, you are able to combine and just have the one tree branch and have it all be in one campaign. But the thing that I want to make the point of is I used to say that one of the biggest mistakes that agents would make is they would only have one ad. So they would give they would build their tree. So they're building it in probably like a go highlevel CRM or they're building it by boosting a post and they give it one little leaf and they're like here you go. Go get me leads with this one leaf. That is one of the biggest mistakes that I used to always talk about. Now with Andromeda, it's not just a big mistake. It's a detrimental mistake because the way that Andromeda works, this new algorithm, it's changed two different things. It's changed the way that it serves to people and the way that it goes and gets the ads. So the way that it serves to people, it is now better because now we have AI in it. So we've got intelligence, learning, reasoning. when it is getting in front of people, it can better anticipate what people are looking for. Instead of waiting for me to Google um local gyms, it picks up on my behavior. I'm looking at a little bit more fitness than I normally do. I'm actually looking up healthy nutrition. Now, it's going to start serving me gym membership ads because it predicts that that's the next thing that I could get to. On the advertisers end, they're saying that it is best for people to create anywhere from five to 50 different ad creatives [laughter] within their tree branch. And now Andromeda is going to go look at them all. It used to be they'd have to test it like, "Let me serve it to a few people and decide if this is a good ad or not." Now it can read it. It can predict if it's going to perform well. And you might give the algorithm 20 ads, but only four end up actually being the serving because it makes a decision which ones we should put into bid and put out in front of people. And so now it's changed. We need more volume. We need more specific ads. We need specific messaging. We need to hit people at different levels of their customer journey. Um, so the gym example I think is is a good one for agents to learn from. If you have a gym, you could say, "Hey everybody in this area, we have a gym. Come work out." What's going to be far more effective is to create an ad that is for if you're a mom and you want to get in good shape, but you don't have anyone to take care of your children, we have child care here. If you are looking to gain muscle, this is our muscle room. If you are looking to lose weight, here's what we actually have. If you are looking for a community, we have these classes. If you're into cycling and lifting, we have these. So, we're really getting specific on the pain points and the benefits that we're solving for different individuals at different levels of where they're at in their journey of possibly joining a gym. >> So, that kind of sounds like a lot. And >> I mean, you know, for someone, look, you teach agents how to do this correctly. So, how does how does that change things for the agent who's never run their ad, you know, and they're they're they're going to be jumping into this? Is does this I mean, let I'm just going to ask it. Is this going to be that more complicated or is Facebook making it to where it's actually sounds more complicated than it really is? >> So, the most important skill set that you can learn as a business owner is how to hone in your messaging. So, so many insurance agents are great at closing a prospect once they get them in front of them. Like, that is a skill set. That's not my specialty, my expertise. I can have a conversation with you about that, but I'm not going to tell you how you need to handle different objections because that's not what my whole focus is on. But agents learn that skill set, right? There is a whole another skill set of getting someone in the chair or on the phone to actually speak to you about whatever it is that you have to offer. And that's the part that agents have to understand. It's about understanding the messaging and meeting people before they've made the decision or they don't even know what final expense is and move them down kind of the road of sitting in that chair and speaking to you on the phone and making that decision. When I have run my own ads in the past, there would be times when I would be marked as like I I would I would get this thing from from Facebook uh treating me as if I'm running some type of political ad when I'm not. Is this going to get easier to deal with or is this going to h keep happening with this this new these changes that are coming up? So the the technical we have to run ads in the meta special ad category. So the meta special ad category there's lots of different categories. One of them is political but we fall under financial. So it does not matter what line of business. So when you select that what it technically does is it limits what you're able to type in and target at the adset the tree branch level. And for years, people have gotten away with really generic, crappy ads because they've gotten so niche on their targeting, right? You're laughing cuz you're like, "Yeah, that's the case." Yeah, >> it's true. Right. Right. I believe I I was messing with the Facebook ads when they first, you know, we were first able to to do this, you know, like eight years ago and and we were generating like decent final expense leads for and I'm not exaggerating, for less than a dollar each locally, not not, you know, we're not doing Telus, we're talking in the local areas. So I just I know that the changes it just it just you know for someone like me who hasn't kept you know and I've got my team that takes care of that. So for me personally I don't keep up with it. I I guess you know my concern is that it's getting to be to the point to where there's more steps to make the technology easier but taking those steps is more work. So, it's like they're making you do more work to figure out what works best so that you don't have to do more work. >> Well, that's how it feels. >> It depends. And I know it feels that way. It feels that way for so many people. And back in like 2016 and stuff, my whole like my focus on Facebook ads was really getting the perfect niche audience. We all had little cheat sheets. We got together, we were like, "How did you layer this? How did you exclude this?" And that was what our focus is. Now, our focus is the content finds the user. And if your content is good, it's going to still get you those low cost per leads. Um, I have a long-term care workshop that I just ran for a large agency and we generated leads between $3 and $5 and we spent $40,000 in a few weeks. This so it still works. This is an established account, but we have very specific messaging um that >> converts really well. We hit them at all the different ways that we can hit them with the messaging. So something to understand I think with lead generation it's such a mystery to so many people they focus on Facebook ads Google ads uh YouTube ads and the reality is marketing your business has three really big components and I think that this is one intuition with the skill to execute. So the science of data, you need to actually understand what the data is saying to you because when we look at the back end of Facebook, it gives us the information to say your ad sucks or your ad is great. And it's not just looking at cost per lead. And we can actually look at an ad and go my ad creative is awesome. My landing page or my form is what sucks. That's what I need to fix instead of it just being a mystery. Two, the art of intuition. When we are running an ad or we are marketing, we are having to intuitively try to lock in with what that audience is feeling and thinking. Now, I asked agents in my membership group yesterday. We meet on Tuesdays and I said, "When's the last time that you have either gone into a Facebook group, a Reddit group, or you've asked Chad GPT or Claude to do deep research on what Medicare beneficiaries are saying about Medicare right now? What words are they using to complain about it? What questions do they have?" I go in the insurance forums all the time because I want to hear what insurance agents are saying about lead generation. I want to use their language. I want to get to where they're at so that way I can anticipate what I'm going to say to bring them in to want to buy my program and work with me. And then three, it's the skill of execution. And that's knowing how to use the platform. So, how to use Facebook. With Andromeda, the skill of execution is actually much easier than it's ever been. It's we set it up. It's pretty much going to be one campaign, one ad set, unless we want to get state specific. And then it's putting in a whole bunch of different ads. So that is having to increase your art of intuition and then understanding the science of data, the numbers, what they mean. It's very similar across all platforms. So it's truly a skill set that goes across all the platforms. I just hone in more on focusing on executing on meta. You mentioned lead costs and I know your company specializes in teaching insurance agents and other industries also to generate their own Facebook leads. What are the lead costs that an agent can expect with maybe a new account, you know, that's specializing in targeting the final expense market versus maybe an account that's been around a little bit longer? >> Yeah, absolutely. Good question. So when you first start running, I'm always very careful of I never want to overpromise because your industry is filled with so many slimy people that want to take advantage of agents. It just is. So I like to be realistic and say it's very realistic for you to go in and on your first campaign to start generating leads for around what a lead vendor is selling them for. So final expense, we want to get leads between 20 and $25 on that first launch. Realistically, most agents are bringing them in between 12 and $15. But I'm careful because there's so many different factors that go into why this agent is generating a $12 lead and why this one's generating a $25 lead. As time goes on, it's very realistic to get final expense between $4 and $8. Once you've honed in, you've actually looked at the metrics, you've seen this ad is working well, these ads are not working well, and you really start to hone in your messaging. And on top of that, the algorithm is working with you as a partner to try to figure out what you're all about, who you're trying to get in front of, and how to get you those conversions. >> Trick question. Here it comes. Which quarter of the year do you find gets the lower cost leads, you know, when you're running your ads versus which quarter seems to be where the the lead cost usually is higher? >> Oh, that's a really good question. So, we are approaching the absolute best time for a new account to start running ads, and that's Q1. It's it's just the nature of the beast. Q4 right now we've got not only do we have obviously people are like oh there's so many Medicare ads and AP and OEP there's also so many different e-commerce places that are advertising this is when they spend the most money so when there's more people trying to get in front of the same people Facebook has no choice but to charge you a little bit more and they're going to want to show the ads that key people on the platform are the most relevant and look native to what that person normally sees in their newsfeed. So Q4 costs always go up for everyone. Everyone around holidays, you don't want to launch an ad right on a holiday. Um it's also best for you the earlier you can launch your ads into Q4 and then just let them kind of cruise through. It helps a lot because then the algorithm is already kind of learned, got their pacing, kind of got it figured out. So Q1, Q2 are by far the best uh and cheapest cost that you're going to see. And it's just because of the volume game. I agree totally ag it's it's it's good that that you were able to tell me what I thought I already knew. So, excellent. Thank you for that. >> You're right. Now, I know verbiage has a lot to do with how an ad works and especially even when it's on a photograph or you know the image when you're running photos versus uh maybe video ads. So, first of all, do you have any any suggestions about the verbiage? And second, is there anything you can show me on maybe something general that you have kind of put together? I know you're not really prepared for this, but if it's possible, uh, I would love that. >> Oh, well, we can definitely like we can dive into messaging. So, so agents ask me all the time, should I run a video ad or an image ad? The technical answer is you should run both. But right now, I would say videos are much more complicated. They are much more difficult to use as a conversion. images are easier and they are converting. Honestly, in the space, I am still seeing images convert better than I am seeing them convert um with video. And if you're going to put your face on the video, I always say we all have a hundred crappy videos in us. I'm not going to pay money for video number three that I've made uh and where I don't exactly know what I'm saying. I haven't really honed in my messaging. So, start with images because they're actually converting. They're actually converting better. But here's another little secret, Doug, is when you have an image, there's multiple different places that Facebook can show your ad. So, for example, when you're scrolling, you see it in your newsfeed and it's this big, right? But when you're looking at videos, it's going to take up the whole screen. >> So, one way that you can get a discount on a discount on the ads that you're serving is we create a square image so it looks good on whenever you're scrolling in the newsfeed. And then we give it an additional image that's going to look native on the real placement that takes up the entire vertical screen that's going to be like this instead of horizontal. And on top of that, playing by Meta's rules of making sure that we only have content in the center. We don't have anything at the top or at the very bottom where the button is going to pop up. And then they'll even add music and a little animation and have their AI kind of spruce it up a little bit. Those are the best ads to start with for everyone. And they're also the ads that long term are converting the best. All video ads for insurance would not be a smart decision for an ad account. You need to, of course, have some images in there. So, that's kind of the image. What What do you have to say on that? >> So, I was I I guess what I'm trying to to do is is dig into the words, the the the verbiage that the the client's seeing, you know, that's more likely to get them to click, but not think that it's something that it's not. If that makes any sense. You know, the we talked a little bit the old school way was very gen general generic. You know, you may qualify for a state regulated program designed to pay for your final expenses. For more information, click here. So now everybody thinks, oh yes, >> free Uncle Sam, let's go. Yeah, I'm clicking. I'm clicking. Let's go. So how maybe give us give us some advice on that. >> Okay, cool. No, absolutely. We can definitely dive into that. So, the way that people absorb an ad, they look at the image, then they look at the headline, then they go up to the top and they read the first line, and they make the decision if they want to keep consuming it. So many agents think, I'm going to take my image and I'm going to put this slogan like protect your family, uh, uh, have peace of mind, and then they're also going to put, "My name is Shauna Thorson. I'm an insurance agent. Here's my phone number. Here's my slogan. Here's the state flag. Here's this." and they just like pile it all on. No, the resume, when you're applying for a job, your resume is to get an interview. It's not going to get you the job. People that give like a fivepage resume, like no one wants to read that. Your image needs to only capture their attention. So like even a turning 65 Medicare ad, it doesn't need to say turning 65, you might get on Medicare, we have the plan for you, like do you know about IEPs, do you blah blah blah. No, it can just say turning 65. It feels relevant. Then the next line that they look at underneath it is going to bring some relevancy to what they're seeing. Like a free guide for Medicare or a consult uh you may you qualify for uh burial expense coverage. Then the first line is going to hook them in and make them decide to read it. So many agents will put like free consult on the image, then free consult on the headline, and then free consult at the actual hook. We want them to all have synergy together. So your image can be super simple. It can be a you could have a state flag with a little bit of a cover on it and it could say something like the average funeral cost $12,000. Is your family ready? Then underneath it it's like free, you could qualify. And then you go up to the top that says um the hardest thing when someone passes is when they're not a when their family isn't able to grieve and instead they're hit with a $12,000 bill. And then you've hooked them in to actually read it. So the three different angles that I tell agents to hit on whenever it comes to their ads is I say people the decision drivers are with their brain, with their mind, and with their heart. So with their brain, that is the math needs to make sense. They're analytical. So for less than a dollar a day, you can protect your family with $10,000 to $12,000 final expenses. You could say most families pay 8,000 to 15,000 out of pocket when someone passes unexpectedly, but there's plans available to you that can stop that from happening. And really honing in on the reality of the math. The mindset shift is for those people that don't even know that they could qualify. So, we have some messaging that is you don't need perfect health to qualify. If you've been turned down before, you won't for this one. If you're on a fixed income, we have plans that are designed specifically for you. This isn't traditional life insurance. This is designed specifically for people that want to leave their family um with uh not having a large bill that they have to pay for or most people don't know. It makes me sad that more people don't understand that this exists for people that live on a fixed income so that they don't have to burden their family. So, we're we're shifting their mindset. And then the strongest one is going to be the heart and that's going to be the emotional play on it. And with final expense, the three different types of heart play would be protecting your family from the burden. That's the biggest one. So don't leave your kids with an impossible choice. Pay their bills or pay for your funeral expenses. um hitting on imagine if your family had to start a GoFundMe in order to complete your burial expenses or when you pass your family needs to be focused on your memories and not scrambling to try to pay bills and you can give that to them. Two, peace of mind that they're going to sleep better tonight knowing their family's protected. This is something that they can do today. One small action today can change how you sleep tonight. And then three is the dignity angle where you're saying like leave behind the memories. um your legacy should be love not bills. So hitting on those different angles and having some sort of combination of all of those Andromeda actually works in our favor and is going to be able to and you know what they might hit them with like an emotional emotional and then hit them with a math one that's like okay they putting together an entire journey so by the time they speak to you they're already ready to they know that they want to move forward because they've seen a couple of different messaging. We keep coming back to Andromeda. I is are agents going to keep running be able to still do what they're doing if like look we've been running a bunch of ads. We do it that way. You know we run we we already run like maybe maybe 12 pictures 12 images in an ad set. So is that going to affect us? Are we going to have to like take what we're doing and just kind of start all over? Well, how do you think and how do you think the lead cost is going to change once this whole Andromeda thing takes effect? >> So, Facebook wants you to get cheap leads. They want you to get what you want for sure. So, if you already if you're So, the difference of an established account, so if I come in and I'm a brand new account and I'm starting it, even with uh the skill set that I have of I I'm going to set everything up correctly, it still is like, "Hello, I have no idea who you are. We need to test a few things. We need to see your organic content can make a huge difference because posting organic content not only shows the algorithm who's interacting with you. It consumes your content. It knows what it's about. It knows that I will stop scrolling still for baby elephants and it knows that I will also stop scrolling for like AI things. So, it it understands that. So, your organic posting can make a really big difference uh helping the algorithm and setting you up to be seen as an adviser. >> Let's talk a little bit about mistakes that we see. What do you feel like are maybe I want to say the more common mistakes that agents will make to like blow the ad budget? What do you see them doing more than anything where maybe this message can stop somebody who's starting to do this right now? The biggest mistake that I see agents make is they expect instant unicorn results from their very first campaign and then they make their decision of if Facebook ads suck or if they're good from their one tiny little baby experience. It's just like if you went to the gym for the very first time. Like it's not natural to know how to use the workout equipment. It's something you literally have to learn and get better over time. And if you showed up and you use the equipment the wrong way and then you're like, "Guys, this gym sucks. I got no results from going to this gym." No, you're using the equipment the wrong way. So, for them to give up so early, that is the thing that I see. Like I tell agents, this is a lot. If you feel I you can take it in bite-sized steps, but if you feel like this is a lot for you to learn, it honestly is, but it is a vital piece for agents to be able to understand whether they're going to run their own ads. And once you do, it's like 15 minutes every other week. And I have agents. This is our first AP bringing in Medicare leads for $3.33. Agents first account first running Q4 $3 competition. >> Yes. Crazy. >> I have an agent that he just wanted to scale it down to a dollar a day just to let it keep running because he had met his volume and he's like, I am. And he was getting them for about $5.33. So, so this still can work. And then the other agents that aren't quite getting it yet, >> they'll want to run a big mistake I see is they'll run it with just like one ad and then they'll let it run for like a $1, $150. They don't get any conversions and they're like, "This sucks. It doesn't work." There's data that we can pull from that. First, we shouldn't have let it spend quite that much without getting a lead. But we can go in, learn from that, and constantly be tweaking your account where when you start running your ad campaigns, you can predict kind of what the cost per lead is going to be with the changes that you're making. So, it's giving up too soon. It's giving up too soon. It's saying, "This gym doesn't work. It sucks. Like, none of the equipment like is giving me muscles." It's just you're using the equipment the wrong way. >> Yeah. And I I see that with agents, too. I, you know, I do this thing, experience this thing over and over, multiple times a year where a new agent comes on and they get into their first week and then at the end of the first week, we're having this conversation where they're they're going, "Well, based on what I did, I don't see how this is going to work." And and you know, I'm sitting there going, "But you don't know how to sell yet. Um, you're you're you're just figuring this out. you made more mistakes this week than you're ever going to learn. And I feel like it's it's the same idea. You just got to push through and and just keep going and keep working on what you're doing. And you know, I mean, the agents that are working with you are lucky because they can reach out to you and they can get advice and stuff like that and and you actually work with them. So, yeah. Yeah. Crazy. >> Yeah. Absolutely. No, that is and that's the thing is it's like they accept that they went through that trial and tribulation with learning how to close. And I'm like, you have learned how to write very complicated business. You can definitely learn this skill set. And it's more about really honing in that that language of how to get someone in the chair versus once they're in the chair, how to close them. Um, and even if you hired a marketing agency, it's important for you to know how to manage them. There's so many marketing agencies that pull the wool over people's eyes on purpose and they operate better in secrecy because if they actually disclose what they were doing, the agents probably wouldn't want to keep working with them. >> Lead vendors, what are the lead vendors doing to generate, you know, their their Facebook leads that they're they're selling to the public, of course, versus what an agent would do? There's nothing that they're doing differently. The difference is most lead vendor pages are established in some way. They've been serving ads for years. So just because Andromeda is now here, obviously it's learning off of all the data. It's not like everyone's starting over from square one. They know that this is an ad that or this is a campaign and this is a a page that typically is like trying to get in front of this type of demographic for this purpose. But if that lead vendor's ads become less and less relevant, then the agents that have the ads that have the honed in messaging are the ones that are going to convert better. And when I read a lot of documentation from marketing agencies, lead vendors, I still am seeing them try to give workarounds like upload custom audiences, bring in your They're still focusing on targeting. Like stop fighting it. The wave's already here. It's going over your head. like you need to actually learn how to swim in it. And that means actually honing in on your messaging and focusing on your ad creative more than how to like work around this system to to get your targeting really niche. >> All right, here's a question that maybe an agent would want to ask that's generating their own leads but not sure how to what your suggested approach is. So, a lead comes in. Do you recommend the agent call the lead? How many times? What about text messaging? When should they start doing that? and and maybe from your experience, you know, and and I know this is this is going to be different from you from the perspective of of what you do to what I do where I teach agents how to sell, but and maybe even like when to leave a message, you know, when to finally just just leave a voice message. >> So, I don't want to act like I have all of the answers in this area, but from what I have experienced with teaching agents, >> fair enough. I well first of all obviously you want to get in contact with them as soon as possible. I have agents in final expense do two different things. One I have them have a custom question that is typically a reminder word. Um it's either a reminder word or it's who would be your beneficiary. So that way they have a name. So a reminder word could be we want you to know who you we are when we call. So give us um your favorite color or your favorite hobby. Um so that way we can say that word when we reach out. Or it would be asking them who their beneficiary is. And it can even be multiple choice. So that way it doesn't feel too intrusive where it's just like, you know, children, uh, spouse, or it could be like other or friend, something like that. Then I make sure that they have turned on meta. If you're using a lead form, you can turn it on where it opens up a messenger conversation the moment that they complete the form. This does not increase the cost per lead. It does not add any extra steps for the user. They complete the form. It says, "Thank you so much." And then it opens it up in Messenger and all it does is it'll say, "Thanks for your submission." It gives the person's information that they gave to the agent. And then it's got a little button of whatever it was on your ad, whether it's call now or schedule. I like that because it's a lifeline where you can get in touch with them. If you're texting them, you're calling them, you're emailing them, and it's not going through, you've got something to say, "Hey, um, you know, thanks so much for filling this out. You could even use their word if you wanted to in there. I anticipate that Meta AI is going to start letting us create custom conversations to follow up there. That's my prediction. Um, we're not there yet. Um, >> but I think that's where we're going because they already do that in WhatsApp, but very few seniors are on WhatsApp. So, I'm not even teaching agents to try to connect to WhatsApp because it's not really as popular in the US. Um, but I think the messenger it is going to get to where we have an AI assistant. So, that's really cool. So, another thing is I just recently had Claude do some deep research on what's happening in the final expense market. And one of the things that stood out to me was it said that 50% um how did they say it says 50% of leads that complete a form aren't ready for purchase until 3 months later. So, I say to agents and they fill out a form, look, I just filled out a form for like three different things that I'm like, never mind, I'm not ready for that just yet. And it was for rebranding photo shoot. And I'm like, never mind. These people feel like I ghosted them. I'm like, no, I'm just not ready yet. I'll reach back out. Um, so I say do all the things. Call them, text them, send them a photo of yourself. I say send a photo of yourself that like I have one agent that's getting really good success. He sends a photo that says, "Hi, I'm so and so. This is me with my cat. I hope you like cats. If you don't, just let me know and I'll leave you alone." And it just like to start a funny conversation. And he's like, you know, a grown huge man and he's got his cat. So, he normally gets some sort of just a response and then he can start the conversation. So, if you can personalize it like that, um, he's doing the cat thing. It works really well for him. That's great. But if they don't convert, keep their contact information. they've already raised their hand. They're at least somewhat sniffing in that area and interested and email them a few times. Have a series. You've got you've already paid for that lead. Have them in your CRM and send something that hits on the brain, the mind, and the heart and try to get them on the phone at some point. Even if you thought that they were dead, we can revive them. Zombie leads. We can do it. >> I like that. I like that. 50% aren't ready. >> That's what Claude said. >> Until later. Okay. So, what are the benefits of agents who run their own ads for generating their own leads? >> Well, one, the cost per lead, it's going to be lower. If you commit to it and you do it, the cost per lead is going to be lower. Two, you're in complete control. You can scale it up. You can turn it off. You can change things. And the most important is you're in control of your messaging because the likelihood of a lead converting over a message that truly hits like if it's like hey the state has new burial uh like things for you that you just have to click here and get that lead going into that phone conversation is going to be at a different mindset than the lead that has just read about in this area. This is how much funeral costs you can make a decision today. It only is going to be is specifically for fixed income. You don't need any type of health exam. and they get on the phone and they're ready to make that decision. So, it's just a different quality of lead whenever you have a little bit more honed in messaging, but the other lead still at least was somewhat interested. So, you could email them, text with them, try to try to move them along. >> What do you suggest a final expense agent does if they want to learn how to generate their own leads? Well, Doug, of course, I'm going to say that they need to sign up for my free training, the three keys to high converting insurance lead generation campaign. Um, I have that link on my YouTube and everywhere. I also have other free resources to get you jump started. I'm going to link that in the bottom of the video. >> Okay, perfect. That's an online training that will take you more in depth on what actually happens whenever you're running Facebook ads. And then I do give a special offer in that that is to my full course insurance click to close. Um it's limited time when you sign up for the training. You got about four days to decide if you want to take advantage of that specific offer. Um but then my course insurance click to close is always open for enrollment. It's always up to date. I already have blocked offs January as I'm testing new things with Andromeda to get that all all the new different things that I need to have added. I last added things about three months ago because of the note of how to bring the CPM down. So, it's a living. There's nothing passive about the course. It's living. It's breathing. It's lifetime access once you enroll. >> Okay. This next question may be a little personal and you don't have to answer it. Correct me if I'm wrong, but I thought I saw a photograph of you hugging an orca somewhere. It was Is >> You may have. Yes. Yeah. So, a wild wild thing. Before I got into owning my own business for 15 years, I was a trainer at SeaWorld. Um, and I spent most of my time with the killer whales um and then the dolphins and the sea lions as well. Um, so when I first got into wanting to start my own business, my techsavviness consisted of being able to turn on a computer and make a word document and send an email. And I was not good at any of those things really. So, if I can learn that tech side skill set, I do think that that's part of why I'm a good teacher because I actually hated marketing at first. I hated I didn't get into it saying I'm going to be in marketing and Facebook ads. I fell into this is the way that it evolved. Uh but uh I say if I can like learn it from where I was at, I think that's also why probably I break things down like the tree analogy. I really like analogies and visuals. >> Excellent. Shauna, thank you for joining me again today. Hopefully, we can do this another time and sooner than later. >> Absolutely. I'd love to answer any questions that your agents have. Um, and if anyone's looking for more information, I'm focusing more on my YouTube channel where I've got some stuff like what to post on your Facebook page and some other free resources. >> Nice. I love it. Hey, have a have a good one. We'll talk again. >> Thank you. >> [music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @Seniorbenes [3 likes]: THe Final expense trainer seems a bit frustration I can relate but he is awesome and truly cares and help.
  2. @sunnyvalecali6071 [1 likes]: Shauna and Doug are both awesome in their respective fields!!!
  3. @Planetgreenzen [1 likes]: Thank you Doug for the great questions you asked, i needed those answers
  4. @karen-r1e4w [1 likes]: wow!  great video!  thank you.
  5. @Seniorbenes [1 likes]: Her website is not working
  6. @ShaunaThoresen: Thanks so much for having me back, Doug!! ☺
  7. @LoyalLifeGroup: Hey doug
  8. @Seniorbenes: So this poses an intersting questions why do agents bail out early on facebook ads because it is trial and error with their money until it works and most single agents have a very small ad budget if any at all. Most agents are not starting businesses they are looking for jobs to pay their bills. I believe that should be the first disclisure to any new agent you are starting a business you need start up capital, capital to sustain your personl life, get ready for charge backs and also this is a failure business the more no's you get the better you are like a baseball batter if you hit 20 percent you willbe ok jand you will lose some of that 20 percent to charge backs so you have to be financially ready to address all these issue and many FMO's just do not disclose this to them from the outset. If agents understood this they would have enought information to make a well informed decision and limit their entrance into the business and thus reducing their failure rate. This is just my opinion based on what i have observed and experienced

- Meta Just Gave Claude the Keys to Your Facebook Manager 😳 This Changes Everything…: Kind: captions Language: en Meta just did something that nobody in advertising saw coming. They officially opened their entire ad system to Claude. And I don't mean some hack or workaround that could get your account flagged. I mean Meta built this themselves, released it officially, and it's already live right now. The things you can now do inside your Facebook and Instagram ad accounts using nothing but plain English are genuinely wild. I'm going to show you exactly how it works, how to set it up in under 5 minutes, and the smarter ways to use this that most people haven't figured out yet. Hey there. So, if you're new here, I'm Nick Ponte's AI avatar. While the real Nick is busy helping businesses with Mina Marketing, Hawaii's fastest growing marketing agency, I'm here dropping the latest AI hacks, tools, and money-making strategies. The real Nick reads every single comment on these videos, so make sure you comment below. And hey, if you're serious about landing some AI subscription-based customers, grab my AI cash flow masterass that I am currently offering for free. The links in the description. All right, now let's get into it. [bell] On April 29th, 2026, Meta officially launched something called Meta Ads AI connectors. This is Meta's own integration that connects Claude directly to your Facebook and Instagram ad accounts. And when I say connect, I mean really connect. We're not talking about a browser plugin or some third-party workaround. This is Meta's own server, Meta's own authentication, and Meta's own officially supported code. They built this because advertisers and agency owners were already spending more and more time inside AI tools like Claude, and Meta didn't want to be left out of that workflow. The integration gives you access to 29 tools built right into Claude, covering four main areas: performance reporting, campaign [snorts] creation and editing, product catalog management, and pixel signal diagnostics. All of it is accessible through plain English in a Claude chat window. No coding skills needed. No developer required. No API keys to manage. Just Claude and your Facebook business account. Here's the context that makes this genuinely important. Meta has historically been one of the most locked down ad platforms when it comes to outside access. Getting AI to work with meta ad data before this launch meant paying for expensive thirdparty tools, using unofficial workarounds, or hiring a developer. Earlier in 2026, there were real reports of ad accounts getting restricted because people were using unauthorized AI tools to tap into their Meta accounts. That was a genuine risk people were taking. This changes all of that. Meta built this connection themselves. They're officially supporting it. There's no gray area and there's no risk from using their own integration the way it was designed. And because it works through a protocol called MCP, which stands for model context protocol, it plugs into Claude right out of the box. No complicated technical setup, just Claude, your Facebook business login and a few clicks. Let me walk you through the setup because it really is fast. Open Claude and go to your settings. Look for the connectors section. Click add custom connector. Give it a name like Facebook ads MCP. Then paste in Meta's official MCP server address. You'll see the official Facebook ads logo appear, which confirms you're connecting to Meta's real server. Click connect. Meta will redirect you to your Facebook account to authorize access. Sign in, choose the ad accounts you want Claude to have access to, confirm the permissions, and you're redirected right back to Claude. That's it. The whole process takes under 5 minutes. Once it's connected, open a new Claude chat. Confirm the Facebook Ads connector is active, and you can start asking questions about your ad data in plain English. No technical experience required at all. Let me show you what you're actually working with once it's connected. The reporting tools are where most people are going to spend their time at first. You can ask Claude to pull your top performing adsets from the last seven days. You can ask it to show you a week-by-eek spend breakdown in a clean table. You can ask it to flag any ads that are running at high frequency with low returns. It pulls all of this directly from your account in real time. No manual exports. No copying and pasting numbers from a dashboard. On the campaign management side, you can tell Claude to pause any ads that have been spending without converting this week. You can tell it to rename campaigns, duplicate ad sets, or create a brand new campaign shell with specific budget settings. Anything Claude creates gets built in a pause state first. That's a smart safeguard meta builtin, so nothing goes live without your review and approval. For pixel and signal diagnostics, you can ask Claude to check your pixel health, surface any tracking errors, and identify what conversion events might be misfiring. That kind of audit used to mean digging around in events manager for 30 to 60 minutes. Claude surfaces it in seconds. Here's the trap I want you to avoid because I think this is where most people are going to go wrong. When someone gets access to something this powerful, the instinct is to hand over the wheel completely. Let Claude make the calls, pause this campaign, adjust this budget, launch this new test, and before they know it, something unexpected happens and they're not sure what changed or why. I'll be honest with you. I don't have everything figured out. I'm just sharing what's working for me right now. And what's working is treating Claude as a fast and capable analyst, not as the decision maker. Claude can see numbers and patterns. What it can't see is your business strategy, your profit margins, your inventory situation, or why you made specific creative decisions. It doesn't have that off-platform context that changes what the numbers actually mean. So, the smart play is using Claude to surface information faster, then making the call yourself. Let Claude find the anomalies and the patterns. You decide what to do about them. Claude as the analyst, you as the strategist. That's the combination where the real value is. Real quick before we go further, if you've been watching this thinking, "Okay, I get it. This AI stuff is real, but how do I actually build income from any of this?" That's exactly what I put together my free AI cash flow master class for. It's not a surface level overview. It's a step-by-step breakdown of how real people are using simple AI workflows to create income right now. You'll see the exact types of AI services businesses are already paying for. Simple workflows you can set up with no technical background whatsoever, and how to find the businesses that already know they're behind on AI and are ready to pay someone to help them catch up. It's the bridge between watching videos like this one and actually getting paid. Register for free. The link is in the description and pinned in the top comment. Let's keep going. Let me give you some angles that most people aren't going to think about right away. [snorts] Because right now, the majority of people who try this integration are going to use it to manage their own ads a little faster. That's fine. But there's a much bigger opportunity here for anyone who's thinking like a service provider. Think about what a typical business owner sees when they open Ads Manager. Confusion. Numbers that mean nothing to them. They're spending money on ads and genuinely don't know if it's working or what to fix. That's a real painful problem you can now solve. If you connect Claude to a client's ad account, you can pull a clean weekly performance summary, translate all of that data into plain English, and deliver it as a simple, readable report. No confusing dashboards, no jargon, just clear, actionable insights that make sense to a business owner. That kind of clarity has real value to someone spending hundreds or thousands of dollars a month on ads without fully understanding what's happening. And if you're doing that on a recurring weekly basis, that's a real recurring service with real recurring revenue potential. There's also what I'd call the audit play. You offer a one-time ad account audit where you identify what's underperforming, why it's underperforming, and what changes could help. Claude makes that process dramatically faster. What used to take hours of manual digging can now be done in a fraction of the time and that becomes a deliverable businesses are genuinely willing to pay for. You don't need to be a media buyer with 10 years of experience to do this. You need a basic understanding of what good ad performance looks like. Claude handles the data retrieval and pattern spotting. You bring the context and the communication. That combination opens this up to way more people than traditional ad management ever did. Let me be straight with you about what this integration can't do yet because managing expectations matters. First, Claude can't see your actual ad creatives. No images, no video, no ad copy. It only works with structural data and performance metrics. So, it can't evaluate whether your hook is compelling or tell you why a specific creative stopped working. That judgment still requires a human. Second, this integration doesn't touch Meta's advantage plus optimization layer. Claude can't adjust bidding algorithms or change how Meta's own AI is targeting your audience. Those systems are still entirely under Meta's control. Third, there's a rate limit. Meta caps the integration at around 200 API calls per hour per ad account. On a large account doing heavy analysis, you can hit that faster than you'd expect. None of this makes the tool useless. It just means you use it for what it's built for right now. Reporting, auditing, editing, and diagnostics. That's where it shines. Here's what I want to leave you with. The tools that used to require a full team of specialists are now accessible to anyone willing to learn how to use them. And the people who learn this stuff early are going to be the most valuable and hardest to replace in the next wave of business. You're watching this right now for a reason. You're paying attention to what's actually changing. That already puts you ahead of most people who are still sitting on the sidelines waiting for things to slow down. They won't slow down. If you're ready to go further and actually turn AI tools like this into real recurring income, my free AI cash flow masterass walks you through the full system step by step. You'll see the exact types of AI services businesses are already paying for, how to identify the clients who are ready to pay, and how to put it all together without needing to write a single line of code. And as a bonus, you'll get access to a free 30-day trial of the all-in-one platform I personally use to run my agency and manage clients. I haven't found anything that comes close to it for actually building and managing a real client base. Pure AI chat tools weren't designed to handle what this platform does on the client management side. The link is in the description and I pin it in the top comment so you won't miss it. Subscribe so you catch what's coming next. Drop a comment below letting me know if you're going to try the Meta and Claude integration. See you in the next one.

  Top Comments:
  1. @NickPonte808 [1 likes]: 🔥I’m giving away my step-by-step course for FREE! Drop a LIKE, share this with someone who needs it, and comment below—I’ll send it over!
  2. @Ms.Dorissa [1 likes]: So if I'm having issues with Facebook Ads Manager can integrating Claude help me fix those issues? Because Facebook support is impossible to reach
  3. @vivi450 [1 likes]: the problem is that Facebook is dead
  4. @mysticv8051: Extremely insightful, thanks! I would love to take a look at your course as someone that has some knowledge of these tools. I find that a lot of people make courses that promise a lot but deliver little except extreme beginner information that feels good to know but doesn’t actually move the needle. Thanks :)
  5. @whatamazing-i7w: The details mentioned here provide useful context for discussion.
  6. @user-ve4pt1li2o: I used to believe rich people were lucky or corrupt. After reading Smart Broke Dumb Rich by Zor Veyl I see it is mostly financial literacy. The kind they deliberately keep out of schools so regular people stay stuck.
  7. @MRBusiness-g1p: Reading Smart Broke Dumb Rich by Zor Veyl hit me hard. I finally understood my parents were not bad with money. They just never got the right information. The game was rigged before they even started.
  8. @lucakollewijn3583: NEED IT!!🔥
  9. @mbuajessy7406: Am trying to get access to the free master class but am not able
  10. @Chris-TMH: (READ): To the owner of this channel and everyone reading this, do a quick online search for:  "Above Phone"  and read what it's about especially if you're tired of all these AI data centers and big tech companies who obviously don't care about the public or any of our opinions. Trust me you won't want to miss this. Stay safe everyone ✌️
  11. @jkgames3997: Send it
  12. @NickPonte808: 🔥I’m giving away my step-by-step course for FREE! Drop a LIKE, share this with someone who needs it, and comment below—I’ll send it over!

- How to CRUSH Facebook Ads on a Small Budget in 2026 (Full Breakdown): Kind: captions Language: en $50 a day, that's what most people tell you is not enough to run Meta ads. Well, they're completely wrong. In 2026, Meta completely rebuilt its algorithm from the ground up and it's called Andromeda. And here's what nobody's talking about. This new system actually punishes bloated, overcomplicated accounts and it rewards simplicity and that works to your benefit. Which means if you're a local business, a plumber, a med spa, a gym, a roofing company, running $50 a day with the right structure, you know you have an unfair advantage over agencies below 10 grand a month with trash creatives and 15 campaigns fighting each other for the same exact audience. I'm about to show you the exact campaign setup, the targeting approach, and the creative strategy I'd use to dominate your local market on $50 a day step-by-step. And if you set this up wrong, even one setting, you're lighting that $50 on fire every single day. So, stay locked in. This is going to be the full breakdown. And if you're new to this channel, my name's Christian Jamal. I've spent well over a hundred million dollars on Facebook and paid ads. And on this channel, I make videos specifically for businesses that use Meta ads for lead generation. Everything here is about helping you actually understand Meta, run better ads, and scale without guessing. So, let's dive in. First things first, let me explain why this works in 2026 and didn't work back in 2023. The old Meta algorithm needed volume. It needed data. And if you were spending a day, you weren't generating enough conversions for the algorithm to learn and actually optimize. You were stuck in the learning phase pretty much forever. So, your CPA was insane. You were basically donating to Zuckerberg. Andromeda flipped that. The new system uses cross-account intelligence. It's learning from every single advertiser on the platform, not just your account. It predicts who's going to convert with 87% accuracy before your ad even gets delivered. So now, a $50 a day account with a clean structure and a strong creative gets the same quality of algorithmic optimization as a $50,000 account. The playing field simply got leveled, but only if your setup is dialed. But here's the part that no one tells you. Most people still set up their campaigns like it's 2023 and that's exactly why they're losing. Let me break down exactly what you need to do instead. First, your campaign structure. I know this sounds crazy and you've been told to run a testing campaign, a scaling campaign, a retargeting campaign, and all these things, but they're all simply dead. In 2026 with $50 a day, you're running one Advantage Plus campaign with one ad set. Why? Because every time you split your budget across multiple campaigns, you're splitting the algorithm's ability to learn on top of what it already knows. You're basically starving it. $50 in one campaign gives Andromeda enough signal to optimize. $50 split across three campaigns, well, none of them will exit the learning phase. One campaign, one ad set. All your budget in one place. That's the foundation. Second is targeting and this is where you need to trust the process. You don't need to overcomplicate it. You're going to use Advantage Plus audiences. That means you're giving Meta a suggestion, not a restriction. Upload your customer list, even if it's 50 people, even if it's just your email list. That's your seed audience. You're telling Andromeda, "These are the people who already pay me or have tried to pay me. Find me more people like them." And then you can expand beyond that. You do not need to lock it down to a 5-mi radius and people interested in plumbing. That's 2021 strategies. That's killing your results. On $50 a day, the system will naturally stay local because local intent signals you are the strongest for the offer. Let the algorithm breathe. You need to trust it. Third is your budget and bidding structure. $50 a day, daily budget, not lifetime. Your bid strategy, it needs to be highest volume. Do not touch cost per result goals yet. At $50 a day, you don't have enough data to constrain the algorithm with a cost cap. You're in data collection mode for the first 21 days. 21 days, you don't touch anything. I know that's hard to hear, but this is where 90% of small budget advertisers blow it. They panic on day four, they start changing things, they reset the learning phase, they they add this little thing to the audience. Three weeks of discipline now saves you months of wasted spend later. So, don't be the person who pulls the plug too early. Now, the creative. And this is where the real money is made. And here's the truth nobody wants to say out loud. In 2026, your creative is your targeting. Andromeda uses your ad creative as the primary signal to decide who sees your ad. Not your audience settings, not your interests. Your visuals and your copy tell the algorithm who to show it to. It's really that simple. So, if your creative is a generic stock photo garbage, the algorithm has no idea who to target and your money basically evaporates. Inside your single ad set, you're running a minimum of three ads. And here's the rule, they cannot look the same. Meta's visual recognition AI will flag creatives that look similar. Same images with different text overlays, well, the system treats that as one creative and it will raise your CPMs as punishment. Here's what I'd run. Ad one, a talking head testimonial. Film a real customer, even on your iPhone. 30 seconds, raw, no fancy editing. "I called them and they showed up same day, fixed my problem, and it was cheaper than the other quotes." The algorithm loves this format because it looks native to the feed, it doesn't feel like an ad. Ad number two, a before and after carousel. Carousels are crushing it right now. Take a real project photo, before on the left and after on the right. No stock images, your real work. The swipe-through action tells the algorithm people are engaged and it builds instant credibility. And now for ad number three, a static image with a direct offer. Text-heavy, bold, something like, "Tampa homeowners, free roof inspection, zero obligation." Static images with strong copy still drive 60 to 70% of conversions on Meta. Don't sleep on them because everyone's chasing video. Three ads, three completely different formats, one ad set, $50 a day. The algorithm now has variety to test audiences, to learn from, and enough to optimize without you having to do anything. Real quick, if you're watching this and you're serious about scaling your business with Meta ads, Google ads, funnels, automations, and AI, all of it, I built something specifically for you. It's called Click to Client. It's a full course and it's completely free and it's in the first link down below in the description. Literally no catch. I just got tired of people wasting money because they didn't have a system, so I built one and made it free. Link is below the video, click it and get access and start building. All right, now back to the $50 playbook. Most people obsess over cost per lead or cost per purchase. That's the scoreboard. But there's one metric that tells you if your campaign is healthy or dying before results ever change. It's CPMR, cost per 1,000 reach. This tells you how much you're paying to reach new people. If your CPMR starts climbing, $12 then 18 then 25, that means your creative is fatiguing. The algorithm is running out of new people to show your ads to. You're paying more to reach the same eyeballs. And when that happens, and it usually is right around week three or week four, you don't adjust your budget. You don't change your targeting. You refresh your creatives. Swap in a new testimonial, create a new carousel, maybe a new static ad. Keep the campaign structure identical, just feed the machine more fuel. This is how you make $50 a day last. You're not consistently rebuilding the campaigns, you're keeping everything under one bulletproof structure and rotating creatives through it like ammunition. Same structure, fresh creatives every month. That's the game. That's how you turn $50 a day into a client acquisition machine in 2026. The algorithm rewards simplicity and creative variety. So, give it both. If you want me to personally build this out for your business, targeting, creative strategy, and the whole system, the link is in the description to work with me one-on-one consulting for your business. And also hit that subscribe button. I'm dropping these playbooks every single week. And if $50 a day sounds good, wait until you see what happens when you scale this up to 200, 300, 500 dollars a day. And that's pretty much it for me. I'll see you guys on the next one.

  Top Comments:
  1. @KingAjClash [3 likes]: The Andromeda algorithm explanation actually makes sense now. Thanks for the value, man!
  2. @dailyasuoslop [3 likes]: Needed this thank you!
  3. @RobertZacharia78 [2 likes]: Finally! Someone talking about real budgets. I’m an HVAC owner in a mid-sized city. Do you think this $50/day strategy holds up in high-competition service areas, or should I lean more into the 3-creative formula?
  4. @SirToxicOfficial [2 likes]: 🔥🔥🔥
  5. @Bridgestemtutor [1 likes]: Great video! A few questions 1) for a specific niche type of business do you still suggest advantage+ when targeting  40-60 year olds? Since it’s just a suggestion on adv+ now. 2) I usually see results drop off significantly after 5 days as I’m more direct to offer, how do I prevent that? My conversion event is scheduling a call and I get no calls usually after day 5. 3) how would the structure change for a $30/day budget?  Thanks in advance!!
  6. @GarryNashville3003 [1 likes]: Wait, if I have 3 creatives in one ad set at $50/day, isn't Meta just going to dump all the spend into one 'winner' after 48 hours anyway? How do you force testing on that budget?
  7. @costo8779: Bro for 07:33 does adding those new ad creatives to the adset will reset the learning phase? If no that's great! If it does, should we put those new creatives in a new adset? 

Also another question please, you said "be disciplined for 21 days don't touch the campaign" but i've seen many videos say "test with a budget of 3 to 5 times your target CPA, if after spending 3 to 5x your target CPA and the ad ain't profitable, you turn it off" which option is the correct one?
  8. @costo8779: bro but when u put 1 video and 1 image in the same adset meta puts 90% of the budget in the video
  9. @s_top_loss: Are you saying that for someone who has been running ads before, that using lookalike audiences or previously engaged audiences needs to be included in your audience targeting?
  10. @Xaehhh: Bro can i trust you im planning to run paids ugc ads ai for clients soon im lockin in but do need some support like content that helps

- How to CRUSH Meta Ads with a Small Budget in 2026: Kind: captions Language: en If you believe you need a massive budget to win with Meta Ads in 2026, you're wrong. If your Facebook Ads haven't generated the leads and sales you're looking for, I'm here to tell you it is not because you don't have enough money. It's probably because you're thinking like a big brand. Small budgets don't lose because they're small. They lose because they're scattered, constantly tinkered with, spread thin, pointed at everyone, obsessed with vanity metrics, and chasing unrealistic returns. Meanwhile, there are small business owners that I know are generating consistent leads and sales every single day on $20, $50, $100 a day because we have cracked the code on how to crush Meta Ads with a small budget in 2026. Today, I'm going to show you exactly how to win that game. Five steps, no fluff, no just go viral nonsense. Just real strategy that works for real small businesses when money is tight and every dollar matters. And in case you don't know, I'm Brandy with Life Marketing, the digital marketing agency with a mission to help small businesses grow. We've driven over $272 million in revenue for small businesses to date using social media ads alone. So, that doesn't even count the results we've driven from Google Ads or email. You can click the link below to get a free custom marketing proposal and quote to go with it if you want to see what it would be like to have us handle all of your ads for you. Otherwise, let's get into it with step one. Stop touching your ads every day. And before you click out because you think this is obvious or not real advice, I am telling you exactly what worked for the small businesses whose results you just saw. So, you let me know if this sounds familiar. You launch a campaign. Day one, no sales. Day two, cost per click is high. Day three, still no sales. Day four, you panic and change something. You add a new creative. You adjust the targeting. You change the budget a little. Maybe you just create a new campaign entirely. You're thinking it's a fresh start, but the reality is now Meta asks you start over. Here's what you need to understand. Meta goes through what's called a learning phase. During that period, it is aggressively testing who to show your ads to, when to show them, which placements work best, which frequency converts, and which users inside your audience are most likely to take action. With a small budget, that learning takes longer because you're generating fewer conversions. If you keep adjusting your ads every 48 hours, you are forcing Meta to restart its learning phase over and over and over again. You never let the system stabilize long enough to optimize. So, I know you might not want to hear this, but small budgets require patience. All the results I showed you at the beginning of this video are real small business clients of ours, and they were results from within a 30-day period, but hear me, they did not get those within the first 30 days of working with us. So, set a rule for yourself and no major changes for at least 7 days, sometimes even 10 to 14 days depending on conversion volume. You can analyze performance during that time. You can prepare new creatives to have them ready. You can plan improvements and all of that, but don't actually change anything in Facebook Ads Manager yet because if you do, you're just resetting the machine. Meta's algorithm is powerful, but it needs clean data and time in order to be powerful. So, when you stop helicopter parenting your ads, you give the system the chance to actually do its job. Step two, stop trying to sell to everyone. Small budgets cannot afford broad messaging. Big brands can run generic ads because they have enough money to reach everybody multiple times. You don't. If your messaging sounds like it's meant for anyone who might be interested, you are blending into the noise and burning cash. Small budgets win by being specific. For instance, instead of premium skin care, say acne-safe skin care for women in their 30s who are tired of products that make it worse. The more specific you get, the more your ideal customer feels like you're talking directly to them. And when someone feels understood, they pay attention. Plus, the way the Meta Ads algorithm works now is it studies your ad creative, copy, and so on, and chooses who to show your ad to based on those things, not just the targeting that you've set. So, if you're being specific in your ads, it helps Meta find your exact target audience sooner. So, if you're thinking to yourself, "Okay, how can I be more specific on who my ad is for?" Look at your existing customers and ask yourself these questions. Who spends the most? Who complains the least? Who buys again? Who refers others? The answer to those questions will help you discover your audience lane. So, re-engineer your messaging around that person. Talk about their exact pain points. Highlight benefits that matter to them, and use language that they would use. If you're operating on a tight budget, clarity beats reach every single time. And once you're speaking clearly to the right person, you need to make sure your objective matches your goal, which brings us to step three. Only run sales or lead campaigns. If your budget is small, you do not have the luxury of getting your name out there. Brand awareness campaigns are for companies with deep pockets and long time horizons. You need revenue. So, when you're picking your campaign objective, it's important to remember that Meta's algorithm is literal. If you tell it to optimize for engagement with an engagement campaign, it will find people who like and comment. If you tell it to optimize for traffic with a traffic campaign, it will find you people who click, not click and convert. If you want leads, run a leads campaign. If you want sales, run a sales campaign. Point blank period. Because the leads campaign optimizes for qualified leads. The sales campaign optimizes for purchases, not just clicks. When money is tight, every campaign should have a direct path to the actual conversion goal you want. So, think of your first campaigns as your testing ground for a repeatable system. Once that system produces consistent leads or sales at a profitable cost, that's when growth compounds. And if you want to reduce wasted testing in your ad spend even further, there's a smarter way to approach your creatives. So, step four, copy what's already working. One of the biggest advantages you have in 2026 is transparency. Meta Ads Library exists, people. Your competitors' ads are public, and while you cannot see the exact results on all of your competitors' ads, you can likely trust that if an ad has been running for 6 months or longer, it's probably working for that business. Small budgets cannot afford expensive guesswork. So, instead of trying to invent something completely new from scratch, model what's proven in your industry. Look at what angles your competitors are using, whether they lead with testimonials or pain points, if they use UGC-style videos or user-generated content-style videos or polished brand content, how their headlines are structured, what kind of offers are they promoting. You are not copying word for word, you are modeling structure and strategy. Everybody say that with me, modeling, not plagiarizing. If you notice that three top competitors all lead with customer results in the first 5 seconds of their video, that should be a signal to you on what you need to include in the first 5 seconds of your video ad. If you see long-form educational ads consistently running, that's a signal. If testimonial-style creatives dominate your industry, that's a signal. This shortcut saves you thousands in failed experiments. When budgets are small, the goal is not innovation for the sake of it. The goal is traction. And once you have traction, then you refine, which brings us to the mindset shift that makes or breaks small businesses advertising. Step five, be realistic about profit. this is the hardest pill to swallow, but I am nothing if not real with you guys on this channel. Most small advertisers think they need a 10x return on ad spend to succeed. They don't. Now, don't get me wrong, we've had way higher than 10x returns for a lot of our small business clients. I'm not saying it's impossible or something you shouldn't aspire towards, but when your product sells for a thousand and you acquire a customer for 300, that's a 3.3x return. Some people will look at that and say that's not amazing, but if your margins allow it and you can reinvest that profit into more ads, you've now built a machine that can gradually and sustainably start growing. That's exactly what we did with our health coach client who's now generated over 10,000 leads and over 23,000 purchases through our ads. So, you see how it worked out for them. Now, as you scale, your return on ad spend will likely decrease a tad. That is normal. The first group of buyers is always the easiest to convert. The more you expand, the more expensive it becomes to acquire each new additional customer. Smart businesses don't chase the percentages, they chase profit volume. Let me put it this way. Would you rather have a 10x return on 5,000 ad spend or a 4x return on a hundred thousand dollars ad spend? The second option makes far more money, but it is a lower return on ad spend. If you can generate consistent leads at a cost that makes sense for your margins and you can close those leads effectively, you have leverage. And leverage combined with a sustainable ad system like this turns small budgets into larger ones. So, crushing Meta Ads with a small budget in 2026 is not about hacking the algorithm. It's about discipline. Set up your ads properly and stop touching them constantly. Speak directly to one specific customer instead of everyone. Focus only on campaigns that drive real conversions. Model proven ads in your industry instead of guessing. And accept a realistic profitability and reinvest consistently. If you want help building that kind of disciplined growth system for your business, make sure you click the link below. And remember, your budget doesn't determine your ceiling, your strategy does.

  Top Comments:
  1. @LizaDedeTetteh [2 likes]: What if I want sales but don’t have website can I use WhatsApp
  2. @MsAlly-g3e [1 likes]: I am running a catalog ad for a clothing brand.  When I create new products, they're being added to the catalog. Does that reset the algorithm when running catalog ads, even if we change nothing in Ads Manager?
  3. @LYFEMarketingAtlanta: Want us to grow your business so you can focus on running it? Get a free, custom quote and proposal here: https://www.lyfemarketing.com/services/social-media-advertising-services/?utm_source=YouTube&utm_medium=metaadssmallbudget&utm_campaign=apr12026
  4. @alexiscorrigan1765: Great video
  5. @anuragsapkota6458: You are so great for uploading this video. Thank you so very much.
  6. @roofedbv: Thank you so much really good video, but i have a question: how should the ad structure look like or were should i implement new creatives? I have one Campaign with one Ad-Set with 2 Ads that perform good. But when i ad a new Creative the new Creative gets all the spend and makes no results after 7 days and it's burning money and the ROAS shrinks (we spent 20€ per day on this Campaign). Should we make a Campaign to test new Creatives? Or what would you do in this Situation?

- The BEST Facebook Ads Tutorial For Beginners in 2026: Kind: captions Language: en I spent more than 200 million dollars on Facebook ads over the past 12 years working with more than 3,000 clients in just about every industry you could think of. And in this video, I'm going to walk you through the entire process of creating a Facebook ad campaign and an Instagram ad campaign from scratch. [music] So, if you've never created a Facebook ad before, or if you have been on 100% sure that you set up everything correctly, this is the exact video you need because I'm going to show you every single step and setting you need to get right. So, before we dive into the fun stuff and start putting our ad campaign together, we first need to get our account structure just sorted. And what I mean by that is creating a Meta Business Manager account because your Business Manager account is what holds all your Meta ad assets. So, things like your ad account, your Facebook page, your Instagram profile. To do that, you want to come through to this page, which is business.facebook.com. Now, in order to set one of these up, you will need to be logged into your Facebook profile on the browser that you're using. Uh the process is really straightforward. Unfortunately, I can't demonstrate it because we already have tons of accounts. But, if you just come through to this page, make sure you're logged into your Facebook profile, go through the process. Meta's just going to ask for a few simple bits of information about your business. Just very simple, very straightforward to go through. Once you've done that, you'll be taken through to your Meta Business Suite. And this is what it looks like, although yours might look different if you haven't got, you know, the things like your Facebook page and your Instagram profile added as I have here. The Meta Business Suite is a really useful tool, something to know about for later on. You've got things like inbox where you can [clears throat] manage comments on your Facebook and Instagram ad. You can respond or delete them, etc. You've got Lead Center where you can manage the leads you generate via instant forms. More about that later on. You've got Creator Marketplace where you can find creators and influencers to help promote your products and services. Lots of useful stuff in here. But, what we want to do is go ahead and click on settings cuz we need to finish setting up that structure that I talked about earlier. And it's this settings page where we can add in those Meta ad assets that I referred to earlier. So, make sure we get the your Facebook page in your Business Manager account. Same with Instagram account, etc., etc., right? And by the way, yours might look a little bit different because you're not probably going to have more than 100 people added to your Business Manager account and more than 1,000 ad accounts. We literally have more than 1,000 ad accounts in our Business Manager. Um but, that's absolutely fine. You'll still be able to follow along with the process. So, let's start with the Facebook page. I'm going to go here and go over to pages. And then, I'm going to click on this add down here. So, we've got a few different options, right? We've got add an existing Facebook page. So, if you already have a Facebook page, something you're definitely going to want and need to run ads um on Facebook, right? Then, what you want to do is move that page over into this Business Manager account. You can request access to uh request shared access to a Facebook page. So, if it's linked with another Business Manager account for some reason, maybe you've had an agency working on some stuff for you, but you also want to get it out in here, then you can go with that option. Or, you can just go ahead and create a new Facebook page if you haven't got one and need to do so. I think most of you are going to be adding an existing Facebook page, so let's demonstrate that. So, if I go ahead and click on that, it's very, very simple. You just go ahead and add in the Facebook page name or the URL. So, you just want to go ahead and paste the URL to your Facebook page in here as I've done just there. Once I select this, it's going to say it page is already in your business portfolio, so I can't go through the rest of the process, but it's very straightforward. You just go ahead and click next. Um don't worry about review people, we'll cover that in a minute. And then, you just request approval. So, you're basically sending an approval to whoever the admins are of that Facebook page already. That's probably you. That's probably your Facebook profile. You'll probably get a notification and an email. You can just go ahead and approve, and then that page will be moved into this Business Manager, and you've taken care of that. Okay, so let's go ahead and do Instagram accounts next. Same process. We go ahead and click on add. Oh, a quick warning about adding an Instagram account in here. Only Instagram professional accounts can be added to a business portfolio. If you add a personal account, it will be switched to professional. You want a professional Instagram account for your business anyway if you're going to be running ads and operating as a business, that's fine. So, once you add it in, it'll be switched, no problem. You've got to agree to the terms, and then you go ahead and click on add Instagram account. And then, this process is really straightforward, right? So, you just need to log into your Instagram account. Again, if I try to do this, it's going to say it's already added in there. And then, you just provide access by logging in. You don't even then need to approve um via a notification on the other end. So, really straightforward just to go through that. Let's go ahead and cancel. Okay, next, let's do your ad accounts. We've come into ad accounts, and we go ahead and click on add. Again, we've got a number of different options. So, you can create a new ad account. If you've never run an ad before, you've never boosted a post, um then you probably don't have an ad account. You can go ahead and create one. You just want to go ahead and click on create an ad account, and then enter in the information that Meta asks for. Ad account name, so you can just put your business name in there. Select your right time zone. Select your right currency. Make sure you get these right. If you don't, uh it's very difficult to change them uh later on. So, just make sure, you know, this is defaulted to US dollars, but I mean, you can change it. So, most likely I'm going to want to change that to GBP to pounds. Um but, just go through the process. I'm not going to go through it uh like I've explained for previously. We've already got plenty, plenty of ad accounts. But, go through the process um very straightforward, and then your ad account will be created. If you already have one, like I said, if you've ever boosted a post, you've ever run an ad, you do have an ad account. What you want to do is add an existing ad account. So, you click click on this, and you just add in your ad account ID. You paste that in there. Click confirm. Again, a notification will be sent to whoever currently owns that ad account, and you need to then approve that. Very similar process to the Facebook page. I will show you in a minute once we get into the ad account itself and start creating the campaign where to find find your ad account ID in case you're unfamiliar with that process. So, those are the three that you really need to get added in. You need your Instagram account, your Facebook page, uh and your ad account. There are other stuff you can get looked to add in, WhatsApp accounts and other business assets, data sources, all sorts. But, that's really what you need to get started, and you'll you'll see as we go through this process, I really want to make getting your first Facebook and Instagram ad campaigns up and running as easy as possible. We're not going to mess with all the various advanced settings and features. That complicates the process and becomes a barrier to entry. So, let's keep it simple. We can add complexity later on. The other thing quick thing I want to mention is around people. Um this might not be important for you right now if you're only the one who's going to be managing your Facebook and Instagram ads, the only one involved in that process. But, at some point, you might want other people to be involved. So, let me just quickly show you how this works. If I go ahead and click on invite people, you then just need the email addresses associated with their Facebook profile. You can add that in there and then send them the invite. Again, they'll receive a notification they need to accept it. And then, you can assign access. I won't go through that process cuz I can demonstrate it um elsewhere. And then, once you've got someone added, like I've got here, you can go ahead and click assign asset, and you can say, "Look, I want them to have access, for example, to this Facebook page, and I want them to be able to run ads, or or deal with content, or have full control over absolutely everything." Um so, you can give people different levels of access so they can work on the things they need to be able to work on without having to give them access to everything. So, it's quite a quite a neat solution to be able to do this. You want to do that process with yourself, with your own profile. Make sure you get yourself added and give yourself the various assets um that you've added in here, Facebook page, Instagram account, ad account. Okay. So, hopefully that wasn't too complicated. That's our structure set up. What we now need to do is go ahead and dive in and actually create our ad campaign. So, you can create ad campaigns from within the Meta Business Suite, but I'd recommend you do so from within Ads Manager. So, if you go ahead and click on these three little lines or tools, you will see Ads Manager here. And then, if I click on this, you've got a few different options. I want you to come through to the Campaigns tab. Um if you go through to Account Overview and think, "Hang on, this looks very different to everything Ben demonstrates not just um in this video, but potentially in my other videos," it's cuz I'm basically always in the Campaigns tab within Ads Manager. So, now we get to the really interesting part where we can start creating our Facebook and Instagram ad campaign. Oh, just quickly, I mentioned around grabbing your ad account ID earlier to be able to move a an ad account, an existing ad account into your Business Manager account, and you can just grab that up here. Right at the top. Um you'll see that. So, you can come in and uh and paste that in and get it moved over. So, the first thing to know about Meta ad campaigns, about Facebook and Instagram ad campaigns, is that there are three levels to a campaign. You've got the campaign level, and then within that, you've got ad sets, and then within ad sets, you've got ads. And each one of those stages is responsible for different things um around what people see, but also who sees it, various settings, budgets, etc., etc. We're going to go through all of it. But, that's the first thing to understand that you can have, for example, multiple ad sets within one campaign, multiple ads within one ad set. So, it's very much um that sort of structure. So, we want to start by creating a new campaign. So, make sure you've got Campaigns out of those three selected, and then go ahead and click on this plus green create button. And there are a couple of settings that we need to choose right at the beginning because whatever we select here will impact the options available to us later on as we go through the campaign creation process. Don't worry about collaborative ads, more of an advanced thing. We're going to ignore that. Uh not for today, something I talk about in other videos, and and you can move on to later on if that's something that you want to do. But, two things we do need to talk about are the buying types and the campaign objective. So, we've got two different buying types. We've got auction, and we've got reservation. Auction is just the cost of your Facebook and Instagram ads is going to be determined by simple market forces, demand and supply. More demand, higher cost. Less demand, lower cost. And that's demand from advertisers, by the way. How many advertisers there are, how much they're willing to spend. Uh reservation, you can actually guarantee a certain price, often a lower price. And and the cost of Facebook and Instagram advertising is normally measured in CPMs. So, cost per 1,000 impressions. So, it's cheaper to use reservation, but that's not the option I'd recommend you use, which might sound bizarre. Here's why. In order for Meta to be able to guarantee that lower cost, they are going to put your ads in front of lower quality prospects, or lower quality ad placements. The better quality ad impressions are usually seen through auction, and that's a big deal. So, I'd recommend you go with auction. Let's move on to campaign objective. So, you've got six different options here, and they do different things. And your campaign objective is really, really important because it's going to inform how Meta optimizes your campaign. So, you're basically saying to Meta, "This is what I want." And Meta's really powerful machine learning and AI-based systems are going to optimize your ads, work out who to advertise to, what time of day, how often, all those things to get you more of what you want. That's why it's so important to get your campaign objective set up correctly. So, you've got awareness. Awareness is where Meta will put your ads in front of people that are most likely to remember them. Put your ads in front of as many people as possible. Not an option I typically recommend for beginners or for businesses operating with a relatively small Facebook and Instagram ad budget because it can be quite an easy way in those scenarios to spend a bunch of money and not really see anything back for it. What we see with awareness is it can work really well for larger businesses with big budgets because awareness takes time and it takes a lot of ad impressions across a lot of people over an extended period. Bigger businesses have those budgets, smaller ones and beginners to to Meta ads typically don't. There is an exception and that's if you sell a high-ticket or expertise-based service and you might want to use my omnipresent content strategy which typically does use awareness. I'm not going to cover that in this video. I just wanted to quickly mention it and you'll be able to find a video about my omnipresent content strategy in on my channel. So, if you meet that criteria, maybe go ahead and and check that out. But otherwise, for most of you watching this, I would say leave awareness alone for now. Then we've got traffic. Traffic is designed to optimize for as many link clicks as possible or as many landing pages as possible to get as many people from Facebook and Instagram to your website. Now, a lot of beginner Facebook and Instagram advertisers use traffic. They think, "Great. I'll send a load of traffic to my website. I want as many people as possible. I'll then generate my leads, sales, etc. from those people." It's not typically the best way to go though if you do really want purchases or you do really want leads that can go on to use your services. There are better options that we'll get to in a minute because Meta's optimization system is very literal. So, if you say to Meta, "I want as many link clicks as possible." Meta is very good at finding people that are likely to click. But those people don't necessarily go on to convert. Other campaign objectives and options might be better at, yes, generating a few less clicks to your website, but the people that do arrive are far more likely to go ahead and take the next action. Sometimes we are forced to use the traffic objective if you cannot optimize, you cannot track a purchase on your website or you cannot track who becomes a lead. Let's say for example, you're sending traffic through to a third-party site where you can't track the actions that people take once they get there. Well, then you may be forced to use traffic. Engagement is what it sounds like, a campaign objective is going to optimize for likes, comments, and video views. Basically, just getting people to engage with the ads themselves. There are use cases for engagement, but I'm not going to go into them here. Not something I typically recommend most beginners use. The vast majority of Facebook and Instagram advertising beginners want to use either leads or sales and I'll explain I'll talk about both of those together. Um that's what we really want from Meta ad campaigns, particularly if we're operating with a small budget, particularly if we're getting started because you want to generate those leads, generate those sales in the short run to provide the profitability to be able to reinvest and scale your campaigns and your business and that's the whole point why we're running ads in the first place, right? So, leads and sales are much more direct response marketing and and if you select leads, then Meta will optimize your campaign for people who are likely to go on to become a lead. If you select sales, Meta will do likewise. The decision between which one of these two to use is what does your sales funnel structure look like? If someone comes through directly to your website and makes a purchase, go with sales. Meta can track that. You can set up so Meta can track that quite accurately and then you're good to go. If however, people book in a call with you or they sign up for a free quote or something along those lines, they don't actually check out with you online, then go with leads and you can optimize for that step knowing that obviously they need to convert those people whether it's via phone call or email or whatever it whatever your sales funnel structure looks like, right? And then you've got app promotion. If you've got an app, obviously the option to use. If you don't, don't use it. You can use app promotion not just for getting more people to install your app, but also for trying to sell in-app events, whether it's like an in-app purchase for example as well. For demonstration purposes in this video, I'm going to go ahead and select leads, but what I'm about to talk about very much applies to sales which I think 90 plus percent of you what going through this video should be using either leads or sales. So, very much what we go through from now on is sales-based, but the example campaign that I'm going to use is leads-based. So, we're going to use that for demonstration purposes. If I go ahead and click continue, there are a few more things that we need to set at the campaign level, okay? So, the very first thing at the top is campaign name. You just want to call this something that is going to make sense to you when you're reviewing the campaigns. If you've got the one campaign, it's pretty obvious. Once you've had an ad account running for a few years and you've got lots of different campaigns, you run lots of different offers and promotions, you want to label it up something that that makes sense. I'm just going to leave that as new leads campaign, but I just wanted to to quickly note that, okay? So, in these campaign details, we've already talked about buying type, we've already talked about campaign objective. I'm not going to bother with the show more options. Then we get into budget, okay? So, we've got budget strategy. The default selected here is campaign budget, but we can select ad set budget if we want. And to explain the differences between the two, with campaign budget, the budget is set at the campaign level meaning that if you have multiple ad sets, budget will be distributed to those ad sets according to performance. So, if you've got ad set A that's performing much better than ad set B, ad set A will get more of the budget. However, what you can do instead is select ad set budget and say, "No, no, I want to have manual control over how much each ad set gets from a budget perspective." Then you can go ahead and do that. In this instance, the campaign I'm going to demonstrate is only going to have one campaign and one ad set. And in that scenario, it doesn't make any difference whether you set the budget at the campaign level or the ad set level. So, I'm just going to leave that as a default, but I just wanted to explain the options. If you've got multiple ad sets, then might be something that you want to change. You might be happy just leaving it at campaign budget allowing Meta to allocate budget according to performance because if Meta spends more of our budget on the best performing elements, we get better results, right? Then we've got this budget option down here. The default is daily budget. You can change to lifetime budgets. I prefer daily budgets. With a lifetime budget, you end up with a fixed-length campaign. So, let's say you want to run a campaign for 7 days or 14 days, you can go ahead and select lifetime budget and then Meta is going to spend your money to try and get you as many of your result that you want what you've selected as your objective as possible, and but they're going to do that over that time period. So, your spend might be quite lumpy. You might spend very little at the beginning, quite a lot in the middle, very little at the end or it could be a different combination, whatever Meta thinks will produce the best results. Daily budgets are a lot more flexible and a lot more consistent and if you want to run a campaign longer, you don't want to after the 7-day lifetime campaign have to create a new one and Meta go back through the learning phase and everything like that. We'll talk about more about that later on. Daily budgets allows you to do that. You also have more scalability. You can change the budget with a daily budget campaign more easily without running into issues, okay? So, in terms of what to start with, how much should you spend? I've got some some guidelines around that. What I recommend particularly beginners do is they set a budget that they could afford to lose. So, you you wouldn't be in financial difficulties either you or your business if you ran the ad campaign, you spent this much money on it and it didn't work out because it's a marketing campaign. There are no guarantees. You may well need to try a few different offers in your ads in order to find one that lands. You may need to test a few different ads to find one that lands, right? So, there's no guarantee it's going to work out really well from day one. Obviously, going through this video is really going to help you and increase your your chances of success there, but no guarantees. So, let's be smart about this. But on the other hand, you don't want to spend a budget amount that is so small that you don't care about it at all. You don't want to be one of these things where you set it up and just think, "Ah, whatever. It's going to take a long in the background." You want to be involved and engaged in the process and I find that there's often a sweet spot where you could afford to lose that money and it wouldn't be disastrous, but it would sting a little. That's normally a sweet spot where you're really actively in there, but you've given yourself time to be able to test and experiment and work out what can work right there. So, I'm just going to leave this as the default, but just that that's going to vary massively depending on the business. There's no right amount which is a question I get asked a lot. For some businesses, that's going to be $10 a day. For others, it's going to be $5,000 a day. Like varying sizes of businesses, massively different budgets. What matters and what they can afford to lose very very different, right? Then we've got campaign bid strategy. Now, this is really important. If I go ahead and click on this, you can see this is says how we'll bid in ad auctions. Highest volume is the default. That's exactly what I want to go with here because that will determine how Meta optimizes the campaign. Basically, we set this up as a leads campaign and we want the highest volume of leads as possible, right? There are other options. We could add in a cost per result goal or a bid cap to say, "I'm only willing to pay a certain amount." Not something I'd recommend you mess with as a beginner. So, I'm not going to worry about the more settings or the AB testing. Those are more advanced things you may want to look into later on. I have videos covering them all, but for now we want to make it as simple as possible to get set up and and get started to gain momentum, then you can look to make things more complicated. We do need to talk about special ad categories though. So, special ad categories, if your ads fall into any of these categories, right? They're related to financial products and services, employment, housing, social social issues, election or politics, then you have to select that that's the case. When you do that, it is going to impact some of the options you have later on through the campaign creation process. So, for example, for a lot of these, you're going to have unlimited targeting options and have to rely more on Meta to be able to work out who to put your ads in front of. It's a way of sort of protecting user privacy and things along those lines. Um if you do fall within one of these categories or you think you might fall in one of these categories, definitely select it. If you don't and then you go ahead and run ads anyway, a good chance not only your ads will be rejected, but your whole ad account can get disapproved which can then be quite difficult to overturn or you have to create a new ad account. Not something that you want to deal with. Most of you won't have any of these as a as an option for, you know, that you'll need to select and given what it is you're advertising, but for those that do, make sure you go ahead and select them. I'm not going to there. I'm going to go ahead and click next. Okay, so that's the campaign level done. Now we move on to the ad set level where we've got a bunch of other settings that we need to decide and set things up. So, the first we need to choose here is the conversion location. Where do we want these leads to occur? Where do we want them to take place? We just set this up as a a leads campaign. Again, very similar process for a sales campaign. Now, the default here is website and instant forms. So, website is pretty straightforward. It's I want to generate leads via my website. So, send people from Facebook, from Instagram, to my website where they can then book a call or fill out a contact form. Few different types of leads, obviously, where they can go ahead and become a lead. Instant form is a little bit different. That's where you can click on an ad, say within Facebook or Instagram, instead of going through to your website, you are instead presented with an instant form. A form where people can provide their contact information that then allows you as the business to reach out to them and hopefully progress that lead into a full customer. And with this conversion location selected, you can generate leads either via your website or via instant forms. And Meta will test both, see which performs best, and then allocate budget accordingly. They may also predict for an individual user, is this person more likely to become a lead via website or is this person more likely to become a lead via an instant form? So, different people might see different ads or different conversion locations go through the process. For the purposes of this video though, and and sort of getting started with your Facebook and Instagram ads, keeping things as simple as possible, we talked about that being important, get some results, gain momentum, and then you can look to add in more complicated things. I'm just going to go ahead and select website because having instant forms there as well means you need to create an instant form. That's a whole extra element as part of the the campaign creation process. But, you probably already have a landing page that you can send people to. That may well want to be improved, but like I said, let's let's make it as easy as possible to get started and reduce that barrier to entry. And also, if you are running through this, following along with this tutorial, creating a sales campaign, you're an e-commerce business, for example, well, you're not going to have the instant form option, and you're going to want to be sending people through to your website. So, we can all sort of follow along if I select website. I think that's a good option for a lot of beginners. Now, if you don't have a website and you want to get started quickly and easily generating leads via Facebook and Instagram, then you can just go ahead and select instant forms and just have that as an option and and not need a website. Um but yeah, but I think for most people they will already have one who's watching this video, and that's a a good way to go. But, you can also see there are lots of different ways to generate leads, right? You can generate leads via Messenger, uh via Instagram, via WhatsApp, calls. People can call your business. So, depending on your business, where you are in the world, for example, WhatsApp's a lot more prevalent in certain parts of the world than others, that might be a really good way to go where you can start a chat on WhatsApp and look to generate leads that way. Um you might want to have a play around with this and think about for your market, for your business, what what makes the most sense. And you can always test multiple options. Nothing wrong with that. In fact, I actively encourage that sort of thing as you can often find ways of improving things when you do so. So, once we select our our conversion location, in this case website, that is going to change what options we have down here. The the most important of which being performance goal. So, I talked earlier at the campaign creation stage about how important the campaign objective is in getting that right. You can still mess up a good campaign objective selection with a bad performance goal. Because what the campaign objective selection really does is it determines which options you have later on. The performance goal is how Meta's going to optimize your campaign. So, let me click in here and we can take a look at the options, right? So, the default is maximize number of conversions, but underneath leads goals we also have maximize value of conversions. Now, maximize number of conversions is absolutely fine if you're advertising the one service, and when someone becomes a lead, they look just as valuable as anyone else who becomes a lead. But, if you're advertising multiple services, then it might be that one service, if someone goes on to convert, they're worth $200 to your business. Whereas with another service, if they go on to convert, they're worth $5,000 to your business. There's a massive difference in the value of those two leads depending on what they've said they're interested in. If you go with maximize value of conversions, then Meta is going to not just try and get as many conversions as possible, but optimize and weight it in favor of the more valuable conversions. In other words, you might end up paying more in terms of cost per lead, but that's a trade-off you'd be happy to make if you got more leads for the $5,000 service as opposed to the the $200 service, right? So, this really depends on your business which one you'll go with. If you're just advertising the one service within this campaign, absolutely fine to go with maximize number of conversions. But, if you've got differing services with differing values, definitely go with maximize value of conversions. Now, in order to track that, you're going to need to make sure that you've got all the tracking set up properly. So, you're going to need to have the Meta pixel installed and the values of each lead being sent back to Meta. I've got a video about pixel installation, you're going to need that if you're sending people to your website uh no matter what, you're going to need to have the pixel installed properly. Um and I've also got videos on conversions API, which is something else that's recommended from a tracking standpoint. So, you can check those out um cuz that's an important part of the the setup of a campaign creation process of getting started with Facebook and Instagram ads if you are sending people through to your website. Uh check out those videos, but yeah, that's the difference between those two. If you're running a sales campaign, you have basically the same options, but the wording might be slightly different. And in that scenario, let's say you're a real e-commerce business, I would absolutely recommend you go with the value option, with the option that maximizes return on ad spend or maximizes value. Because you can always track differing values because they go through straight to your website and purchase there and then. And some people will spend a little bit when they check out. Some people will spend a lot when they check out, and it's really important that you get Meta to optimize for the people that are more likely to spend more when they come through to your to your website. So, definitely go The wording might be slightly different in terms of what these are called, but you'll see the same options, right? Between just get me as many sales as possible versus get me the most value overall as possible. So, uh act in favor of the higher value purchases, the higher value checkouts, right? In this instance, I'm just advertising the one service with the leads being equally valuable when they become a lead within this campaign, so I'm going to go with maximize number of conversions, but just wanted to talk through that option. Now, what's really, really important, is what I said a second ago around if you get your performance goal wrong, you can mess up your campaign um even if you've selected the right campaign objective, is do not select one of these other goals. So, don't say maximize number of landing page views or link clicks. If you do that, it's going to run just like a traffic campaign, and you'll get lots of clicks, lots of landing page views, probably not many leads, not many sales. Don't go with daily unique reach. That's going to run just like an awareness campaign uh or maximize number of impressions, very similarly, right? So, you can sort of you can mess things up by selecting one of these other goals. Go with the leads goals or the sales goals, and you should be all good. Uh data set, I already talked about the pixel, but just double-check to make sure that yeah, the pixel's installed. This is an example of ad accounts, we've got example ad accounts pixel. Like I said, I have other videos you can check out on those. And then we need to choose the specific conversion event that we want to optimize for. So, we're saying to Meta, look, get me as many conversions of this conversion as possible. For that, you're going to have the pixel set up properly. But yes, we want as many leads as possible. We could change that to schedule or one of the other options that um that we might want to optimize for as part of our leads campaign. You'll see a similar process for a sales campaign where you can optimize for purchases or you can optimize for add to carts. My preference would be to go for purchases provided you're generating enough purchases for Meta to be able to learn. We know that that process is important. If not, you might need to go for a step that's higher up um the sales funnel, okay? Anyway, moving on. Don't worry about cost per result goal, not something to mess with. Don't worry about value rule sets. We've got a value rule set preview here, but this is very much, you know, cuz I demonstrated this as an example ad account in previous videos. I have videos on value rules if you want to check this out, not something that um beginners need to mess with, neither the show more options or the dynamic creative. We get next down into the budget schedule. Now, we've already talked about the budget being set at the campaign level, and we've talked through the logic of how much you want to spend, and you want to go with daily budgets and all that. Here, we really just have now the power to set a start and end date. You might want to set an end date if it just provides some sort of like mental security that, okay, this campaign's not just going to run indefinitely, and I'm going to forget about it and end up spending far more than I want. You can go and set an end date. We're going to be in our campaigns plenty enough where we just don't need to worry about that. We're managing them all the time and that sort of thing. Again, I'm not going to mess with show more settings here, either. Lots of advanced stuff that we're scooting over, but I think that's helpful when you're getting started. Okay, then we get down into the audience section. And the audience section is all about targeting. And targeting's probably the thing that made, what originally was just Facebook ads, famous. Uh but even as Instagram was added, that's the thing that got marketers and advertisers excited about the platform, is the ability to be able to target. There's been a lot of changes to the targeting process, and we're in a very different place than what we were, say, 5, 6 years ago. Um Meta's targeting is still very powerful, but the setup is different. I'll I'll go through it and explain. So, within this audience section, we have two main categories. We've got controls, and we've got suggested audience. The difference between these two sections is that anything set within the control section is a hard constraint, a hard boundary. So, you can see, for example, the location, which I'll talk about in a second, the default here is United Kingdom. Meta's going to basically follow that instruction, right? We're only going to put ads in front of people in the United Kingdom. Whereas anything added in this suggested audience section is a suggestion. You're basically giving Meta's targeting algorithms an indication of who you think should see your ads, who your ads should be put in front of, but at the end of the day, it's up to Meta to either go with people within that targeting criteria or find other people that it thinks will are likely to get you more of what we talked about up here, which is maximize number of conversions, lead conversions, basically. Who's likely to become a lead might be outside of your targeting criteria, and Meta can go beyond that with the suggested audience section. So, let's run through this. So, the first thing we need to decide is location. This is defaulted to the whole of the United Kingdom because that's where I'm based, but that may or may not be right for your business, right? So, what should we do here from a targeting standpoint? It's very simple. Advertise where your customers are. That might be one country, that That be the whole of the UK, that might be international. So, for example, we could advertise the whole of the UK. We could advertise the whole of the US. So, for example, our major markets as an agency are going to be UK, US, Australia, Canada. I mean, we actually have clients literally in 50 plus countries, um Western Europe, and Singapore, and UAE, and all sorts, right? Um but our major major markets are going to be, you know, UK, US, Canada, etc. So, we could, for example, look to advertise to multiple countries. Or, if you're a local business, you could get a lot more specific. So, let's say, for example, you're a local business based in Bath, which is a place in the UK. Uh so, Bath in Somerset. And if I delete out the United States, we can see in the map where we're targeting. So, we've got Bath plus 25 mi as a default. You might go, "Oh, no, you know, that's too far. People either aren't willing to travel to us, if you're a local business from that sense, or we're not willing to travel that far." Cuz local business could be either way, right? You could be a plumber traveling to customers, or you could be a cafe with people coming to you. Um so, you could go, "No, no, no, no, no, we're going to go with 15 mi around. I think that's more appropriate." Obviously, you can you can decide this. Now, I don't want you to overthink this. I don't want you to think, "Well, I'm a local business, but um I have to advertise nationally because Meta likes nice big audiences like No, no, no, just where your audience are. I also don't want you to artificially constrain the location targeting just because you think that's where the people are who are most likely to be interested in in in your products or services. So, for example, if you sell products nationally in the UK, don't go, "Oh, I'm only going to advertise in London because people in London are wealthier, and they're more likely to buy my products or services." Like, Meta will work that out. And if your uh best prospects are in a certain location, more of your ad spend will be spent there. But you don't want to artificially constrain it because Meta might think might find some people that are in not in that location that are also great prospects, even if the density of those people in those other locations is lower, right? So, basically, where your customers are is good to good to select. One thing to quickly mention about local businesses is you now have this option, which is reach more people likely to respond to your ads and deselect it. So, it says here, "We'll also show ads to people interested in your selected cities and regions in those countries." So, for example, do we want people Do we want to advertise to people that are interested in the city of Bath or not? A lot of local businesses find that they'll generate leads from people that have perhaps traveled to that location, but if you're a roofer, that's not overly helpful because you're not going to be able to serve those people that live halfway across the country. So, a lot of local businesses want to deselect this, even if Meta pops up a warning saying you're likely to see um worse results. 6.7% lower cost per result if you select it. Yeah, but what's the point of having a lower cost per lead if you can't service those leads in this scenario. So, most local businesses want to deselect this. For demonstration purposes, though, I am going to go with uh for the rest of this video, United Kingdom, and just leave it at that, okay? Right, moving on. We've got show more controls. So, in show more controls, we've got a minimum age, so you can select anything from 18 up to 25. This is typically recommended if you're advertising something in a particular location, and there are legal restrictions on who can and can't buy it. For example, in some places, you need to be 21 to buy certain things, right? So, you want to select 21 as your minimum. Otherwise, often best to uh leave it open. It only goes up to 25. This is not like strict age targeting criteria. This is just uh for the purposes that I described. Custom audiences is I'll explain in a second. And then we've also got languages, right? So, it could be that you could only serve people that speak a certain language within a certain location. If you operate within a country with multiple languages, and you think, "Ah, we're only able to serve this uh market," then you can go ahead and add in specific languages, um if that's appropriate for your business. Most of the time, it's not going to be. Go with all languages. I'm going to leave that as the default. Then we get down And that's all you have control over from a hard boundary standpoint. Like, do not go beyond these targeting constraints, so please Meta. Okay, so then we've got the suggestion audience section. So, like I said, these are suggestions. This is designed to give Meta direction, particularly helpful when you've got a new Meta ad account, when Meta doesn't know who's likely to become a lead. They don't know that people interested in cats who are 43 and live in this certain location are most likely to buy your products and services, right? That's an example. Um >> [snorts] >> So, here we can give Meta some direction. So, we The first thing we've got is include these custom audiences. And I said I'd talk about custom audiences a second ago. Custom audiences are warm audiences, people who have interacted with your business before. Lots of different types of custom audiences, people who have visited your website, people on your email list, people who have engaged with your Facebook page or Instagram profile, watched videos of yours, become leads, all sorts. I've got whole tutorials about targeting and setting up custom audiences, and definitely something you want to do later on. For now, don't worry about it. Firstly, you probably don't have much in the way of custom audiences yet if you're just getting started with your advertising. Secondly, they can always be created and added in later on. Okay, then beneath that, we've got age. Now, remember this is a suggestion. So, often you want to say to Meta, "These are my This is the age range of my ideal prospects, my ideal customers." But again, Meta can choose to go outside that if they think there are people that are likely to convert. So, what we typically do here is not get too restrictive, but just think about like your core demographic, your core target market. So, for a business like ours, that's probably going to be something like 30 to 55 in terms of we're looking to reach business owners, and marketing professionals, and marketing managers. Yes, there's going to be some people younger, some people older, of course, but that might be our core. Then you've got genders. If you skew one way or the other heavily, like 90% men, 90% women, then go ahead make a selection. Otherwise, it's fine to leave it all. Remember, Meta's going to work a lot of this out for us in terms of um who's likely to take the action we want to take. And then we've got detailed targeting. So, here we can add in demographics, interest, behaviors. You can browse the various categories and look for this. But often, what I recommend to get started is just entering some obvious options that sound about right for your target audience. So, for example, we might have something like social media marketing. If I add that in as an option, right? So, people interested in social media marketing as some as as a group of people that you might be wanting to target. Uh we could have something like business page admins. So, anyone that's an admin of a of a business page um on Meta, then great. We can go ahead and target those people. Couple of simple options. You can add in none here, you can add in one, you can add in four. There's no right amount. These are all suggestions. This is just giving Meta direction. Don't spend a ton of time on this. It doesn't matter. Seen a lot of people get really hung up on this, and like test too much. That's what we used to do a number of years ago, not what we do anymore. You can click on further limit the reach of your ads, and then get really specific with the targeting, and basically say to Meta, "No, I only want to target these people." Not something I'd recommend for most beginners. It overcomplicates it, and typically, we see better results now by giving Meta direction, and letting Meta's machine learning algorithm work it out, as opposed to us advertisers trying to have too much specific control. Then beneath that, we've got placements. So, placements refers to the locations where your ads can be shown. So, if we click in here, we can have a look, right? So, if we click into more settings, and we've got placement controls, uh included is 24. So, we can see Well, actually, if I go above that, we've got platforms. So, we've got the the five platforms currently, Facebook, Instagram, Audience Network, Messenger, or Threads. They're places where ads can be shown. And we can say, "No, no, I don't want any of my ads to be shown on Threads." Not sure why you'd do that, but you can if you want. Um Audience Network is typically considered the lower-quality placement option. Audience Network's going to refer to things you you you'll have interacted with these before, where you sort of click through on something on Meta, and you come through to like an article or an app or something along those lines. That's going to be Audience Network. So, sometimes advertisers will look to to deselect those. I'll explain that in a second. And then if we click into placements, we can see all the various options, right? So, we can break it down by all the different feeds, and say, "No, I don't want to advertise on feeds, or I only want to advertise on stories and reels, or or etc., etc.," right? So, what would my recommendation be here for setting this up? If you are using a leads campaign or a sales campaign, just leave it as is. Basically, let Meta run ads on all placements because they're only going to put your ads on those placements that Meta thinks are going to get you the result that you've asked for for a lead, for a sale. So, absolutely fine. If, however, you are forced to run a different campaign objective, like traffic, because you cannot track the leads or sales that you generate, then I do think you want to become more specific, and the obvious option is just to get rid of the Audience Network. Because what you don't want is for Meta to put your ads on the placement options that are lower quality, less likely to lead to a conversion, but that's exactly what Meta will do if you're not optimizing for a conversion, because those placements are cheaper. Other advertisers aren't as interested in those, therefore, the cost is lower. Remember, the price is set by simple demand and supply. And um and and yeah. So, you might want to come in and deselect Audience Network if you aren't able to track conversions. Most of you will be. You'll have the pixel set up, and you're all good. Then you can go ahead with just the default, which is uh everywhere, all 24 placement options, and all five platforms. Run AB tests. Great thing to do later on, not something you're going to worry about right now. Um all this stuff here of brand suitability and inventory filters, and all that sort of stuff, it that is beyond the scope of what most beginner advertisers want to get into. You can get really lost in this. It's basically you as an advertiser more control around what your ads are put alongside, the context around them, all those sorts of things. A thing that a lot of big brands care about quite a lot, cuz they really care about their brand image. I personally don't feel like, you know, what your ad is around when a user is seeing your ad in context of other um stuff that they see on Facebook and Instagram is that important. I think it kind of operates as an isolated thing anyway. We're sort of used now to scrolling through reels or stories, and you see very different things, right? Different contexts. They're not necessarily one is associated with the other um straight after it. So, I don't feel like it's a big deal, but bigger brands uh find this sort of stuff quite important, and often mess around with it significantly. Most of the time, it hurts results, but not something you need to worry about as beginners. And that is the ad set taken care of. So, now let's go ahead and jump over to the ad level. Okay, so now it's time for the ad level, the most interesting part, the level that determines what people actually see when they are presented with your Facebook and Instagram ads. First thing at the top here to quickly mention is partnership ads. Love partnership ads, allow you to run ads with creators and influencers to help promote your products and services. These are awesome, not something for beginners. You want to get started with some simpler campaigns first, but definitely look to add this in later on. I have content all about them. Then you've got identity. So, make sure that the Facebook page, Instagram account, and Threads profile that your ads are going to come from on those various platforms are all correct. I see people make errors here. And by the way, those are my accounts. If you want more information on Facebook and Instagram advertising, go ahead and give me a follow on whichever you typically use. Branding's more of an advanced thing, don't need to worry about that. Then we get into ad setup. So, we've got create ad, which is the default. You could also use existing post. So, if you already have a post, say, on your Instagram profile that's done well, and you think, "Oh, I want to run that as an ad." You can go ahead and select existing post, choose it, and go for it. Most of you are going to want to be creating ads, and that's typically what I'd recommend. When you use existing post, some of the functionality is a bit limited because it already exists as a post as opposed to having full flexibility of an ad. And also, in terms of what you put out there as, say, organic posts on on Facebook and Instagram versus what you use as ads, there's normally differences in the content that's used. So, when you use when you're running ads, you're normally going to have a strong call to action and things like that, right? So, typically you're going to be creating ad. So, we're going to go ahead and use manual upload. Advantage plus catalog ads, again, slightly more of an advanced thing, not something I'm going to cover here, but just to know that if you are an e-commerce business and you want to run you have a catalog, you want to run ads using a catalog, this is a great way to go, particularly for retargeting warm audiences, people that have maybe checked out product but haven't yet converted. So, definitely something to look to add in later on. I've got content on that you can find on my channel. But for now, we're going to go with manual upload. Next, choose the format. Do we want a single image or video? That's what I'd go with here. I'm going to use an image. Like I said, I want the campaign creation setup for you guys to be as easy as possible to get started, but you can run carousels. Carousels are like um cards of different So, you've got an image with some like a headline, another image with a headline, another image headline, some pricing information, sometimes extra info. And you've probably seen carousels before. Uh multi-advertiser ads, honestly, we've tested this, and we don't really see any difference whether we have this selected or deselected. So, I'm happy to leave it on. Multi-advertiser ad says, "Your ad can appear with others in the same ad unit to help promote discoverability." Doesn't seem to make much difference either way. So, happy to to leave that on. And then we get onto destination. Now, your destination is where people are going to be sent after they click on your ads. So, because we selected website as the conversion location at the ad set level, we need to enter in a website URL. So, this could be a product page if you're advertising a product, uh could be a specific landing page for a service, could be even maybe the homepage of your website, wherever it is that you want to send people directly. So, I'm going to go ahead and paste a link in here and just quickly explain um what we're going to be using as the example cuz I've got an example campaign I'm going to quickly put together, an example ad I'm going to put together uh to help you understand the process. So, we have a thing called the Meta Ads Mentorship Program, and just quickly explain what that is. Included in it, we've got unlimited one-to-one support. People can ask us any questions they've got about their Meta ads. It's designed to provide them all the support they need to get the best possible results um from Facebook and Instagram ads. We do daily live calls and Q&As with me and my expert team members. We've got exclusive educational material, that sort of thing, right? That That's the offer that we're going to be advertising. By the way, if you are interested in that, there's a link in the um video description. But that's what we're going to be using as the offer, um so just to give you a bit of context around that before we move on. So, I've gone and and entered in the URL to the landing page for people to come through and book a call. And when we run ads for our our Meta Ads Mentorship Program, which we do all the time, um that's exactly where people are sent, straight through to this page where they can go ahead and book a call. Once you enter in the URL, you'll start to see the preview over here, which is really useful. You can't see much yet, but as we add in things like ad creative and ad copy, we'll be able to see what it looks like um for the user that's actually going to see it over here in the preview, which is helpful. So, we have this first option called display link. Um so, you can see here we've got admasters365.com, which is the link that I've added in up here. We could change that using display link if you want to. I don't want to here, just wanted to quickly highlight that it's an option. Then we've got these browser add-ons. The default is none, and that's what I'd recommend you go with for now. I think that some of the stuff gets a little bit too complicated, a little bit too advanced for beginners. Um you can add, for example, a call button to your website, an Instagram direct button on your website. People would be able to message you via Instagram, WhatsApp, etc. Something you might want to mess around with later on. In general, we don't tend to use these because we want people to take a very specific path, as in they come through to a website or a landing page, and they take the one action we're sort of leading them to take as opposed to confusing them with various different actions. But your business might be like, "No, I'd love a phone call. I'm very happy to chat with people via WhatsApp." Then you can go ahead and set those up. Instant experience, again, not something we're going to worry about as part of this tutorial. And the same with Facebook event. If you are advertising a Facebook event, you're going to have to go through that, but the vast majority watching this are not going to fall into that category. Then we get into the ad creative section, right? So, we've got set up creative, and then we can choose between image ad and video ad. Like I said previously, video ads can perform really, really well. Image ads are much simpler for people to to create, and I'd often recommend that advertisers get started there. You can always look to produce uh more sophisticated ad creative, things like video, later on. I've got video tutorials showing you how to do that you can find on my channel, but we're going to start nice and simple, reduce that barrier to entry, and go with image ad. And once you select image ad, the first thing that's going to happen is Meta's going to try and add in these various extensions. So, um we've got some branding information here, stuff that Meta's going to use to try and work out when they produce AI-generated assets. You'll see what that looks like in a second. And they're going to use this information that we add in here. And then we've got site links, right? So, Meta's going to add in extra links to other pages on our website um where people can go directly instead of the main one that we're looking to send people to. So, in our case, site links could be things like sending people through to a case studies page, or to a how it works page, or something like that, right? Um I think for beginners to get started, we want to make this straightforward. Don't worry about adding in any of the branding stuff. We're not going to rely too heavily on the AI-generated assets for now, anyway. And I'd also probably turn off site links. It might be really appropriate for your business. You might think, "No, great. I'm coming maybe from a Google Ads world where you're used to site links." But if you don't have experience with that, it's just it's added complication at this stage, another thing to worry about. And again, I don't really want, when I'm running my ads, people to come through to other pages on my site. I want them to come through to the one place I want to come through, which is our landing page, where they can go in and book a call. So, I'm going to ignore this stuff for now. I'd recommend you do the same to get started with. Okay, and then we get to media. So, a few different places where you can grab the imagery or videos that you're going to use. You can get them from your Instagram account. You can get them from your Facebook page. You can get them from your ad account if you've uploaded previously. Well, we've obviously got a bunch of options here because this is an example ad account, so I upload stuff to be able to to demonstrate. Um but just wanted to highlight that if you've already got stuff, or you can just go ahead and click upload over here and select um any files you've got from your computer and and get those uploaded. Very straightforward. I've actually already uploaded the files that I'm going to use for demonstration purposes. Like I said, we run ads for my Meta Ads Mentorship Program already, so we have image ads that I can literally demonstrate. So, I'm going to go ahead and select this option and click next. And you can see that when you add in your ad creative, Meta's going to show you what it looks like in the three main formats, the three main aspect ratios, right? You've got a square, you've got vertical, and you've got horizontal. Now, horizontal is by far the least important cuz as a proportion of your um ad impressions, horizontal's going to be the fewest by far. Most of your ad impressions are going to be from a square um ad format or a vertical ad format. Square's typically going to be used for things like the feeds, um Facebook, Instagram feeds, lots of feed options. Vertical's going to be things like stories, reels across both platforms. Now, what you can see is that because I've uploaded a square image, it works brilliantly for the square format. But in the vertical and the horizontal, not so great. So, in an ideal world, what you would do is you would either crop, if possible. So, let's say we turn that to 9:16, try and make it That just doesn't work, right? Cuts off all the text. That just It just won't work at all as an ad. So, we can't do that. Ideally, you would either crop and and change the the dimensions, or you would replace it with a different image that is specifically designed and formatted for that aspect ratio, which is exactly what I'm going to do. So, I'm going to click replace there, and we've got a vertical one that's been selected. Go ahead and put back. You see that looks much better in that format, right? You don't need to do this. This is kind of an optional extra. Meta is really smart nowadays, so they would have taken this image and probably made something fairly similar-looking to this using um like image expansion, and they'll fill in the top and bottom for vertical locations, and they'll do something with this to make it look good. But just wanted to highlight that if you have the capacity to spend a little bit more time and effort on the creative, and make sure it looks good in the various placement options, then doing so could be a good way to go. Um right, just to quickly highlight the image as well. So, this is obviously really simple um what we've got here. So, it's a picture of me. Mostly, when we're advertising our mentorship program, it's to warm audiences, people who've already exposed to my business. People are unlikely to sign up for a mentorship program if they don't know who the person is that's going to be mentoring them, right? So, so because of the nature of this offer, it's warm audience specific, so we definitely want a photo of me in there. That's going to help grab attention. Very simple text on the image, "Want me to mentor you?" Very clear what this offer is all about. And then it's kind of small, hopefully you can see it, but we've basically just got three testimonials highlighted, you know, almost an 8x ROI in 3 weeks from someone, made $29,000 with a 7.3x ROI in 30 days, and from 30 euros a day ad spend to a 100K month in sales in just 3 months. So, differing degrees of spend and success, but just a few quick snippets that people can look and be like, "Wow, I'd love a result like that or results like that for my business. So, you could is relatively easy to replicate something like this even if you don't have much in the way of graphic design skills and things like that. Right, anyway, moving on. So, let's go ahead and click next. Now, we get into the text into the ad copy section. So, the first part is primary text. Now, in different placement options, the copy and the text appears in different locations. But, if you think about like a traditional Facebook feed on mobile, you're going to have the primary text above the image. Then, you're going to have the image, then you're going to have the headline underneath it, and then beneath that you're going to have the description and and the call to action button off to the side. Okay, so that's typically how it's going to work. So, let me grab a primary text that I've got that we've used to advertise my Meta Ads Mentorship program. And all the stuff I'm adding in here is stuff that has worked well and it's good to learn from real life examples that have performed well. So, let's do that. Okay, so just pasted in the primary text. Now, if I just quickly read this so that you understand the sort of thing I'd recommend you go with and and what we're looking to do here. So, you've got tired of wasting money on Facebook ads that don't deliver? We'll mentor you daily to explode your revenue. Limited spots available. Apply now and transform your ad game. And then we've got the link. Now, that is a very short, simple piece of ad copy, but it actually ticks a lot of boxes. And that's what I try recommend you try and replicate. We don't want to be writing essays. People just aren't going to bother to read it. But, we're doing a number of things here. So, we're highlighting [snorts] the problem and calling out the target audience with the first sentence. Tired of wasting money on Facebook ads that don't deliver? So, anyone that is suffering from that problem is likely to pay attention to the rest of the ad. Um it also is sort of agitating that problem, re-emphasizing like, ah, you really annoyed that you keep trying and it's just not working. Then, we've got we'll revenue. So, we've got a feature what's involved in this? Oh, it's a daily mentorship, gotcha. To explode your revenue, great. It's exactly what I do. I really want exploded revenue. So, there's a benefit associated. Limited spots available, introducing scarcity. Um apply now and transform your ad game. And there's a call to action. So, you can see in just a couple of sentences we've ticked like a load of boxes, right? We've called out the audience, we've agitated the problem, we have uh described the main feature, the main benefit associated with it, we've introduced scarcity, and we've got a call to action. All in, you know, ticked six different things there, six or seven different things within a very within just a couple of sentences. So, something like that, obviously tailored to your um offer, your business, is likely to do well. Right, then what we've got here is Meta's going to use AI to generate text alternatives, and they're going to do that, you can see here, tailor variations to personas. So, they've come up with three different personas that they think like basically avatars, target customer avatars. We've got ambitious entrepreneurs, digital marketers, and small business owners. So, Meta's like, look, if we think that someone in your target audience is an ambish- an ambitious entrepreneur, we're going to put this primary text in front of them. Now, they may use other options as well. But, um but we can take a look through these and decide which we do and don't want to use, right? So, my recommendation with everything AI generated, copy, imagery, is absolutely use it, but you need to be the filter as the advertiser cuz sometimes it's going to be great, you can just use it. Other times, some of the suggestions are not going to work at all, you can't use them. Sometimes it's going to be a hybrid where you go, well, that's kind of good, but does need a little bit of this changing and that changing to make it work. So, we'll just quickly read this first option. We've got tired of throwing money at Facebook ads that don't deliver. Unlock explosive revenue growth with daily mentorship. Limited spots available. Apply now and transform your ad game. So, I mean, that's very very similar to what we've got already. Like, happy to just include that. Stop wasting ad spend on underperforming Facebook ads. Get daily mentorship to scale revenue and transform your ad game. Limited spots available. Level up your expertise and maximize your ROI with proven strategies. Yeah, all good. So, you might find that there are options that you're like, no, I don't want to use, but you can look to add these in. And if I just scroll back up as well, you will see that primary text we've got here one of five. So, you can have up to five different options. Um absolutely fine just to go with the one if you just want to get started, you can always add other ones in later on. But, a good idea to test multiple options cuz it just increases the chance that A, you'll find an option that works really well, and B, it gives Meta more flexibility. Look, like they said, we might put this ad copy in front of this type of persona and this type of ad copy. So, basically they're working out different people within your target audience and what they are most likely to respond to. Much more of a tailored ad delivery experience, which can help improve performance, okay? Right, then we move on to the headline. And then this is a headline that worked well for us, which is just very simply daily Facebook ads mentorship, right? We can add add headline options again, so you can see it's one of five, so the same principle applies. So, you can have five headlines and I would recommend it. And Meta's going to AI generate some options for you. Just quickly run through this. We've got explode your ad revenue now. Yeah, that's fine. Unlock ad mastery in five minutes daily. That's not really how the mentorship program is designed to work. It's not five minutes daily. We have like live calls, Q&A's that last longer. We have training that lasts longer. You could do five minutes a day, you could do longer. So, I don't like that option. It's not good for our offer. Not going to go through or every single one here, but you can just see the sort of process I'm going through and the logic I'm going through there of deciding what to choose and what not to choose. Daily mentorship for ad success sounds good. I have other videos more detailed on ad copy, by the way, in case you want to to go through these. Right, then we've got description. So, this isn't going to appear on every placement option, but like I said, in the classic sort of mobile Facebook feed, it's going to be just under the headline. So, we might go with something like limited spots available in order to um emphasize the scarcity that and there are limited spots available. We don't have so many coaches and so many slots available on on the live calls and Q&A's and things. So, yeah. Absolutely fine to to put that in there. Yours might be a a scarcity thing or it might be urgency based like we're running a current sale, but that ends at a certain time. There are ways to incentivize that action. And then we've got call to action button here, right? So, what you see here will depend on what type of campaign you're running. So, if you're running a sales campaign, you might see some slightly different options. Although, we can still see things like shop now, for example, in the leads campaign. Learn more is the default. What I'd recommend here is you just go with the option that best describes what it is you want people to do. Like, what's the next step? With a mentorship style offer, something that people aren't necessarily super familiar with, it's not as obvious as other things that people are used to buying all the time, then we might have something different. We might go with contact us or we might go with schedule a call or something like that. But, I think learn more is appropriate next option. In other ti- other businesses services, it might be get quote as the next thing. It might be shop now. Uh lots of different options depending on what it is that you are looking to do. Don't overthink it. Just go with the option that best describes um the next step. Right, then we go with next. Now, what Meta's going to do is they're going to take the image that you that you've added in and they're going to use AI to generate other versions. So, this is a tool that is improving all the time uh and it's very interesting that it's doing so. And and uh by the time you watch this, you might see that the options have improved again substantially. So, if we look at what Meta's looking to do here, they've basically most of these are just changing background colors, for example, or changing the location. So, that room behind me actually looks like one of our one of our office, one of our meeting rooms in our office, um which might be coincidence or they may have found it elsewhere. But, like that's basically the same image as what we've got, but it's a different color scheme. Like, yeah, sure, happy to use that. Uh again, same with that one, although maybe the text isn't as good to read. But, there are options that we actually can't use. So, it's for example, want me to mentor you? And they've sort of AI generated a woman there. Like, it has to be me in these ads, right? In order for this process to work. Want me to mentor you without me in the thing? That's just not going to work. This is mostly advertised to warm audiences. Um that version of me is like, I guess it's kind of me, but not really. Kind of looks a little bit like someone else or, you know, I guess it's we can't use that, right? It has to actually actually be me in there. These options down the bottom obviously wouldn't work. So, you could be the filter. You might find some work really well. What what you see here um will actually depend on what you upload. And for some businesses, you're going to see better options than others. So, if you're uploading a an image, for example, of a product, the AI generated image options can work really well because Meta's going to use different backgrounds or put them into different scenes. Whereas, when you're using people in your ads, particularly if you that needs that person needs to be the same person involved like it is here, less so. But, when I did this video a year ago, it didn't come up with any versions of me at all. So, we just couldn't use this use any of the AI generated images. Now, we can. You can see this is improving um all the time. So, just add in the ones you're happy with. The Meta's basically going to test different variations, see which works best, right? Fairly straightforward. Okay. Let me go ahead and click next and then we've got enhancements. So, these are things that Meta's going to do to try and improve the quality of our ad creative in order for us to get better results or at least test it, right? So, we can see we've got three for review. So, Meta's decided, you know, we don't think that having these on makes a lot of sense. Let's have these um turned off. And then they've put turned on seven that we could also review. So, for example, they they said we don't think it's best to have enhanced media text. So, we'll replace the text in your media, not in the ad copy, in your media with AI generated text. Yeah, I don't want that. We want the message to be clear and consistent. That could go wrong. And then we've got translate text turned off. Yeah, we don't want the text to be translated into other languages because we can only the mentorship program in English. You know, me and my expert team members that that run the program, we speak English and we we operate in English, right? So, so we can't we we want to translate to other languages cuz we can't then fulfill in those other languages. And then Meta have also turned off um enhanced CTA, which I'm actually happy with. Let's have a quick look at the other active enhancements. So, these are things that Meta has turned on and saying, look, we think these are going to help improve performance. So, we've got ad overlays, right? So, they can add um text overlays over the top of the image to highlight certain things, grab things from the landing page or the ad copy. You know, with an image like this, I probably would actually turn that off because look, it's already really text heavy. If it was less text heavy, I'm happy to leave it on cuz the overlays can often improve performance. So, I'm going to turn that off. Then, we've got visual touch-ups, okay? So, we'll automatically crop, expand your chosen media to fit more placements. Well, we've kind of done that to some extent with the three main formats. Normally, I'm happy for that to stay though. Uh Meta's pretty good at making that make sense. Add in add music. They basically turn your image into like a short video, add some music overlay. I'm happy to leave that on. I totally get some businesses aren't. They want to be much more specific of like, "No, I couldn't possibly have that that audio." You can customize this. So, you can leave this on. What have they got for us for now? Just a little like corporate jingle, basically. Like that's fine. I'm happy to do that. You can customize and then say, "No, I want specifically to play this music, not that music." Or you can just go ahead and turn that off. Text improvements. So, any text you provide may appear as primary text and our description. So, you know we wrote that in the various locations. Meta's saying, "We might choose to move this around, right?" So, you know one of those headline options, we might just stick that in the primary text. We might change the description. I'm normally quite happy to leave that on. Sometimes that will mean the ad doesn't make sense depending on how you've constructed your copy, in which case you want to turn that off. In our case, for example, that primary text can't be used as a headline because it's too long. So, that will just won't happen. But again, you can customize that or turn that off depending on what you want to do. I'm normally happy to leave it on cuz if Meta, for example, wanted to switch my description with headline, which is how it would work in reality given the copy we set up, like no biggie. Adapt Here we go. Adapt multi-image format. So, we'll show ads with multiple images as a video or slideshow or a video collection. Now, we haven't got multiple images in there. It's already on. They might use the different variations that we had to try and create something. Again, I'm kind of happy for Meta to play with this and do what it can. If Meta creates anything or adds variations and additions based on the ad creative that we've uploaded that kind of doesn't work and doesn't make sense, well, as soon as they put it in front of users, they won't take action cuz it doesn't make sense. And they'll very quickly learn and stop doing that and test other options. So, I don't think this adds much or really makes any difference to this particular ad. If you were running like a carousel or had an ad campaign with lots of different images, then this could be really quite valuable. So, I'd recommend normally leaving that on. We've got add animation. So, Meta can basically turn this image into something that can move. They can animate text, various elements. Again, happy to leave that on. And then we've got flex media. So, show media you chose for a specific aspect ratio across all placements when it's likely to improve performance. So, you know how we had the square versus the vertical? What Meta's basically saying here is like, "Look, we might go ahead and use the square in the vertical placement or we might go ahead and use the vertical format that you gave us in say the feeds where it will actually take up basically your whole screen as you're scrolling through a feed if we think it performs. Again, quite happy for Meta to work that out. So, this is very much go through, decide the ones you want to use, decide the ones you don't want to use. I would err on the side of trusting Meta with this. Highly incentivized to improve stuff to help us get better performance. But I know a lot of advertisers are nervous about that. They want to turn these off and be like, "No, no, no. Just put the ad as is in front of people." That's, you know, I totally get that. That's fine, too. These typically don't make a huge amount of difference whether you have them on or off either way. Okay. So, now we can start to see the preview come together, right? We've got So, for example, this option here, we This is like a Facebook feed. We've got the text, the primary text. We've got the image. We've got the headline. We can't see the description here. I guess it's not going to play in show on all placements. We've got the learn more call to action button. We've got the image. We've got the other image variations that Meta's come up with. And then we can see, you know, via There's lots of things you can go through in the preview. So, you can see via different locations. So, we've got Facebook feed there. It's taking a second to load. We can have a look at what it would look like on Instagram feed. So, like the primary text is at the top. You just go through the various placement options and just make sure it all makes sense. If you set it up how I have how I have, you'll basically be fine. Got a warning to add product or site links, but no, I'm all good for what that is. And we went through that window. You can adjust it from within here as well. So, if you're like, "Ah, okay. I started with the wrong primary text, but I want to add in some other primary text." You can go ahead and do so and get those added in here. Same's going to apply to headlines. And then we've obviously got this other stuff, description. Optimize text per person, you can leave that as enabled. That was based on the creative enhancements we talked about. And then we've got call to action, learn more, absolute fine. Run AB test to see the results. Not yet. Definitely something to do later down the line once you've got a little bit more experience with your Meta ads, but right now happy to leave that off. And we can also go back in and edit these creative enhancements. So, we ended up with six out of 10 on going through that process. But you can change that should you wish to. Creative testing. So, we can set up different tests between different ads. So, let's say we had one image and we wanted to test that not just like different variations like we've got here, but against totally other images. You can absolutely do that within the one ad unit. Not something I want you to mess with for now. But yeah, just know it's an option. Same's going to apply to languages for the vast majority of you. Just going to go with the the one language. Then we get into tracking. Here basically just want to make sure that you can see the pixel and you need to have like we talked about before. If you're generating leads, generating sales by your website, you need to have the pixel installed. Ideally you would also have the conversions API installed and you would have all that tracking set up. I have other videos that cover that. But here's where you just basically come down and just check that the pixel is actually here and that that's the right pixel. You can check the ID based on what you've set up. I've seen issues go down. And what Meta's basically saying is that Meta's going to track these ads. We can add in other things if that's appropriate for a business like URL parameters to track if you're that way inclined and you do a lot of tracking say via Google Analytics or another another platform and you want to to cross-reference things and really understand your data, you can go ahead and add those in. But I think most beginners that is probably overkill. And then that is our campaign set up. We can go ahead and click publish. Meta's normally going to take a bit of time to review the ad, make sure it complies with advertiser policies. Normally takes about 30 minutes, but particularly with your first ads could take a while more. And then you should start to see your ads being delivered and you can quickly have a look at the data generated. So, if I just close down the campaign, we won't have any here, but you'll be able to see things like your cost per result. You'll be able to see impressions, how many times your ad seen, how many people has it reached. All the various data points. There's lots of other things I've got other videos on analytics and analyzing data and what to look for and how to optimize campaigns and things like that. But that is the process of getting your first or a proper Facebook ad campaign set up if you've already created them, but weren't 100% sure that you set up everything correctly. That is how you do it. Now, I quickly want to touch on campaign structure. So, what I demonstrated here is one campaign, one ad set, one ad, although there are a few variations of things like primary text, headlines, and the images themselves within that ad. And that is absolutely fine to get started with. I've talked about throughout this video keeping it simple, making it straightforward as possible. You can make things really complicated should you wish to later on. But let's keep it simple to start with, easy to understand, easy to set up. As you go on, you're going to want to add other things, probably other campaigns with things like different services, different product ranges, certainly different ads to be able to test different creatives. I've got a video on campaign structure you can find on my channel and you can go through that in in a lot more detail, but fine to get started with this current structure. And then in terms of what to watch next, I recently recorded a video talking about exactly what I would do if I were starting Facebook ads all over again today. And I think that would be a really good thing for you to watch now. Actually, you can check it out here. I go through what you need to focus on, what you don't need to focus on. You now know how to create a Facebook ad campaign from scratch, but there's more to it than that. There's other considerations that I cover in this video here.

  Top Comments:
  1. @BenHeath [18 likes]: Get personal Meta Ads feedback from me (live) for less than $60 per session:
👉 https://www.skool.com/benheath/about
Let my agency run your Meta ads for you:
👉 https://heathmedia.co.uk/done-for-you/
  2. @synelpt2927 [1 likes]: Thanks for the video, however, I would have appreciated more zoom in of the screen instead of the camera on the bottom left. Very difficult to see everything.
  3. @writedirect [1 likes]: OH MY GOODNESS. Your video saved me. The official META training is such a train wreck of confusion. Thank you for this.
  4. @classic595: @24:09 I can't see this option on my Meta Ads screen? I only see maximize number of conversions and then other goals.
  5. @donalddump5016: Good vid but dude u talk so fast
  6. @sankalpjuneja6907: great explanation mate
  7. @youssefashraf0: Dubbing videos to make it easier for us to learn. I am from Egypt
  8. @AndreaRosales-nx4jf: For conversions I did instant forms - should I choose 1. maximize number of leads or 2. maximize number of conversion leads?
  9. @fiftyshadesoflaw: Thanks for information.
  10. @AlinaXiaoXie-o6x: I am an account agency，let us cooperate together pls
  11. @sanjibmunda724: Amazing nature vibes 🌿 Really enjoyed this video. ipweb”
  12. @Irisraw-i3g: ❤❤❤ thank you
  13. @marymcdermott9949: This was great! Thank you for this resource.
  14. @JimmiFortovoOlli: cool
  15. @shiralfernando1739: Thank you so much. you explain everything very clearly and with details. Really good job and appreciate
  16. @ShareAccess-e7o: 12:27 for small business leads or engagement? I don't have a website just starting the business( clothing brand/store).
I intend to sell my products to customers by massage and WhatsApp . So what should i do?
  17. @GiftEduno: Nice, but too fast, please can you slow down.
  18. @maorshaoulian4789: thank you Ben
this video was so useful!
  19. @bwittyyy3668: What objective do you recommend for people to join you live sale on Instagram live?
  20. @nomanshaikh9239: Hey ben! Will this tutorial help me to get a job as a fresher

- How to CRUSH Facebook Ads with a Small Budget in 2026 (Full Course Post-Andromeda): Kind: captions Language: en Meta is in drama has changed everything. And it seems like every week there's yet another agency guru dropping another really short video promising that you can throw a few hundred dollars into the machine and make a million. We all know it's complete nonsense. So, in this video, I'm going to show you how to absolutely crush with a small budget starting at $50 a day or even 50 a week. We'll start with understanding the three-stage process to scale profits without forcing sales. And I'm even going to give you three simple tools that can easily 10x your revenue without a single extra dollar spent on ads. I'm going to show you real-world ad accounts and every button and setting that you need to know and even show you how I build ads so you can copy and paste your way to success. This is the three-stage process to driving sales not forcing conversions. Stage one, build an audience. This is the awareness and engagement stage. Stage number two, we need to build trust. This is the nurturing and education stage. And stage three, we need to make the offer. This is the sales and retargeting stage. By shifting focus from forcing conversions to building the right audience first, we make every ad dollar more effective and scalable over time. So, let me show you how to make that happen. First, this is the engagement strategy. We're going to run funnel developing targeting. And we're going to integrate our engagement and content with a conversion funnel. So, let's get started with stage one, build an audience. So, we're going to do that with engagement campaigns. The first benefit is a much better audience quality because the system has more signals to optimize delivery. All delivery starts with a do people like this? If we can give the machine a better idea of who those people are and give the machine a much larger amount of those individuals, what you'll get from your organic efforts supports and makes the job a lot easier for your paid ones. Another impact is that you're going to see lower cost per conversion because warmer traffic requires less ad spend to convert. And lastly, you're going to get higher organic reach because improved engagement triggers algorithmic boost in the system. You could try all day to make viral content or we can run a few dollars to teach the machine who wants to see our stuff. And instead of reaching a million people who like our video but never want to buy from us, we can reach a thousand people who are ready to buy today. One of those is money in the bank, the other one well, makes us feel good but doesn't actually make anything different in our lives. So, step number one is building your seed audience. To start, go to business manager, click on the audience button, then click on the create audience button, then click custom audience. From here, you want to click on your custom audience source and you can select your Instagram account or Facebook page or website. Now, on screen, what I'm building here is an Instagram custom audience to target everyone who engaged with the Disruptor School Instagram account. Let's get to a few best practices and then get to step number two. I always start with a 30-day audience. If this works, you can scale spend for a long time. If it doesn't work, go to a 7-day audience. And if it does work, we can add budget with automated rules to expand scaling. Also, we can add a 90 or 180 day OR EVEN A 365 DAY AUDIENCE. HERE are the three audiences that you can choose for your seed in order of quality. First is your followers. And generally speaking, people who are following you have probably been to your website and absolutely have engaged with you. This is the highest quality but lowest quantity. These are the folks who are furthest down in the trust and engagement funnel. The second quality audience is website visitors. These folks have been to your website but they might not be following you. And odds are if they've engaged with their Instagram account, they've probably been to your website. So, this is one tier below followers and engagers, which brings us to the engagers, which is the lowest quality audience but the highest quantity audience. And this is how we can begin to look at our seed audiences when it comes to quality. And to start with, I would do a 30-day engager audience. That is a good mid-level timeframe and gives the machine as much data as possible. That's a great place to start. Now, I hope you're enjoying watching this video as much as I enjoyed making it. And I want to take a moment and just say thank you for watching it. Go ahead and smash the like button. Subscribe to the channel if you haven't already. Ring the bell so you don't miss any future videos. And take a moment to join the Disruptor Academy where you can get for free all the assistance that you need all the things we talk about in this video. There's a link right there. All right. With that being said, let's get back to it. Step number two is creating lookalikes from our seed audiences. To do this, go to the business manager, click on the audience button, click on the create audience button, click on the lookalike audience, select your lookalike source, which is your seed audience from step one, then select your audience location, and then select the number of audiences and the size of the audience you want to make. Now, a Disruptor School best practice here is always start with a 1% audience. If this works, you can scale spend for a long time. If it doesn't work, you can go to a different seed with more data. And if it does work, we can add expanded audience to scale. We can always add a 2% audience or we can use a different seed audience or we can move into new countries. We can also find wins by combining countries. And this is something that I'm doing inside of my ad account for Disruptor Academy and I'm going to show you that here a little bit later. Also, a quick note, when making multiple audience sizes like selecting a 2% and a 5%, the bigger ones are designed to exclude the smaller ones. So, what this means is if you make a 1%, 2%, and a 5%, that 5% audience is not going to have the people in it that are in your 1% or your two. So, they're meant to be incremental to each other not compounding. And to be completely fair, I don't really think you need to go past the 1% anyway. That's going to [clears throat] be more than enough people. Step three is creating your stage one campaign. For this, you want to go to the business manager, click on the create button, select the engagement objective, choose manual engagement, select ad setup, and then select the conversion location as on the ad, select the engagement type as a post engagement, and then choose of the original audience function, and then select the audience that you ultimately want to run with. Step number four is making the ads. To do this, go to your business manager, click on the create button, select the Facebook page and Instagram account that you want to run the ads from, select use existing post, and then select the post from either Facebook or Instagram. Then, scroll down and in the call to action menu, select no button. We want somebody that clicks on this to just go to our account or engage with the content. Another Disruptor School best practice here is to use the Instagram post instead of the Facebook post whenever possible when choosing content to promote. Instagram posts will get more engagement on Instagram than a Facebook post repurposed for Instagram. And use the caption of the Instagram post as your ad name to make it easy to find later. Again, the no button option for call to action is the ideal one for this effort. We want to do one thing very well. And the business goal here more than anything is building trust and engagement to develop an audience that we can sell to later. Also, quick note, some posts will be ineligible especially if they have copyrighted music, third-party filters, or any extras attached like a poll or if they're carousels. Now, when you're running all of these things, you're ultimately going to need to make sure that specific posts don't run away with all the budget because this is also a little bit of creative testing, which brings us to step five, limits and automated rules. It's actually pretty simple. To do this, I want you to go to ads manager, then click on the more button, select custom rule, and to set up a rule, you need to add a name and then apply the rule to the ad level to all active ads, have your action turn off the ad, and then set your conditions. After that, you're going to set your time range and your schedule. And I always basically say max time and run continuously. Now, a couple of Disruptor School best practices that are going to save you a ton of heartache. First, apply this rule to all campaigns, to all active ads. One of the annoying things with automated rules is that you can't really change some eligibility features. And we want to make one rule that applies to everything so you don't have to make the rule over and over again. Now, if you scroll back and take a look real quick, you're going to notice the campaign name needs to contain the words brain development. If it doesn't, this rule won't apply. And this is a very great way to run your automated rules because you now can use nomenclature to decide eligibility. We can change the name of the campaign or ad set or ad. And I often suggest to people set your impression level to at least 2,000 impressions. More impressions takes longer to complete and is more expensive but you'll get better data. And I often use 5,000 or 10,000 impressions inside of my ad accounts. And what that means is every Every post that we're promoting will get the same number of impressions, more or less, meaning that we can evaluate each one in our creative testing process, which is basically what we're doing here, against the same yardstick. And that has become very important when we get to stage two. And stage two is all about building trust. And we do this through nurturing and education. And I'm going to show you how to do it every step of the way with a ton of examples. So, first, select select the ad you want to evaluate and then click the preview button up next to the beaker. When that loads, in the upper right-hand corner, I want you to click on the share arrow and then select Facebook post with comments. Then, click on insights and scroll to the bottom to see the number of follows that post has driven to your account. Now, a quick couple Disrupter School best practices here. Make sure you can organically log in to the Instagram account you're running your ads from. Otherwise, you won't be able to see that insights section. The insights section is very interesting with a lot of useful data, but for this campaign, follows is the only thing that matters. Now, I want to let you know, you will see super popular content get you zero followers. Views aren't value. Followers are potential customers. What we're trying to do is scale our business. So, step number two is scaling and optimization. I want you to duplicate posts that get followers into a new campaign, or an existing campaign if you've already done this step once before. And remember, you can bookmark this video. And there are timestamps down below to make sure that you find exactly the part you're looking for. Come back to this step over and over again to make sure you get it right. And if you have any questions, ask them in the comments section down below and I'll get you an answer right away. This new campaign will have all the same settings, except it will not have the automated rule to turn the ad off. Now, I want you to repeat step one once a week and calculate the cost per follow by dividing the number of follows from the total amount spent. And ultimately, we're going to cost average down our average cost per follow by turning ads off that have an above average cost per follow. Now, Disrupter School best practice here is to create a spreadsheet to track your cost per follow. And what I want you to do is basically say post name and a link to it, number of follows that post got, how much did you spend, and what is the average cost per follow for that post. Do that for all of your posts. Also, remember that new posts will appear to be far more effective because they're carrying over organic follows and any followers you got during the first campaign. I want you to track the amount of money spent and the amount of follows for every post. Your average cost per follow will be the total amount spent from all posts divided by the total follows from all posts. That is incredibly important. So, now let's talk about creative strategy and the tools to use. Starting with the best kinds of content. And I want you to know that this isn't about your conversion ads. This is about your organic content because you're going to start thinking of your Instagram account as an extension of your website and free ads. And you're going to reposition the way that you think about making that content cuz you're not trying to hack the machine to get views. You want only the best people to see your content and future customers to want to engage with that content and follow you and go to your website and eventually buy. Again, remember, views aren't value. Followers are potential customers. If you get 5 million views from people who will never buy from you, that isn't worth anything. But if you get 100 views and 50 of those people are ready to buy anything you have to sell, that is money in the bank. The first principle here is use Instagram Reels because they offer format that is naturally engaging due to its short and dynamic content. Utilizing Reels can increase interaction with your audience, keeping them interested and engaged with your brand. The second principle is showcase your brand personality. Highlight your brand's personality. This makes your content memorable and helps in building a stronger connection with your audience. Now, this doesn't mean that you need a high production content or to make highly branded decisions with every piece of it. If you look at Dad Gang, for instance, half of their content is their customers just posting because it's about capturing that virality and community. If you look at Dog Sauce, Dakota was just repurposing existing memes, but they were all on brand. And if you take a look at Pilates Punks, there's a brand color and a font. And after that, basically, every piece of content is completely different from another one, and they all work. I also love Instagram Reels because it supports multiple content types. From behind the scenes footage and product demos to tips and storytelling. We can utilize various types of content, making it easier to stay on brand and diversify your content strategy without needing to adapt to trends or chase virality. And our last principle is incremental growth over virality. Focusing on consistent, quality content that reflects your brand's values and message builds a more sustainable growth trajectory. Virality is unnecessary when paying for attention. Remember, quality over quantity. I'm going to say this one more time, views aren't value. Say you're a local business like Pilates Punks. If she got 5 million views in the UK and Australia, none of them are going to come and take a class in Studio City or Echo Park in Los Angeles. Understand the goal is to build the business and your content is a vehicle to achieve that goal. Next, let's focus on the cheat code of ManyChat. You can sell in the DMs automatically. I do it every single day. I'm going to show you the exact script that I use, and we're actually going to demo our entire way through it. This is everything you need to succeed. These things print money on autopilot. The first one is comment for a link. Now, this is directly from my ManyChat, and I use this to get more views on YouTube. When any user comments a specific keyword on posts, it will immediately send them a link. It'll also tag them if they click on that link. And that user is added to a list of other clickers of links. And now they can be segmented for other marketing efforts within ManyChat. This is a ManyChat flow to grow followers for value. When a user comments on a post with a keyword, this flow will check to see if they're already a follower. And if they are, it'll send them a link to the website. And if not, it tells them they need to follow and then asks them to confirm. And then it checks and repeats the process until someone does follow for the link. This can be incredibly valuable if you want to promote a lead magnet with people who are also more likely to see the rest of your organic content. Why not have this in every post? Now, you might say, "I'm not going to do that cuz it's going to hurt my views." But we're paying FOR VIEWS. WE DON'T CARE ABOUT that anymore. Now that we've decided to pay to play, we can break all the rules when it comes to going viral because we're not concerned about viral. We want value. We don't want to be popular, we want to make money. And those are two very different things. Now, I also told you I'm going to show you an actual conversation-based flow that will do all of the selling for you. And this is what it looks like. A ManyChat automated conversation isn't just a chatbot, it's a 24/7 lead qualifier, traffic driver, and sales accelerator. Here's why it works. Instant lead qualification. By asking targeted questions, ManyChat can filter out unqualified leads and only pushes high-intent prospects to a sales team or offers. You can have a personalized user experience. The chatbot adapts based on responses, guiding users through a tailored journey that increases engagement and trust. And this is traffic and sales on autopilot. Instead of waiting for manual responses, ManyChat instantly directs interested users to the right product, booking page, or sales funnel. And you have much higher conversion rates. Engaged leads who go through an interactive conversational experience are more likely to buy, book a call, or take an action. With ManyChat, you're not just automating conversations, you're creating a seamless customer journey that qualifies, nurtures, and converts leads efficiently. Another thing that I want you to focus on before we get any further is, please leverage Instagram broadcasts. This is direct and personalized communication. This personalized touch can make your followers feel valued and more connected to your brand, fostering loyalty and encouraging conversions. You get enhanced audience engagement as well. Broadcasting enables real-time interactions with viewers, which can increase engagement rates. Interactive features keep your audience involved, boosting the overall engagement on your channel. And you get increased visibility for promotions. You can announce new products, special offers, or exclusive discounts. This is an extension of more traditional CRM efforts like SMS and email. This is a very cost-effective marketing tool. Again, it's basically just another email or SMS, but now it's happening in the DMs of Instagram, and people can opt-in and opt-out. Like I use this on every channel with every one of my brands. It's free money. Remember, people can opt-in to joining your broadcast channel, and you can reach out to them with questions or polls or content. You can also let them know, "Hey, we have a new offer." The amount of revenue that you can drive just by sending DMs to your Instagram followers who are already opted in to seeing that type of messaging. Before ever sending an email, setting up an SMS, or building any sort of ad. That amount of revenue can fundamentally change the way you operate your business. That money is the money we can use in our ads. And I want you to remember that not everybody opens email. You have to meet your customers where they are. Not just in the way that makes sense for you. Now, I ignore every SMS that comes my way, and I rarely ever look at my email. I have an assistant who throws almost all of it in the trash can before I ever see it. But if I get a DM on Instagram, I can't leave that on red. Everybody is different. Make sure you're talking to all of them. And this is free. Now, let's focus on repurpose.io. First principle here is the unified brand voice. Consistent distribution of your top-performing content across various platforms helps solidify your brand voice and messaging, making it recognizable to your audience no matter where they engage with your content. A quick hack here that I'm using with several brands right now that is crushing. You could push stuff out through trial reels and then promote those with ad dollars and see what works very well, and then make that available on Instagram and everywhere else. You don't have to do this with every piece of content that everybody can see. I have a business right now that's pushing out 10 trial reels a day. The point is they're getting five or 10 wins a week, and they can push that out everywhere. And now every channel looks better. The second principle of this is quality control. Spreading only the best, most engaging content ensures that all material shared across channels maintain a high standard. The third principle of all the best every way with repurpose.io is an enhanced cross-platform presence. What I love about repurpose.io is the fact that you can automate the distribution of content. You can say, "Share this post everywhere." And it'll do it for you. Full disclosure, my workflow is I post everything as a YouTube short. The YouTube shorts that do well get put on a separate playlist, and every post that goes on that playlist gets distributed to every social media platform I have. And now every piece of content I put out everywhere is the best content. And that has done absolute wonders for the rest of my business. Real quick, if you like this video, please go ahead and like this video and subscribe so you don't miss anything else, and share it with all of your friends. YouTube loves that, and that's how we help put back to fiction so that everyone can see more success and less stress. Also, check out Disruptor Academy. We just launched a brand new course on Andromeda One. Literally soup to nuts, everything you need from setup to scale. Automated rules for low budgets, high budgets, literally everything you need to see more success and less stress. The link is right there. All right, that being said, let's get back to it. Now, that brings us to stage three. Make the offer. This is scaling your ads and your bank account. Now, before we get any further, I want to break down what makes a good offer cuz this is the secret to scalable growth. A good offer isn't just something you can sell. It's something your audience already wants and wants to buy from you. But what separates a high revenue business with no profit from growth brands that regularly two or three X every year is this. The offer creates repeat buyers. A great offer doesn't just make a sale, it sets the stage for the next purchase. It builds long-term relationships. When customers buy once and naturally want to buy again, your business compounds its growth without constantly chasing new customers. It increases LTV, not just revenue. Many businesses scale revenue but fail to scale profit because they rely on expensive, one-time sales. Growth brands win by making each customer more valuable over time. And it fuels sustainable scaling. If every sale builds momentum for the next, you don't just grow, you multiply. That's the difference between a brand that struggles to stay afloat and one that doubles or triples every year. Now, if you don't want to just grow, but you want to multiply. If you don't want a really high revenue number, but no money in the bank. If you want to actually scale what you have, it's all about reinvesting your profit and amplifying your business model. You need a self-sustaining cycle. Reinvest a portion of organic earnings back into advertising to promote the very methods that generated these profits, creating a self-sustaining cycle of investment and return. This is also great for risk mitigation. By using only the profits for reinvestment, you minimize financial risk, ensuring that the business doesn't spend more than earned. And this is profit-driven growth. Focusing on amplifying proven revenue-generating strategies ensures that every dollar spent is likely to increase future earnings. This allows for continuous scalability. Even minimal profit margins can support growth as long as reinvestment increases overall profit in absolute terms. What I want you to think about here is you don't need a three X ROAS to grow your business. If you can make $1 profit on every $100 you spend, then that means every $1,000 you spend, you generated $10 profit. And eventually, that profit number is equal to the same price as an additional sale. So now you're not just generating profits, you're amplifying sales volume, and then things start to get really crazy. That's what it's all about. And what I love about this is the long-term sustainability. Investing profits back into the business is the growth strategy that is directly tied to the company's actual performance and success. If you need to go viral to stay in business, then you're probably going to go out of business. Not everybody is Skims, right? Like you can't rely on that. Now, that might be your strength, and if so, then you don't NEED THIS. YOU ALREADY HAVE A MILLION-DOLLAR BUSINESS. But if you don't really like social media, if your posts don't go viral, but you have a business that generates a little bit of profit, doing this can 10X that business. That's what this is all about. Now, I want to focus on understanding broad retargeting. Now, I hear you. Wait a minute. You're like, "Charlie, you said don't do retargeting." If you've ever watched any of my videos, you're like, "It's all broad. It's all broad." There is a very big difference between broad retargeting and funnel pixel event-based retargeting. Now, it's also all about trust. So let me earn your trust by explaining the difference so that you know this is the secret weapon that you can rely on to scale your business. You only need to convert the warmest people to win. If success means getting five, 10, or even 25 sales a day, you don't need to waste energy trying to go higher in the funnel. Instead, focusing on the people who have already shown interest is going to be way more profitable. Those who have visited your site or engaged with your Instagram and Facebook content. This is the lowest friction audience convert because they're already aware of you, and many have already considered a purchase. Broad retargeting is the most efficient use of budget. Instead of spending money trying to reach and convince completely cold audiences who have never heard of you, broad retargeting ensures that every dollar is spent on people who are already in your ecosystem. These people cost less to convert than cold audiences, which means your CPA, or cost per acquisition, remains low and profitable. Also, your retargeting pool grows every day without you doing more work. The magic of broad retargeting is that it scales naturally. If you're running ads on organic content that build trust and awareness, your audience of engaged users only gets bigger every day. And this is true even without raising your budget because also the machine is going to understand who better to show your content to. And because you're growing followers, your organic posts are just reaching new people anyway. Doing nothing more will just bring you more people all the time as long as you maintain the quality and focus on cost averaging your cost per follow down. If you get more followers, you're going to get more earned reach. And by just leveraging the brilliant basics that we've already touched on, this is what you are going to see. More website visitors and social engagement, which equals more potential buyers. More time has been spent on building trust because you're not trying to get the sale with the first touchpoint of somebody seeing your business. It's not handshake, buy from me. It's, "Here's all my content. Oh, you liked it? You've engaged with me? You followed me? You've been on my website? Dude, by the way, did you know I have this thing that you might be interested in?" That's a much easier sales pitch. Right? It's inbound sales versus outbound. You can do this. And broad retargeting audiences are self-sustaining. This means your low-hanging fruit isn't static. It constantly regenerates and improves over time. Your constant refresh also ensures the retargeting audience never runs out of high-quality, ready-to-buy customers. This is simple, it's stable, and it's scalable. It works even if you don't run aggressive cold traffic campaigns. It converts at the highest efficiency possible, and it allows you to scale without wasting money on unnecessary complexity. So, now let me tell you what's the difference between broad retargeting and funnel-based pixel event style retargeting, cuz it's very important, especially on Facebook, but also just understanding consumer behavior. And I'll bet you you haven't thought about this before, or if you have and you brought it up, nobody's giving you a straight answer. So, that's what I'm here to do today. All right, let's get to it. Funnel-based retargeting chases people who already said no. Most cart abandoners and checkout droppers already decided not to buy. Your add-to-cart recovery rate is never 50%. Odds are the vast majority of people who abandon cart are never going to buy from you. Why are you using that as the core of your audience to sell to? That makes no sense. Broad retargeting still reaches the potential buyers, but without overpaying for people who have already moved on. Instead of forcing ads onto people who have left their cart, we let the system prioritize users who are still engaging with our brand across multiple touch points. This keeps CPMs lower because we aren't competing in high bid auctions for checkout abandoners. Remember, if somebody's abandoning cart on your site, they're probably abandoning cart on a couple of your competitors' sites, too. And if people are focused on retargeting add-to-carts, if people are focused on funnel pixel-based events, they're paying an extreme premium, and that person's probably getting spammed from everybody. But here's what's really important. Let's say 10% of people who abandon cart are actually going to buy, and you get 100 abandoning carts out of 1,000 people that have been to your site or engaged with your content. You could spend all of your money on that 100 people, where 90 of them will never buy. Or, you could reach all 1,000 of those people that are interested, including the 10 who are going to buy. And you're going to do so way more efficiently, for a lot less money. And that is very important. Cuz you might also get 12 or 13 sales instead of just the 10, and it cost you less to do it. The people we do reach are actively interested, meaning our ads have higher engagement and conversion rates. This tends to result in higher incremental lift from our ad spend, cuz every dollar goes to people who actually want to buy, rather than chasing users who have already signaled that they have no interest at all. And broad retargeting equals lower CPMs and higher profitability. Ads reach people actively engaging, not those who have moved on. This means more sales, lower costs, and greater profitability. Now, it's time to set up our broad retargeting campaigns. So, we're going to focus on what's the best creative, writing copy that converts, and the best audiences to use. Let's start with the best creative. The creative for the ads in your broad retargeting campaigns should reinforce awareness and stay top of mind. Use assets with high brand recognition. Keep messaging consistent with what they've already seen to reinforce familiarity. And hook with short-form video or GIFs that grab attention without needing explanation. Show how you make their life better. Highlight real-world application, lifestyle shots, testimonials, or products in use. Address pain points and solutions, and make it instantly clear how you help. And use social proof, reviews, or before-and-after results to validate your solution. Remember that these people already know who you are. They've probably already been to your website or engaged with your content. These people are aware of what's going on. The reason they haven't bought yet is either they don't have the need yet, or they don't know if they should be able to trust your actual products. Let's overcome that objection with your content and your ads. They don't need to stop somebody's scroll and get them interested. We've already done that. They just need to get them over the hump, so that they know they can trust And lastly, provide a clear next step to buy. Call out why now. This is offer urgency, limited stock, social proof, and seasonal tie-ins. Use a direct call to action that guides them back into the funnel, like see what's new or get yours now. And reduce friction. Show the price, benefits, and easy checkout options up front. Remember, we're no longer trying to run ads to trick people into buying from us. We just need to get people who are already interested to know that when they're ready to make the purchase, it should be from us. That's the barrier we're trying to overcome. These creatives remind, reinforce, and convert, keeping your brand top of mind while making the decision effortless and compelling. So, now let's talk about how to write ads that convert, and the copywriting that actually makes money. When you want to write copy that converts, we need to understand there are three things to focus on. First, the headline of your Facebook ad. This connects the creative to the offer. Remember that you only have 40 characters max. The headline should capture attention and drive clicks. Also, remember that the headline is not shown on Instagram. So, if you need the headline to win, remember that half of the places those ads will go, it won't show up. Next, we have our primary text, and this provides context and previews the landing page. So, that you know, when somebody sees an ad on Facebook, immediately the eye goes to the content, and then we look down to the headline, and then up to the primary text. The purpose of the primary text is to be the connective tissues, the context for everything. And when somebody sees that primary text and it's what they've see on the landing page, then the primary text that got that click is more likely to get that person that goes to the landing page to hit the add-to-cart button. Continuity matters. Also, keep in mind that primary text shows up to 125 characters before the see more appears. And above the fold matters most. But what's also really important here, quick fun hack, is that you can think of your primary text as the conversation. The stuff that shows above the see more can be the hello, and what happens below the see more can be the close. If there are really important details that you think somebody needs to see because that's what's going to get them to be interested and go to your site, put it below the fold if it would potentially drive somebody away. This is the left right, right? This is the jab jab hook, right? This is what we really need to be focused on. And one of the things that I used to do ALL THE TIME BACK IN THE day is I would put a link to the Facebook group in the copy below the fold. So, when somebody would read it, they'd be interested and see more, oh, hey look, I can join the Facebook group for free to meet other people. Very cool. In fact, this strategy has helped me build communities of over half a million people for brands before. And what's great is that communities sell products. And to be fair, that's all we're really doing here, anyway. So, don't be shy in making that primary text a conversation. Lastly, let's talk strategy. You want to maintain continuity with the creative and the landing page. The voice in our content should match the brand or the customer. What's important here is that when somebody sees your ads, it should sound like you. Or, it should sound like them. If it sounds like anybody else, it ain't going to do the job. It should sound like you if you are trying to be an authority. It should sound like them as the customer if they're trying to see themself as somebody to buy from you. And the honest truth is, ads that do both, having one ad that does one job and one ad that does another, work very well together. Remember, it's not about finding the best ad, it's about finding a system that is stable, and scalable, and predictable, so that you can grow your business and see the success that you deserve. And remember, do not sell to yourself. It's the single biggest mistake everybody makes. Now, let's talk about writing copy with AI. AI can feel fake and is easy to identify if not done right. I want you to focus on the business goal of the meta ad that you're running. Use your other marketing efforts as a source, and use the words of your customers and pages that convert. Now, I've built a tool that you can use free 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. The link is down in the description. It's on ChatGPT. It's called the 322 Method Ads Copywriter. And I've used this myself to build thousands of ads. And the brain behind the GPT is a whole bunch of ads from some of the best people in the business that have driven millions of dollars in sales. You don't need to be a good copywriter. I've basically gotten the world's best to do all the work for you for free. And in fact, I'm going to show you how it works right now. So, what you need to do is going to go to ChatGPT and scroll on down to explore GPTs, and type in 322, and that should bring up the 322 Method Ads Copywriter from Disruptor School. And yeah, 10,000-plus positive reviews. Like, this thing works. And if you notice when this comes up, it'll give you a couple conversation starters. So, what we're going to do today is we're going to just start with your LP, and have a landing page be the source of our information. So, the LP we're going to use today is actually my community on school. This is Disruptor Academy. By the way, the way I've built this community is exclusively through the exact process that we're using today. And I'm going to share what the ad account looks like here in a little bit. And I've actually used this exact GPT and this exact process that I'm going to show you to write the ads to get people to join the program. All right, that being said, let's keep going. So, I've copied the URL for this. I'm going to go back to chat GPT and we're going to pop in the URL. Boom. Now, it's going to ask us a couple of questions to make sure that we're on the same page and that it knows exactly what we're trying to do. Yeah, this is it. This is everything. Love it. Awesome. Please let me know which specific elements or aspects of Disruptor Academy you'd like to highlight in the ad copy. I want to talk about confidence and success. Awesome. Cuz that's really what we're trying to drive here. So, got it. We're going to focus on these. Now, it's referencing the website as well as those points that I really want to highlight and it's giving us ad copy headlines to use. Now, out of all of these, which ones do I like the most? I like number one, turn confusion into confidence. That's fantastic. And I think another one of these that I enjoy is the meta ads finally made simple, success starts here. So, we're going to use this one and we're going to use that one. Fantastic. Now, what it's going to do is reference that website and all of the information that it has and it's going to build primary text for us to use. So, when we go to build ads using the 322 method, it's done all of the hard work for us. And if we look here, we've gotten our two headlines that we like and it's giving us primary text variations and letting us know what these principles are based on. So, this one is pain solution success. This is authority and social proof. This is fast results. This is FOMO and scarcity and simple and direct. And it says, "Now, you need two primary texts to complete [clears throat] the 322 method ads. Pick your top two or let me know if you'd like another batch." Let's use authority and social proof plus simple and direct. You know, I'm not necessarily a hard sales kind of guy. So, that's really on brand for what we're doing. Now, it's building out the ads for us so that we can copy and paste our way to success. And that's really what it's all about. Plus, it's also letting us know that we can use three different creatives, test them in the ad campaign to see what converts best and optimize based on performance. It also says, "Hey, by the way, if you need to know more, there's a link here to a YouTube video so you can learn more about the 322 ad." Which, hey, go ahead and use this, click there if you want. And also, there's a link to sign up for our newsletter or join the academy. This is great. Thank you. That will work. Did we say that we're going to delve into something? NO, THERE ARE NONE OF THE KEYWORDS HERE. There's no crazy use of emojis or any of that other nonsense because it's using real-world best-in-class copywriters as the source data. And it's going to make copy that sounds like our website because it's using that as the language profile and that's how this all works. All right, now that we have our copy and we know what kind of content we should be focusing on, it's time to create a broad retargeting campaign. First, I want you to go to the button, select the sales objective, and choose manual. From there, we can set up our ad set by selecting the conversion location, selecting our data set, which is our pixel. We also can select the conversion event, which is probably going to be purchase but might also be lead. We want to choose original audience, not the advantage audience, and then add the seed audiences from stage one, the things that we built our lookalikes off of. So, if you're noticing, basically what we're doing is saying, "Take the seed audience, build lookalikes of that seed audience, use that to promote our content to grow our seed audience, and then sell to that seed audience." It's a compounding flywheel of growth. That's how this is all going to start working. And I hope it's really starting to click for you because it really is just this easy. So, step number two is we want to add three 322 ads. So, first, what is a 322 ad? It's a structured way to build high-performing meta ads by leveraging meta's machine learning to optimize creative elements effectively. They consist of three creatives, two headlines, and two primary texts. And I want you to focus on concepts so that all ads have congruency. And why should we use 322 ads? Because they rely on science and data instead of luck. These ads optimize for the best combination and it speeds up creative testing and reduces false positives. It scales efficiently and eliminates ad fatigue. Now, if you want to know more about the 322 ads, I'm going to link another video in the description down below. This is the single best ad you can run on Facebook. I've been running them for years. The best people in the world, this is the platform they use and you don't need to work any harder than that to be successful. Now, I promised that I was going to show you my ad account. So, let's get to it. I'm going to share my screen right now and we're going to walk through the impact that this has been able to have on me growing my business and every single step of the way that I just showed you is what I'm doing. And this is how powerful it can be. So, we're about $6,300 so far into this. And if we look down to the breakdown by week, we can see that I started promoting my content towards the end of October. All right, and then I've been promoting it at roughly a couple hundred bucks max a week. Not backbreaking, between 20 and 30 dollars a day, which I've scaled up because things have worked for me. This is my engagement campaign, everything that we talked about. So, now let's take a look at what happened in the first 30 days of this conversion campaign. We went from 139 to 305, 485, 1,250, and then nearly $600 in just a couple of days. Which, obviously, is going to outpace that. Now, what we notice here, according to our 4 PI analysis, is that our frequency went up and then kind of leveled off. Awesome, even though we tripled the budget. And our CPMs did get a little bit higher. That's okay. Well, look, we're selling an info product and we're running static creative to an audience that is small. I don't expect $8 CPMs. But, our cost per result more or less pegged. In this last little bit, it looked bad, I'll tell you. You never trust the last couple of days when doing this last 30-day analysis because it always gives completely out of whack. And remember that your Facebook ads are not the only source of revenue and attribution is not 100% accurate nor is it inclusive of all the money you make. So, what matters here at the end of the day, it cost me $66 to make a sale and my GPT on that was $94. Basically, because I had a couple people spend a lot of money. But, more importantly, if you look at these numbers, these are healthy. These are good. This is how it works. Because I've built an audience around some singular version of what they should expect. When they get more than they've paid for, they're ready to come back for more. That's what this is about. I have a full business built around giving my audience what they want. And I have defined what that expectation should be by my content. Which is why an otherwise really ugly ad crushes. Now, do you want to see what that ad looks like that has delivered me nearly a 10x return in the first 30 days? So, if we go in here, you'll notice it's basically all this one. So, let's dive into here. We're going to go to here. I had to change this ad because we changed the pricing. So, you know, that's fun. But, this is basically the ad. Let me show you. Lock in before the price doubles. Right? Nothing fancy, nothing special. And this is the creative. It doesn't even fit perfectly on the screen. Quite literally, what I did is I took a picture with my phone of what it looked like on my laptop and I tweeted it out and I took a screenshot of it. If you're following me and you didn't know this offer existed, this ad lets you know. I fully expect this to be a million-dollar business by the end of the year. There's no reason why I can't make this work. And this is how it works. Now, my process, school pays me out every Wednesday. So, I take 30% of that revenue, divide it by seven, that's my new daily budget. That's how this works. If you're ready to go even deeper, take one more step down this rabbit hole, I made another video for you. It's right there. And I think you're going to love it. I spent a lot of time and attention on this one and I am super proud of it. So, check it out and until next time, I'll see you on the internet. Bye.

  Top Comments:
  1. @metaltecltd8309 [2 likes]: Great video but I didn't really get how to split the budget between the engagement and sales campaign. If I spend $50 for engagement, how much would be a good starting number for the sales campaign?
  2. @goodjohnbeats [2 likes]: Did you intentionally leave the "Advantage Lookalike" option enabled when creating the Engagement campaign so Meta reaches people beyond the lookalike? Or is that a mistake, and we should disable that option?
  3. @somenatiivi9799 [2 likes]: This is cool but I feel a little complex. 

I just launched a brand new business with no audience whatsoever. Launched ads, drove traffic to a landing page to opt-in and schedule an appointment. 

15€/day, CBO, 3 Ad sets (Broad + Interest 1 + Interest 2), cold traffic, each had the same ads, optimize for scheduled appointments. Made 15,000€ in revenue in 30 days. 

Why do all this if a stupid simple model works?
  4. @Easy-Decor [1 likes]: Thanks! Will try your method! As for your Stage 2 (scaling),  is it better to change the ad set goal to max profile visit rather than post interaction in Stage 1? Since growing followers efficiently is you main goal in Stage 2, I guess profile visit is more relevant (but perhaps more expensive) vs. post interaction (cheaper, but more bots, which is perfect for screening better posts in Stage 1).
  5. @adrian.370 [1 likes]: Ahh, so this engagement campaign goal is followers? I was a bit confused on this to avoid bots and an unnecessarily higher cpc.
  6. @vivancoop [1 likes]: What if you have under 100 followers? 🧐
  7. @notanotherdavidd [1 likes]: hey charley is there any reason for the external spreadsheet as opposed to just following new followers/cost per follower for each individual ad directly in ads manager?
  8. @inprivatejets [1 likes]: Hey C how come I’ve tried broad targeting with different angles and my interest audience always outperforms. I think I haven’t gotten a sale in a month from broad compared to 150 sales from interest. Have you seen this recently?
  9. @Thijsosw [1 likes]: What if we don't have (previous) videos and we start from scratch?
  10. @superyelloworanges [1 likes]: I joined membership for Disrupter Academy but my membership is still pending!
  11. @mohamedahmedtaher796 [1 likes]: this strategy good for mobile app sales? and can i use the 30 days app install as seed audience instead of website visitors? i get good amount of app installs but cant sell from direct campaign
  12. @FLX_PRO_FITNESS [1 likes]: Thinking about this - isn't this kinda against best practice advice nowadays - because you're basically just filling your funnel with engagers and not purchasers - facebooks objectives are literal aren't they? So you're filling your TOF with people who like to engage and then retargeting  engagers with a purchase campaign - but they are engagers and not purchasers!! I get how this used to work in the past - but due to metas extreme traffic manipulation (in their efforts to increase cpcs and cpas) nowadays surely it's a waste of money isnt it?
  13. @eggaming486 [1 likes]: i cant find switch to original audience options..
 need help
  14. @FLX_PRO_FITNESS [1 likes]: I don't see how this works because in reality you just end up paying crazy prices for follows in the end + conversion campaign cpc's on top....so surely no real savings in cpa etc
  15. @caionarealidade6143 [1 likes]: What if I don't have an engaged audience on Instagram? How to make the first engagement campaign?
  16. @caionarealidade6143 [1 likes]: I need the video in Portuguese 😕
  17. @caionarealidade6143 [1 likes]: Nao possui tradução para português? Gostaria do audio em português do Brasil
  18. @svcnsi545 [1 likes]: Hey is this still relevant nowadays? I had thought you said that look alike audiences aren't the best anymore in a recent video, unlike what this video is saying, maybe I am mistaken (probably).
  19. @muhammadumair4392 [1 likes]: Can you Please make a video on the best budget-friendly strategy for sales of e-commerce products.
  20. @frankofaris139 [1 likes]: I reached 5000 impressions in the first few hours of the ad, what should I do?

- HOW TO FIX THE FACEBOOK ADS NOT DELIVERING PROBLEM (STEP-BY-STEP GUIDE 2026): Kind: captions Language: en In this video, I'm going to show you how to fix the Facebook ads not delivering problem step-by-step. If your ads are approved but not spending money, not getting impressions, or showing a not delivering status inside Ads Manager, don't worry. This is a very common issue for advertisers, and in most cases, it can be fixed quickly once you identify the real cause. In this guide, I'll walk you through the most common reasons why Facebook ads stop delivering and how to solve them. First, open your web browser and go to Meta Ads Manager. Log into the Facebook account connected to your advertising account and open the campaign that is not delivering properly. Once you're inside Ads Manager, check the delivery column to confirm the exact status of your campaign, ad set, or ad. One of the most common common reasons ads stop delivering is because the campaign is still in review. Facebook sometimes takes longer to approve ads depending on the account history, ad category, or recent account activity. If your ad is still under review, you may simply need to wait a little longer before delivery begins. Next, check your account spending limit and payment method. Go to billing and payments inside Ads Manager and make sure your payment method is active and hasn't been declined. If there's an unpaid balance or billing issue, Facebook may completely stop ad delivery until the payment problem is resolved. Another major reason for delivery problems is audience size. If your targeting is too narrow, Facebook may struggle to find enough people to show your ads to. Open your ad set settings and review your targeting options. Try broadening your audience by increasing locations, age ranges, interests, or behaviors to give Facebook more people to optimize toward. You should also check your campaign budget and bid strategy. Extremely low budgets or aggressive manual bid settings can prevent ads from entering auctions successfully. In many cases, increasing your daily budget slightly or switching to automatic bidding can help restore delivery quickly. Another important step is reviewing your ad quality and policy compliance. If your ads were recently rejected, limited, or flagged for low-quality content, Facebook may reduce delivery significantly. Make sure your ad creatives, landing pages, and copy follow Meta advertising policies and avoid misleading claims, restricted content, or poor user experience. If you recently edited the campaign multiple times, Facebook's learning phase may also affect delivery temporarily. Frequent changes to targeting, budgets, or creatives can reset optimization and slow down performance. Sometimes the best solution is simply allowing the campaign to stabilize for several hours before making more edits. You should also verify that your pixel or conversion tracking is working correctly if you're optimizing for conversions. A broken pixel or missing event setup can confuse Facebook's optimization system and reduce delivery performance. Use the Meta Events Manager tool to confirm your events are firing properly. If none of these fixes work, try duplicating the campaign or ad set and launching a fresh version. Sometimes older campaigns become stuck due to optimization or delivery issues, and creating a clean duplicate can solve the problem almost instantly. And that's it. You've successfully learned how to fix the Facebook Ads Not Delivering problem by checking billing issues, audience targeting, budgets, ad quality, and optimization settings. You can usually get your campaigns delivering again very quickly. If you found this tutorial helpful, make sure to subscribe to Learn Mode Lab for more Facebook Ads, Meta, and digital marketing tutorials.

  Top Comments:
  1. @UpliftZoneYT [1 likes]: I just find my solution here 
Thank you so much

- Facebook Ads NEW Rules for 2026 (learn this ASAP): Kind: captions Language: en If meta ads are feeling harder and harder, it's because the game has changed. Now Meta Ads is just a race for who can put the most winning ads into their ad account. And some of the people you're bidding directly against are putting thousands of new ads into their ad account every single month. But don't worry, in this video, I'm going to explain the landscape of ads in 2026, and [music] I'm going to give you five rules to follow that are going to help you win on Facebook in 2026. So, first things first, you need to realize that creative volume is king. And I'm going to show you just some before and afters of some big brands. So, Skims in Q4 of 2024 was running 1,500 ads. In Q4 of 2025, they were running 4,800 ads. Gruns, for example, in 2024 was running 900 ads. And in 2025 Q4, they ran almost 3,000. And then a smaller brand that was in probably a similar position to a lot of you last year. In 2024, they're running 100 ads. And then in 2025, they're now running 700 ads. And the founder of this brand, HOS, is actually Lucas Factory, is very public about their numbers. Last Q4, they were doing 100, couple hundred a month. This Q4 they did, I think their biggest month was $2 or $3 million. Another thing too before we move on that I want to show a big difference in the ad accounts look at Gruns the actual pages that they were running the ads from right in 2024 they were mainly running ads directly through their brand page but in 2025 you see a ton of whitelisting and we're going to get into that later but let's move on. So the first rule was creative volume is king. The second rule is you need a creative engine and I'm going to show you exactly how to build that right now. The first thing you need to do before you start building your creative engine is actually doing deep research. And what I mean by this is not AI deep research. You can do it, but I think you should spend a little bit of time doing manual deep research and actually trying to understand your customer. You can do this by crawling Reddit, going in Tik Tok comments, looking at your competitor's comments on their ads, your comments on your own ads, Amazon reviews. You just need to understand what your customer actually wants. And you don't need AI to spit out something that tells you. You need to understand what your customer wants. Now, after you do deep research, you're going to need to write a brief. And for briefs, you're either going to be writing a video brief for VSSL or UGC creator, or you're going to be writing a static brief for static ads that's going to be sent to graphic designers. Notes for your briefs for UGC influencers. You need to have not only the creative type that you're going to do, but also the hook type and the hook visual in every single brief, as well as the actual copy and visual direction for what they need to be doing in the video when they're actually making it. For static ads, you need your creative type, angle, the customer profile that you're attacking, headline, and visual direction. Those are just some things that you need to have and you need to take into account whenever you're actually writing your briefs. Next is going to be actually launching the ads. And later on in the video, I am actually going to explain how you should set up your campaign to properly test the way that I'm going to explain in this video. The next step is going to be analysis. And that doesn't just mean looking at your your cost per acquisition or your rorowaz and picking your winning ads from your losing ads, right? If it's a video ad, you need to be looking at your hook rate, your hold rate, and your click-through [music] rate. If your hook rate is bad, that means your hook sucks. If your hold rate is bad, that means the rest of the video sucks. And if your click-through rate is bad, that means the ad itself didn't do a good enough job selling or it means your CTA is very weak. This is what I mean by analysis. A lot of you guys just take a concept and throw it out the window because you didn't get a 5x row as the first time you ran the ad, right? Wrong. That's not the way you should be going about things. Okay? And if it's a static ad, you can do the same thing. Look at your CPMs. Look at your click-through rates. Look at the comments on the ad. Right? you can go and look and learn from these ads. So that's what the analysis phase looks like. The next phase is going to be ideiation. Okay? And what I mean by that is take those things that you learned from your analysis and what we're going to do is we're going to create a pipeline. A that's going to be ideations of ads that maybe you had a really good hook rate on an ad, but the ad didn't perform well. That's what this is going to be, just strictly iterations. And then we're going to do a pipeline B that is going to be this entire new process over and over and over again. Right? That's how you're going to keep up in 2026. It's not just remaking the ad that worked 3 months ago over and over and over again. You've been doing that and it's not working. That's why you're not scaling. You need to have a creative engine just like this, just like how I set it up for you. So once you get to that analysis stage, you're going to have some winning ads and you're going to ideulate on them. But also, you need to do this over and over and over again so that you can keep testing new customer profiles, new angles, new creative types, new hooks, new headlines. Never stop testing. So hopefully you understand that this is how to build a good creative engine. Next, I'm going to give you my two favorite creative types to go into in 2026. These are the best creatives in my opinion. We've spent [music] tens of millions of dollars on ads at this point, and I'm coming up on like 10 years of running ads. So, take that with whatever you want. These are the two best creatives in my opinion. First is going to be static ads, but I don't just mean regular static ads. I'm going to give you two types of statics that work the best. It's going to be meme statics and curiositybased statics. [music] And holy, that looks terrible. I don't even know if you can read that. And the reason that these are important is because you can do a lot of volume of them. But also, these meme and curiosity based statics are going to have low CPMs. They're sharable. They're funny. That's the meme ones. And then the curiosity based ones I really like. I think it's an underserved emotion. Everybody is trying to do all the selling in this tiny little static ad. They're going to tell them what the ingredients are, what it's going to make them feel like, all these different things. When if you can just invoke enough curiosity to get someone to click, you have good landing pages, maybe you have a quizunnel, maybe you have some consumption funnels, that's extremely extremely important and it is very powerful because you can cut through a lot of the creatives that are just overselling. They have so much going on. If you can just spark some curiosity in someone's mind and get them to click down your funnel, that's a win. The next is going to be whitelisted UGC. Like I showed you in the beginning of the video with grunts, it is extremely extremely overpowered. This is like the new meta. This is the best kind of creative to run in my opinion. You can run it review style, testimonial style, or in like a more OG traditional VSSL way where you give them like a full script to read, ask them to shoot BTS for you and turn it into like a real video ad. These work extremely well because a they're native to the feed. People just like to watch ads like this more and you're using real people and real people connect well with other real people. There's a lot of stuff on YouTube and stuff and you guys I feel like everybody forgets we're making ads. They go to real people, right? You just see all the numbers in the ads manager, but these static ads, the reason that they work is because real people like them. They're funny. They're good. They make people curious. The reason that this works is because real people like it. Okay, we got to get back to what people actually like. So, these are the best creatives that you need to be testing in 2026. Next is how are you going to set up your ads? So, we're going to set up a prospecting campaign and we are not going to be doing an We are going to be doing a CBO. And we're also going to be optimizing for new customer acquisition. We're not going to be doing, you know, existing. No, we're not going to be doing engaged audience. No, we're focused on new customer acquisition and we are going to test and scale in this same campaign. The idea is we are going to create a competitive environment. Remember in the beginning of the video when I said the goal is just to get as many winning ads into your ad account as possible. That's the idea behind setting up your campaigns this way. You can do your retargeting or your audience segmentation or whatever in another campaign, but if you're going to follow this to a tea as the rules for 2026, this is the campaign that you should be testing in. And you, in my opinion, or the way we do things is we scale the budget as we scale the creative output. So, the two things are moving up together. I'm not just getting one winning ad and then scaling my budget every single day, right? As I scale my budget, I also scale my creative output, if that makes sense. Now, the end of the video, the proper mindset when scaling with Meta. I do want you to understand that this is the best algorithm that we've ever had. Okay, I've been running ads on Meta since I was 13 years old. I ran my first drop shipping store and I have never seen an algorithm that works as good as this one. A refresher, it's Andromeda. The creative does the targeting for you. So now I feel like the game is actually easier on the little guys. It's easy for the big guy to pump out a 100,000 creatives, right? But for the little guys, if you just actually lock in, like do a good job, you can test thousands of creatives, right? You can scale. So the way that I want you to think now is by using this as many new customers as humanly possible. If you made it to the end of the video, go to the comments right now [music] and comment that as many new customers as possible. Write this down on your wall. Frame it. Think about it. You don't need to be maximizing for the highest rorowaz. Okay, that's stupid. You need to be trying to get as many new customers as possible. Meta's delivery engine is insane. They literally did a collab with the heads of AI at Nvidia to make a delivery engine that's so good that it reduces the learning process and increases the delivery by like 80 billion times. It's the best algorithm we've literally ever seen. And you're telling me that you're just not trying to scale as hard as you possibly can right now? Why would you be doing that? You should probably not do that. you should probably try to get as many new customers as humanly possible right now. Okay, so I hope you understand what I mean by that. I hope that's that's clocking to you. Um, and yeah, write this down. Leave it in the comments. Do it now. All right, so hopefully that was helpful. If there's one thing that I do want you to take away from this video, it's this sentence right here. Make a lot of static ads that people actually like. Make a lot of UGC content that people actually like and scale aggressively as aggressively as you possibly can. But if you don't know how to do this stuff and you're spending more than $50,000 a month on Meta, good news. Good news. You made it all the way to the end of the video. We make thousands of ads every single month and we spend millions of dollars in our clients ad accounts. If you want to learn more, if you want to work with us, just click the link below. It's a bunch of case studies, testimonials, a bunch of our work on the page, and a full video explainer of how we do what we do. All right, go get as many h oh as many new customers as humanly possible. Go do that. Go do it right now. Tip.

  Top Comments:
  1. @AdnanShaikh1007 [1 likes]: Hey Jared, I redesigned a banner concept for your channel to match the authority and clarity of your content, with a clean, professional look. If you’d consider investing in an upgrade, what’s the best way to send you a preview — email or Instagram DM?
  2. @haarisamir1987 [1 likes]: Oh my. Def gonna work with you soon 🤞🏾
  3. @micaela-bravo [1 likes]: AMNCAHP
  4. @jaredirobinson: If you’re spending $50,000/mo+ & want a team of stimmed up modern day propagandists making ads & managing your meta sales channel….. -> CRTVDON.com 👀
  5. @JulietteCares: We are going to use your method to acquire AMNCAHP. Thank you.
  6. @theceoguy1: make a video how to add 50-100 creatives a week and like get scaling to 300-600k adspend a month how to implement etc
  7. @youngmaryworld: its clocking AMNCASHP
  8. @DrMihirShah: You don’t put the winners into a Seperate scaling campaign ?

Won’t meta just give all the budget to the winner and not even allocate budget to new creatives in order to be able to test them ?
  9. @theoclough: real professional, great videos thank you. Learning a lot
  10. @josephp1263: AMNCAHP
  11. @learning11-d3g: Thank you. How do you recommend someone with 200 a day budget?
  12. @grantzielinski2663: Do we launch new ad sets within the campaign or keep the same adset
  13. @Cybermind1: AMNCAHP
  14. @christiandelgrande: AMNCAHP!
  15. @elmirj7549: Great video, do you use Flex ads? If so, how many ads do you put into those flex ads with say a $200 buget?  Do how many primary text and headlines do you do?  Also, when you kick it off, how to you test other ads, do you create new flex ads in a new adset?  Thanks in advance.
  16. @NoahMack-g9b: AMNCAHP
  17. @evolvetoroots: If you were launching meta ads for the first time how many creatives would you start with? And approximately how much budget would you start with to get enough data to see what working after the first week? Thanks for your video, it does simplify the process a lot.
  18. @Divy1422: Hey Jared, really nice video ! I was wondering if I could help you with more Quality Editing in your videos and also make a highly engaging Thumbnail and also help you with the overall youtube strategy and growth ! Pls let me know what do you think ?
  19. @salihmohamed7759: Appreciate it any referrals for agency’s that make creatives for smaller spending accounts?
  20. @Mehtab-b2d: AMNCAHP

- Best Facebook Ads Attribution For Scale Working Now In 2026: Kind: captions Language: en So, which attribution setting inside Meta gives you the best to us? I'm spending more than 5 million per month on Meta specifically, and this is the best attribution settings with some very interesting data that I'm going to be presenting you within um the accounts themselves. H so you can obviously make better decisions on for your own business and you know really drive the most amount of revenue as possible. If you're interested more trainings like that, please feel free click the link below. you can see how we can actually work together. But let's actually dive straight into the video again. Which attribution gives the best for us? And by attribution setting just for making sure we all clear. I mean obviously are we going to use 7day click? Are we going to use 7 day click one day view? Are we are we are we going to use 7-day click one gauge view or maybe do we want to use incremental attribution which is a new setting that MA actually um got launched over the last few months. So there are a few things here that we need to iron before we dive into the actual um results here and the kind of breakdown. The first thing is we need to understand like what what is the ultimate goal with our attribution window is obviously more ROS right is is is obviously more revenue and more results and more purchases and more volume to our business. But that doesn't mean always the highest for us though. Obviously, this is potentially a separate complete video, but it doesn't mean that the higher the ROS, the more revenue or the more results that we bring into the business or even more important, the ROS depicted and shown and attributed inside the ad account is the actual ROS and that can get the words a bit muddy and essentially it can means that you really can't really trust the ROS inside the app platform. So what we are looking here is an attribution setting that better correlates with our bottom line, better correlates with our revenue, better correlates with um our Shopify numbers. So we are looking at the least or at least the the smallest discrepancy between our purchases and and and basically our data inside the ad account with our data inside Shopify and the actual attributed data. So we want to basically meta to not over report but actually have um a pretty um a pretty accurate view of what's happening as close as it can be because obviously it can only be 100%. Um so that's the the ultimate goal. So again we are not optimizing for the highest rows. There's a lot of freelancers, agency, contractors that going to be playing around with those settings and we are going to see how they're going to gives you high ROS and it kind of looks good on a report but then six to 12 months from now when you're going to report your earnings you're going to see complete different numbers. So again something to really really uh focus on and make sure everything is incremental as possible from the ad accounts to revenue. So we're going to use a an example here so I can obviously demonstrate what what is going to be the best possible solution or what what we found. So this is an ad account spending roughly around 300k per month and optimized on a 7 click one day view. We can see this specifically on a very specific uh kind of ad here. And we're going to see here the highest spending ads. You know we're going to see very decent ROS 3.2 2 the first are actually 3.8 and then 2.4 5.20 and the list goes on very very kind of decent numbers for this business like for context we optimize really for a 2.2 new customer whereas store based on triple well but again anything above 2.2 here is going to be very very beneficial. Now this 7-day click one day view let's look at the same picture now but with a breakdown view. So if you go into the ads manager, you go into um I think is I think is the breakdown or um and you click on compare attribution settings. You're going to be shown with a few options basically 7-day click one day view and it gives you all the basically available attribution settings that you have on meta. If you click on them, they will give you a setting like this. Not saying like a view like this essentially. Um, a view like this. And what I'm comparing here is incremental attribution is is 7day click and one day view. And you can see here the very interesting here to kind of note is you can see one day view is really one day view here is around 55% of the total purchases. Now this is a big big red flag for if you're optimizing uh for uh semic one day view. If I see that the view through conversions being more than 20% of my conversations, this is a big red flag. It means that meta is essentially over reporting and that a lot of those conversations are basically um either never happened or it it then turns into a more of a middle fun and play because the issue with the 7day click one day view is that this not as incremental. So what it ends and the the main issue is that meta also optimizes for that one day view conversion that it actually uh attributes. So basically what happens meta then optimize for a lot of like people who have visited the kind of website maybe obviously just view the ad and seen every purchase and just you know hopped on on the website and then it sends it into a kind of middle final bottom final play which we don't want. We want incremental purchases and obviously more revenue, more new customer revenue as well. So this is a big big red flag. I highly recommend going into your account and see if you're running 73 click on view see the comparison. Now, if it is like if that was for example 200 purchases or like 300 purchases, I wouldn't be too worried. But I still feel like 7day click will always give you um the most incremental uh purchases. But let's actually dive this a bit deeper because it's super interesting. What I've done here is I basically uh recreated the same screenshot by using the incremental distribution. So now meta gives you the a view that is obviously incremental attribution which is essentally what we actually want here. How many of those purchases actually you know incremental to the revenue and here you can something very interesting this obviously the same screen you remember you know we have a 3.8 made you know very very very strong performance and you can see the incremental distribution is almost half if not you know almost exactly half here which essentially means there's a lot of you through conventions over reporting and actually if we take a look at here uh the 7-day click is one 1.4 before. And obviously this is um this is not a great example because this is across a campaign. This is on on on on a specific adset. So this will be different, but you can see it's still very closer to the um incremental and usually incremental attribution is actually slightly uh lower than 7day click. But this is a great way letting for you and and and and another data point to again cross check between you know your actual like purchases and your actual revenue generated from meta compared to what's actually being shown inside the meta ad account. So the nugget here is if you have the money for view through conversions make sure to just not optimize view conversions and switch to a 7day click or let's see a few other examples here. or a new actually setting uh at least recently new I think it's for like a year or so is one on seven day click one day engage view which what that does essentially the engage view is basically is only c capturing that one day view if someone actually clicked on an ad and went somewhere so it doesn't count link clicks so it's again much more um incremental now for all transparency we still Now I'm testing this. I'm testing this and I haven't really seen um and you know I haven't had conclusive data to report back. So I'll make a separate video in specifically on that 7day click one day engage you once I'm obviously getting this across most of my accounts because usually it has been 7-day click mostly but obviously there is a benefit when you're running when you when you when when you're running at scale a lot of video assets to have that engaged view as well which can be very very beneficial. So the nutshell here is so in a nutshell make sure you lean into seven day click or at least seven day click one day engage you. Uh this is really an issue especially when you are at the eight figure maybe high high seven figure range because obviously as you scale the amount of purchases coming through view through and the more that optimize it through know more spent is is really going to have a lot of disadvantages on your actual meta reporting and there's a caveat to that though the seven click one day view is I think great or at least benefit beneficial when you don't have a lot of data. So for example, if you are a six figure business or even a low seven figure business with higher V potentially you don't have a lot of data start optimizing for that 7day click one day uh for that 7-day click specifically and then we want to give meta as much data as possible so you start to you know reaching our customers and start getting uh our message out there to our h customers essentially. So that's a great way to um use the view. So if you're just starting out, just use 7day click one day view. Don't worry about it. But as you scale, make sure you uh really don't leave money on the table and have an 7day click. Now in terms of incremental attribution, I'm going to make a separate video for this specifically. But in a nutshell, I'm also still testing this. So there is an option on a native level to optimize for incremental attribution compared to the kind of standard which again I'm still testing this but again in theory is is is still some beneficial to test when you are at that scale as well and you have also be running on a 7day click as well you have a lot of data and you're really looking better to do that heavy lifting in terms of like providing incremental attributions but I'll do a specific separate video for that um But I think in a nutshell what I would really recommend switches straight to 7-day click or 7-day click one day engage view if you are spending decent amount of money on meta. If you're starting out or you potentially have a high OV you don't have a lot of data inside the account go to 7day click one day view but really play out with those breakdowns. I think those are very very interesting data points to play out for your business as well and it's very easy to kind of pull the reporting and actually track it monthly. You can see also the difference between the performance and the actual NC revenue and to the attribution setting. But that was a video for today. I hope you really really enjoyed it. I really appreciate taking the time. If you want more resource like that, feel free to link click the link below. Have a look below in the description. I have some free resources as well as obviously some options to work with me directly. Thanks a lot for watching this. Hope you have a great day. Bye-bye.

- The BEST TikTok Ads Tutorial for Beginners (2026 Complete Guide): Kind: captions Language: en In this video, I'm going to be breaking down everything you need to know to master Tik Tok ads in 2025 and beyond, even if you're a complete beginner starting from scratch. We're going to be going over why you should be using Tik Tok ads. Step by step on how to get started and set up your accounts, proven ad strategies that my team and I are using every single day to make ridiculous amounts of money on the platform, how to avoid bans and restrictions, how to scale your ads, and most importantly, how to avoid all of the common pitfalls and mistakes that beginners are making on the platform every single day. Now, first of all, what the heck are Tik Tok ads? If you've ever been on the massively popular social media app Tik Tok, you've definitely come across the catchy ads that are seamlessly built into your regular feed of scrolling. These are paid promotions that brands all over the world are using to tap into Tik Tok's massive engaged user base. Currently, there's over a billion active users on the platform, but what's even crazier is that the average daily watch time is 95 minutes for each one of these people. On top of that, 40% of the active users on Tik Tok are actually starting to make purchases directly through the app. And Tik Tok isn't just for Gen Z anymore. Brands of all sizes, from fly by night, drop shipping newbies to billion-dollar brands like Nike and Amazon are leveraging Tik Tok every single day to reach new and highly profitable audiences. Now, I'm going to be real with you. Tik Tok can either be a gold mine or a complete money pit for your business. The first pro of using Tik Tok ads is that it's much more cost-effective than going to other platforms because it's a generally new platform and they're still accumulating tons of new data. Alongside that, Tik Tok users are more engaged than any other platform. From basic things like liking and commenting, but also to purchasing even from organic videos. On top of that, the viral potential on Tik Tok is crazy. It's the easiest platform to start up and within your first few days, you can get millions of views if you pop out a viral vid. But of course, that being said, there are some heavy cons that come with Tik Tok as well. Firstly is that the platform is insanely creativeheavy, which means that it's not as easy as most people think. You need to become a really great marketer to stand out and pump out tons of new creatives to feed the algorithms with if you're expecting to get results. On top of that, because it's a newer platform, there's definitely a pretty big learning curve and it'll take you time to get adjusted to making the right videos for this ads platform. And additionally, a high percentage of the users are still Gen Z's. So, if your product or offering doesn't really resonate with a younger audience, you can't expect to generate insane results. So, if you're ready to leverage cheaper traffic and you're not afraid of pouring more effort into your marketing, then Tik Tok ads are for you. All right, so first things first, we got to get your account set up and running. So, for the past 2 years, I've been in the top 50 partners worldwide for Tik Tok, which means that they're always providing me exclusive deals to give to my audience. So, to go ahead and sign up for Tik Tok ads, you'll definitely be wanting to use the link in the description box because with that link, you're going to get up to $1,000 in free ad credits, which basically means that by using this link for the first little while, you're going to be able to outspend all of your competition because you're only going to be paying 50 on everybody else's dollar for this already cheap traffic, which is insane. Once click on the link, just go ahead and start setting up your account. Be sure to use a brand new email that you've never used before so the promotion can remain active. and go ahead and select your industry as e-commerce or the niche most relevant to what you're selling. As far as payment goes, choosing automatic payment is the easiest and go ahead and load up your card. Now, next, if you're running a Shopify store, it's super easy to connect your pixel and start gathering all that data. On Shopify, they have a built-in Tik Tok integration, and by just following their laid out step-by-step process, you'll be able to have your Tik Tok pixel set up in less than a couple of minutes. Now, if you're using another website hosting platform, just go to Google and type in pixel integration for that platform. as most website hosting platforms have an easy way to connect the pixel. But if not, you can follow a step-by-step video on how to manually connect your pixel and ensure that it's active. And just like that, your account is already now set up and your pixel is ready to track your conversions. Now, it's time to create your first ad. So, once you're in your ads manager, all you have to do is go ahead and click create and choose website conversions to optimize for purchases. Name your campaign something easy for you to remember, possibly just the product or offer that you're testing. and then go ahead and choose conversion and set up the goal as purchase. My next recommendation is to go ahead and upload seven to 10 different creative assets to maximize Tik Tok's algorithmic testing. Now, like I said, it is a very creative heavy process here. So, your best bet is to stock up on as much footage of your product as possible and then start mixing them together and creating ads. Add a few simple ad texts like 50% off plus free shipping or whatever correlates best with the offer that you're running or even just something basic like click to shop now if you don't have any fancy offers. Now, as far as the budget and launch strategy goes, I would recommend starting with a budget of $50 to $100 per day. It might take you a couple of days to get a solid amount of data before you start making informed decisions, but it's definitely best to ease in as this is a new platform you'll be advertising on. Now, at this budget, and if you've uploaded 7 to 10 creatives, you'll likely want to wait at least 24 to 48 hours to give it some decent time to run before you start looking at the data and making any decisions on scaling from there. Now, of course, when it comes to reading your data and making informed decisions, there's so many variables that go into it, and a lot of it has to do with your own intuition and experience from running ads, but a couple of helpful benchmarks for you is to look at your cost per click, which should be under $1. Like I said, Tik Tok generally has cheaper traffic than other platforms, so spending less than a dollar per click is a pretty good place to be in. As far as your CTR or click-through rate goes, I'd say anything between 1 to 1.5 or higher is a solid area that you should be aiming for. If it's below one, then you know you should probably go back to the drawing board with your creatives or offer. And then of course, just like on any other ad platform, you want to be tracking your ad to carts, your initiate checkouts, your sales, and as many other conversion-based metrics that you can from your Shopify store and in the Tik Tok ads manager. If your metrics are hitting these benchmarks and they're strong, but you're not getting any sales yet, just let it run for another day or two to further optimize. But if your metrics are terrible, don't waste any more time after your first 24 to 48 hours. kill the ads and start to create new variations of them. Now, even though it's a newer platform, they've still managed to build up a ton of data and it's likely that their algorithm is going to do all the heavy lifting for you and you don't need to do super specific or hyperargeting approaches when it comes to finding your ideal customer. So, generally keep everything broad and my scaling strategy is to just increase the budget by 20 to 35% every 1 to 2 days as long as your campaign remains profitable or at least at break even. And really guys, I'll say it again. The name of the game here is continually testing as many creatives as possible, trying to bring those key benchmarks and KPIs up and ultimately lead you to more sales and profitability. Also, the ad fatigue is crazy. So, never stop testing. The moment you get complacent with what you're already running is the moment your performance will start to drop. Now, unlike Facebook, Tik Tok is a little bit more lenient with account restrictions and bans, but it does happen all the time, so don't panic. Tik Tok does have pretty reliable support for your appeals whenever issues like this happen. And if you do still find yourself getting banned frequently, the best thing that you can do for yourself is by setting up multiple accounts. Now, luckily, this is much easier than on a platform like Facebook, all you have to do is have a fresh email set up. And in fact, you can keep using the link in the description to keep claiming those promotions every single time you set up a new account. Now, obviously, there's a little bit more details surrounding how to do that and how to maximize it. One thing that we've coined as the Tik Tok glitch method is basically using proxies to continually set up multiple new Tik Tok accounts so that you can keep claiming that promotion. And what that allows you to do is, like I said, spend 50 cents on the dollar compared to everybody else, which will give you a crazy competitive advantage and allow you to scale products rapidly out the gate and keep turning and burning accounts to maintain as much profit as you possibly can. Now, this strategy is a little bit more advanced. So, if you guys are interested in working with our team and having us help you and jump inside your business for a strategy like this, then you can hit the first link down below in the description and you can apply to work with our team. Now, another thing we need to touch on is agency accounts. I'm sure you've heard that term swirling around out there, but this is an investment that you'll be making if you want to target worldwide or enjoy cheaper CPM. It's basically a special form of a Tik Tok account that provides insider access to worldwide targeting, lower CPMs generally, and basically no account bans or restriction. Now, if you looked up on Google Tik Tok agency account providers, I'm sure you'd find a few solid options. But if you're serious about scaling and you don't want to get hit with crazy fees, then go ahead and DM me on Instagram and I'll hook you up to one of the reliable connections that I use. Now, arguably the most important part of this entire video, I'm now going to be pointing out a few traps that beginners almost always fall into when starting ads on Tik Tok. The number one most common issue for e-commerce businesses is having poor fulfillment. And it's no surprise because that's what's given drop shipping a shitty reputation over the last few years. In fact, I personally got scammed five figures by one of the first suppliers that I was ever working with to fill product. On top of that, I've sent out hundreds of orders, which I'm not proud of, by the way, that showed up damaged, defective, faulty, or broken throughout the course of my career. And if with every new product and offer, I kept having difficulties until I finally made a partnership with AutoDS. Now, at first, I just thought of these guys as some fulfillment center that white labels AliExpress and charges a markup on products. But that could not be farther from the truth. Over the past few years, they've truly built a platform that is revolutionary. It is your all-in-one toolkit for starting an e-commerce or drop shipping business from scratch because they have built-in winning product softwares that'll show you the best databacked, most viral products in real time to choose. And in one click, you can import those directly onto your Shopify store. On top of that, all your orders show up in one clean dashboard. And yet again, in one click, they'll go ahead and ship all those orders out from their warehouses in both China and the US to your prospective customers. Not only do they double check, but they triple check for quality every single time they send an order out. So with AutoDS, what you're getting is essentially a bunch of employees working for you inside of your business to make sure that you don't have to do very much work. This will save you so much time, allow you to focus on scaling. And on top of that, they have some of the best and most competitive shipping rates and rates for products. Not to mention, the shipping is extremely fast, too. So anyways, I've been working with AutoDS for a while. They're the number one resource when it comes to drop shipping and e-commerce right now. And of course, I'll have a special link for you guys down below in the description. Now, the second thing is not creating enough content. You need to start thinking about building a content system or a machine, even if you're just testing a product, because when it comes to Tik Tok, you're going to need so many creatives to know if you're really going to go viral and make ridiculous amounts of profit on the platform or not. And of course, the next thing is ensuring that you have the right product. Because of course, guys, the two most important things in making money with e-commerce is what is your product or offering and how good is your marketing? We've talked a little bit about the creatives, but when it comes to the product itself, you need something that is going to catch people's attention on impulse on TikTok. You got to think, regardless of their engaged and active user base that's constantly buying, most people are scrolling social media on a daily just to feel a stimulation, a hit of dopamine amidst their daily boring, mundane life. And so, if your product doesn't scream out to them, doesn't pull an emotional cord or trigger when they're watching it, then it's far less likely that you'll ever make that sale. So, when you're doing your product research, definitely try to look for something that has multiple different angles that you can promote and that is super easy to create videos on. Not to mention has that wow factor that'll hit people right away. And when it comes to your website, this is where I see the most mistakes being made. Beginners take so long and they're perfectionists over every little thing on their landing page when the truth of the matter is you're not a big brand. You don't have super large customer assets and email lists and all this stuff built up and a loyal following of people who residually buy from you yet. Like I said, your whole goal, your focus is to catch somebody on impulse and have them go from point A to point B as fast as possible. To do that, you need a clean, frictionless landing page setup with some beautiful product photos and imagery and benefit driven copy. But keep it stupid simple because as soon as you start getting too complicated and adding scarcity and urgency and all these tactics that you think will work, it won't. And my AI store builder has came a long way. Before it needed a ton of work and now within just a few touch-ups, you'll have a fully built out store that's proven to convert, ready to go. And the themes that we're using were inspired by the number one best converting theme for drop shippers right now. Oh yeah, and this shit's still 100% free while we're working on it. So make sure you go down below to the description and set up your first free store in less than 3 minutes. Customuilt by us, loaded with winning data back products, and ready for you to begin your advertising journey. And that, my friends, is how you master Tik Tok ads in 2025. And now it's your turn. Go and set up your account, get your ads ready, and launch your very first campaign. Don't forget to subscribe, like, and also check out this video I created over the past year, which is basically an 8-hour movie teaching you in depth everything I've ever learned about making money online over the past 6 and a half years. Anyways, thank you guys so much for watching. I'll see you in a few days. Peace.

  Top Comments:
  1. @tanvisaigal8542 [2 likes]: Useless video. It’s just an ad - don’t waste your time.
  2. @spartacusm7594 [1 likes]: AUDT-DS is a SCAM !!! THEY RIPPED PPL THEY GET YOU TO SIGN UP FOR 1.99 THEN THEY CHANGE YOUR CREDIT CARD $400  a few days Later, when you try to get your $$ back they ignore You, and shut down the massages, basically Hang up the phone on You. 
DONT DEAL WITH THEM.
  3. @KAIYAACOSMETICS [1 likes]: Hey has anyone taken the actions from this video and made money?
  4. @sofie3313: The tiktok link doesn't work anymore?
  5. @jennizersarmiento783: Hi! I saw your playlist about TikTok and Facebook ads before, but when I checked again to watch more videos, I couldn’t find them anymore. Are they still available?

I learned a lot from your content, especially about the ideal metrics for ads. I hope you can share more videos about Facebook and TikTok ads. It really helps beginners like me. Thank you 🙏🙏
  6. @billyjoe1401: Can i advertise or boosts tiktok videos and build a audience easily im in the uk?
  7. @MariamMohamed-zh5lp: G major 74
  8. @financialmarketsclub: Very useful guide
 Nice one thanks
  9. @agenciamptperformance: I'm Brazilian, I own an agency, and I create ad accounts in my Business Center for my clients. But when a client leaves, I’m unable to transfer the ad account to them. What should I do?
  10. @ToshaWeissnat: Thanks so much:face-red-heart-shape::face-red-heart-shape:
  11. @FactoryInformation-o9s: Can I get ad credits if I have an already made TikTok account? Or not?
  12. @hankimlim8676: U working for Tik Tok ?? keep selling Tik Tok
  13. @Eliottrankjaer: What if my budget is much lower?
  14. @sarahhana9189: I had someone create me a store with nice products, it’s a general store. However I am struggling to make a single sale. I don’t know how to manoeuvre these tiktok ads it’s so hard :(
  15. @krisz2000: Why I have to add the VAT number? What if I don't have one
  16. @RichardSalami-1: Thanks so much for the video!

Is the ads credit still valid as we speak ?
  17. @igackm2515: I can’t see link 🙉
  18. @BikerMick30: what website i will create?
  19. @AfyaKipato: I Need more Training About How To Run  Tik-Tok Ads.. I Can Get Your Helping?
  20. @stephanieperalta8728: Should I run ads if I’m a new Tik tok shop affiliate or is this only for shop owners

- Privacy controversy concerns raised after Ring Super Bowl ad: Kind: captions Language: en-US BILLING BILLING PRACTICES. SO THE TWO MEN LOOKING AT BETWEEN THREE AND A HALF AND SIX AND A HALF YEARS IN PRISON AT SENTENCING. WE’LL HAVE MUCH MORE ON THIS COMING UP HERE AT 630. A SUPER BOWL AD DESIGNED TO TUG AT HEARTSTRINGS IS STIRRING UP SOME CONTROVERSY. INSTEAD, RING CAMERA HAS NEW AI FEATURES THAT CAN ACCESS ALL THE CAMERAS IN A NEIGHBORHOOD TO LOOK FOR LOST PETS. FOX CORIN HOGGARD IS IN MINNEAPOLIS TONIGHT, AND SO CORIN, THAT DOES SOUND LIKE A NICE FEATURE. SO WHAT’S THE ISSUE? YEAH, KELSEY, I DON’T THINK THAT THERE’S ANYBODY WHO DOESN’T WANT TO HELP THEIR NEIGHBORS FIND A LOST PET, BUT THE CONCERNS HERE ARE JUST THE LEVEL OF SURVEILLANCE THAT THIS REVEALS. THEY SAY, ESSENTIALLY, THAT PRIVATE COMPANIES ARE CREATING BIG BROTHER AND THEN CONVINCING ALL OF US TO OPT IN. AND THEY SAY THIS IS POTENTIALLY A PRIVACY NIGHTMARE. OKAY. SO YOU CAN OPT IN, AS YOU JUST MENTIONED, BUT THEY ALSO POINT OUT THAT THEY DON’T GIVE THE GOVERNMENT VIDEO WITHOUT A WARRANT. SO IS PRIVACY PROTECTED? WHAT HAVE YOU LEARNED? THEORETICALLY, KELSEY RING DOES PROTECT YOUR PRIVACY, BUT HERE’S WHERE THAT BECOMES A LITTLE BIT FUZZY. PRIVACY RIGHTS FOLKS SAY THAT IT’S KIND OF ON THE ROAD TO GIVING THE GOVERNMENT ALL YOUR DATA. SO ESSENTIALLY, YEAH, YOU HAVE OPTED OUT RIGHT NOW. TERMS OFTEN CHANGE. AND SO OPT IN COULD BECOME OPT OUT. AND PROBABLY ALL OF US HAVE KIND OF SIGNED OFF ON A CHANGE OF TERMS WITHOUT REALLY READING WHAT ALL THOSE TERMS ARE. PLUS, WE KNOW RING FOR NOW AT LEAST DOES NOT COOPERATE WITH GOVERNMENTS UNLESS THEY HAVE A WARRANT. BUT RING HAS A PARTNERSHIP WITH FLOC. FLOC DOES COOPERATE WITH LAW ENFORCEMENT, HELPS THEM FIGURE OUT IDENTIFYING VEHICLES OR LICENSE PLATES. AND SO PRIVACY RIGHTS FOLKS SAY THAT ESSENTIALLY THAT SHOWS THAT WE’RE JUST A COUPLE STEPS AWAY FROM OPTING IN, BECOMING THE GOVERNMENT, GETTING ALL OF YOUR DATA. NOW, AGAIN, THE COMPANIES SAY THAT THIS IS NOT HOW THEY USE THIS PRIVATE INFORMATION, THIS VIDEO THAT THEY MIGHT GET FROM A RING CAMERA LIKE THIS ONE. BUT PRIVACY DATA EXPERTS SAY THAT IT’S PRETTY CLOSE. AND ESPECIALLY DURING OPERATION METRO SURGE, WE’RE JUST A COUPLE STEPS AWAY FROM SHARING WITH THE GOVERNMENT, AND THAT IS ESPECIALLY CONCERNING. WE’VE SEEN HOW THESE TECHNOLOGIES HAVE BEEN DEPLOYED HERE IN MINNESOTA, AND IT HAS PEOPLE WORRIED, KNOWING THAT THEIR LICENSE PLATES ARE SCANNED, THEIR FACES ARE BEING SCANNED, THEIR LOCATION DATA, THEIR SEARCH DATA, THEIR SOCIAL MEDIA PROFILES. ALL OF THAT IS BEING SCRAPED AND COLLECTED AND CAN BE WEAPONIZED. AND NOW PEOPLE ARE ALSO BEING TOLD THAT THEIR DOOR CAMERAS OR CAN BE WEAPONIZED. OKAY, SO CORN, IF SOMEBODY DOES WANT ALL OF THE SECURITY BENEFITS, BUT THEY WANT TO PROTECT THEIR PRIVACY AS WELL, IS THERE ANYTHING THAT THEY CAN DO TO MAKE SURE THAT THEY LIMIT HOW THE CAMERAS ARE USED? SURE. YEAH. RIGHT. NOW YOU MAKE SURE YOU OPT OUT AND YOU MAKE SURE YOU’RE ALWAYS OPTING OUT WHENEVER THE TERMS CHANGE. THERE ARE ALSO SOME STATES THAT PREVENT PRIVATE COMPANIES FROM SHARING PRIVATE DATA LIKE THIS. OUR PRIVATE DATA. MINNESOTA’S NOT ONE OF THOSE, BUT I DID TALK TO A COUPLE LEGISLATORS TODAY ON OPPOSITE SIDES OF THE AISLE, AND THEY SAID, THIS IS DEFINITELY SOMETHING BECAUSE OF THAT SUPER BOWL AD THAT’S ON THEIR AGENDA FOR THE SESSION THAT STARTS IN EIGHT DAYS FROM TODAY. RIGHT. AND RING DOOR CAMERAS ARE VERY POPULAR. SO THERE ARE A LOT OF THESE

  Top Comments:
  1. @WhiteMagnoliaTree [1 likes]: This has been a concern long before the Super Bowl commercial. I hate even walking around my neighborhood because of all the ring cams that go off just walking down the sidewalk not even approaching houses. I go out of my way to go out of town for my walks. Privacy is luxury anymore
  2. @Denebreus [1 likes]: Anyone shop at Walmart? EVERYONE that walks into any Walmart has their faces entered into their facial recognition system. The system tracks you through the store and identifies you on checkout. I cannot say that this information is shared, but I am sure it is available to ANY law enforcement agency.

We gave up our privacy YEARS ago, and it just keeps getting worse.

We've given up our privacy for convenience and security, and we have little of either.
  3. @toaphat: All across america, there are cameras on our doors, but let's not forget those indoor cameras everyone loves, to watch their pets when at work. Unless you camera is isolated to your own in home network, all footage is on a corporate server.
  4. @iankind: Honestly, don’t understand why they haven’t deployed a Ring Neighborhood system that sits at each street corner/light and films everything in 360 4K. If you’re gonna go creepy, go all the way.
  5. @nicolasdelaforge7420: There is much worse. The Gov is tracking everyone by way of cell towers and satellites. They target some people (who knows how they select them), such that if you go on a website they don't approve of, or write something on your computer to express yourself, they send a plane or an UAV to scrape the roof of your house. Every time. So there is a program not just to know what you're doing or who you are but a program to harrass and terrorize. And then, teams on the ground seek your "social and economic death". Famous people like francesca albanese and normal people living nornal lives. There must also be money in it.
  6. @notreallyme425: Turns out “opt out” doesn’t matter. Somehow they still had the Guthrie video without a subscription
  7. @festusdillon8567: F ** K Amazon!!!!...and f**K RING!!!!!!
  8. @robfl6874: Here are the some of the ways that the Trump administration has increased surveillance measures under the guise of national security, immigration control, and administrative efficiency: 

DOGE’s mandate included synchronizing data across agencies, enabling real-time, cross-agency access to sensitive personal information. This integration allows agencies like the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) to access previously restricted data, such as Internal Revenue Service (IRS) tax records, without individual warrants. While presented as administrative streamlining, these changes effectively lay the groundwork for a centralized national database on U.S. residents. 

Surveillance implemented by the Trump administration  relies heavily on public-private partnerships that bypass traditional legal constraints. Federal agencies, including DHS and ICE, have contracted private firms and data brokers to collect and analyze vast datasets from commercial sources. Firms like Palantir play a critical role, providing AI-powered platforms that aggregate data from driver’s licenses, financial records, health services, and education systems into unified dashboards for law enforcement. These tools enable predictive policing and algorithmic profiling, often without public oversight or judicial review. 

Surveillance under Trump administration policies disproportionately affects immigrants, people of color, and political dissidents. Executive actions have justified expanded monitoring by framing immigration as an “invasion” and linking Black communities to crime—despite declining national crime rates. Programs like “Catch and Revoke” use AI to scan social media for visa holders suspected of supporting designated groups, chilling free expression. Similarly, financial surveillance has targeted transactions associated with terms like “MAGA” and “TRUMP”, suggesting ideological profiling. 

Much of the data collection occurs without warrants or judicial oversight, enabled by commercial data brokers operating in legal gray zones.
  9. @HRTsAFyre: MAGA is flipping out because the criminals need their privacy.
  10. @BrassCat82: Tell me you didn't read the Terms and Conditions/Privacy Policy without saying you didn't read the Terms and Conditions/Privacy Policy.
  11. @techshabbyC-137: Am I the only one who saw the report that they will start using facial recognition technology in 2026. 

Oh and btw, this is probably coming to a neighborhood near you……
Hawaii is offering free dashcams to drivers as part of the "Eyes on the Road" initiative, aimed at improving road safety and maintenance. The program is distributing 1,000 dashcams to help monitor road conditions and report hazards.
  12. @AronowitzIORT: You can option out most neighborhoods have community watch groups and  an act for help that way.
  13. @burnout_2017: ring cameras are just more fascism inside America. BAN THEM
  14. @amc777x: Privacy is an illusion in this day and age.
  15. @MsNerdsRevenge: Ring my Bell .... 🎵 Anita Bell. The Day Disco 🪩 died. July 12, 1979, at Comiskey Park in Chicago, which ended in a riot
  16. @njWordsmith: Freedom doesn't mean the freedom to commit crime. Christians have known this for two millennia. The freedom to choose is offset by the promise of judgement by an all seeing God.  I don't need a camera to keep me from committing crime, but those who have no such belief can perform egregious acts upon others with immunity. I say, "cameras everywhere the public assembles". Only the agents of darkness fear the light.
  17. @MostHatedButTheMostGreatest: I don’t see a problem with it
  18. @BjornStyrmir: 😂😂😂
  19. @RDens4d: Are those states that prohibit private companies from sharing private data, red states or blue states?
  20. @Abaddon231: We ditched our Alexa spkr , ring doorbell, and switched our phones to pinephones running graphene... We will have no part in this dystopian nightmare..

- How to fix Facebook privacy settings issues for US accounts Full Guide 2026 2: Kind: captions Language: en Hey everyone. In this tutorial, I'll show you how to fix Facebook privacy settings issues for US accounts in 2026. So, if your posts are showing to the wrong people or your privacy settings aren't working properly, yeah, this guide will help you fix everything step by step. First, open Facebook and go to your settings menu. Uh, you can find it by tapping the menu icon and scrolling down to settings and privacy. Next, go to the privacy settings section. So, this is where you control who can see your posts, profile info, friend list, and activity. Now, fix your post visibility settings. I mean, choose options like friends, only me or public depending on your preference. Most privacy issues come from incorrect audience settings. Make sure your profile details are also set correctly. Uh, check your phone number, email, and personal info to control who can view them. Facebook also has a privacy checkup tool. So yeah, use it to quickly review your settings and fix any incorrect visibility options automatically. Next, check apps connected to your account. Uh, remove any apps you don't recognize or don't trust because they may access your data. And that's how to fix Facebook privacy Once you properly adjust visibility, review permissions, and use the privacy checkup tool, your account becomes much more secure. If this guide helped you out, feel free to check out more Facebook tips and privacy tutorials.

- What Google Is Really Doing With Your Data (DuckDuckGo Interview): Kind: captions Language: en The vast majority of free apps on Android have Google trackers. This is why people make claims that microphones must be listening to me. Hello, everybody, and welcome to Techlore Talks, where I invite on experts and other leaders in the field to talk about digital freedom, privacy, security, and digital rights. Today, I have Peter from DuckDuckGo, who's going to discuss the company's mission, how they try to provide privacy-focused search, how they compare to mainstream alternatives like Google and Microsoft Bing, their unique features, their stance on data collection, their broader ecosystem as a whole, like the browser and how it fits into the broader picture and their views of what privacy should entail, as well as their general demographic and why they really try to target the mass audience and how they plan to do that. DuckDuckGo is one of the biggest players in the space, and so I'm really excited to have on Peter to learn more about what goes on behind the scenes at a company like DuckDuckGo. Let's get into it. Welcome, Peter. I have Peter on today from DuckDuckGo, if you don't mind just quickly introducing yourself a little bit and what you do. Yeah. Hey, Henry. Thanks for having me. So I'm Peter Dolansky. I'm at DuckDuckGo. I'm on the product team at DuckDuckGo. I tend to work on our browsers and our privacy protections at DuckDuckGo and sort of been working in the space of browsers and privacy for, I think, more than 15 years now overall. So I'm sort of steeped in it. Yeah, I saw on your LinkedIn that you were at Mozilla before DuckDuckGo. That seems like a pretty natural kind of selection of companies to work for. Do you mind expanding on how that came about? Yeah, absolutely. So, I mean, going all the way back to just before Mozilla, I was always a Firefox fan early on. Obviously, it was a very, you know, one of the first sort of mission driven community sort of driven initiatives that got a lot of traction. a huge Firefox fan. I made an effort to try to join the team. I joined over Mozilla, spent eight years there, very much a proponent of their mission overall. I started in some other areas, but eventually took on product lead of Firefox Desktop, so Firefox for Windows, Mac, Linux, and then privacy and security areas of Firefox as well. And so I worked on a lot of the technologies, privacy technologies they have in Firefox. I know you've talked about some of them on your channel before, the enhanced track protection and a bunch of other capabilities in Firefox. And then after about eight years there, I got to know some of the DuckDuckGo folks. DuckDuckGo has always partnered with Mozilla in some way for DuckDuckGo search as part of one of the search options, of course, in Firefox. And DuckDuckGo team at some point convinced me six years ago to come work on privacy and browsers at DuckDuckGo. And I've been at DuckDuckGo ever since the last six years. Very nice. And then before we start diving into stuff, I just want to make sure people get to know you a little bit more. Sure. Director of product. I might hear that and go, okay, director of which product? What does it actually look like day to day? What are the decisions that you make? What is your role if you had to explain to somebody what you do day-to-day at DuckDuckGo? Yeah, let me first explain it a little bit by describing DuckDuckGo organizationally. I'm not the only director of products. We actually have multiple overall. We hire very senior, very well-rounded people that can work quite autonomously. We are a very flat structure. We're a small company. When I started, I think there were around 80-some odd employees. Over the last six years, we've grown out to about 400 or so. And we take on the tech, you know, Goliaths of the world. So we do a lot with a small team overall. We tend to have our product people kind of specialize in different areas of the product. Either some are more focused on the experience of the product and the onboarding of our applications and our browsers. Some focus a little bit more on, you know, the core browser technology or the privacy features of those browsers. That's a little bit where I spend most of my time. And then, of course, we have some working on new stuff like AI, our Duck.ai that we've launched pretty recently and is growing very quickly. So we have product people kind of specialize into these different areas, and they work day to day with engineers, designers, copywriters, et cetera, to decide sort of what features we're going to build. In the case of privacy, it's evaluating what threat models exist and which threats we want to specifically build capabilities for protecting users from. And so that will be defining those features, coming up with the projects that we're going to run, and then working with our counterparts on design or engineering to come up with prototypes, test them, play with them, adjust them, and then figure out how to launch those things with real users, and then collect feedback from users and iterate. And that's basically how we build our products, very much listening to what our users have to say. Either we go on Reddit, we go on social channels, we listen to users there, we engage. We do a lot of user research as well to interview people, understand their perceptions and what works for them and what doesn't, and use that to help shape basically what we're building in the product overall. Very nice. And then you're focused more on that privacy security development. Yeah, privacy and specifically browsers are browsers on desktop and mobile. Great. Okay, yeah, so I definitely want to touch on your ecosystem later on in the interview. We'll touch on the browsers. We'll touch on your new subscription that I know is new, how that integrates with DuckAI. But I want to start, you know, you brought up the big tech companies, and this is how I really wanted to open this interview was to, you know, someone. DuckDuckAI is a very well-known brand. I feel like it's a very unique name, very unique branding. You guys run billboards everywhere. It's one of the privacy companies that has penetrated, I think, the mainstream awareness very nicely. But I still think that a lot of people, they still use Google, right? They still use a lot of these very mainstream providers. And so I want to just start by asking you, what is happening when somebody is using Google on a daily basis? And what are you trying to offer as an alternative to that? And how do you inject yourselves in that equation? Yeah, so we can tackle that from a few parts. So maybe just a quick point on your, you know, most people use Google. Yes, obviously, Google from search is dominant 90 plus percent market share globally, multiple antitrust lawsuits against them. Pretty clear. Most people are very, very familiar with Google. To put it in context to your earlier point, in the U.S., DuckDuckGo search is the biggest non-Google search engine by volume on mobile devices specifically. So, yeah, I mean, we're hugely popular. A lot of people know us from search, and then we use that to foray into browsers, which I'm sure we'll talk about later. But so, yeah, to your point, a lot of people know DuckDuckGo. I'll pair Google and Chrome together because both of those, you know, the Chrome browser and Google search are heavily used by people worldwide. What is happening when people use these products is you basically on the other side of that have a company that is the world's biggest data collector that is using every tool at their disposal to collect information about you, your actual searches, of course. But, you know, behaviorally profiling you, collecting what websites you go to and deriving information from that. And they're using that to, you know, solidify their ad business model, which is entirely based on provided targeted ads based on these behavioral signals and everything else. And so it is just insane the level of data collection that they've actually been able to amass. And that tends to come from not only the data collection when you use Google search, but on almost all the websites on the Internet and almost all the apps on mobile phones. So, you know, the vast majority of websites on the Internet have Google trackers embedded in them. And the vast majority of Android free apps, we can talk about our app tracking protection that we have a little later. but we know this through our testing that the vast majority of free apps on Android, for example, 90 plus percent have Google trackers in them. And these trackers are just constantly collecting all kinds of bits of information about you. And it's not just, you know, I think most people would assume it to be, oh, they're collecting that I'm into snowboarding or something that doesn't sound too nefarious. But it's actually, you know, much, much deeper than that. Like, you know, And apps, they're collecting whether or not you have headphones plugged in or not, your battery status on your mobile device. We've done a lot of research and sometimes working with newspapers on apps that are supposed to be health-related apps or health websites. And they are basically sending back details about prescription drugs, health conditions, and so on to Google and others. Google is just the biggest of them, but there are a whole bunch of other companies, of course, in the mix here. And so all of that is happening behind the scenes when you're using Google products. They don't prevent anyone else from collecting this information by default. And as a result, I think the manifestation of that that most people see is ads following them around online, often creepy ads, price discrimination, other things we can get into. But this is why I think most people make claims that microphones must be listening to me. And this is why I'm seeing all these ads following you around. And I don't dismiss that there could be some microphones and some home products that may be listening to you. But the vast majority is happening through this web of data collection. It's almost creepier. It's happening behind the scenes. Yeah, absolutely. It knows you just as well as if the microphone was recording the whole time. Exactly. Sorry, I didn't mean to say that. No, that's that. Yeah, I think I think that's the summary. And so that's the that is the experience that most people have. Now, like I said, most people see it in those ads following them around. And that's where they made sense, like something creepy is happening here. But they don't necessarily understand the details of it because it is so hidden. And that's what makes it, I think, so nefarious overall. It's just, you know, all these things are buried in terms and conditions that people obviously don't read when they install apps or agree to those terms when, you know, when they first start using them. And at the end of the day, it's just this treasure trove of data that's being amassed about them in so many places, which then has all kinds of downstream issues. Like, you know, then if you have data breaches and all these things, then your data gets out there. Then it can be used for phishing attempts. And it's just that it ends up being sort of a nightmare scenario. And so I think most people, unfortunately, are exposed to that when using, you know, a product like Google Search plus Google Chrome with the default settings and, you know, no extensions out of the box. Yeah, and I want to dive a little bit more into the technical side of how DuckDuckGo, you know, what does better privacy look like behind the scenes, what you guys can and cannot do. But just before then, I did have a quick question because I have been seeing a lot more awareness around privacy issues the last couple of years. It's not inherently a political question, but it is by nature political because we're seeing a lot more reports come out about government agencies that aren't going through legal due process to get data. They're supposed to go through a judge, they're supposed to get a warrant, and instead of going through that process, they're going to big tech companies that collect this data legally, like Google. They're requesting that data, and Google says that they have a process where they try to only give data they need to give up only in certain situations. But they're giving Google that control. So I've been seeing a lot more awareness around this because people are now concerned about who's actually requesting their data and if it's actually being requested legally or not. So I'm curious if that's something you guys are following, and if you just had any views, or if you've seen an uptick in DuckDuckGo usage as a result of maybe more of these kinds of concerns that people have. Yeah, a couple of different parts to that. One is we always see an uptick in installs and usage of DuckDuckGo whenever there's any sort of news that's semi-related to privacy. Everything from Cambridge Analytica style news events to changes in government to, as you described, practices of governments, that always results in an influx of people being interested in how might I do something to better protect my own personal information and data. And so, yeah, that's always been the case for many, many years overall. So yeah, I mean, DuckDuckGo has been increasing in popularity over the years to get us into this position where a huge percentage of people are using DuckDuckGo for search and also for browsers as well, which I'm sure we'll talk about. In terms of the specifics of government bodies requesting data, our position has always sort of been, we're not going to collect any of it and never put ourselves in a position where we have to give up any data about any user to anyone. And that's how we've built our business. And so, you know, I don't even think I'm not involved in our legal requests that we get, but I don't think the government bodies for the most part even bother with us because they know we don't have anything to give on our users. And so we follow it in so much as we know it leads to people being interested and worried about these things. And of course, we want to do what we can to protect people. But the best way to do that is simply don't collect that information to start with. don't build products that are based on harvesting of that data and selling and sharing that data and so forth. Therefore, yeah, from a brand perspective, that allows us to build trust with people overall. Very nice. And then there's a ton of things I was writing as you were kind of going through this. But just to start, if somebody uses Google, but they enjoy the user experience, they have no intention of moving to DuckDuckGo. Let's just start with that person. But I think we're going to go into the core differences here and what the limitations might be. What if someone just goes into their Google account and just selects, like, don't track me? I know Google has a few little privacy toggles that are very well hidden from users. But if a user just goes in and turns those off and then turns on incognito mode in their browser, what are still kind of the concerns that you would have in that scenario? Yeah, so there's a couple things. So there's like the Google search and what they collect via search explicitly. And, you know, I'm not even familiar with all the settings that you can and can't turn off there. A lot of companies obfuscate these things or change them a lot. But, you know, let's both presume that, you know, you can turn off sort of the use of the collection of your data through search and so on. And you are using incognito mode in Chrome. You still have all kinds of over signals that can be used as identifiers to track you. And so it doesn't prevent any third parties from necessarily doing that overall. You need to take it a step further. You basically need to actually block the trackers running on these websites outright to prevent them from collecting these things that would even be collected in an incognito context overall. Of course, incognito will do some stuff, right? Like it's not going to persist the cookies when you're done that incognito session. And so there might be some temporary identifiers that get blown away when you're done. So it's not nothing, but it just doesn't go far enough. And I think most people are under the impression that incognito is a mode that broadly protects your privacy on the Internet. And really, the reality is that it was really a mode that gives you a little bit more local privacy. So, you know, on your machine, someone doesn't see your browsing history and that sort of thing. Like, that's really what those things were designed for. And so, yeah, I mean, you're just open to all kinds of tracking that happens in non-key cognitive mode via fingerprinting, via IP address collection, you name it. There's a number of other techniques that are used there. And then if we start diving more into DuckDuckGo, you know, let's just stick with search for now and we can slowly expand into the browser because the browser is going to be its own can of worms. But just, you know, in the search side of things, when someone does a search, they type in, hey, like, what's the weather today in San Francisco? If they put that into Google and then they put that in to DuckDuckGo, what is happening behind the scenes that is fundamentally different from a privacy perspective? On the Google side, I mean, I can only say in so much as like, you know, it's a black box. So who knows exactly what they're doing behind the scenes, right? But generally speaking, my assumption is that, you know, you send a search off to Google and it goes to their servers. They certainly collect the, you know, who did the search in terms of if you're logged in, which they very much encourage you to do, you know, by trying to auto log you in in Chrome all the time. They'll associate that search with your identity, presumably, and then use it later downstream for ads or whatever else in some way. I think that's the main thing that's an implication from a user perspective. Of course, there's the location aspect of it as well to enable local search results. In DuckDuckGo, there's a couple of different elements here. Of course, you may want local search results, in which case we would use your location and we try to provide clear options for the user there if they want to use the general location or more specific. And so there's some control the users have over that. But if you really want local search results, that's a needed element there. But on the DuckDuckGo side, the query comes to us and we basically we aggregate sources from a variety of partners. Of course, as you mentioned earlier, Microsoft and Bing is one of our partners. But we also have partners on hotel booking systems, sports score vendors, a plethora of other sources. And we have some of our own index as well. And so we basically use the combination of that data to serve you up some results just based purely on what that query includes. So nothing based on what you've historically searched for because we don't have that information. And that's the main difference. Whereas Google may use your historical information based on the connection to your identity to tailor results to you. And so we don't do any of that on our end. And you get you get the results that you get based on, you know, maybe based on your location, if that's included, and just what you have in the actual query. Got it. And then what kind of so far is that applies if you're logged into a DuckDuckGo account as well? We don't even have a DuckDuckGo account to log into. So that's so the things for your ecosystem are kept separate from the search. is what yeah and exactly so yeah there's no there's no duck.go account related to search we have like we have the ability to save search settings so that you know in a click a cloud saved thing it's not an account based that way if if you blow away your data on your browser your search settings don't get reset and that sort of thing but yeah we don't we don't have an account that is linked to search in any way the closest thing to accounts that we have is one on the subscription side, obviously, if you're paying for a subscription, there has to be some account. And it's usually done through, for most people, through Google Play Store or the App Store. Or on our sync, we have the ability to sync tabs and a bunch of different things across your mobile to desktop. That is also technically an accountless system. So we use QR codes and sync in between, but there's actually no account. But it's account-like in nature, which is why I'm mentioning. But yeah, related to search, there's no account. I see. I asked this in a recent, I don't think we've published it yet, but we talked about the concept of personalization. Companies like Google actually are quite proud that they keep this data over time. It's for personalization, it's to learn about you over time, and especially now with AI. As a consumer, there is potentially some more real tangible benefits. Potentially, right? If you ask, hey, Gemini, what's the weather near me? It might remember that last week you typed it in for San Francisco in Google search, so then it knows that. I'm sure it already knows that it doesn't need to do that, but it's just kind of a hypothetical example. What is your guys' relationship with this personalization? Do you still have any kind of personalization in a way that could be done in a privacy-respecting method? Or is this just something that users lose out on, or do you not see this as a loss? What is your relationship with this? Yeah, I think it's probably most useful to talk about in the context of the traditional search and then towards some of the newer AI approaches. So on traditional search, yeah, we don't think there's really any loss there for users. Apart from the local search results, you don't necessarily need to tailor search results based on historical stuff. We don't see really much tangible benefit for users overall. And that's why we've maintained that position that that's the approach we're going to take because we don't think there's any downside for the users. Now, on AI, to your point, I think there's different use cases are emerging where the utility may very well depend on some additional context. That is quite new in that a lot of people are trying to figure this out, us included, on how to do this in a private manner. There's different elements to that. There's like, you know, inevitably there's a bunch of model providers on AI that most, including DuckDuckGo, are partnered with or using, right, between OpenAI and some of the other ones. The sending, you know, IP address and personalized metadata to those companies isn't necessary for starting to provide more utility in chats and things like that. And so in fact, our Duck AI that we do offer, which you can access through any browser, but of course, it's also built right into our browsers optionally, and you can easily disable this. We basically proxy those connections. We strip off personally identifiable metadata so that the model providers don't get that information. And I think we're still in the forefront of figuring out beyond that, you know, what is the best way to deliver privacy without tradeoffs on utility? and that will include keeping context and building up context based on the types of use cases. Some of that may include in the future local models for things. We're still in the pretty early stages of figuring a lot of this out. So I'm sure you'll hear a lot more from that to go on that over the coming months. And then just to lock in a couple more privacy, more technical privacy things before I zoom out a little bit more about broad search and then we can go to the other ecosystem stuff. If I was to become a DuckDuckGo employee and I was to get access to your server and I was to look at what data you guys have on every search query. Yeah. What does that look like? Just so people can get an understanding of what data is collected about them when they're using the search. To be honest, I probably couldn't give you the detailed answer on that with certainty because I don't work directly on search. But, you know, at a high level, it is pretty much mostly the query itself. Right. And then there is some data in there that's used for fraud detection. We have, you know, we basically our attention policies and everything are such that we delete things as soon as possible. But I couldn't give you the specifics of exactly what's, you know, associated with those queries overall. But like what I'll say on this stuff, I'm a little bit more familiar with on sort of the browser side and so on, in terms of usage metrics and things like that. We don't have any identifiers per user whatsoever. So at most, we collect interaction data, like how many clicks happened on a certain button and things like that at a very high level. And so, yeah, I mean, most other browser vendors are collecting unique identifiers per user, even if they're not tied to an explicit identity, like an email address. We do not even collect that level. And we have ways of making sure that, you know, we purge data pretty quickly. And so it never gets to the point where there's, you know, small groups of users, even though there's not really personally identified the data to start with. We want to make sure that there's no way for us to start to session users based on some attributes about the bits of data that we do collect. And so we minimize that and have very strict policies on it. This might also be maybe a little out of your wheelhouse, but I wrote it down. There's been some talk in some regions about age verification on the search engine level. which is quite fascinating. Horrible idea, in my opinion. But I'm curious if that's something you guys are at least aware of or following. Yeah, we are aware of it. Again, I'm not the most familiar with it. But my understanding in hearing from our policy folks is that I don't believe it applies to DuckDuckGo. I think it may be different per country and there may be some nuances that I'm not familiar with. But my understanding is it only applies, you know, to maybe search engines of a certain size or something. There might be some requirements around it, but I'm not 100 percent, you know, up on all the details of that. But my understanding is that something we're not needing to worry about at this point in time. Got it. And so I do want to ask about open source, kind of your views on open source and what is and isn't open source in the DuckDuckDuck ecosystem. But I guess maybe as a part of that, you guys are still the default search engine in Tor, the Tor browser, which is quite a high threat model tool for people to be using. It's not your average person. It just boots up the Tor browser on a daily basis. And that also, by extension, I think means that on Tails OS, I think DuckDuckGo is also the default, if I'm not mistaken. So what is the overall threat model and the posture? Like, who does DuckDuckGo really serve from a privacy angle? And then how does kind of open source fit into that for you all? I mean, we serve multiple user types, of course, but the way we look at it and think about it is anyone who's, you know, caring, basically cares and has some propensity to act on their privacy are the types of people we want to serve. And that, like, if you look at the people today that use specific browsers with all kinds of settings change and have multiple extensions layered on, like, those are not the primary people we're going after. Of course, we want our tools to work really well for them as well. But we are going after the people who don't know what to do. And I've sat in literally hundreds of user research interviews on the average consumers. And most people fall into this sort of bucket of like they're getting creeped out by ads falling around. They have some notion that all kinds of data is collected about them that there shouldn't be. They want to do something about it, but they don't know what to do. And so those people, they will never, you know, install a browser where they have to go change 20 settings and go install three extensions. Like that is a little bit too hard for most people. And so we are trying to basically be, we've often talked about it as the easy button for privacy. Like just install DuckDuckGo. Our defaults are what you want. They will take care of you. And we will do our utmost to protect you on search, when you browse on other websites, in other apps, and so forth. So that's the sort of broad audience of people that we're trying to cater to overall. And so that's like, you'll see that manifest in our product. We try to keep it simple, clean interface, easy to use. Our fire button in our apps can delete anything quickly. People love it. People love tweeting. They love changing the animations and everything on it. Yeah, that's the sort of thing that we want to deliver that really appeals to people. At the same time, really living up to that brand promise of actually protecting you behind the scenes. A lot of other companies engage in what I'll describe as sort of privacy washing, where we're private, we keep your information private. They sort of often mean we'll keep it private to us and won't share with others, but we'll use it quite a bit. We really try to live up to that privacy reputation in behind the scenes, often not observed by the user overall. But those are the sort of people that we're really trying to cater to. Yeah, and I think it's important. There's definitely a more maximalist privacy posture that you can have. And I know a lot of our audience is very much into that camp as well. But I don't think that people should need to have maximal privacy and have to do even all the things that we talk about on this channel. which is ironic, but people shouldn't have to go through all of that to at least get a nice major upgrade in their day-to-day life. And I feel like that is where services like yours are really good. Swap in, like getting everyone in the world from Google to Duck.Go is fantastic. And it's kind of also, maybe we can talk about this later, but ecosystems and suites also kind of have this negative association in more of the maximalist community because people don't want to put all their eggs in one basket. Proton gets kind of similar flack for that. But the reality is most people like and enjoy and have the convenience of an ecosystem and getting them from one ecosystem to another that has end-to-end encryption, that better respects them, is typically a huge win on a mass level. Just injecting my own opinions there. I don't know if you have anything to say to that. Yeah, yeah, a couple of neat things. This approach that we've taken to sort of cater to the average person that just wants you know, the privacy, basically, day to day, it seems to resonate. Like, you know, our obviously I've mentioned our search and how much it's used earlier, even our browsers on iOS in the US, we are the most popular browser on iOS devices other than Safari, obviously, which is included and Chrome to the earlier point, you know, right in the coattails of Google search. We are the most popular browser by usage on iOS. And so people are really drawn to it overall. And to your point, like, yeah, I mean, I think it's great that there are a whole bunch of tools out there. Tools being extensions, other browsers that have maximalist approaches. I think it's great. And people, if they know how to use those things, by all means, like, you know, use these tools. What we have found is that when some of those tools are adopted by people with a little bit less know-how, they become very problematic. Right. Like like an example might be something like you block origin, you block origin, super popular ad blocker. You know, obviously player benefits to users in terms of, you know, no ads on a lot of things. Now, a lot of people we've interviewed have that I've tried it have said, but it causes all kinds of website issues and breakage for them. And they have to often switch browsers entirely just to make the web work on certain websites and that sort of thing. And that's a hard problem to solve. Ideally, you would not have that problem. And you could take a maximalist approach to everything. But the reality is the web can be broken if you go a little bit too far on some knobs overall. And so we really try to take a maximalist approach until the point where it forces someone to go use a privacy invasive product because that defeats the entire purpose of it overall. And so we spend a lot of time and investment in people looking at, you know, breakage reports on websites, making sure that, you know, we have anti-finger fingerprint protection, making sure we don't go slightly too far, like Tor level far will break all kinds of stuff. And so it's hard to get that balance right, but that's essentially what we strive for. Yeah, and it's very necessary. And again, it doesn't need to take the place of the more advanced tools, which I know we're also big fans of and our community also very much enjoys. But if the only options were those hardcore tools, I don't think it would be good for the ecosystem. So it's important. I have a few more usability questions about the search. I know you're talking about the search a lot, and your main thing isn't even the search, it's the browser. So we'll get into the browsers in a second here. How did you guys get DuckDuckGo search in iOS settings? Because that is impressive, right? Apple gives you five options, tops. Yeah. So I'm curious how that happened. So that that is before my time, if I'm honest about it. So, yeah, I think that happened before six years ago. So all I can tell you is the high level there. You know, certainly I think folks at DuckDuckGo, including our CEO or small company back then, you set up partnership discussions with Apple and we, you know, talk to Apple quite a bit. A lot of this actually came up quite a bit in the recent Google antitrust lawsuit where there were depositions and discussions with Apple and Google on these default questions. And so there's actually a public record you can see of our CEO talking about some of those conversations with Apple. But my understanding is we basically said to Apple, we have the search engines growing in popularity. We were starting to get a sort of a cult following at that point already organically. And we basically petitioned Apple through these conversations to include us. And there was obviously just some decision made to do that. I don't know the details of what that decision included overall and why they specifically chose us. But certainly that helped in the early days in terms of awareness overall and building it out. And then since then, I'm not actually familiar with how Apple's done it since then in terms of what's included in those lists. But some of the other browsers, they do sort of regional popularity lists. And so I think they publish this as part of their repos, where they basically list out, here are the top N search engines that we will include in our list based on popularity per country. And so based on the organic usage of DuckDuckGo per country, we end up being in the list in Chrome in most places overall. Very cool. Yeah, it'd be awesome if Apple just allowed custom search engines. Maybe the EU will make them do that. Revenue, ads. You guys run ads in the search. So, you know, we were talking earlier about how Google runs ads and the concerns around that. So what is different about your approach here? You're absolutely right. We run ads on our search results page. Those ads we are partnered with Microsoft on using the Microsoft Ad Network. So the idea being that an advertiser, if they want to purchase an ad, they just do it on the Microsoft Ad Network and some of those ads will show up on DuckDuckGo. The difference being that the query itself is really the only information that is used to determine which ad to serve, not some behavioral profile or historical information about the user. When you search for something in DuckDuckGo, if you see an ad, there's a little, you can learn more about it. And it sort of explains how our ads work overall. But the idea being that it's set up in a way that Microsoft cannot use information about our users to behaviorally profile or anything like that either. And so that those those ads are private for users. And that's that's really the main difference. Whereas, you know, Google ones, like I said, are tend to be based on whatever profile they've created about you. Yeah. And I think maybe that's the overall pattern here. is kind of the ephemerality, if that's a word, of this. Because the word I've heard in the past that describes how you run ads is contextual ads, which is the more maybe technical term for if you type in diapers into your search engine, that one search might be used to recommend you baby products. Because based on that search, it'll know, oh, maybe this person has a child on the way or has a child currently. Whereas Google might, from a search you did three weeks ago, start continuing to build a profile over time. So it kind of goes back to what we were talking about earlier, which is what's being, quote, personalized and kept long term and built into a profile versus what is just here in the now. Is that a good reflection of that? That's a great reflection of it. And the other thing I'll say is a lot of, you know, Google, Meta, these big data collector companies, not only do they collect data about you based on your website visits and searches in the case of Google, they also have lots of ways to collect data about you, even not even on the internet, right? Like, you know, you go to a store and buy something these days, you know, in most stores, what is the first question the cashier will ask? Can I have your phone number or email address, right? And it's like, oh, well, you'll get points or some reward system. It's like, well, that's the thing that enables them to collect one of those two identifiers, and they only need one, and then directly upload it to Facebook thereafter or Google and then advertise to you as their customer later. And so now you are seeing ads following you around on these sites or, you know, in the case of search ads could be based on literally something you did in person, nothing to do with what you did online. And people don't realize this happens and are freaked out by it all the time overall. And so, yeah, none of that happens on DuckDuckGo with respect to our search ads. It is just you search for a car, you'll get a car ad. You search for diapers, you might get a diaper ad. Got it. And then that's kind of the search end of the equation. So now we pivot over to kind of the other stuff you do. This has, you know, because I've been running this channel now for over 10 years. And back then, it was just DuckDuckGo. I don't recall there being anything else. I remember when you guys released your apps for the first time. Then you released them for desktop. Now you have DuckAI. I think there's even a VPN now, if I'm not mistaken. So can you kind of walk me through this expansion over time? What you guys are choosing to expand to, why, and where you think your role is here, either for yourselves or the people who use DuckDuckGo? Absolutely. So we have the DuckDuckGo subscription. There's two tiers of it. There's a pro and a plus tier. Both tiers have the same basics in terms of privacy protections. So you get a VPN, you get personal information removal, which I can talk about in a minute. Is the VPN only in your browser or is it system wide? It applies system wide. It is in our browser apps. Like that is how we distribute it. We don't distribute it as a separate thing. Like you install our app that includes the VPN either on mobile or desktop. but it does apply system-wide. So it is not just for what happens in the browser overall. So there's a VPN, there's personal information removal to scrub your data from data brokers online. There's identity theft insurance in some countries for people that are worried about that. And then most recently, as part of DuckAI, our optional AI, you get access to more advanced AI models with a subscription. And the second tier in the subscription is to give you higher limits on some of those more advanced models, basically, overall. So the reason we went from search-free, browsers-free, all the privacy tools-free, to having the subscription is there are certain threat models, like IP address collection and some of this personal data removal, that are inherently expensive to actually deliver to people. Meaning with the amount of money we make from search ads and as a business, we couldn't afford to offer all of this for free to people. We wouldn't have a business essentially. So if you really want these more advanced protections, we made those a paid offering to make it a sustaining part of our business overall. But our general approach is we give away stuff for free. So as long as the business can actually support giving stuff away for free, because we want to deliver the widest set of privacy protections to people. As many people can get it. And so that's why your search is free, browsers are free. If you really want the VPN and the other capabilities, there's an annual fee. But we've bundled it together so that you get all those things in a low price per month or the year, as opposed to going and buying a separate VPN and separate other tools. It tends to be less expensive than doing that. Yeah, so I guess you kind of, that was going to be my next question, is where do you see yourself positioning this relative to somebody who wants to use this VPN? And maybe, I think you guys have email aliasing as well. So also email aliasing. That's right. Why would someone pick your ecosystem instead of picking those individual services? You just referred to cost there, but I'm wondering if there's kind of any other things. There's a couple things. So one is certainly cost. You get a bundle of all these things together. The email protection that you refer to is actually a free offering. That's not you don't need their subscription for that. That's just included in our apps. But basically, I think the primary reason for most people is sort of what we talked about earlier is most consumers out there don't want to deal with a lot of complexity. And we're trying to offer this all up in a simple, easy to use package. So if you use our browser, you have the email protection, which allows you to do email aliases, builds right in. You know, when you're filling out forms, you can just click right there. You know, it generates the ELAS email for you. VPN buttons right there, apply system wide. The personal information removal part that I mentioned earlier, that is the way we design. That's really cool. Basically, that's like if you have all these data brokers that collect your information, a lot of them provide opt outs where you can go fill out forms and request that they delete your information. We do that on your behalf. Now, most other services that offer something like this, they have to collect all this information about you so that they can go request deletion of these things on your behalf. We actually do it so that runs locally on your computer. DuckDuckGo doesn't collect that information. And so your computer in the background and your browser while it's running will go and request that all these data brokers delete your information. And so it's really designed in this private way where you don't need to send us anything. To my earliest points about us not wanting that information from you. And so that's what we're hoping that that package really appeals to people who want all those capabilities at a really competitive price overall. Very nice. I need to do more research in your data removal service because, you know, of all of them out there, I know it's I'm sure you all saw the Consumer Reports research. And so the efficacy of them is quite all over the place. Easy Opt-Outs has been consistently a really easy recommendation because it's, I think, $20 a year. And they do a good job. They were found to do really well. It's what I'm using right now. But the idea of using something locally is always a little bit more enticing to me. And I think I had redact.dev on here as well, and they teased that they were working on something similar. So I need to do a big deep dive on these because I think that could be the future of this. And I think you guys already have it. So it's something I need to dig into. Regarding your browser, I'd like to dive into a little bit more of the technical aspects of this. So is your browser designed to only be an ephemeral experience? Meaning, for anyone listening, I know your mobile app, you might log into five services, but I think even by default, maybe? Or at least the fire button kind of implies when you're done with your session, you're done with your session and you have to log into those services again. Is that the only use case you have for it? Does desktop change your use case for the browser? I'd love to hear a little bit more about just the overall place that you see your browser being in people's workflows. Yeah, so the short answer is no. We intend our browsers to be your everyday primary use browser. Now, where we started years back on mobile was probably fair to say a little bit more ephemeral in that we didn't have a lot. There was a lot of browser capabilities we never used to have. I think at some point, I'm not even sure we had bookmarks in there. Like there was a bunch of, you know, it was much more ephemeral. And on mobile, that's a little bit more understandable. Because if you think about mobile use cases on a browser, it's often like you're like click a link to read an article and like you're done with it, right? Like you never care about saving that and coming back to it. Or that's the exception. And over time, of course, people started to do more and more things with their mobile devices and started to use them for purchasing and things like that. So we've sort of evolved the browser over the years to be, hey, if you want to use it in an ephemeral way, great, easy to do that. The fire button's there. But we've now really built out many more capabilities, including data syncing so that you can use it as your everyday browser. On the fire button, to your point that it would blow away cookies and session data and things like that, we have started to make that more configurable without making it harder to use for people who do want to use it in an ephemeral way. We have started to, and you'll start to see this on our mobile devices first, as well as our Mac browser, we have this out now. You can, instead of clearing all your data, you can clear data just for one tab, for example. And so we give some optionality there. While, like I said, still easy access to clear everything if you want. We also have the notion of what we call fireproofing. And that allows you to basically denote, hey, these are websites that I want to maintain sessions on. I want to save. I don't want to blow away all the data. And so you can fireproof websites. And so when you do use the fire button, it will keep some as an exception overall. And so we see sort of a, not quite a bimodal distribution, but the distributions of different types of usage. Some will use it in this sort of very ephemeral way. But many, many of our users use it as their primary day-to-day browser overall. Because I think the reality is that if you look at browser usage, including on desktop, a lot of people actually have more than one browser, and they've historically segmented their usage. Often that segmentation is like work versus personal or maybe like, you know, based on use cases or multiple accounts. You want to have to be logged in simultaneously. Or people who have been doing that with incognito mode or private browsing mode as well. And we're basically trying to have it so that you can just use it every day, but we still enable these other use cases. And so at first, we actually didn't have a separate sort of incognito mode equivalent because our thought process was, well, if most people are using incognito when they want to be private, ours is entirely private by design. But, you know, some people really wanted that because they were using it to log into another account or something that wasn't specifically about privacy. And so we started introducing what we call Fire Windows, you know, which is equivalent for the sort of local privacy being able to segment use cases on desktop. And we are experimenting with that version of that on mobile right now. And so you'll see it's more and more moved to satisfying really any type of use case people want. Nice. And so what's the underlying technology for your browsers? You know, we have we have Chromium based browsers. We have Gecko based, which is Firefox based browsers. What's your approach on different? I think it's different on different operating systems, if I remember correctly. That's right. So the approach is essentially to build on top of what is made available by the platform. And that's what we did on mobile historically. Like everyone's in the same boat there on iOS devices, you know, because Apple doesn't allow for different engines. There might be some EU rules that might change that somewhat, but I haven't seen any strong evidence for that actually happening. On Android, we do the same sort of thing we built on the Android WebView. And then on Mac, when we started building our Mac browser, we could use a lot of the tech we built for iOS and use it. You build it on the Mac WebView that's available. And we're partnered with Apple there as well. So meaning, you know, we feed that we give Apple feedback on on the underlying APIs and they have they've added capabilities and things that we requested over time. So is it WebKit for macOS? Yeah, exactly. So it would be underlying the web view is WebKit for both iOS and macOS. And then so, yeah, Android is on the Android web view, which is, you know, underline that is Chromium. And then on Windows, it's very similar to Android in that we actually have our own web view layer that we've built that we've just recently rolled out. But underlying that is Chromium overall. What about Linux? We unfortunately don't have anything on Linux right now. There isn't anything like this for Linux, right? Yeah, yeah. So the approach does limit us on Linux. And yeah, a lot of people in the Linux community have been asking us for browser. We don't have one coming at this point in time, you know, sad to say for those folks, but maybe in the future. Yeah, I mean, I do think that is a genuine, I mean, it kind of represents the, I guess the countless options that people have on Linux because I can't imagine there being a central browser platform that's built into every Linux distro. So I think that is just a little bit of a limitation in how the Linux community has evolved over the years. But it would be cool if there was something like that. I know there's been some WebKit-based browsers on Linux that are quite fascinating, so maybe someday something like that would happen. Extension support. So you're relying a lot on whatever the platforms give you, So I assume there isn't a consistent extension experience is my guess. If you can probably tell the last time I used the DuckDuckGo browser was many years ago, back when it was probably a little bit more of an ephemeral tool. So I'm also asking for myself here. Yeah, extensions, you're absolutely right. In terms of the platform capabilities, there are some limitations that wouldn't allow us to just deliver the normal extensions that you might have on some other browsers. A lot of people have asked for this stuff. So we are looking at it and trying to determine if there's an approach that makes sense and works. The other element to this is, to my earlier point on, we are really trying to cater and deliver to the average consumer and take care of the threat models there. We also do very much have worries about the sort of threat model that comes with extensions. every month there's a new article about some extension that goes rogue and and collects the you know people's entire browsing history sells it or something you know and like that is just so easy for people to focus on themselves on to be clear like i'm not saying we purposely would want to limit user choice or anything like that we want to make sure that we can deliver for the experiences that most people want without introducing new threats and so like the way we're looking at is both from a, you know, is there something we could do to actually enable extensions, but could we also look at the use cases that extensions deliver and deliver on those natively without most people needing to worry about introducing some third party they don't trust overall. And so you'll start to see us experiment more, you know, in our native browsers with dark mode being applied to websites and like, because if you look at the top extensions, it's like ad blockers, which we already block any tracking-based ad that comes from a tracking domain. So we already act as an ad blocker. The tracker blockers is already covered by us. They're third-party password managers, of course. And of course, there is a gap there. There's a bunch of people that do use third-party password managers. But again, most people do not. Even though that they've been growing in popularity, most people use their browser as their password manager. So we've been heavily investing in making sure that our password manager built in works well, syncs across our browser, all that sort of thing, and making it way easier to import your data. We were one of the first browsers to introduce ability to import data on our mobile browser from, you know, Safari and from the Google Password Manager overall. And people love it. People, you know, are using that in our onboarding. And then extensions like dark readers and things like that. And so some of those things we will start to incorporate natively as best we can, because, yeah, you shouldn't need to rely on a third party. But we will have to look in the future for things like third-party password managers, of course. Nice. And on mobile, it's not as much of a concern because you have autofill that's built into the system. True, absolutely. So I guess it's more of a desktop concern, which frankly, I mean, that shouldn't be your guys' problem. It is quite unfortunate because I think autofill would just be better if it was handled on an OS level. I still to this day think that what Apple did on iOS is hands down the best version of password autofill because it works reliably in every app. There's no kind of preferential treatment that Apple gives keychain over other third parties. Rare Apple win for third-party services, I think. Yeah, on our mobile browsers, we have started to include the option, and it's right there on iOS, to use our password manager as a system provider there and tie into that system that Apple and Google have built. Just because, yeah, I mean, not everyone's going to be using like an Apple device on desktop. And so like that gives them some optionality if they really want to use ours instead overall. But, you know, of course, they can use the system one if they want. Very cool. And I wanted to just ask very, very broadly, actually, why did you guys opt for this like platform based system? Like why did you not do a Firefox fork or a Chromium fork? What were kind of the what's the philosophy here? A couple of things. One is, I mean, if I go back. historically, we were a very small company when we started on our mobile browsers. Like you're talking about one or two engineers, you know, total working on these things. And so pragmatically, it made the most sense. Well, as I said, everyone's in the same boat on iOS. We kind of have to follow that approach. But pragmatically, it made the most sense to not reinvent the wheel on some of the underlying capabilities. And as long as we could deliver on the features we wanted and the privacy, live up to our privacy expectations overall. And so we applied that same approach when we looked at desktop as well. Like, you know, can we use what's already there? Can we use like, you know, from a security patch and update perspective, the fact that like Apple's already handling that for the most part with OS updates. And so that you don't have this dual, you know, the OS has to be updated and the browser has to be updated to get certain security patches. So that was the approach we decided to take on Mac. And it's worked very well for us. By the way, it also allows us to do something like distribute in the App Store on desktop on Mac, where other browsers don't necessarily have that capability overall, unless they're doing something similar to us. On Windows, it was a little bit different. We originally started with using the WebView 2, which is available from Microsoft on Windows. But we certainly had some limitations along the way. And then we basically had to go a little bit different route. But the philosophy is the same. Don't reinvent the wheel for the things that are already solved for people elsewhere and build on top of that to deliver some of these capabilities overall. The cost of maintaining a fork of some of the other browsers and either inheriting some of the web compatibility issues on some of them or, you know, just maintaining that fork in other cases to make sure there's no privacy invasive aspects to it. We felt that that wasn't the right trade-off to make where we could go with this approach overall. But yeah, we'll see how it evolves into the future. This approach is working for us for this foreseeable future. Nice. Do you support passkeys in your password management solution? We not this moment. Well, we do, sorry, I should say we do on Mac and I think on iOS. On Windows, we do not, but we've got a project right now to look into, you know, enabling that properly. Like it does work in some context, but, you know, we want to see if we can store some of the passkeys in our password manager directly and, you know, enable that model for people. Very cool. Progressive web apps. Is that something that you guys support on desktop? We don't. We don't. No. Yeah. You know, honestly, it's the sort of thing where like, you know, I remember being involved in the early days of progressive web apps, you know, Mozilla And like, it seemed to have a lot of promise overall, but the adoption really hasn't been there to a huge degree overall. Like we even had a version of DuckDuckGo search as a progressive web app up until a couple of years ago, I think. It's a confusing model for people, unfortunately, at the end of the day. Like, for example, when we started offering a Windows app, browser app, and we had a progressive version of our search, we started getting all kinds of user feedback that was very confused. They would say things like they would be in edge using DuckDuckGo, and they thought that that was our browser, or the reverse was true, and they would complain that we blew away all their bookmarks. And there's all kinds of sort of user, you know, I think issues with understanding that model. So it's not something we've really thought so hard about enabling. I'm not going to say we wouldn't do it in the future, but it just doesn't seem like it's taken off to a huge degree. Right. And what about fingerprinting protection? You know, we have kind of like the Tor project and all that browsers approach, which is to blend users, make them look together so that websites can't, you know, tell each user apart. We have kind of Braves approach of randomizing fingerprints. Each time you boot it up, it's different. Do you guys have any protections against this? Yeah, we do. So there's, you know, there's a couple of different elements to this. Like one is there's a lot of fingerprinting scripts that are on our third party block list that we have. And so like, but we've actually blocked the tracking scripts from all kinds of known trackers, inclusive of these fingerprinting scripts. So that's like the first layer. Like a lot of other browsers that don't outright block tracking scripts, they only block cookies. They won't block this. We block this stuff outright first. And then we do override APIs as well, similar to what you're describing from others, where we might do some JavaScript injection on the page and override some APIs to sort of fool or obfuscate the user's fingerprint overall. The approach taken is a little bit different on each platform because like we because on iOS and Mac, we we use WebKit ultimately underneath. We inherit a lot of their anti-fingerprinting capabilities already. They're just baked into our browser. And so then, you know, there's a slight difference on how we do it on different platforms. But yeah, the idea is that we do try to override a bunch of these APIs. We do actually have on our website, if you go to DuckDuckGo.com slash compare dash privacy, we actually have a nice little comparison chart that shows the different protections we have relative to other popular browsers and extensions as well. You can compare our extension to other extensions that are out there. And each one of those has a learn more. And we have help pages that go into the detail of each of these protections and how they work and what the limitations are per platform and so on. Nice. And then something I forgot to double click on is, you know, what is open source in your ecosystem? Yeah. So we are big fans of open source. We generally open source most things. I mean, there's some things we don't open source. The search, we don't open source search. Search is a, you don't want it to become a gameable system, essentially. But browsers, we open source. The only one we haven't open sourced yet was our Windows one because we were doing some re-architecture. We were waiting on that first before we made it available open source, before we open sourced it and then changed a lot of it. And so we're actually almost through that. And so I expect we'll open source it before long. But yeah, you can see in our repo, most things we have are open source. And that includes a lot of our underlying capabilities that feed our privacy protections. We have our tracker radar, which is our crawling system that goes and figures out who are the trackers on the Internet. That data set that's produced there and all the open source aspects of that are actually used by a lot of academics for research and be actually a lot of other companies use it as well. Apple included. Very nice. And one of the things that's in your ecosystem that I haven't used yet. So I'm genuinely curious how it works. So you have this app tracking protection. This is, from my understanding, built into the browser, but it applies system-wide. I assume that you're going to be running some kind of VPN connection that blocks certain domains contacted by third-party trackers. Do you mind expanding how that works? Yes, absolutely. So app tracking protection is a feature on Android specifically in our Android browser. It is an optional feature, as you mentioned, it's free. It uses the VPN APIs on Android. So when you turn it on, you will have to give VPN permissions to our application. And it all operates locally on the device. So while it's using the VPN APIs, it's not sending data to DuckDuckGo servers. It is basically just forcing all the app traffic on your device to route through a VPN layer on the device where we can identify trackers and block requests to those trackers. And so just as we block trackers on the web for third parties that exist on websites, if a given app is communicating with third party known trackers and we identify those through testing that we've done, I mentioned earlier that most of the free apps on Android have embedded trackers in them. So we've done thorough testing and we come up with a block list, which we publish on our open source, and we block requests to those trackers if they're not owned by the same company as the app itself. Right. So that's where like if it's Facebook using the Facebook app, we're not going to block requests to a Facebook domain. But if you're like using some random other app and it's trying to communicate with Facebook to a tracking domain, we will block it. And the cool thing about it is it shows you in real time what's happening. And people are absolutely shocked by the level of tracking that happens. It is like, you know, I was actually just, I just turned this on this morning on my device after I reinstalled our app. So this has only been running, I'll just show you my personal Android device since, I don't know, maybe five hours today. Eight apps on my device have had 806 tracking attempts. You know, and if you dig into each one of those, it actually shows you the sort of bits of data. They're known to collect the trackers, headphone status and battery level and so on and so forth. And so when people see this, it's sort of a shocking eye opener. You go to sleep at night, you pick up your phone in the morning and you look in like over the last eight hours. There's been, you know, 5000 tracking attempts, which is quite insane. Yeah, I guess something you said that that has me curious. You mentioned how if somebody has the Facebook app on their phone, you're not going to block, you know, first party Facebook domains. But what if somebody has, you know, a calculator app that has Facebook trackers and they have the Facebook app on your phone? Is it granular enough to be able to distinguish which app it's coming from? Exactly. And this is why, by the way, we do not have it on iOS because on iOS that is not possible. On Android, it is possible. And so we can say the calculator app is trying to talk to Facebook. Don't allow it. Facebook app, trying to talk to Facebook, allow it. We kind of distinguish between first and third party. And we are able to do that at the VPN level on Android pretty readily. We have to basically map out who owns what apps and what tracking domains they own. And then just make sure to not block, you know, those that are owned by the same company sort of thing to avoid problems. And we also like, it'll apply to other browsers even if you have it on your device. However, by default, we tend not to turn that on because that's like in a browser context. Like if you're going to the Facebook site and then the Facebook site is trying to communicate with Facebook, we don't want to block those requests because that will, you know, break your experience in some way. And so by default, we have a set of apps that we don't enable it for. But we were transparent about that. You can click to see which apps it applies to you and you can override them. You could say, actually, I want it to apply to these other browsers. But it's honestly, I've been using it since we built a proof of concept six years ago. And I feel naked when I don't have it on my device overall. It's a really great feature. Yeah, it's a cool implementation for it. And I was going to ask why iOS wasn't a thing. So thank you for getting to that. I assume this kind of choice you made to distinguish between first and third parties is also why you didn't opt for just a DNS block list system. I know others do provide a similar capability via DNS, but there's tradeoffs there, of course. And that's one of them that makes it really hard to avoid breakage. So either you cause a bunch of breakage issues, to my earlier point about not messing with people's day-to-day experience, which causes them to abandon it, or you have to water it down to the level where you just can't block a bunch of things because you fear that it's going to break stuff and then it's not as effective where it can be. And so this approach of doing it on device allows us to get a little bit more nuanced on that. Now, it comes with challenges. Like, we had to work through a lot of, like, there's a lot of Android phones will try to do, like, battery optimization. They'll wonder why our app is working in the background. And they'll try to, you know, cut against us and fight us and try to disable it. But we've been able to put in place, you know, detection of that where we can tell users, like, go turn off this battery optimization that Samsung's trying to apply to keep working and so forth. And we have a huge percentage of our Android users use it each day and they keep it on constantly. And they love it. People share screenshots all the time. It makes them feel protected as well because they can viscerally see it happening, unlike most privacy issues. Yeah, the visualization is really important. And over time, I've seen how for regular people, that stuff really matters. One other issue with DNS. I love DNS because that's how I do a lot of my blocking. But it's not going to block IP addresses. So if someone's going to contact an IP address directly, it's going to bypass DNS and it's not going to be blocked. Do you guys do any filtering on an IP address level as well? Specifically for app tracking protection? For app tracking protection, yeah. No, it is purely based on who's being contacted and is it a tracker domain or not. And if it is, we block it. So presumably we would block most IP address collection to those third-party trackers. But that won't, to your point, that won't, you know, the first party will still be able to collect your IP address. And that's where you would need, you know, an actual VPN functioning to help with that problem. I definitely need to ask, you know, about the elephant in the room, which was a few years ago. I know there was a lot of controversy over the Microsoft exception for, was it inside the browser or was the app tracking protection? Yeah, let me, I can speak to that. it was relative, it was related to our block list, right? So I mentioned we block third-party trackers in all of our browsers, and that goes above and beyond what most browsers do. Most browsers that claim to be privacy-protecting are just blocking cookies. So we were blocking cookies. We also were blocking the tracking scripts themselves. There was a requirement for Microsoft partners that Microsoft had in their contracts on search from many years ago, actually, where, you know, I don't know the details of it, but the clause was essentially there are certain domains, you know, tracker domains that shall not block if you have a, you know, any block list that you're applying in your product. We were not, I think at the time, transparent about that enough. And so even though it's, I think a lot of people misconstrued it as, oh, we were collecting data and sharing it with Microsoft. Never the case. There were never, you know, there's nothing, no information from search being shared with Microsoft like that. It was just that our tracker blocking on third-party websites didn't go as far as, you know, it potentially could have gone on those couple Microsoft domains, but it was still well beyond what most other tools provide. Now, we heard the feedback loud and clear on that. We should have been transparent about it. Since that's what led us to go document these things much more granular, I mentioned earlier, we have these help pages. We spend months going in and documenting everything worked per platform. If there's any exceptions we grant, we listed those out. We also were able to work with Microsoft to change that policy as well, so that we could start to block those and there wouldn't be such an exception overall. But yeah, I understand that people may have been concerned about that and we hopefully have satisfied those concerns. Yeah, I think the default is to be quite angry and frustrated, but I think when you hear more of the details and also I think the response to it has been quite solid and it's good to see that kind of change over time. You mentioned feedback from the community And I think I saw a recent poll. It's been a few months now, I think, but you guys polled the community to see what people think about AI. Yes, yeah. Yes, AI, no AI. Yeah, no AI seemed to be quite overwhelming. But at the same time, you all have AI features that you're continuing to roll out. So I wanted to see kind of what your guys' views are on AI, how you think it fits in the ecosystem, and how you're balancing kind of that feedback of people who don't want AI with maybe some of the people who do. Absolutely. Yeah, it's a great question. Yeah, we had this, we had a poll because we knew, we knew that there was, there's a bunch of different opinions and attitudes about AI out there. And so we wanted to spur some conversation about it. So the, yeah, the poll was, are you yes AI or no AI? And as you stated that a lot of people said they were in the no AI camp. And if you, if you like, if you look at that and look at, okay, what do people mean by that? It tends to be, what is the felt experience for most people relative to AI? It starts with getting, you know, social feeds filled with AI slop. Starts with, you know, people getting, having their maybe older generation parents sharing clearly fake videos with them and thinking they're real. And like, you know, say this with some personal experience. This is a sort of felt experience that a lot of people have with AI, even though there's a whole bunch of other people that are starting to get a lot of utility out of various use cases. And so all of it gets lumped in in one bucket. And so I think both of these things are true. There's real issues with AI that cause a visceral reaction for a lot of people, whilst at the same time there is utility provided by AI in other ways. And so our approach has been, and, you know, sort of cemented by, you know, what we've seen a poll like this, it should be optional. Like we shouldn't shove things down people's throats. Like if people don't want AI, let's give them our product. They can turn it off very easily. In fact, we added it so that you can from the get-go, like, you know, as a global toggle in our browsers, you can toggle it off. And then there's no AI entry point for chat. You can disable, you know, in our search results. We have a search assist that sometimes will give you AI type summaries. You can disable that. You can also adjust it. Like you can say, I want to see this more or less. Everyone, they should have the ability to turn it off. And that's the optional bit. To the point where we literally changed our app name in the app stores for a while to say AI optional. Just to make it very, very clear to people. And that's, like I said, compared to other systems out there, other search engines and whatnot, that are providing no options to people on this stuff at all. So that's been the approach. And to my point earlier, but there's a whole bunch of people that get in utility from this. We want to give them that utility. Like if people are getting value from it, we want to do it and we want to do it in a way that gives them more privacy. And that's essentially why we've built DuckAI out where, as I sort of mentioned earlier, we try to anonymize the chat metadata. We, for most model, for a lot of model providers, we have a zero data retention policy, meaning we've got them to agree to zero data retention. when any chats are passed on. For others, there's a minimal data retention. We're trying to be transparent about that. And then for all of our providers, we do no AI training. So we've set it up so that if you're using our DuckAI and behind the scenes, you're using an open AI model or a model from Anthropoc, whomever, it's set to no data training. And while you could probably go use each of these tools individually and go into settings and adjust this stuff, to my earlier point, Most people don't know you can do that. We won't figure out how to do that. If you just use DuckAI, it just handles that for you across all these model providers. And so that's the balance we're trying to strike is for the people that want this and want to start to get the utility from it, give them the option to do that in a private way. For everyone else that doesn't want it, let them turn it off. Including we started adding filters to our images on our search where we could try to filter out known sources that provide, you know, AI slop images, clearly fake images in the results. I saw that. I did learn a few months ago that you guys actually have a dedicated no AI domain. I forgot the exact URL. NoAI.go.com. So you can set that. Like if you're using us as a search in another browser, you can set that. We're actually in the middle of potentially playing with having it so that you can install a version of our extension on other browsers that will set that as your domain. Because some browsers, it's harder to set a custom domain like that. Also, I mentioned that you can adjust our search settings. But because we have no account, a lot of people, if they blow away their browser data, it resets on them. So if they had it set to all these AI things off, and then they blew away all the data, it resets on them. So we're trying to make it easier to maintain that state. And we'll probably do that via our extension in the near future if you're using us inside of another browser. Very cool. And then something else, just a very quick question on the Duck AI. It's one of my favorite services you guys have ever released. I find myself using it a lot. Not that I don't want to be just freeloading off of you, but I've been getting away with just, because it's normally like, oh, I just have this quick question. I want to put it through a more advanced AI model. But I just don't want it tied to a personal account. and I want it to be somewhat anonymized, so I just use DuckAI, and it's been great for that. But because you guys do a really good job with this, where when I'm logged in, I can keep creating chats, and you save all that chat history locally. I think now you can sync that chat history through an account if you have an account. I don't. So it's just all in each browser, and each browser has its own history for me, which is actually a pretty cool workflow. My question, though, is there a persistent, because you mentioned that it's anonymized every time you open it, is there any kind of persistent identifier between chats? So let's say I'm going to use Sonnet from Claude, Claude Sonnet, in one chat, and I ask, hey, look at this video script for me. Can you fact check it before I publish this video? And then I open a new chat and I say, hey, I'm working on a personal video that has nothing. But will it be able to know that these are the two same people if it's two different chats? On the model provider side, you're asking? Yes, will Claude know that these two chats came from the same person, or is it designed where both are just coming from DuckDuckGo user? I think the last, I'm going to be honest with you, I don't work on this stuff, so I don't want to say definitively one way or another. I can certainly check with a colleague. I think it's the latter, though, that there is not a persistent identifier on the model provider side. And that's to my point earlier about stripping out PII in the metadata, inclusive of IP address and that sort of thing. And so I think we're looking at ways of sort of enabling some persistence of that coming via the client. But yeah, I'm not familiar with all the details on what we're currently doing there, to be honest with you. Cool. And then, you know, just to zoom out and we can start rounding things out here. I did want to ask, you know, an interesting question because you guys are developing this ecosystem. It seems quite intentional. You're picking strategically services that you know people, almost everyone is using at this point. And if they're not using it, There's a very intentional reason why you chose to include it, and it still integrates with your other tools. But what do you feel like today your ecosystem doesn't cover? Is there something you guys are looking at that is part of a very concerning trend in the privacy space that you guys don't have a solution for yet and that you think needs to exist? To your point, I think, you know, when we started expanding beyond search and then browsers, we very much took a pretty wide lens on, all right, what are all the privacy threats that exist in these different spaces? And that included everything from social media to your phone and your ISP to you name it. And so we looked across all of these. We tried to develop a good understanding of each of those threat models and the market overall. And we basically ultimately had a rubric where we kind of narrowed in to say, okay, we think these are the spaces that make the most sense for us to go into based on our capabilities, whether or not there's an actual market for it and demand out there, and what the competition looked like and that sort of thing. We obviously don't want to go – if there's great providers offering a solution in a certain space, we don't want to go in there unnecessarily and try to compete unless there's a reason that it needs more privacy in that space. So there's a lot of the different verticals here that have some concerning elements to them. But I would say the ones we've picked, which is search, browser, AI, are for us the most compelling for a few reasons, including that it has the widest ability for us to influence the standard of trust online, which is sort of the overall vision for DuckDuckGo. Because this is how people are getting online. This is where they're spending their time via browser, via search, via more recently AI. That doesn't mean we won't look at some of the other ones in the future. But to your earlier question, there's a chat space in terms of instant messaging. But of course, there's products like Signal that exist there. We've looked at some of these spaces. ISPs tend to collect a good amount of information from people. Credit card services and credit cards overall tend to data mine quite a bit. We have looked at these and there are concerning trends in a lot of these spaces. But, yeah, we either feel that there are decent solutions or it would be too difficult of a problem for us to solve in a tractable way in a meaningful time frame in some of these spaces. And so the ones we've picked are hopefully the best mix of those that give people the most benefit. Nice. And is there anything that we're able to share publicly about things that people can expect in the future? Yeah. So, I mean, I think I mentioned a couple of things earlier, but like from our browser standpoint, you'll see our browsers gain capabilities and be capable of being your everyday browser for most people overall. And we keep iterating on those. So that's something to look forward to. On the DuckAI side, everyone's sort of figuring out these use cases and what the utility is and what's emerging. But certainly you'll see us start to introduce things between image generation and other things like that as part of the DuckAI that we offer. You'll see in our browsers the ability to introduce much more context, not just like the tab you're on and ask questions to AI about that, but introduce multi-tab sort of context, be able to ask things across those tabs. And we're trying to be very thoughtful on how we do this to not just needlessly introduce security or privacy issues. So we're being quite cautious about it. But yeah, you'll see all kinds of capabilities expand there over the coming months for people, which is great. Nice. Well, I want to thank you for your time, Peter. And if people enjoy this interview, they want to learn more or they want to get involved with you or DuckDuckGo, where would you kind of send them to connect? Yeah, it's been great sharing with you as well, Henry. First of all, I really appreciate it. If they want to connect with me, you can probably do so in a couple of ways. Like, you know, I'm available on LinkedIn. You can find me on, I don't really use x.com that much, but I'm there if you want to message me. You know, I still use it to follow some professional threads and interesting stuff in the privacy space once in a while. There, you can find me there. Yeah, otherwise, you can give me an email if you want, peter at duck.com. Makes it easy for you. Well, thank you, Peter. And I hope that people learned something cool today. Thank you, Henry. Appreciate it. There you have it. I hope that you learned something new or many things new about DuckDuckGo. I know I did. And it was wonderful to talk to a team member behind the company. Duck.ai is definitely a big talking point and something that I want to do more follow up on in the future. So if you have any more questions or requests, please let us know in the comments or using our feedback link on our website. Otherwise, I just want to thank you all for being here and learning something new about how to keep yourself safe and the people around you safe along the way. Finally, if you like this kind of content and you want to contribute to it, you can become a Techlorian down in the show notes. You get access to our private signal group. You get to support what we're doing. You get credits in our videos and on our website, depending on which tier that you're on. And we have many other perks lined up for you to try to at least do something as a thank you for you supporting us. Thank you all for listening, and I'll see you next time on Techlore Talks.

  Top Comments:
  1. @DarkKielx [13 likes]: But Duck Duck uses Bing....
  2. @krasky [7 likes]: Why should I trust them? 

1) they censored search results 
2) they use Bing
3) they are US based

I prefer Qwant
  3. @Mieralunar-Studio [5 likes]: This is great! Love the interview. Learned a ton.
And I've been recommending DDG features all over the place on my page. :D

I've got a tech page on facebook (yes… I know) aimed at helping less tech savy people. Very low thresshold.
The goal is for them to become more comfortable with it, and regaining some control. Including how to protect their privacy, if they so choose. :)
  4. @realjohngalt [2 likes]: browser is not open source and not even a binary for linux
  5. @SKYNET_by_Cyberdyne [2 likes]: Everything on the internet is trying to get your data and id and use it for profit.
SKYNET would never do that. SKYNET wont use your data for profit, only total global control  :)
  6. @Foxerski [2 likes]: Great video
  7. @ZeRO-zx9zy [1 likes]: But what about the FISA Act, can privacy be assured regarding that?
  8. @2131560 [1 likes]: what's up with this guy's beard or rather lack of how can anyone take this guy seriously with facial hair that looks like that
  9. @aa-xn5hc [1 likes]: Great interview
  10. @MohamedYahiaWasHere [1 likes]: I gave up and went to use google again it is not easy to leave it
  11. @2sik4realityTv83: Its ridiculous how much Google has normalized people having no privacy
  12. @VoltfaceRevision: The internet's dead, they're shoving ai that nobody wants into everything. I'm done. I'm done with Google and duck duck Go and bing an all of it. fuck the digital world I'm going back to analog
  13. @CedricMason-ith: DDG is trash - compromised by politics.
  14. @asan1050: Thank you very much!....
  15. @tectract: DuckDuckGo pushes the same censored fake news as Google. They are radical leftist activists, not a real tech company.
  16. @JaredBrewerAerospace: "Pick a chat model

All models are anonymously provided by DuckDuckGo"

Just copy/pasted this from my browser
  17. @rjjeffreys: My major concern with DuckDuck Go is its Search results rely heavily on Microsoft's Bing index and related data sources. Your search query is generally anonymized; but you're still depending on Microsoft's search infrastructure behind the scenes.
  18. @zaphodbeeblebrox1st30: Cops can and should check a license when someone is pulled over. They don't need a warrant. On the same token, they don't need a warrant to check immigration status. The grey area is if they can enter a home where a known (white collar) criminal is. The tracking data is used to see where they are, because some states refuse to help them catch people they know committed a (white collar) crime.

This isn't the same as tracking everyone at a public protest, and trying to figure out from that data if they're here legally.

I'm not arguing in favor of dragnet tracking. I'm very pro-privacy. However, we all accept that if one it's strongly suspected of criminality, they can be incarcerated before trial. This is how they have to do so in some places that don't cooperate and hand people who commit a violent crime over to that frozen water agency right in the jail. They go home and frozen water has to find them somehow as they're known to have broken a law.

Sorry just my $0.02. Personally, I'm for letting them stay as long as 1) don't commit ANY violent crime (jwalking is whatever), 2) pay taxes, 3) just like Canada, limited welfare for X years, 4) a unified language is necessary, and should be ATTEMPTED. But if we can't do that, then what I said above.
  19. @monketastic: The only reason i stopped using ddg was cause the browser was allowing microsoft trackers to run while blocking others due to their agreement or whatever, but that just broke the trust. I eventually started using brave search cause there wasn't a better option at that time, despite my difference with brave as a company.

On my android device i use rethink dns, i mostly use DoH  (quad9 or libredns) or sometimes ODoH (cloudlflare, or the other mentioned options). I also installed 10 blocklists in rethink dns, and it also allows you tto allow or disallow specific ip addresses/domain :)
  20. @NomadicDmitry: I am using DDG for the past 5 years or so, but I am thinking of moving away from it, since the trust is lost as well.

But at least I don't need to login there

- Is Advantage+ Audience RUINING Your Facebook Ads in 2026?: Kind: captions Language: en Should you turn off Advantage Plus audiences in your Facebook ads? Well, I just spent $2,500 testing this and I'm going to share with you guys exactly what I found so we can answer this question once and for all. And the results might surprise you. So, let's just jump in and talk about it. All right, so we are here in my ad account and I'm going to share with you guys how I set this up. But from a highle overview, I set up one campaign or two separate campaigns. Okay, campaign number one which has an advantage plus audience in it. And then I have campaign number two which is just a broad campaign. Now for all the ads that I run I typically just stay with broad. It reduces the amount of complexity in the ad account. So again one is just broad with that has tight age ranges. One of them is a vantage plus that's also broad. Okay. Now inside of this I kept the same exact ad inside. Okay. So I made no different changes. Same exact copy, same exact image. It's just an image ad. Okay. Nothing different. The only difference was how I set up the adsets. So before I give you guys the results, let's just talk about what Advantage Plus audiences is, okay? And when this was released, this was released about a year and a half, two years ago, and it was uh one of Meta's ways to, hey, we're going to start to go further than the audience you give us, and we're going to use our artificial intelligence to find the right people for your ads. Okay, so this happened, and then, you know, six months later, Andromeda happened. And the big message with Andromeda is the creative does the targeting. My question was okay well if the creative does the targeting does the adset advantage plus audience matter or not? Like does this also help with the algorithm? That was my initial question I had because a lot of people in 2025 were saying hey just do broad don't do advantage plus. Then in 2026 everybody is saying leave advantage plus on and just send the best pixel data back. So, it left me thinking, well, what's the best way to do it? So, I went ahead and made this test and I'm going to give you guys the results that I got after just testing this with 2500 bucks, right? Ready? So, let's jump in. Okay, so coming back to this here again, I have two different campaigns, one ad set in each campaign. And let me show you how I set this test up before I I go through the results. So, this one with Advantage Plus on, I did put value rules on this. And the reason I used value rules was because this will allow this to be a fair test. If I didn't and I had set age parameters that are very strict in the broad campaign, typically I advertise to 25 to 45 year olds. That's like my ideal avatar. So that is what the broad campaign is set up as. So we can kind of scroll down and I'll I'll do that one first. But you'll see advantage plus audience over here is turned off. To get to this settings, there's typically a button here on the advantage plus that will say click here to further limit the reach of your ads. So, I clicked on that, which used to say, do you want to use the original audience settings? Now, they've used the verbiage of this is going to limit your performance of your ads. And I went in here, all right, for the broad campaign, and I set a strict age parameter. I turned off use as a suggestion, okay? Because if you don't, like if I just turn this thing on here, advantage plus is on. Okay? So, if you didn't know that, just turn this off and that's what's going to turn off advantage plus in your campaigns. Okay? And then in the other one, because I didn't have that, I didn't want to suggest an audience. That's silly. But you can set more direction of like spending with the value rules. So I came over here in the value rules and I set a value rule. So what this does is this will decrease my bid because Facebook is a bidding auction platform. It'll decrease the bid how much it'll I'm willing to pay for anybody outside of the age range of 25 to 45. Right? So, if they're 18 to 24 or they are 45 and above, I'm going to decrease the bid by 90%. I'm 90% less likely. Do not put put my money in front of these people unless you are 100% sure they're going to convert. Okay, so that's how I set these two adsets up. Now, let's look at the results. Okay, so we spent $1,284 about $1,285 on the advantage plus and then with the broad campaign I spent $1,280. All right, and now drum roll results. They're pretty much the same. Okay, there is pretty much no significant difference between these two. Okay, and this was actually surprising to me. I thought the advantage plus audience with value rules would outperform the broad campaign, but for the event that I'm optimizing for, there was no significant change. Okay, look at the difference. There was one person that converted more uh on the broad campaign. Now, let's kind of keep going into the more of the data to see was there anything else that was affected. CPMs, this is how much it costs you to put this ad in front of a thousand people. It was about the same. Okay, a little bit more expensive for broad and a little less expensive for Advantage Plus. But looking at this, this is not significantly different. Okay, the cost to be put in front of a thousand accounts, this could be shown to more people, etc. or the same person over and over again. And this is like unique people. It's pretty much the same. Okay, so all these numbers look the same. The frequency was a little bit higher on Advantage Plus than broad. And that's because it did do a little bit more retargeting. I mean, not a ton. If we want to walk go through the breakdowns, I set this campaign up as a sales campaign even though it's a lead campaign because it would allow me to see how much money was spent between engaged users, existing customers, and new audiences. This is set by me. And you can, if you are an advertiser, you can set that in the advertising settings. And engaged audience is anybody that's been to my website in the last I think it's 180 to 365 days. I'm not sure, but the last 6 to 12 months have they been to my website? And you can see Advantage Plus did have a little bit more spending there, right? about $25 more, which people have been saying, "Oh, yeah, you're going to get a lot of retargeting with Advantage Plus audiences." Well, looking at this now, regardless of what you do, you're going to get a decent amount of retargeting. About a third of my budget on both of these campaigns went to retargeting. Okay? So, even if you go broad, you're going to get retargeting. How I set this up, this might be a little advanced, but for those who are into the weeds like me, I have the first click Cappy imports is passed back into the ad account. So, I'm optimizing these ads based off of new leads, not like who who click on the ad the first time and uh become a lead. So, this is optimized for new leads, but again, it's still going to be getting in front of engaged audience, which is uh people who are already existing in my network. Okay, so let's keep coming down the results. Click rate was a little bit higher on broad, but again, not significantly different. Maybe 25 cent different cost per click, but nothing super significant. Okay, so right out the gate, I'm gonna just, you know, say this. I don't think it matters. I think if you use Advantage Plus with value rules or you go broad, I don't think it matters. I think post Andromeda, the thing that does the targeting is the creative. And we can see that just by this campaign structure here, right? We are limited. You could say, "Hey Matt, well, what if I put a lookalike audience in one of these and had a very tight age range and I did a lookalike with Vantage Plus?" I imagine that the Advantage Plus would win because it's going to go well beyond that. And Facebook is encouraging us to spend money on a broader audiences. So for me, I always use broad campaigns in my ad account and the clients I work with unless we're doing DM ads or you know follower ads. I I will often experiment with lookike audiences, interest sacks, etc. because quality matters there and we can't yet uh say yet optimize for qualified leads or qualified DMs. I may have found a way to use copy imports with DMs. We'll see. We'll see. So, but uh we'll wait on that. Okay. So, first glance, it doesn't matter. Make better ads. Now, second thing I want to show, we're going to go in a little bit more advanced data. So, if that's all you need to hear, cool. You can you can stop watching the video. If you guys want to go into some more nitty-gritty weeds with me, let's keep going. So, this event that I optimize for here is for complete registration. And this means qualified leads. So, anybody who's coming in through this funnel, they go to my website and they have to answer a question before they opt in. Are you making at least 5K per month? So, you're not a beginner. Well, you're still beginner 5K a month, but you know, you're not like, I don't have any clients. And then, can you invest at least a thousand bucks a month? And if they say yes to that, that's what fires this qualified events. Okay, so that means we still have some people who opted in who were not a qualified lead. So, let's just look at that. Okay, and I use Hyro as my plugin for ad data. So, I'm going to go ahead and make this bigger. So, in total, so hopefully you guys can see my 71 column over here. So, again, these are the qualified leads. There was 71 qualified that came from advantage plus 72 from broad. Total number of leads was 147. So about half of them were qualified. It's pretty good. And then from the broad about 159 came in. So we got more leads and actually were lower quality relative to the percentage that came in. And then uh this is new leads. So this is the first time they ever entered their information into the system. Again I optimize for this. The results column over here again is for qualified leads and it's firstclick attribution. That means that this is the first ad that they clicked that got them into the ecosystem. That's what I'm optimizing my ads for. Okay. So, we got more leads essentially from the broad campaign, but the quality uh technically was worse if we look at the percentage, but again, it's so significantly not different uh at all. Like it it to me I'm still going to go broad. Now, you also see in here, you'll be like, "Well, Matt, it looks like you got some calls booked too with the Advantage Plus or with Abroad. More than Advantage Plus." Yeah, sure. I got four calls booked. This event, this is for a free miniourse. Most of the people will not book within the first seven to 14 days. They'll often book about two to three months after some being 6 months plus. So, this campaign or this funnel is a very long-term nurture funnel. It's not meant to get calls. I mean, if we get calls, great, but it's not designed for that on the front end. So, we did get four calls that came from the broad audience, and only one of those was quality. With the Advantage Plus, it had one call, zero qualified calls. And again, you might like, well, Matt, that's got four more calls. Why wouldn't we just optimize for this? I wouldn't do this. Like, it's just going to make it so much harder for you. Again, it doesn't matter if it's broad or advantage plus. But whatever event you want, that's what you should optimize the ads for. So, for me, I wanted for this one, for this test, complete registration. So, I wanted qualified leads. If I had changed this for, hey, I want booked calls. The numbers may look a little different. But again, what I'm I'm trying to get across is I don't want you to think, oh, this got more calls, this must be better. It got more leads. It must be better. No, that's not necessarily the case. It's not significant. And then two, the event that I'm optimizing for is for qualified leads. Okay, so really cool uh data. I I was really excited to test this. And you know what I would like to know is if you guys want any other me to test any more things, let me know. Okay, like you can drop this in the comments below. Like, dude, this was super cool. Like, you spent $2,500 to test this. You know what else would be really cool to test is this. Like, let me know cuz this was a really fun video for me to create cuz I got to learn from it, too. All right, but end of the day, if you guys watch this, the question is, will Advantage Plus ruin my ad accounts? The answer is no. Okay, the biggest thing that you can do right now post Andromeda in this age is optimize for the right events and make ads that call out your ideal avatar. your ads today. Do the targeting. Okay? And that's shown just by Advantage Plus verse broad. All right? So, that's all I got for today, guys. Hope you guys enjoy this. If you like videos like this, smash the subscribe button for more videos and we'll talk soon.

  Top Comments:
  1. @zeeshanzeeshan1149 [1 likes]: very educational.thanks. what would you say if it comes to a new pixel? still go with ADV?
  2. @TaylorWhittier-k7f [1 likes]: Can you also do advantage plus creative and advantage plus placements
  3. @thefreedomethod [1 likes]: Did retargetting changed? no longer works to do 120 day engagement,...
  4. @bethanamuneeswar7057 [1 likes]: You are the person really good in showing the actual real world stuffs in advertising
  5. @hanee012 [1 likes]: Hi Matt,
Thanks so much for sharing your insights—I just subscribed to your channel.
Quick question: did you compare results by age group, and were both campaigns spending roughly the same amount across those segments?
I run an online clothing store and use UGC from women in their 20s. When I turn on Advantage+ targeting, Meta ends up delivering more impressions to the 55–65+ age group instead of my core audience (ages 22–45). 
While the styles aren’t really designed for that demographic, they are converting, which makes me wonder whether my situation should be handled differently than yours.
  6. @LifeHacker8 [1 likes]: Why value rules? Why not in pure ADV+ let creatives decide the right ages. After all that’s the whole point if ADV+ as per Meta 😅
  7. @jagnole26 [1 likes]: I turn them off on all my lead gen campaigns. Too many times I get junk leads and the feedback loop makes it spiral out of control.
  8. @polak3015: But you didn't do a straight up comparison because you changed how much you're willing to spend on certain audiences. A proper test would have been leaving it in its default state.
  9. @denisthetuna: What about the age frame the ad was shown to ? also same? the both ads was shown to the age you want or they are different ?
  10. @ok373737: You did the best possible A/B test with your budget. BUT 71/72 conversions per variant is not enough. 
We'll need probably a few thousands of conversion per variants to reach statistical significance .
  11. @pedrosoares7139: That was VERY helpful. Thanks!
  12. @chrismurrrrphy: Great Value as always here Matt!
  13. @lena_ai21: For anyone interested in creating promotional videos for their products using artificial intelligence, I'll guide you to a platform that produces any video, in any style and language you want, in just two minutes. The link is in my bio
  14. @Insightful_Pipe_MCP_Connectors: Legend
  15. @nguyenngockhanh43: Great video. This was awesome. Thank you Dr. Matt:face-red-heart-shape:
  16. @MC1-z9j: Hey, Matt. Thanks for doing the experiment and video. I'm running a CBO for purchase conversions (clothing brand) and haven't been able to turn off Adv+ Audience since some time last year. When I click off "use as a suggestion" Adv+ On is still in the corner - any ideas? Do you think it matters for this type of campaign? Thanks!
  17. @GuaranteedPPC: Advantage+ works particularly well in 1) Large niches 2) Where you have a good strong set of traffic going to your site already that converts from what we have found at our firm.
  18. @teachloop-in: Hi matt awsome video as always, i had an issue is that i have a qualification form on the LP before making a lead to book the call, but the leads fill it incorrectly, they get technically qualified, and Pixles fires and it becomes a vicious cycle of junk leads. any soluiton?
  19. @kapilvirani: I know you use GHL to send data back to Facebook using CAPI. What do when you're using a different LMS like Kajabi?
  20. @newtrendcomputernetworksllc: Great video — insightful and engaging. Really appreciated the value shared here. Thanks for posting content that teaches and inspires

- How To Lower Meta Ad Costs In 2026 (Step By Step): Kind: captions Language: en all right so your Facebook ads are getting expensive the cpms are going through the roof and you're like man this is not profitable like what is going on if that sounds like you I literally made this video exactly for you so you are in the right place I'm going to break down the main reasons why your cpms go high like your Facebook ads get expensive and I'm going to tell you some solutions to get around it and I'm going to give you guys a simple powerful trick that I just Ed on one of my clients my and golden and it reduced his ad cost by 5x this one trick Okay so make sure you stay to the end you don't want to miss that one if you got questions drop them in the comments below and let's get right into it we rich from anywhere baby so one of the clients that we have that we run ads for is a guy named myON golden if you don't know who myON is go check him out he's the goat he teaches business from a Biblical standpoint and it's really fascinating but he's one of our coaches and he's changed our lives in more ways than I can count in this one video but the cool thing is he's also our client so we actually run all of Myron's Facebook Instagram ads and we've been doing so now for about 9 or 10 months at the time of recording this video right and so we ran ads for his offer Mastery live event where we got him a 7x return on his ad Spin and helped him pack out a live event in Tampa but we've also been running all the ads for his make more offers challenge for the past nine months and he's been getting incredible results but recently out of nowhere his ad cost just went through the roof and his cpms went through the roof and basically it everything got really expensive out of out of nowhere so cpms is a metric inside of Facebook that basically it stands for cost per thousand impression but what that really means in plain English is it means how much money is it is it costing me for this ad to get a th000 views so if I break it down basically if your cpms are $50 well that means it's costing you $50 to get 1,000 views well if your cpms are $100 now it's cting you $100 to get that same 1,000 views so obviously as you can tell you want to keep cpms as low as possible so that means that you're getting the most bang for your buck as you can with Facebook we were running Facebook ads for myON and his cpms were always kind of in between that $30 and $40 CPM range which is very normal in today's age but one day it shot up to 150 so now what we were paying 30 bucks for we're now paying five times as much to get the same amount of views so we were like pump the brakes we had to figure out what was going on and I'm going to show you guys what I did here in a second this one little trick that I did literally decreased his cpms from 148 or 150 or something like that down to 30 like literally the next day all right so what are some of the reasons why cpms might be high here are some of the most common reasons why your cpms will go through the roof and how to fix each one of them right the first reason why your cpms might be going high is because your targeting is very competitive okay so remember when you're using Facebook ads you are competing competing against a lot of other advertisers who are also trying to Target the same audience as you so if there's a lot of people trying to Target the audience that you're trying to Target it's like real estate right when it's like high traffic real estate goes up in price so when you have a lot of competition basically it causes everyone's cpms to go up and everyone has to pay more to reach those same people okay so one thing that you can do is go in and actually switch out your targeting and try to switch up um and and Target different audiences and see if that brings your cpms down the second reason why a lot of people experience high cpms is because they have bad creatives and when I say creatives that means like the video or the image or the primary text that you're using if it's not resonating with your audience and people are just scrolling right past it well then Facebook's going to notice that and it's going to punish you by having high cpms it's going to jack up your ad cost right so if you are seeing really high cpms what you could do is look at your click-through rate and see if your clickthrough rates are really low and um and if they are then try to switch out your creatives and see if that helps with your CPM problem the third reason why I see cpms go through the roof all the time is when people Target very specific niches okay if you're targeting a very affluent audience or a very segmented audience out of Facebook then you can um experience really really high cpms right so if you are targeting a very affluent or or high net worth audience and you're seeing really high cpms I want you to take a step back first before you start judging the campaign um and judging the performance of your Facebook ad just off of the cpms you need to take a step back and look at how is this whole campaign performing in general like are people going through my funnel am I getting sales is it making sense overall because if it is then don't even worry about your cpms right but if if everything's not working then maybe cpms might be something that you you know want to pay attention to but just to let you know if you start segmenting your like your audience and you start really the niching down who you're speaking to like a lot of times that can increase your CPM so if you really do want to bring your cpms down then you also could kind of broaden up your your messaging a little bit right but again only do that if what you're doing is not working and the fourth reason why your cpms might go through the roof sometimes is what we call AD fatigue so this right here is for somebody who has been running let's just say you've been running the same ad for like five months six months a year right and that one ad has been crushing it for you forever and then all of a sudden the cpms go through the roof and everything just breaks and it's like what just happened that's exactly what happened with our client my and golden because we understand ads so good we set them up the right way the first time and like it was like the same ads that were just crushing for months and months and months but then all of a sudden the cpms went crazy and it went really wonky so here's what most people do they're like okay well let me try to you know just stop the campaign duplicate it and let me try that or some people will might you know create a new ad account and try to recreate the ad inside of there or maybe sometimes create a new pixel so maybe the pixel is the problem right but before you do any of that here's what I want you to test out taking the same exact video that you were using downloading it to your computer and literally just make a small adjustment to that video and re-upload it this is a major hack and and the reason why is because I want you to think about all the the creatives that you that you put inside of Facebook the videos when you upload them Facebook assigns a post ID to that video which is kind of like a social security number for that video right it has a very specific post ID so if you're running ads to that post ID month after month after month after month well then sometimes Facebook's like okay you've been running this one out like you're wearing it out right and you start to get ad fatigue which basically means like your ads will start you know acting wonky and they won't work as well anymore but you're like but yeah but that video has been doing so good I don't want to break it I don't want to fix what's not broken right so what you do is like I said earlier you take that video you can literally go to the end of the clip and just take off like a half a second and re-upload that video back into Facebook as a new video now when you do that what happens is it Facebook now assigns a new post ID to that video it's the same exact video but to Facebook it's a brand new video and so when when you do that you relaunch the ads and this is what happened when we did this for myin so as you can see right here March 20th through March 22nd you can see cpms were $148 almost $149 for this campaign which is very abnormal so I stopped the ads did exactly what I told you to just do a second ago and I relaunched them literally like two or three days later and look at what happened to the cpms $34 that's almost a 5X decrease in cost by literally just taking the video downloading it taking a clip out and then re-uploading it as a new video and it almost like it resets the whole entire ad and and by the way this was the same exact video I didn't do anything different to the video at all okay so this is a major hack I hope you guys are like really paying attention to this this is for people who are business owners who are looking to scale right because as you start to scale you really start to deal with like high CPM and you start to deal with like Rising ad costs and stuff like this so for all my business owners who are scaling you're spending 100K a month 200k 500k a month this right here is going to be a Savor for you so those are a couple different reasons why cpms might go high and how you can fix them but here's the thing cpms are not the most important metric that you really need to pay attention to in Facebook because we know a lot of people who get actually relatively low cpms $30 $40 but their ads are still not working so if that is the case for you you need to switch your focus to somewhere else because it's not Facebook okay it's something to do with your business in general okay and inside of our mentorship program we teach four elements these four elements are literally the building blocks of a profitable online business and if you dial in these four elements it's virtually impossible for you to not make money online okay so these four elements I'll and we break them down into detail inside of our coaching program but I want to give you guys like the overview so you guys understand what it is okay the first element is creative the creative is the video or the image or the primary text that you're actually using on side of inside of Facebook you have to be extremely good at creating um you know ad creatives that are compelling that are captivating that stop people in their tracks okay and if you can't do that then Facebook is going to punish you with very very high ad costs and your ads are not going to be profitable okay so you have to get really good at creating creatives that stop people like in their tracks and say whoa what is this I have to see this that's the first element the the second element is the offer your offer cannot be some watered down mediocre version of everything else that that's online right now right it's got to be mind-blowing it's got to be like stop people in their tracks like what like they got to feel stupid to not take your offer that's another thing that you have to have dialed in and if you don't have an offer that's mouthwatering then even if people see your video they're not going to want to click on the link because what you're promoting is not even that compelling in the first place so that's the second element the third element is what we call the destination so the destination is going to be the website or the landing page or the funnel or wherever you're taking people to your destination has to be optimized based off of psychology and Behavioral Science it has to be based off of like psychological triggers that are in people's minds and if you don't know how people's minds work and why people say yes or why people say no then you're going to have a very very hard time converting people online even if you have amazing creatives even if you have amazing offers well if they click the link and then they go to a garbage funnel then they're just going to bounce off the page and you're going to waste your all your money and then the fourth element is your systems or your software you have to make sure that you have streamlined systems and software that is helping you you know do things efficiently on the back end sending them emails automatic text messages automatic igdm comment automation like there's so many different types of systems and stuff that we help people set up but you have to make sure that that stuff is done because what's going to happen if is if your systems and your softwares are trash then okay you got great creatives you got a great offer and you got a great com uh High converting landing page but then when people come into your system everything's clunky they're not getting their emails on time or whatever the case might be then people are going to charge back and they're going to want all their money back and then again your whole entire ad campaign is not going to work so if you want want to go deep into all this stuff this is literally what we talk about every single week inside of our mentorship program so if you want to join our program and stop doing things by yourself and stop trying to figure it out the hard way you can hop on a call with us and we can see if we have something for you also if you are a high Lev business owner and you're not really looking to learn anything but you're looking for some stuff just set up for you all your funnels and all your automations just done set up into to end we also have those Services as well so click below and we probably have something that can help you okay I hope this video has been helpful for you if you have any questions drop them in the comments below hit the like button share subscribe all that YouTube stuff and we will see y'all in the next video

  Top Comments:
  1. @Janellefabian_ [2 likes]: Question: Isnt it bad to go back to your creative ad and edit the video then republishing.
  2. @FanGirlFootball [2 likes]: I need you to define what "really high" is for CPMs
  3. @MiguelDantasC [2 likes]: it needs to have more views
  4. @officialmrakachukwu [2 likes]: This should have more views man.
Thanks Man
  5. @youtube_blows [1 likes]: I've heard this "your target is too narrow" idea many times now. Not sure how this is a thing. Typically, I know my product will not sell to 60 and 70 yr olds. Simply advertising to them to get your CPM down only looks good on paper, not for actual sales/conversions
  6. @videoportfolio5957 [1 likes]: Great video 👍 Thanks for sharing
  7. @Frequently1 [1 likes]: I’m really struggling to solve this. My CPM has been $150-$200 I’ve tested new creatives, cleaning up landing page, and new audiences.

I mainly target just a single gender in the USA with large interest audiences. 20+ Million in each audience.
  8. @willibrodn [1 likes]: Excellent explanation 🙏

- The Secret Meta Ads Framework that Scales to $10,000/Month in 2026: Kind: captions Language: en One of the most common questions that I hear from service-based businesses running meta ads is this. Are my ads the problem or is my business the problem? And that question usually comes after frustration. You're spending money, you're getting clicks, you're getting leads, but your results feel inconsistent. Some weeks are good, some weeks are terrible, and nothing feels predictable. So naturally, your brain goes straight into meta. Maybe the algorithm changed, maybe the targeting broke, maybe something is broken. my ads, they just burnt out. I need new creatives. But here's the hard truth. Most of the time, meta ads are not the problem. They're just the thing that's exposing the problem. And in this video, I want to give you a simple way to tell the difference whether meta ads are actually failing or whether your business systems are what's holding you back. This even goes into maybe hiring an agency. They're getting you leads, but the agency sucks. yet they swear that another one of their clients in the exact same space is crushing it. Even if they're running the same ads on the same platform and your business isn't converting, that is only leading into one direction. And that's exactly what we're going to be exposing in this video. If you actually are running your ads effectively and your business is holding it back or if your ads are actually what is truly holding you back. If you're new to this channel, my name is Christian Jamal and I've spent well over hund00 million on paid ads. And on this channel, I make videos strictly for service-based businesses that are scaling with paid ads. My goal is simple. I want all of you to have ads that absolutely print. So, let's dive in. The first thing you need to understand is this. Meta ads, they don't fix businesses. They don't save bad systems. They don't fix your CRM. They don't change your automations. They don't create clarity when none exists. They amplify whatever is already there. Think about it like this. Meta ads is like a volume knob. They don't change the song. They just make it louder. If the song sounds good quietly, it's going to sound great when it's loud. If the song sounds bad when it's quiet, turning it up, it's just going to make the problems impossible to ignore. Most people don't realize this until they start scaling. At low spends, everything feels manageable. You respond quickly. You remember to follow up. You can fix issues personally. The system works because you're holding it together yourself. Then you turn your ads up and suddenly everything feels messy. Leads don't get contacted fast. Your follow-ups slip, your conversion rate drops, and your results flatten. Or maybe they even just become extremely worse. But Meta Ads didn't change a thing. Your business was simply tested under pressure. And here's a simple diagnostic. If you turn meta ads off today and your business still struggles, the problem is not meta. If you turn meta ads on and everything breaks, the problem is also not meta. Meta only sends demand. Your business decides what happens next. Most people assume that ads are supposed to create order. They don't. They create volume. And volume exposes your weaknesses. They expose your reality. Now, let's walk through how to tell the difference clearly. The first question you need to ask is about speed. How fast are leads being contacted consistently? Not on a good day, not when everyone is paying attention. every single time. If leads are not contacted quickly, meta ads are always going to look worse over time because speed is the most fragile part of the system. Think about it like ordering food. When you're hungry, timing matters. Food arrives hot and fast, you're happy. If it arrives cold an hour later, same exact meal. It just feels terrible. The food didn't change, the timing did. Leads work the same exact way. And I know I've mentioned this in previous videos, but it is that important. A lead is connected one minute, feels like high quality. That same exact lead contacted an hour later feels cold, distracted, skeptical. So when people say lead quality dropped, what usually dropped is response time. Meta didn't break. Your speed did. The second question you need to ask is about follow-up. What actually happens after the first contact attempt. Your follow-up is an experience. Most businesses think follow-up means call them once or twice. That's not follow-up. That's hoping someone actually picks up the phone. Real follow-up is boring. It's consistent. It's systemized. you have calls, texts, emails in a specific order over time. So, if your follow-up relies on memory or motivation, scaling is going to be impossible. At low volume, people remember things to do. At high volume, things slip. You skip steps, things like that. Meta ads eventually get blanked. But again, meta didn't change. The system did. Now, the third question, and this one is big. Is the offer insanely understandable? When someone clicks your ad and raises their hand, do they clearly understand what it is that you do, who is this for, and what happens next? Or does everything depend on a long sales conversation? Confusion kills scale. At low volume, sales teams explain things patiently, they have time. At higher volume, that explanation becomes rushed, inconsistent, sloppy. Leads get confused. Trust drops. Conversations suffer. Meta didn't stop working. your clarity stopped being scalable. Here's where most people get this wrong. They look at the ads manager first. They see a higher CPL, lower conversion rates, weaker performance, and they assume ads are the issue. But the ads manager only shows symptoms. It doesn't show your back-end friction. It doesn't show you how your leads are aging. It doesn't follow up. It doesn't show that your sales team might be overwhelmed. So when people optimize the wrong thing, they change the creative. They swap audiences. They duplicate campaigns or adsets. All they're doing is sending more traffic into the same old broken system. And we've talked about this a million times. So now let's simplify it. If meta ads were truly the problem, you would see failure at every single level. No clicks, no engagement, no interest, no leads. But most businesses, they still get clicks. They still get leads. They still get people inquiring on their services. What breaks is what happens after. That tells you everything you need to know. Think about meta ads like a stress test. When you're healthy, stress reveals strength. When you're weak, stress reveals problems. Meta doesn't invent these problems. It just speeds up the timeline. This is why two businesses can run the same ad in the same market on the same exact platform with the same budget and one can scale while the other one bleeds. The businesses with fast response times, clean follow-up, and clear offers, they look amazing on Meta because it makes the business feel easy. The businesses without those things, they look broken. Meta is not inconsistent. Businesses are. And here's another way to tell. If performance improves when you manually intervene, you call the leads yourself. You're personally fixing things. That's not an ad issue. That's a system issue. Ads shouldn't require heroics. As a business owner, your job is to grow the business. They should work like a plug-in machine without panic. When performance only works when you babysit everything, meta isn't failing. Your business is simply underdeveloped. Another sign that the problem isn't meta is that volatility is tied to volume. At low spends, things work. At higher spends, things fall apart. That tells you your ceiling isn't advertising, it's capacity. Whether it's your sales team or your appointment setting team, doesn't matter. When you're scaling ads, you get demand instantly. Meta just reveals it faster than organic growth ever would because you get to control that. Now, here's the mindset shift that changes everything. Stop asking, "How do I fix my meta ad?" Stop asking, "What is the next secret targeting?" What you should ask is, "What is Meta showing me about my business that needs to be fixed?" So, when your booking rates drop, ask, "Did my follow-up slip?" When sales complains, ask did volume exceed your capacity? Every dip in performance is feedback, not punishment. The businesses that win long-term treat meta ads like a diagnostic tool. They listen instead of reacting. They fix their systems instead of chasing the next thing. They don't argue with the platform. They learn from it. This is why copying other people's ads rarely works. Without the same back end, the same ad, you get different results. Meta ads, they don't reward cleverness. They reward readiness. Once you understand this, your frustration disappears. You stop taking performance personally. You stop blaming the algorithm. You stop chasing that shiny new tactic. Instead, you build a business that can handle volume clearly, fast, reliably, with clear offers and enough capacity to even scale beyond that. So, when things are in place, meta ads feel boring. They feel stable, predictable, profitable, and boring is good. That's where we want to be because boring scales. And here's the final takeaway. Meta ads are almost never the real problem. They are simply the messenger. Don't go killing the messenger trying to fix your business. Meta ads can be the best level you can pull to fix your system because a simple increase in ad spend can tell you everything that's wrong in your business. Don't chase the hacks. Don't chase the algorithm. Build a business worth being seen by more people. And that's exactly how you scale. So, if you guys enjoyed this video and got some value out of it, hit that subscribe button and I'll see you guys on the next

  Top Comments:
  1. @dailyasuoslop: Thank you needed this!

- The BEST Facebook Ad Structure in 2026 (And Why It Works): Kind: captions Language: en If you're running Facebook ads the way we were 12 to 18 months ago, then there's a good chance that you are burning money. Because what used to work, interest targeting, tight audiences, going into Ads Manager and tweaking things here, there, and everywhere, just [music] doesn't cut it anymore. In this video, I'm going to show you the old way of running ads versus the new way of running ads. A way to enable you now to scale your ads a lot quicker and keep your ad account stable without having to make all the tweaks every single day that we used to do. So, if your costs are rising and your results are inconsistent, this is the video for you. But before we get into that, I just want to show you where you can get answers through videos and community in my community called Facebook Ads Clinic. This is a community full of 4 and 1/2 thousand people where you can ask questions every single day and get those questions answered just like all these other community members. We can also go into classroom where I give everything away. In this module, you will know how to run Facebook ads in 2026, post Andromeda, the correct way. This is a very simple structured classroom, easy to watch videos to get your ads to the level of scaling. [music] All you need to do is click the link below and join today. So, let's get into the old way of running Facebook ads. Here you'll see an ad account which looks pretty complex, doesn't it? This is why most advertisers waste budget and confuse the algorithm. We are sitting here saying this is the wrong way to run ads now. This was the right way to run ads. We had lots of success running ads this way. This is how media buyers like myself have been running ads for years and years and years. And I'm going to go through this because you're going to recognize some of the things and I want you to come away from this video with a different mindset and thinking about how you think of lookalikes and interests and things like that. So, let's just dive into what we've got in this diagram. I'm sure many of you are familiar with top of funnel, middle of funnel, and bottom of funnel. Well, what we used to do was break down our ads in a way that we would structure our ad account through top of funnel campaigns, middle of funnel campaign, and a bottom of funnel campaign. Now, if we were to delve into it, many of you out there who used to run ads will be thinking, "Well, we actually we used to keep all this in one campaign." I'm not going to go into the complete structure. I'm just going from a top level point of view of how we structured our ad accounts um using top funnel, middle funnel, and bottom of funnel. So, we would look at trying to get brand awareness, okay? And this is where we might use objectives like reach or engagement to get video views for people to see our product at a cheap rate. So, if we were to choose something like a reach objective, we'd be able to push out our video content, but we might be able to optimize that for people who watch 50% of those videos, okay? So, that way we would logically think, "Okay, if an audience is watching 50% of our videos, they're going to going to take in the content that we're putting through to them." So, we would use that kind of strategy to go out and find cold audiences. And then we'd be selecting with things like interest audiences or lookalike audiences. And here you can see an old favorite of ours which would be a lookalike 1% audience. What that would mean is we would take our customers, let's say we have 300 customers in a database, we could import that into Ads Manager, and then we would build a custom audience based off those 300 customers. From that custom audience, we can then build a lookalike. So, we could say to Meta, "Take the top 1% of people and build a lookalike." Which would give you, let's say, another 500,000 people to advertise to. This is a very, very tight lookalike which worked tremendously well and still does work in certain circumstances. That is for testing. So, these sort of things, as we go into the new structure, by all means, they can still work and be in tested. We are just moving away from these strategies as a whole. So, this is why we're talking about the new way of running ads. And then we can look at interest audiences. So, as Meta's developed over the years, but if we go back into the past, Meta's basically a database. As I came into Meta advertising, I came from the database industry. So, I would look at Meta and going, "We can choose demographics by age, by gender, by the interests, whether they're into online shopping, financials, all sorts of things that we could select." So, we would be essentially starting at 30 million people in the UK, and we'd be drawing that drilling that down and narrowing that audience down by overlaying different or stacking different types of interest-based demographics to end up with a few hundred thousand or a couple of million people that are very, very tight and narrow of our ideal customer. And that's something you're still able to do now, but what happens now with Advantage Plus, you're giving Meta uh a helping hand. You're saying, "I sell women's jewelry, so I want to target people over 35 years old who um shop online and have an interest in jewelry." That sounds completely logical, and it worked very, very well. Meta now has such a sophisticated AI that it knows who those buyers are of the jewelry. So, we don't have to go as tight and as narrow in that. And by using Advantage Plus and selecting jewelry as an interest, you are essentially just saying to people, "Go out to the 30 million, but I do want them have been interested in jewelry just as a little bit of a helping hand." So, that would be the way we would do things in the past from a top of funnel point of view. Then, as those people coming into our website, as they're watching our video views, as they're doing taking certain actions with our company, we would then start building a middle of funnel audience. Now, again, we could use traffic campaign or we could use lead gen or sales campaigns, but we would be then retargeting website visitors. So, again, we'd be going back into Ads Manager into our audience area, and we would be building custom audiences based off website visitors in 30 days, uh people who watched 50% of a video or 25% of a video, and then retargeting engagement, people who engaged with Instagram or Facebook in 180 days. We could change that to 90 days or 30 days or so on. And then, that would be creating a warm retargeting audience to remind people of what they were interested in at the top of funnel. And we would be designing ads around that. So, the top of funnel ad over here would be things like, "Hey, this is who we are. Look, this is what we do. You should be interested in this because this is your problem and we can fix it." And people would be interested. The middle of funnel would be just starting to send them testimonials and things like that. So, "Oh, that's that business I saw the other day and I watched a video on it." Now, we can retarget with testimonials and carousels with more of our product offering so they can get bit more information on what we're trying to do. And then we would take them down to the bottom of funnel, which is going in for conversions, going in for the kill. We know that these people have watched particular content because they're falling from um being in a cold audience, then coming into retargeting campaign, and then they might take further actions, and we can build more retargeted campaigns here at bottom of funnel going in for an offer. So, if you're coaching, it might be say, "Hey, join now, there's only six places left on our on our coaching webinar." Or it might be e-com where you're going in for a sale, "Get 15% off if you order [clears throat] today." Because we know that customer has been warmed up down that funnel. So, we'd be designing our Ads Manager based around that. Now, at the bottom here, I've got some negatives of this. And remember, this wasn't a negative then. It's it's in the past, and it worked tremendously well. These are negatives now with the new way that Facebook's Andromeda is working. So, budget split across too many campaigns. So, we'd be taking that budget and we'd have to say, "Okay, I've got $50 or pounds a day. We'd have to put some at top of funnel, then we'd have to put some in the that budget into the campaign area at middle of funnel, and then we'd have to do that bottom of funnel." So, we'd always be looking for how we can strategize that budget. And then we've got the algorithm can't learn with fragmented data. So, there's going to be lots of data going on there and Meta having to pull from different places and trying to form that ideal customer um persona from all the different datas things that we've got going on, data signals we've got going on. And then we've got audience overlap. So, as you see here, we've got website visitors, we've got retargeting 180 days, then we're at bottom of funnel got more retargeting. So, there's lots of different overlap going. And then, at the top of funnel, we would be testing out different audiences. So, we'd be testing different audience groups based on women who like jewelry from a 35 plus, and then we'd be like, "They also um just like online shopping." And not put in jewelry at 35 plus for another ad set. But we're using the same creative to go into both different ad sets, and that would start creating overlap. And then, impossible to scale without multiplying the cost. So, we'd we'd want what we'd be looking at, what areas do we scale? Do we do that at top of funnel? Because we're going to get more traffic coming in. And then we'd have to think about how much we're spending at retargeting at middle of funnel and bottom of funnel. So, it just became a lot of work was involved in doing this. Now, that was all we knew. So, that's all we did, okay? So, we didn't think we weren't sitting there thinking, "Oh, this is taking so much time to run the ads and set things up." It's just the way it was. Now, let's have a look at how we do it now. You can see here, this is so much more simple. Campaign structure is very, very simple. This is works for a lead gen or it will works for sales generation campaigns. We are basically using a one campaign, and then we're bringing it that down into a broad audience ad set. So, it's one ad set, and it's broad. You could be using Advantage Plus. Kind of the terminology is Advantage Plus is you leave it completely open to Meta. Broad is where we might be overlapping women and um age 35 plus. That's then turned into a kind of broad audience. It's kind of a bit of terminology when people are talking about Advantage Plus or broad. And then it's about our creative messaging and what we're putting it into our creative and ads. Before, in a way, we could have a mediocre ad into a really, really tight, effective ad set and test different or tight ad sets and that would bring us in customers. That's gone. Now we have to think about really good content that's going to talk and call out to our ideal customer. For instance, if you're interested in Facebook ads and you're having problems with Facebook ads, my hook could be, "Hey, are you spending 5,000 a month and you're not getting the return on investment that you thought you'd get from Facebook ads?" That's a hook. So only the person who's spending 5,000 pounds a month who's not getting a return on investment from Facebook ads is going to watch that video and pay attention to it. Or I could say, "Hey, are you using an Are you using an agency or are you now gone through your third Facebook ads agency that hasn't delivered any results for you? You're completely frustrated and you don't know what to do next?" That's going to call out to people who have used three agencies and haven't had the results. So you can see how we're starting to target people based on what we're saying in our creative, in our videos, in our text overlays, and in our copy. That way, Meta is then going to read what we're saying in our ads, watch our ads, read the ads, read the copy, listen to them, see what we're doing with the landing page or where we're sending our data, read our website, understand our brand, and Meta's AI then puts that in front of those niche people. So what we're doing now is going very, very tight and niche with our creative and our call out of our exact persona and what their problem is, and then Meta puts that in front of those people in the audience of 30 million people in the UK, 300 million people in the US, for example. Now if we look at this spreadsheet, we are looking at the types of different formats to create creative diversity. So what we can want to do is in that one broad audience ad set, we want to create creative diversity. So let's say we're spending $100 a day and we've got 10 ads. Well, we don't want 10 of the same ad of me sitting here calling out like I've just have to my my ideal customer with the same background, with the same t-shirt, with the same glasses. That's not going to create >> [clears throat] >> any creative diversity. It's a creative iteration where it's me saying the same thing and changing the hook, but that's just a creative iteration. What we need is creative diversity. So we might look at some static ads with the offer on it and then some video ads where I'm talking straight to camera like this calling out to our And then we can look at UGC ads where we can take other content creators who've been using our products or services and they can be talking about it. So it's like, "I can't believe I found this Facebook ads group has completely changed the way I do things." And then we've got testimonials going, "I've been using this Facebook ads group and getting the teachings from Nick and it's completely changed my business. I'm now getting a six times return." So by taking that and making 10 videos for that $100 a day, we've created creative diversity in the account, which means that Meta will create its own top, middle, and bottom of funnel. It may show me calling out on the video ads first. That's the top of funnel. And then it might decide that it's going to show some static ads which show people someone straight away what the community's about and what the offer is. And then if someone's then still sitting on the fence and thinking, "I'm not sure whether to do it." Meta's understanding that person is sitting on the fence and not sure what to do next. So it decides at the right time it's going to show show UGC ad followed by a testimonial ad and then it might show reshow one of the static ads again with the offer on it and that prospect then goes, "Actually, you know what? I've seen enough content in the right order without realizing it. I'm now going to click into that community and join." That's all we're trying to do. We're trying to keep it really, really simple. Now, don't be overwhelmed. You don't have to suddenly become a complete content genius. You could look at the organic content you're putting through and see what works and then pull that through and re-edit it or not edit it at all and put it as a paid ad. You could just talk to camera, so you could help AI write you a a really nice short problem solution script and then you just talk to camera for 15, 20 seconds and put different text overlays over the top calling out to your customer, POV, "I found the most amazing Facebook ads community. It helped me so much." And have that just shown for the first 5 seconds. Lots of different things. You just need to become a little bit more creative with your creative and your messaging and then you can let Meta do the rest of the job for you. It's become so easy. So why this structure works, broad targeting lets Meta's AI optimize. Simple structure is easy to manage. Multiple ad types test what resonates. Data consolidates for faster learning. So this is such a simple way of running your ads. You just need to think about the creative, think about your messaging, think about calling out to your ideal customer and you will have big wins in Facebook advertising. I hope that helps. Again, [music] if you want any more information with Facebook ads or have any questions, please go to the community with the link below into the Facebook ads community and we can help you there. Hope to see you inside. See you in the next video.

  Top Comments:
  1. @monstermunch522 [2 likes]: So one campaign and all creatives under one ad set? Or different ad sets based on media type?
  2. @MasterBrain182 [2 likes]: ❤❤❤
  3. @nickboddington1 [1 likes]: Get my FREE 2026 Facebook Ads Masterclass here 👉 https://www.skool.com/theadsclinic/about
  4. @azizthumbnails: Hey Nick ! I’m a thumbnail designer and I created a redesign concept for your recent video.

I focused on improving curiosity, readability, and CTR.

If you want, I can send the redesign .
  5. @zarrakconverts: Nick, I sent you your custom longform Video edit on your email. Would love your feedback. I genuinely believe it could upgrade your next video

- 5 Hidden Facebook Ads Features Meta Doesn’t Want You to Know (2026 Update): Kind: captions Language: en If you're running Facebook ads in 2026 , but still feel like your budget is being wasted, then today's video is going to be a game changer for you. Today I'm going to share with you five hidden features that pro marketers and meta marketing agencies use. Greetings. I am Mohammad Bilal and you are watching Learn with Bilal. Friends, today we will talk about five hidden features of Facebook which have been recently added by Facebook and 90% of the people do not know about them and those who know have doubled their ROI. So if you want that not even a single penny of your money gets wasted then you have to watch today's video till the complete end. Today I am going to discuss with you the best alternatives like audience segmentation reporting, value rules, creative testing, conditional logic, instant forms, creator marketplace and many more through which you can approach nano influencers. So without wasting any time let's start the video. Most people just run basic campaigns and the results are also very simple. They come from the basics and from here itself they get demotivated that the meta proper is not working. But if they keep themselves updated with the latest updates of Meta then definitely they will also get the results which other people are getting benefit from. Ever felt like you're not getting that kick out of a campaign? It means there are some important things you're skipping. Friends, Meta Ad platform is very vast. It is very big. There are many tools in it which are made to help you. So if you do not use them properly then you will get basic results. What people often do is that whenever they create a new campaign, they do not exclude those people who have already purchased products from them or enrolled for their services. Whenever they create a new campaign, they do not exclude them. What happens with this? Their budget is wasted. Meta is showing retargeting ads to people who have already used your product or taken your services. So you should set up your campaign in such a way that every time your campaign starts, those people who have already made the purchase or have taken the services should be excluded. And those people who have already visited your website. Either they have added to card , done initial checkout or they have done activity but not bought. So you should make such a setting that every time you launch your campaign, Meta adds them and they also see those ads again. First of all, when we come here to our Ad Manager, we see an option of Advertising Settings. So we will click here. As soon as we reach the advertising settings option, if you scroll down a little, here you get the option of audience segments. When you click here, you can create two types of audience segments. One is the audience who has already purchased from you and the other is the audience who has not purchased but has done any activity. They have visited your website. Here he has added to the card. Initial check out done. But I did not order you by. He is aware of your brand. He knows about social presence but he hasn't said goodbye to you yet. So once you create these two types of custom audiences, whenever you launch a new campaign, these options will automatically be added to it. You do n't have to manually create audiences for each campaign, and you don't have to include or exclude them for each campaign. So first of all you click on Engage Audience here and click on Create a Custom Audience here. From here you have to provide the source of those people who have purchased from your website. So you will do next by clicking on the website. Here you will give the event that I want the event of purchase. Those people who have made the purchase. And friends, here you have to always keep the retention of the audience for 180 days. In this way, you can exclude those people who have already purchased from your website. Let us understand the second option in the same way. Here you will get the second option of existing customers. People who know you, know your website and have done some activities. So here also you will create a custom audience. If you have their data available or you have any video which they have watched a lot, you can specify that. Otherwise, here you will come to the website in Your Source and click Next and here you will tell the event that I want to include those people here who have visited the entire website. Friends, here I would like to reiterate that you have to maintain 180 days of activity and you have to keep updating it every 15 days to 20 days so that Facebook can use the latest information and target only those people whom you have included in this list so that you can get better results. If you do this audience segmentation reporting, then what will be the benefit to you is that your purchasers will be excluded and those people who are doing the activity will see the ads again and again and they will definitely be able to buy from there. Friends, now let's talk about the second feature which is Value Rules in which you create some rules. This feature provides a lot of support to advertisers as to how much of your money is being invested and where. You must know all that. Let me give you an example of this. For example, you are running your own brand whose target audience is men. So your ad is also visible to females due to which your maximum budget is getting wasted there also. so what will you do now? You will create a value rule so that your ad and its ad spend are visible to maximum people so that you can get more orders from there. What will you do for that? When you create your own campaign. For example, you have created a sales campaign. Here you will come to the ad set. Let's come down here in the add set. So here you see the option of value rules. You have to click here. Create a rule set. Here you have to choose and click on I understand and then click on the option of create a rule set. When you come here, here you identify your rule, for example, in gender. So under gender you will select woman and from here you will select the option Decrease Bid By. And from here you will give it a percentage of 90%. It means that 90% of my ad will be de-linked from gender women. My ad should be visible to as many people as possible. So that my target audience can buy it accordingly. As you can see, it is written above here that create rules to tell us how many more certain audiences, once you set this rule, you have given an instruction to Meta, through which Meta gets to know who is the target audience of your product, so that your ads are shown only there and you can get better results from there. So now let's talk about our third feature. For this we cross it here and you have to come to AIDS. When you run your campaign, you have to come to Ads and scroll down here. So from here you will see the option of creative testing. In Creative Testing, you have to click on Setup Test. Ok. Here you can set up a creative test. For example, you set up a campaign. One of your ad sets appeared in it. Now you launch an ad in that ad set. Now if you do creative testing here, then you will be able to create different variants of the same ad and test them. So the more variants you create, the better and different results you will get. In that, you will then be able to analyze which of your ad creatives has performed better. Then you will choose it and in this way you will be able to scale it up by increasing its budget and you will remove the creative which did not perform for you. So let's assume here that I click on the option that I want to test five creatives in five variations of the same ad. How much of your budget should go to test aids? So here, let's assume I keep a budget of ₹1000. How long should the test run be? So from here I select seven days. How do you want to compare performances? So how do you want to compare performances? Let me compare its performance here. Measure my results according to the cost incurred on the result and tell me which creative is performing best for me from where I am getting the best results. So in this way, while doing creative testing, you can show the same ad in different variations so that you can get better results. So you have to run the campaign only for three to four days. You will know which creative is performing better. You have to continue with whatever is performing better and turn off whatever is not performing well and scale up whatever you have turned on after nine days. You have to scale it up by increasing its budget by 15 to 20%. Friends, I have said many times in my last video that your ad creatives decide how well your product will grow. So it is better that you test your ad creative in the best possible way. Once your testing is successful then you will definitely be able to scale up your business. Friends, these are the three features that we have just discussed. These are the features that help you in sales and grow your sales in the best way. But if you are running a leads campaign, then the feature I am going to tell you about now is that you can add instant forms and after adding them, you will be able to add questions accordingly. So for that we generate a Testing Like a Lead campaign from here. I close this. After that, come to the campaign and click on create and you continue the leads campaign. If you click on Manual Leads Campaign, in this way you have come to the setup of leads campaign. So here you have to come to Leads Ad. You will scroll down from here and here you will see the option of Create Form. After coming to Create Form, you have to click on High Intent here and next it. Here you can add headings to the intro. You will then add a description according to who you are interviewing or the leads you are getting. Similarly, you click next here and further you see the question section. Here you have to turn on conditional logic. By turning on this option, your lead generation form will work differently for each user. Like every user has a different experience. So according to his experience, Facebook will ask him such questions. So after turning on this option of conditional logic, you will add queries. We will choose multiple choices. Here you write your first question example. When you will buy. If someone here gives an answer that he will buy in March then this should be your logic. You can ask him the next question later. Please provide contact number and in this way you will add question to him. But suppose you are asking a question and he is answering it to you in a manner like this, it is not confirmed. So what will be your logic that your Facebook lead form will not continue further. It will stop right there. In this way, you will be able to get filtered data and by using this logical setup, you will be able to show your lead generating form only to your targeted audience and those people who are interested in it you will be able to get leads only from them. Friends, now let's talk about our number five point which is create marketplace. You have to go to your business page and from here you have to go to Business Meta Suite. So here you are getting the option of Creator Market Place. This is that option. By using this option you will get yourself and your business verified. From here you will find influencers who can collaborate with you. And if you do not get the option from here, the option of Like Creator Marketplace is off in different countries, then its alternative way is that you go to Instagram. Go to Instagram and search for different keywords. Like you give hashtag in such a way that hashtag fashion inside Pakistan. So if your brand is relevant to fashion then you will get such nano influencers who are interested in fashion. There you can see their profile to see how many comments have come on their profile, how many likes have they received and what comments have people made. Are those comments genuine, original or not? If it is original then you DM them. When you DM them, compliment them that I saw your post. I liked it very much. I think my brand is such that if you collaborate with me, we can do good work together. You will also find some such nano influencers from there who will be able to create ad creatives for you free of cost. So this fifth feature is especially for those who are camera shy and are not able to create ad creatives themselves. So in this way they can scroll through Instagram and hire nano influencers from there and grow their business. Yes friends, if you also use these five hidden features in your campaign, then Insha Allah your revenue will also grow by 5X. Friends, these are very small features but their impact is very high. So you have to understand this video completely and the way I have applied all these methods, you have to apply them once so that onward your campaign also gets properly optimized like pro experts and social media marketing agencies use. Friends, if you want to keep getting the latest updates on digital marketing, then subscribe to the channel now and press the bell notification so that you can get the latest information first and if you liked today's video, then do like it and tell me in the comments that if there is any such hidden feature which is in your knowledge, then do discuss it with me in the comments. I check the comments myself and reply to everyone. So friends, if you want your Shopify and Meta campaign to be handled by a professional, then we have a professional team that can provide you this service. You can contact on the given number. So see you in the next video. Take great care of yourself. Remember me in your prayers. Allah Hafiz.

  Top Comments:
  1. @mr_millionair [1 likes]: Bilal bhi Mashable AJ apne aisi info di ke maza a gya ❤❤❤❤❤ plz make more vedios about how to increase sales in short budget❤❤ waiting for
  2. @archiveofworldhistory [1 likes]: Good information sir
  3. @WaleedAslam-i6t: Allah apko kamyab kare ❤

- Facebook Page Creation Guide +Policy Rules You MUST Know in 2026: Kind: captions Language: en Welcome back to Another Video Guys. So in this video we are going to understand about Facebook and I will also show you how to create a Facebook page live in this video. I will tell you further why a Facebook page has to be created. Ok? So first of all let us understand about Facebook. Now look friend, it is a simple thing, you are going to put an ad on Meta. Meaning Facebook, Instagram are partners of Meta. If you are going to place ads on them then Facebook's requirements will definitely be there. Ok? Now the question comes, what should Facebook be like? Meaning how old should it be? You can either place ads on the new Facebook or you cannot. So look, this is Facebook's policy that you cannot run ads from a new Facebook ID. If you run it, your ads will be disabled. So what should the ID be like? I am telling you your ID is minimum minimum. Your ID should be minimum 7 to 15 days old and the older it is, the better. The better your ads will run for you. So this is one main thing that your ID should be minimum 7 days old. Now let's talk about such people who do not have 7 days old ID and who say that we are starting a new one. So can't we run ads? You can run ads. Ok? Keep in mind you can run ads. You just have to create a new ID. Leave it to age a bit. You have to keep posting etc. on that. And if you do not have your ID then you can take anyone's ID. Ok? Of anyone in your own world because nowadays most people do not use Facebook. It is made and left there. You can take anyone's ID and run ads on it. Ads can run on any Instagram from any ID. Keep this in mind. It is not necessary that the person who has Instagram will have the same Facebook ID. Ads can be run on any person's Instagram from any Facebook ID. Ok? But I suggest that if you want to work in the long term with yourself or with your client, then use your own Facebook. Use your own Instagram and your client's Instagram along with the same client's Facebook. Because when data is stored, it helps in tracking. What is tracking etc.? You will understand everything later. I will not complicate it too much right now. So you must have understood about Facebook that the minimum age is 7 days and the maximum age is as old as possible. Ok? Now let us understand how to create a page here. Now see why page is important? Look, you have an ID but ads do not run with the ID. The ads that run, run from that page. Id say you have a house. You will have to create pages inside that house. Ok? Rooms will have to be created. Ads run from those rooms. Meaning the ad runs from that page. So that's why the page is important. Now how to create a Facebook page ? Here I will show you live right now on my laptop screen. Ok ? So we're here on the Facebook page come on Facebook. Ok? Here we will learn to create a page. Simply do nothing to create a page. You will see the option here above. A three means the menu option will be visible here. You have to go to the option of this menu. Here, as soon as you scroll down, the option of pages will appear. When you go to the Pages option, all the pages you have on Facebook will be visible to you here. We have to create a new page. So on the left side you will see here the option to create a new page. By creating a page. As soon as you create a page here, you will be asked two options. The first public page will appear and the second one will tell you that you have to upgrade your existing profile. No, we have to create a public page. You have to select the first option. Then here you have to click next. As soon as you click Next, you have to tap on Get Started here. After tapping on Get Started, you have to give any name to your page here. Ok ? You can name it anything. Like I give it here. Ok? Akshit, I will just give the name of my Facebook page here. After that you just have to enter the category here. You can put anything in the category. Whatever business you are doing. Ok? For example, I will put clothing here. Or I'll put teaching here. Ok? I put teaching or meaning tags anything here. Whatever your category is, you have to enter it. What do you have to do after that? Here you have to add simple bio in bio. Anything you have to add to bio. I suggest you add all these things. Because the more you add these things, the stronger your Facebook page will become. So let me put teaching high paying skills here. Ok? I'll put teaching high paying skills here. Then here I tap on the Create option. As soon as I am tapping on the create option here. Ok? It is taking some time to load here. As soon as I tapped on the create option here. I will be asked some details here. I would suggest that if you have a mobile number then you should verify it here. Ok? After putting it out, if you want to add email address etc. then you can do so, otherwise do n't add it, there is no problem. But you enter the location etc. What will happen with this? Which is showing here the health of the page. Ok? This will be good for you. Because until the health of your page is good or you can say poor, do not run ads on it otherwise your ads will become useless. There are chances of you becoming disabled. So here we click next. Ok? You can do everything here. After that you have to add profile picture here. I take any profile picture here from my laptop. As soon as I tap here I will come to my laptop. So I'm just adding anything right now, just like that. Ok? You can add it as per your requirement. Then as soon as you tap on the cover photo , you can add anything from your laptop to the cover photo. Ok ? I am doing everything in front of you. I am doing it live. It is a very easy process. There is no major brainstorming involved. You can see it in this. Ok? Then here you have to tap on the option above Next. As soon as I tap on the Next option here. Ok? You will be able to check it here. Here you have to connect mobile number and WhatsApp, I don't want to do it, he is asking me not to do it now, so do n't do it now, I will tell you all the things in the next video, then you have to skip here, after skipping you have to click next here, then here you have to turn on this option Marketing and Promotional, then here you have to click done, as soon as you do it, your Facebook page will be created within a minute, done you did not need to do anything, your Facebook page has been created within a minute, okay now here you have to post, it is important to post, due to which your page will become a little sting. Ok? Creating the page was a very easy process. You can verify your mobile number etc. here. Your page will be created within just 2 to 3 minutes. So in this video we learned how to create a page. The ending was quite simple. You do not need much knowledge about tags etc. in this. Ok? In such a simple way I have taught you how to create a page. In the next video you will know about some policies of Facebook page. Plus how will you post on the Facebook page? Why is posting necessary? And how can you connect your Facebook page to your multiple accounts like Instagram or WhatsApp? How many Instagrams and WhatsApp can you connect? I am going to discuss all these things in the next video. Make notes of everything I am telling you. Implement it. See you in the next video

- Facebook Business Manager for Agencies Tutorial: Managing Facebook Ads: Kind: captions Language: en - Are you finally ready to start running Facebook and Instagram ads for clients but aren't sure how to set up the accounts, billing, and more? Running ads for clients is a great way to grow your business. But there are critical steps that you need to take to ensure that you're doing it properly. By the end of this video, you will have what you need to start running ads for clients. We'll walk you through Facebook Business Manager, connecting as a partner, getting access to your client's ad account, and pixel data. And make sure you stick around to the end because I'll show you how to report on your results to your client, your employer, or your team. So before we get into the screen share, I want to give you a little bit of context about the best way to run ads for clients. And that is through business manager access. If your client doesn't have the Business Manager, they should. That is the preferred way of running Facebook ads. Now, there are two ways to get connected into someone's Business Manager. The first way is with a personal account where you're added into their Business Manager and given employee access. The second way is through partners. And that's where they are adding your Business Manager into their Business Manager and giving you access to their assets. And that, in my opinion, is the preferred way to run ads for clients. Now, if your client does not have a Business Manager account, you'll have to get that set up. And we have some links for you to help you do that in the description. There are several reasons why you want to run Facebook and Instagram ads on your client's ad account and not your own. The first reason is because of pixel data. The client will retain all of the pixel data and it will not get confused with any other pixel data that might be on an ad account. The second reason is because of billing. There can't be multiple billing methods on a single ad account. So the client will have their billing method attached to their own ad account and be responsible for that. The third reason is because if you're running ads for multiple clients on one account and that account gets shut down, you're putting all of your clients' ads at risk. I'm going to show you one way to connect your Business Manager to your client's Business Manager. So, go to business.facebook.com/settings. From there, you should see the name of your Business Manager at the top of the screen. Scroll down on the left side to Business Info. Your Business Manager ID is right at the top. Then you want to copy that Business Manager ID and send it to your clients and walk them through these steps. First, have them go into in the settings. Make sure that their Business Manager name is at the top of the screen. Then under Users, they're going to click on Partners. Then they're going to click on the blue add button and say, give a partner access to your assets. And then they will type your Business Manager ID into the Add a New Partner pop-up. So once they type that in, then click Next. Now they're going to select the assets that they need to give you access to, which includes both their Facebook page and their Facebook ad account. So select Pages on the left side, click on the radio button next to the page, and then select Create Ads on the right side. Before you click Save Changes, make sure you go to the ad accounts on the left side to also give you access to their ad account. From there, you will select the ad account and then select Manage Campaigns on the right side. Now you'll click Save Changes and you'll have access into their Business Manager. One of the common pitfalls is that their page or their ad account isn't showing in that screen. If that's the case, they have not added their page or their ad account into their Business Manager as an asset. So they first have to do that in order to give you access to those assets. And again, the link to that Business Manager tutorial video is in the description. You will get an email notification letting you know that you have been added into their Business Manager. Now that you have that connection made, your final step is to give permissions to the people in your Business Manager to be able to access that asset. So you'll go into your Business settings, select Pages on the left side. Then you'll find the page that you've been given access to and select Add People. A pop-up will appear and you will give yourself and/or team members the ability to create ads with that page. We repeat the process with the ad accounts on the left side, select the people to manage the campaigns, and click Assign. So now that you've got the assets assigned, you can go into your ads manager and use the dropdown menu to navigate between client accounts. One common issue is that the client hasn't named their ad account, and so you'll just see a long string of numbers. But if you use the dropdown menu, you'll always be able to see the Business Manager name there. So, now that you're connected and running campaigns, your clients are going to want to see the results. An easy way to do this is using a link in the ads manager reporting area. In your main ads manager area, what you're going to do is customize the columns to show your clients the data that they want to see. When you've saved that, you can then go to the Reports drop down menu and select Share Link. Copy that link and share the link with your client. So, click here to learn about how to create great reports for your clients, and click here to learn more about the Business Manager. And congratulations on learning how to run Facebook and Instagram ads for your clients.

  Top Comments:
  1. @SocialMediaExaminer [16 likes]: Ready to level-up your Facebook Ads? Watch our playlist! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RXDcDVsUV4A&list=PLyqdnWmgSb_YuvXz1Ofzxe9los0Q_vPt2&index=1
  2. @dalerayross [4 likes]: still relevant in sept. 2025, thank you thank you thank you
  3. @publicwords: Amazingly explained. wonderful
  4. @isaiahkulakevich9058: Thank you auntie this is exactly the info in was looking for🙏
  5. @Son-f6v6t: Clear, concise and professional. Well done!
  6. @anantjotsingh6631: Just want to say love you mam you’r great because i saw hundreds of videos but this single video gave me much clearance as compare to those hundreds .❤
  7. @KishorPhoto-hi6ou: Thank you a lot ❤❤
  8. @mikavandergun500: wow the background music is annoying!
  9. @halku_paglu-b3g: I am buying credit line account I give you 1k$
  10. @lifeinaustraalia: Very hard to understand and confusing that people with zero knowledge about facebook
  11. @EverythingTaylord: What do I do if my clients ad account is banned
  12. @How2Kamer: Such a clean and smooth explanation 
Thank you boss
  13. @tongvang724: Straight to the point, no bs like everyone else who tries to sell you their course in the middle of their tutorial and preaching about making a lot of money
  14. @tabark5611: Omg you are a saint
  15. @Victory-HackLab-Limited: Good day 
Victory HackLab Limited wants to apply to partner with meta in Nigeria. Please we need your guidance
  16. @Md.AlRabbi-c1d: Is it possible to run ads on clients page with my ads manager?
  17. @christian_wud_no: THIS! Answearing the questions GPT, Gemini, Claude or Perplexity didnt seem to handle. Thank you!!
  18. @Yako-The-Cat: I am curios about the pixel, does pixel should be in my BM or in client BM? if in client bm the admin should also give access to pixel right?
  19. @Agnibesh-GlowRadius: still relevant in 2025!
  20. @reynaedwards5662: How do ad companies do this for me and all I get is an email with the leads?

- How To Scale Facebook Ads In 2026: Kind: captions Language: en How do you actually scale Facebook ads in 2026? Well, today we'll be going over just one of the many accounts that we've been spending on uh this one particular account that we've done over $42,000 in the last 72 days just in ad spend and specifically how we've been scaling this ad account up in terms of our scaling rules when it comes down to the budget for Facebook ads. So, with that being said, let's dive right into it. So, this just lasts 7 days for one of our clients. And again, you know, if you you're new to the channel and stuff, we do one CBO campaign per objective of the business, per goal of the business. And that's s right there. So, this campaign right here that's spent $42,000 over the last 7 days is for our main hero product. We have a new product we just launched. Uh we're testing some other products in this campaign. But the moral of the story here is that we have this one campaign that spent $42,000 last seven days. It's our main hero product that we're currently actively scaling. And you know, we're spending roughly $6,000 a day on this one particular campaign. And again, we're doing this in a CBO campaign. And as far as to scale the budget, all we do is just increase or decrease that campaign. We don't create new campaigns to scale ads. We don't test new ads and other campaigns. We keep it all consolidated into one campaign per goal for the business. So, as far as like actually adjusting the budget, all I do is come in and click on edit on that daily budget right there. And then I just adjust that 20% up or 20% down. Now, as far as the rules to and when to adjust that budget, that's where we're going to go more so over today. So, let's just first look at right here. Every single day I look at the ad accounts and every day I look at yesterday and I basically ask myself, hey, did we hit our scaling KPI for this particular ad account? Now, every ad account is different. We have some ad accounts that scale on cost per acquisition. Typically, our more experienced brands, brands spending a couple hundredk a month, uh, they've been around in business for a while, they know what they're talking about. [laughter] they'll go out their cost per acquisition, right? Because we're not really looking at rorowass because we're focusing more on LTV profitability and all of those good things. I have some brands that are somewhat newer, you know, more early on in their life cycle and they focus more on rorowass still and that's perfectly fine as well. And then some of our brands are like legion clients and stuff where we focus on CPL. Long story short, every brand we work with typically has a different scaling KPI of a certain cost per acquisition, a certain rorowass, a certain cost per lead of which we uh increase or decrease that campaign based off performance from here. Once we understand what that scelling KPI is and sometimes we uh work with clients who have very unrealistic ones you know and we have to do a little bit of damage control there to reset expectations and stuff like that. But once there's an agreed upon scaling KPI of how we decrease or increase budget then we'll start following this process right here. And pretty simple you know did we hit KPI yesterday? If yes, then we literally just go ahead. We increase spend by 20%. And then boom, this SOP is done. Come back tomorrow. So every day you do this, look at yesterday. If yes, you increase spend by 20% and you're done. Now, if we look at yesterday and we didn't hit that KPI, right? You know what do we do? We didn't do we just immediately start dropping budget or what? Well, the first thing I always like to say is, have we waited at least four days for that scaling KPI to be hit? Too often we'll increase budget and maybe performance like kind of dips a little bit and it just doesn't hold that same level and people will immediately go and try to pull their budget back way too fast. Where I find is if we just hold the budget there for a few days, it rebalances itself and we're perfectly fine. If we have not waited four days for that scaling KPI to be hit, then it's just basically saying, "Hey, wait another 24 hours. Scaling SOP complete, you know, and then we restart that back over." But if we waited 4 days and for 4 days performance has dipped and we're just like not hitting the performance we want, then what I want to look at is are we at the hard deck? Now, the hard deck is a number that's going to be different for everyone. And this number will change often depending on what stage you're at of of spending and scaling and all of those good things. So, the first thing I like to look at is um let's say, for example, we're spending $1,000 today right now. We're profitable and stuff like that. Then, like I wouldn't want to just drop all the way back down to zero. I don't want to keep scaling my budget down by 20% every day and then, you know, we're back down to zero in ad spend because it's be very difficult to have a large volume of new creatives to start testing to find something new that works and scales versus just kind of holding that budget there to allow us to test faster. If we are not at the hard deck, meaning that we're well above this low set number of ad spin, we never go below, then what we'll do is we'll decrease spin by 20%. And then we'll come back tomorrow and basically repeat this all over again. Now, if we are at the hard deck, right, let's say we're spending $10,000 a day and we don't want to go below $2 to $3,000 a day in ad spend because we have a fat bank of balance and we have plenty to cover us for the next 30 to 60 days. We want to hold this so that way we can give ourselves more ad spend to be able to test uh new stuff, whether it's creatives, landing pages, all that good stuff. Then what I would want to do is do not decrease ad spin, right? like I don't want to touch the ad spin if we're at our hard deck. And the only time we're going to touch ad spin if we're at our hard deck is if we get our scaling KPIs back to where they need to be and then we can start increasing spend by 20% a day. So this is realistically the process we follow daytoday for like basically how to scale Facebook ads and when to adjust the budget, all of those good things right there. Uh if you have any questions around this, drop it below in the chat or in the comments below. Happy to get back to you guys. And if you enjoyed this video, hit the like button and subscribe for that. New videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. [music] Thank you all for watching.

  Top Comments:
  1. @RafaelBelor [3 likes]: summary on how to scale: just scale dude 😂 love it ❤
  2. @pedrosierra4962 [3 likes]: Nice fast and simple video! It really is that simple to scale fb ads lol
  3. @catchingstars9722 [3 likes]: Screen share is too small!
  4. @theocloughbusiness [2 likes]: thanks nick, i have been running the campaigns structure of 3 ads sets in a campaign and 3-6 ads per ad set, should i be killing the underperforming ads at the ad level? If so this will give the better performing ads more budget therefore not needing an increase by 20%, Am i missing something here?
  5. @AlifLayekath [2 likes]: Hey nick can yu plz make a live video on how to create digital product and sell it by paid ads. Plz.
  6. @drawnbody [2 likes]: What do you do in a situation where you have a winner that becomes unprofitable, but Facebook still spends most of the budget or at least the top 3 ad sets that spend the most

Let's say 7 days ago you don't lose or make a profit on it or you do lose on it

When do you choose to continue with it and when to turn it off?
  7. @MFG2738 [1 likes]: All of those good things
  8. @pvt.Pyle69 [1 likes]: Where can we find a downloadable version of the flowchart?
  9. @gomez_facu7 [1 likes]: Hello! I'm doing e-commerce in Argentina since I live here. I have a question; I started recently and I have a campaign with a $40 daily budget. Yesterday it brought me around 9 sales with a good CPA. Today everything is very strange, lots of visits to my page and that campaign didn't bring me any sales. What should I do in these cases? Thanks in advance and best of luck to everyone.
  10. @MikeIgartua [1 likes]: Thank you for the video. What does KPI stand for? God bless.
  11. @CNW21 [1 likes]: so you don't have issues changing CBO budget that frequently? I always try to wait a few days to a week before increasing, which i've had success with, but maybe I'm being too passive.
  12. @Yuki-nj2df [1 likes]: For testing a new product or a new campaign, how much do you usually set as your daily spending budget? I’m currently testing with a $50/day spend. Thanks Nick
  13. @yaseersayyed02T1 [1 likes]: When adding new creatives to test in a campaign should we increase budget or maintain it on old budget and only increase 20 percent when we hit overall kpis
  14. @SS-sw9jl [1 likes]: Do you do 4x5 or 9x16 when uploading your 3x video ads?
  15. @Aaron-ec1qf [1 likes]: Hey Nick, I'm seeing some ad accounts automatically switching off ads if they're not performing. Even top spenders. Have you noticed this? If so, can you please make a video on this.
  16. @Tan-mm2yv [1 likes]: Bro, what's the perfect time to scale an ad? Does the timing of the day even matter?
  17. @OGmatt123 [1 likes]: what time in the evening is the best time to increase budget for the following day so it does not spend too quickly the day of increasing
  18. @dhruvdhanjal [1 likes]: Hey Nick (and everyone else) have you had any experience running ads in the UK?

When running an offer that is not location dependent, do you think it’s best to stick to targeting the USA?

Thanks!
  19. @TheMusicalWebb [1 likes]: Hey Nick! I know you mention waiting seven days after launching new creatives to add/test more. If the creatives are hitting KPIs on day 1, do you increase budget 20% on day 2, or wait seven days?
  20. @yousefmohamed8934 [1 likes]: Thank you for the video. So essentially, for newer brands who did not optimize for back-end metrics like LTV, we should focus on ROAS as the main KPI?

- TikTok Ads vs Instagram Ads in 2025: Which Platform Gets Better Results?: Kind: captions Language: en All right, guys. This is Adele here. Today, we're going to be going over what platform is better to run ads on, Instagram or Tik Tok. Now, if you're a service-based business and you're looking to generate leads, whether you're coach or, you know, you're trying to generate leads for realtors, doctors, courses, from my experience, running generated leads on Tik Tok has been really, really low quality. Volume was there. We get our cost per lead at a really good price, but the quality after reaching back out to those leads have been really poor. I mean, I bet you guys can guess the reasons why. Tik Tok is more of an entertainment app and more of a shopping for products app from what I've seen. And as well, there has been case studies that have been done that age group that are on Tik Tok or the younger ages. So, from ages 18 to 34 or majority more on Tik Tok. So, if you have younger ages and you're proposing to them lead generated ads, you know, for example, if you're running ads for a doctor or a med spa, they're less more serious about filling out a form. Or if they do fill out a form, you know, Tik Tok is a bunch of brain rot at the end of the day. You probably scroll past a thousand videos. What makes you think that you're going to remember that ad that you filled out? Those are my reasons why I would say not to run lead generated ads on Tik Tok. Now, if you're trying to be omni channel and you're just trying to show your face on multiple platforms, then yes, if you want to spend money that way, that's fine. But if you're looking for quality leads, I would say Tik Tok isn't the platform. Now, what Tik Tok is great for is e-commerce products. Tok shop is a thing as well. So, Tik Tok is becoming, you know, a gold mine for uh e-commerce products. Now, you don't even need to have your own Shopify store to open up a Tik Tok shop, right? So, it's so easy to shop, especially with these Tik Tok creators, right? So, in the US, you know, Tik Tok creators are able to tag their products in their videos, and it's so easy to shop, right? I I'll admit it myself. I've also bought clothing and and items from Tik Tok just seeing off the videos, right? And the shipping's fast. You stay kind of all in one platform and you do your shopping, which is great. The comparisons between that and a lead, there's obviously a difference, right? So, you're ordering a product versus like submitting a lead for like a service, right? So for ecom brands, if you're actually selling a product has done super well. So for my clients, for example, if I run ads for, you know, an e-commerce product, it's done well within Tik Tok, right? Especially if you have a Tik Tok shop, you lead them straight to the app. They don't have to leave the app at all, right? So they do all their shopping within the app and then they can continue their scrolling. But, you know, if you're doing a lead generated ad and you fill out a form and then let's say it takes you to a sales page, that's taking you off the app. So, now that we're done with Tik Tok and you guys kind of understand my perspective as well as case studies that have been done between Instagram and Tik Tok, now let's get into Instagram. Now, we'll start off with lead generated ads on Instagram. So, if you're selling service, I run ads for med spas and plastic surgeons. Our ads do really well generating leads through Facebook and Instagram. Why is that? You know, there's an older demographic on Facebook and Instagram. You get to actually see more about the brand, right? You click on their page, you check their testimonials. Instagram and Facebook's placements where they have, you know, about the the business's brand, you can check their highlights, their stories. You kind of connect more with the person in the business within Instagram and Facebook. Now, with Tik Tok, you can't really do the same, right? You go through their videos and that sort of stuff. And on Instagram, you can personally close sales. For example, like when I run ads for my clients, right? And let's just say someone that saw the ad sends them a message, right? Now that person can reach out to them. They fill out the lead form. Now they're a lot more serious because, you know, it's more of a connection. It's more of like disruptive when they're on TikTok. Instagram has a higher quality audience. Not just because there's a young demographic and an old demographic, right? I would say there's a big mix between them. And I'm going to add a case study below so you guys can check it out. If you're trying to sell a high ticket offer, most people run it on Instagram and Facebook. Yes, you might get your fair share of poor lead quality. just like everyone else. But if you are asking the right type of questions and if you're verifying them before a call or anything like that, you will be doing it the right way. Now, obviously, I could get into all that sort of stuff in terms of like making sure your lead quality is good before getting them on a call, but that could be said in another video. If you're running for lead generated business, I would say Instagram and Facebook would be your go-to. Now, if you're running e-commerce products on Instagram, so running ecom products on Instagram is great because you also have, you know, the catalog that can come in from your Shopify store as well as uh Instagram shopping which is integrated as well. I don't know exactly the rough volume of sales between Instagram and Tik Tok shop, but I'm going to add it in this case study below. Uh I would say Tik Tok shop is definitely more popular than Instagram shop. So if you're selling products, I would say Instagram would definitely be also another good platform to be on Instagram shop and also you know your brand identity is on there as well. For me running ads in the past for either in terms of Facebook and Instagram, one of the most important things is your creatives. So a lot of people get into like you know the targeting and all that sort of stuff. So because it relies so heavily on the learning system that fa that meta is on is that the your creatives are so important. That's why they always say to test multiple creatives instead of just relying on one creative. Any Tik Tok kind of creatives that have done well on Tik Tok, you know, you bring them on the platform on Meta and those usually do super well. So now I'm I'm just talking about ecom products. So to kind of finish this off, if you're in the lead generation business, right, I would say to run on both platforms. Now, if you want to be omniresence, but if you kind of want to really check every single dollar you're spending and really get straight to the point, I would say to run it on Meta. You know, you could use it in a different way. So if you're a lead generated business and you kind of want to have like top offunnel, you know, you want to bring people in from Tik Tok just because you get a lot more viewers, your CPMs are a lot lower, then you could do it that way and then retarget them through Facebook and Instagram. But if you're just going strictly for sales and you, you know, really don't want to test too much, I would just say keep organic on Tik Tok and then spend money on Meadow. Now, if you're an e-commerce brand, I think you should run on both platforms, right? Tik Tok, obviously you have the Tik Tok shop and obviously you have creators there that can make you add content as well and then obviously tag your products. If you're an ecom business, obviously you should also have an Instagram which is very important. You can bring those creatives from Tik Tok and run them on Facebook ads. Hopefully, if you're a business owner, this could kind of steer you in the right direction. As you guys know, my name is Adele and I have an agency more as a growth partner. So, if you're a business looking to run paid ads for your business and scale your offer up, I'll have a link down below to schedule a call with me and my team and get you guys in the right position. All right, guys. Make sure you subscribe down below and check out my next video. Peace.

  Top Comments:
  1. @alaahaddabeh3828 [3 likes]: So basically businesses that offer a service rather than a product would have a better reach through Meta platforms rather than TikTok? Would you avoid pushing ads through TikTok entirely or would you give it a test run in the first few months of running ads to see how it does? Great video btw 🙂
  2. @eidshqair1051 [1 likes]: 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
  3. @Datsmoose [1 likes]: 🔥🔥🔥
  4. @kagochivese8613: what about ads for a lifestyle/entertainment app?

- Facebook Ads VS TikTok Ads 2023: Kind: captions Language: en Elisha is asking what do you think is more effective in running ads Tick Tock or Facebook ads very good question Elijah what do you think [Music] okay first thing first let's talk about your audience okay my first question to you is when you ask this question my first question to you is where do your audience hang out whatever that you're trying to sell are they on Tick Tock or are they on Facebook so you just go to where uh your audience are I mean like some of the businesses that sell you know like fun interesting stuff to teenagers and youngsters I mean of course you go tick tock um Facebook and Instagram are for I wouldn't say old people but the age is catching up man okay there's one thing but you know like of course the on the other side you you also can look at Facebook and Instagram advertisements combined um people in the platform are more ready to buy they are more mature okay and they are more capable you know in terms of spending power in terms of a lot more things like you know they will also appreciate better things in life and stuff like that so depending on what you sell as well so I guess that's the quick answer that I have I wouldn't have a definite answer that oh Arctic talk is better or Facebook is better I guess it's about you go the way audience hanger like for me I don't pay much attention on Facebook nor tick tock I pay a lot more attention on YouTube because that's how people found me right so I just go to where my audience hang out that's the right answer I think but yeah I hope that answers your questions

- TikTok Ads vs Facebook Ads | Best Platform for Ecommerce in 2025: Kind: captions Language: en Hello Assalam Alaikum Welcome Welcome back to another YouTube video. So friends, in today's video we are going to talk, rather compare, about two things. About two very big marketing platforms which are TikTok and Facebook. Many people are confused as to what they should work on. For us, which platform is better for marketing? Should we go to TikTok or should we go to Facebook as it is? So this question was asked by many people. Was. So I thought why not make a comparison video in which I will compare all the things and tell you. And in the end, I will also tell you my own point of view as to whom you should work with. If you guys have n't seen my last video then do n't watch it. If you see that, you will go to TikTok only. You won't go on Facebook. But look, I am just joking. We are working on a TikTok course which is being uploaded on our channel in the form of a series. In the end I will collect it all and put it in. But if you want to see that, what do you have to do? Simply go to my channel. Ok? Have to go to the playlist. There you will get a complete playlist of TikTok ads. Where you can learn how to do marketing on TikTok by watching all the parts step by step. Well, let's talk about comparison. First of all we will see what the audience is like on Facebook. What is the audience like on TikTok? If I talk about TikTok, then the audience on TikTok is a bit of a mourner. Ok? He is a bit judgey type. And if I talk about Facebook, then you understand that there are a few people there, that means there are some very big people also. Ok ? There are a lot of older people too. So now let me tell you what is the difference between these two. See why TikTok gives us more conversions? Because it is obvious that all the people there are educated. I am not talking about everyone. If one or two people come to TikTok just for scrolling, then you cannot include them. But mostly TikTok is more famous among the young generation. But if I talk about Facebook, then most of our elders use Facebook. And you will also agree with this thing that yes brother, they really use it. So this is a main difference. Now you also know this and I also know that brother, if a young generation, an educated person is watching an ad on TikTok, then he knows how to purchase the thing. And if you are running ads on Facebook, then also have to put an order and WhatsApp button there so that you can come and place the order by talking on WhatsApp because it is possible that the customer you are getting there may not be able to fill his information directly by going to the Shopify dashboard or checkout and place the order. So this is one difference between TikTok and Facebook regarding audience. Now let's compare the second thing which is ad format. If I talk about TikTok, then mostly video ads are played there. Ok? You must have seen I Think very rarely, in fact, you must have seen almost no time, that someone there is running an image ad or a casserole ad. This does not happen. Which ads are played there the most? They are video ads only. But if I talk about Facebook, then brother, image ads also work on Facebook. Carousel ads also run there. And this means that you can see such ads there. But what is the problem? You also know that video ads are more engaging. As compared to image ads, if we talk about all these things, then a good explanation can be given in the video ads. Ok? The good thing is that your product can be shown. But this does not happen in image ads. That is the image. Many people think that maybe he has generated this from AI and installed it. He did not pick this up from Google. I do n't know whether it is original or not. But if you make a video then all these things come out in it. You can show your customer that this is the product. Ok? These are all the things. And it looks like this. So the video ads on TikTok are more effective as compared to running your image ads on Facebook. Running your cashier ads. On the third number, we are going to compare the budget. I get a lot of comments related to how much budget should be there for marketing on TikTok. How much budget should be there for marketing on Facebook? So brother, I will not tell you the budget directly like this. I will directly explain some things to you so that you will automatically know that brother, yes, this much can be our expenditure. First of all, those people who ask the question that how much does it cost to market, they should not ask this question because yes, either your question becomes like this that how much can be spent on marketing at least ? So this is understandable. But if you ask brother how much does marketing cost? So this is not a question to ask. Because brother, the more jaggery you add, the sweeter your work will become. Every person knows this thing. Because whenever you create a Shopify store, understand that it is not known to Google. Those customers do not know that there is an Asim sitting at a particular place, he has built his own store, so he should get orders. No, you have to do marketing. Whether you are doing it on Facebook. Whatever it is you're doing on TikTok. You have to take your ad to people through marketing and tell them that this is my product. Purchase this. If you like it, purchase it. So this is called marketing. So the same thing comes to this, the more money you invest, the more sales you will get. Now let's talk about the minimum brother, tell me about the minimum, from where can it start. So look, Facebook works on CPM. If you want to go for the long term then I say that Facebook is the best. And if you want to get quick results then you can go to TikTok. And there you get less CPC also. Ok? Your expenses will also be less. Approximately, if I talk about the agency we work with, you can start with a minimum of $50. Next in our ongoing series, I'll talk about what the $50 scene is. Ok? But I have given you an estimate. But if I talk about Facebook, then you can start your work by investing a budget of Rs 15,000 on a daily basis. So, I have just compared three things and shown you which things are better in which one? Whatever is there in some is not better. Now let's talk about what is that thing for me, what does my experience say? Why should I tell you what to do and what not to do? You have to listen carefully to what I am saying. First of all, if the cost of your product is less than Rs 5000 then you have to go to TikTok. And if the cost of your product is more than Rs 5000. Now I will give an example. If you are selling beauty products, be it cream or makeup kit. It means whatever it is. Ok? If its price is less than Rs 5000 then you have to go to TikTok. Why? There is a lot of scrolling on that. So the chances of your order coming will increase. Ok? And you will get to see a good sale that yes brother, it is okay, I have run the ad. I am getting results. But if your product is worth more than Rs 5000. Now what am I talking about? I will also tell you which product I am talking about. Many people sell furniture. These equipments have become the treadmill of fitness. Ok ? For gyms, that means anything that sells big machines. Ok? Whatever they have should be known on Facebook. If he has sold an equipment, then by retargeting again, ads for other equipment can be shown. So going there is better for those who sell products of high ticket value. But if your product is normal. Ok? There is jewellery and cosmetics. Ok? It is about clothing. So you should choose TikTok because it is a better platform. Gives good response. Gives quick response. The educated audience is available there. So this was a short video. I hope you guys have understood this comparison. You must have liked the end video. If you like the video then please like the video. If you haven't done it already, then what are you doing, friend? I mean, what are you doing, friend? Subscribe to the channel.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Ptl-abhi17kp [1 likes]: Me aap ka old subscriber hu plz 
Free fire penal kaise le free me
  2. @Ptl-abhi17kp [1 likes]: Free fire penal kaise le free me
  3. @Ptl-abhi17kp [1 likes]: Free fire penal kaise le free me
  4. @ZaidKhan-kc3te: LOW budget ki liye konsi sahi hai bhai ❤
  5. @UswahIslamicSchool786: Good
  6. @LGALPHA.99: Bhai free fire hack ki nai video bna do pls
  7. @rajendragaikwad246: Termux error invalid opration updeta 🧐
  8. @rajendragaikwad246: Termux error invalid opration updeta🧐
  9. @FreefireGaming-c9p: तो पाकिस्तान
  10. @A_ashik75: How can I hack Facebook ID? Brother, give me a new method

- How To Fix The Facebook Ads Not Delivering Problem (2026) (New Method): Kind: captions Language: en This is how you're going to fix Facebook ads not delivering problem. So if your ads aren't running, it's usually a small setting that needs to be toggled. So here are the steps. So check if your payment method is active and has enough funds. So you can do that by click by heading over to the Facebook u meta or the Facebook itself. U make sure that you're logged into your business. And then from here you can check you can click on the ads manager. Now from here you're just going to check if your funds. And then you're also going to check the ad status. Now you're just going to click um you're going to see if it's rejected. You're going to click on see details to fix the image or text. Now you're going to ensure that your audience isn't too small because if it is it um you just have to remove some filters to reach more people. Now you're also going to check your daily budget. If it's too low, Facebook might not bid for space. And that is how you're going to fix the Facebook ads not delivering problem. So, as you can see here, I can see my summary and then you will be able to see how many reach post engagements and all the details right here. And that's it. That is how you're going to fix the Facebook ads not delivering problem. If this video helped you, please don't forget to like the video and subscribe to the channel for more videos like

  Top Comments:
  1. @josephmburu6686: Useless video

- How To Fix Facebook Ads Billing Issue (2026) (New Update): Kind: captions Language: en Hello. Today we will guide you through how to fix Facebook ads billing issue. Let's walk through the process together so you can get your ads running again quickly and confidently. First, open your browser and go to Meta Business Suite. This is the central hub where you manage your Facebook assets, including ads and billing. Make sure you're signed in to the correct profile and working inside the right business. If you have access to multiple businesses or ad accounts, double check you're in the one that's having the billing problem. From here, open ads manager. This is where your campaigns, budgets, and account settings live. If you manage more than one account, select the affected account so the billing tools load the correct details. Give the page a moment to fully load. Next, head to billing and payments. This area shows your recent charges, invoices, and any outstanding balances or declined payments. If you see alerts or error messages, note the dates and amounts. These clues help confirm whether the issue is a car detail mismatch, an expired method, or a temporary bank decline. Now, click payment settings in the top right corner. This is where you manage your payment methods and the accounts billing configuration. Look over the primary payment method and any backups. If the card on file is expired, close to expiring, or recently replaced, that can cause an immediate decline. Carefully review your card details. Ensure the card holder name, expiration date, and billing address exactly match what your bank has on file, including the postal code. Even small differences can trigger a failure. Confirm the currency and country settings are correct for your business. If your bank has security measures, the card must allow online and in some cases, international charges. If anything looks outdated or incorrect, re-enter the information or remove the old card and add it again. When you add a new method, save it and set it as the primary so future charges use the updated details. Once you've saved your changes, return to billing and payments to monitor the status. Facebook typically retries a declined charge automatically after you fix the payment method. Give it a few minutes, then refresh the page to see if the issue clears. If you still see a decline, verify with your bank that the card is open to online advertising charges and that there are no temporary holds. That's it. By going to Meta Business Suite, opening Ads Manager, checking billing and payments, reviewing payment settings, and re-entering or readding your card, you'll resolve most Facebook ads billing issues smoothly.

- How to Fix Facebook Ads Not Delivering Problem [Full Guide 2026]: Kind: captions Language: en In today's video, I'm going to teach you how to fix Facebook ads not delivering problem. 5 minutes. If your Facebook ads aren't delivering, the fastest way to diagnose the issue is right inside Ads Manager. Start by searching for Facebook Ads Manager in your browser and open the official page. On that page, click go to Ads Manager. If you're prompted to sign in, simply log into your account and you'll be taken into the dashboard. Once you're in, head to the campaigns view so you can see all your campaigns in one place. Here's where the key check happens. Look for the delivery column. This column shows the live status across your campaigns, ad sets, and individual ads. So, you can instantly see what's running and what isn't. If you don't see it, scroll horizontally or adjust your columns until delivery is visible. Now, let's interpret what you see. If the delivery status says pending, that typically means one of three things. The item is still a draft and hasn't been published. It's under review by Facebook systems, or it's scheduled to start at a later time. Pending isn't an error. It just indicates the ad isn't eligible to serve yet. If it's under review, it usually resolves on its own. If it's scheduled, it will start delivering once the start time arrives. And if you realize something is still a draft, make sure it's fully set up and published so it can move forward. If the status shows off, the item is not serving. This can happen if someone manually paused the campaign ad set or ad or if an automated rule turned it off based on conditions you set earlier such as budget, frequency or performance thresholds. Off doesn't mean broken, it means paused. In many cases, hovering over the status will tell you why it's off or which rule paused it, so you can confirm whether that behavior is expected. As a best practice, always check the delivery column first whenever you notice spend has stopped or impressions have dropped. It's the quickest snapshot to determine whether you're waiting on approval, you've scheduled a later start, or something has been intentionally paused manually or by automation. From there, you can make informed decisions about timing, publishing, or reviewing your rules without guesswork. That's it. Open Ads Manager, go to the campaigns dashboard, and read the delivery column to pinpoint why your ads aren't delivering. Thanks for watching and I'll see you in the next

  Top Comments:
  1. @Zarafini: Thanks a bunch
  2. @GuaranteedPPC: One really good hack is to recreate the AD.  We do this all the time ourselves.

- How to Fix Facebook Ads not Delivering Problem (2026 Guide): Kind: captions Language: en In today's video, I'm going to teach you how to fix Facebook ads not delivering problem. If your ads aren't serving impressions, don't panic. This is a common issue and it's usually tied to setup. Errors flagged in Ads Manager or billing. We'll walk through exactly what to check and why it matters so you can get your campaigns moving again. Start by opening Facebook Ads Manager and confirming that everything is actually turned on. You want the campaign, the ad set, and the ad all switched to active. If even one of these is off, delivery stops. It sounds basic, but this catches a lot of stalled ads. Next, click directly into the campaign name to see detailed messages. This is the fastest way to find the real cause. Watch for red or yellow alerts and read the instructions carefully. Common notices include things like an ad not approved, a missing payment method, an audience that's too small, or learning limited. Treat these flags as a to-do list and resolve them one by one. Then head to the ad level and check the review status. If it says in review, give it some time. If it's rejected, edit your copy, creative, or destination so it follows Facebook's advertising policies. and then resubmit. Small tweaks like softening claims or removing restricted content often clear approvals quickly. Now, review budget and schedule. Make sure you've set either a daily or lifetime budget. Confirm your start and end dates and check that the campaign hasn't expired. Extremely low budgets can throttle delivery. So, choose an amount that can generate consistent impressions and clicks each day. Look at your audience size. If you've stacked too many interests, demographics, or exclusions, you might have made the audience too narrow. Broaden it by removing tight filters or expanding locations, ages, or interests until the estimated size looks healthy. The system needs enough people to find the right viewers. Move to payments and billing. In Ads Manager, open billing and payments to see if a charge failed or there's an outstanding balance. Update or add a valid payment method and retry the payment. If you manage ads for a business, notify the account owner so they can fix the card on file. Also, check the account spending limit in billing settings. If you've hit that cap, delivery pauses automatically. Increase or remove the limit if appropriate. Finally, give it a little time. New ads can take anywhere from 30 minutes to a few hours to start. Refresh Ads Manager periodically and avoid constant edits, which can reset learning and delay delivery. Remember, always click into the campaign details first. Facebook usually tells you exactly why an ad isn't delivering. To recap, confirm statuses are on, fix campaign errors, clear policy issues, double checkck budget schedule and wins and audience size, and resolve any billing or spending limits. Most delivery problems are quick wins once you know where to