- Meta Ads Andromeda Best Practices for 2026: Kind: captions Language: en Today we're talking to Beia Funik, our head of e-commerce at the agency V8 Media. Beia, welcome Brew. >> Thank you. It has been a while. >> It has been a minute actually. So today we're going to talk a little bit about Andromeda, which is Meta Ads's biggest update yet. So if you're running paid ads on a platform like Meta, which is Facebook and Instagram, then you want to pay attention to this conversation. And to be frank, I'm so far away from the paid ad side that when I heard the name Andromeda and this update, I was like, when you explain it to me, my thoughts were, but this has been happening for a while. It's not like it's this complete overnight shift. However, I do understand that there are things that have changed in the last month or two. So, maybe let's talk a little bit about what Andromeda is exactly and how is it impacting people who's advertising on Meta. >> Basically, you're right. Meta released this in December 2024 and it actually only hit all advertisers in July 2025. So that's why it's kind of been there and some advertisers have been using it already and and following the Andromeda strategy, but it actually only hit all advertisers July 2025. And basically what it is, the biggest thing that it's impacting for advertisers are the creative side of things. The fact that creatives are becoming more and more and more and more important. And obviously we've been knowing this. We we know that creative is important. A good hook is important. But the main difference is with Andromeda, Meta wants you to create more ads. So five times more ads in the ad level creative wise. So instead of just having a one video with one hook and you find that is a winning hook and maybe you want to scale that specific creative, you may for example change the background. You may change a slight thing in the creative but keep everything else kind of the same. the concept and everything. Metal is now saying no, they want more different type of variation creatives. >> Okay. So, just to pause you there for a second, back in the day, which probably like a year ago, I mean, we were still testing creatives in the sense of this hook is working. Let's use that hook and maybe in a different scenario or let's use this scenario but three different hooks. Are you saying that that is not as effective anymore? What do you mean with they want more and they want completely different? So the basic summary is that duplicates don't equal variety. So they want a different variety of creatives with different hooks, different people in the creative, different backgrounds, different styles. And the reason for that is because everything moved to broad targeting, right? So targeting has been completely removed. And with Andromeda specifically, they want you to add no targeting. I mean, if you want to really only target women, do women, but keep it completely broad in terms of interest and other demographics. Just keep it broad using Advantage Plus campaigns. Your ad level will do the targeting for you. The ads that you add in there will do the targeting for you. Now, if you think about this, let's say your ads targeting 50 million people. Your different hooks that you've added in there are now really going to find all those segments and pockets within the 50 million people that you're targeting and showing exactly the correct hook, correct background, correct, you know, any like style, lifestyle image or whatever type of content it is. It's showing that to the exact perfect people that you want your ad to be shown to. >> So, am I correct in saying that the traditional interest targeting that has been fading away? Occasionally it still works for some brands. However, it's definitely been more creative driven >> over the last year or two. Are you saying now that we're at a point where the creative itself does the targeting? So, the word that you use in the video cuz the AI can transcribe that and that gives it context to who the product and the creative and the content is actually for. Mhm. >> And then you're saying if they seeing that there's a female and people using a product, the AI would pick that up and the AI would then go and find females who potentially would be a fit for that product based on the copy that you've used in the ad, based on the text hook, potentially based on the type of video it is, based on the actual transcript of the video itself. So all of those assets or all of those elements is allowing the AI to understand what you're actually trying to sell and then the AI uses that in order to go and find the people who would be a fit for that product. Is that what I'm hearing you say? >> Exactly. I mean Meta's algorithm hasn't changed. So if you give Meta all these different variety hooks, creatives, backgrounds, lifestyle images, formats, everything, then Meta will take all of them and push out the ones in terms of amounts spent, the ones that it favors in terms of amount spent. And that's why it's so important with Andromeda to go on a daily, every second day, daily basis, you have to go in and turn off the ads that's not spending. >> I like to understand the motives behind these changes, right? If I was meta, I want to ask myself first, why is this change applicable? Why did we change this? I think it's important to understand that because the more you understand their motives, the more you can start to predict where things are going to go. >> So, if I was Meta and most of my money, most of my revenue comes from advertisers, it's in my best interest to ensure that I make it easier for people to advertise. If you can make it easier for people to advertise, there's a good chance more people will try and advertise. However, being able to advertise doesn't mean that you're going to succeed. So, what I'm thinking is, is Meta playing this game? Because if they allow the AI to help them find the right audience for that product, and if they use the actual creative as the origin point that allows the AI to understand who the product is for, then there's less technical understanding that's needed from an advertiser or a business owner or a marketer in order to actually see success on the platform. Now there's still a lot of things that goes into creating a successful campaign and scaling a campaign and making sure it's profitable and someone still needs to check that data and understand that data etc. But is it safe to assume from your point of view as well? Like I'm quite curious like if I was meta, it makes so much sense why they would do it because you now empowering business owners, more business owners can advertise. And if the AI is doing most of the heavy lifting, you're making it easier for that business owners to actually make money back on the platform. And if that business owner makes money back on the platform, guess what? They're going to spend more money. The motives are clear, I'd like to assume. Now the question is how do we actually leverage this if we wanted to increase the probability of seeing a success as small business owners. So let's maybe walk through how you would consult someone in order to create a piece of creative so that they can see the best probable success on the platform >> because everything is moving to creative and literally and I just want to add to that section as well like middleunnel, top funnel, bottom funnel those funnels fell away. You literally only have one campaign, one ad set, 10 to 50 ads on the ad level. Now the reason why I also believe that meta is doing that. Yes. To make it easier for advertisers to just hand over to the algorithm. But I think the most important thing is like we need to understand that we are not smarter than AI. We think that this interest audience is the actual perfect audience that's going to buy my product. But that's because we like I mean it common sense. It's common sense. But Meta wants us to completely hand over that control to them so that the AI, the algorithm can take your creative and show that based on the creative to the ideal person. And it's it's that's why the variety is so important because you need to have more than one type of creative so that it can find all these different uh customers in your pool of audience, different pockets. We are now going around testing a few tools that could help us identify why something's working and then take that and create a different variety of that not a duplicate just a hook change just a background change. So we are for example looking at tools like motion creative AI where it gives you literal insights of why this creative is working and what you can do to create more ads but a different variety targeting different pockets of your audiences. So we are also trying to you know make sure that we can find that insights from tools that could assist us in knowing what might work and what not. And I think the best thing to do is on a weekly basis go in launch 10 to 20 ads how many ever creatives you can pump out. I mean that's all going to depend on your creative design team but launch about let's say 20 ads per week. And then make sure that you check the stats and make sure that you look at the data because that's where AI can't do anything. You need to physically log in and look at the data and see, okay, this ad is not spending. All the other ads are spending budget. Clearly, Meta is not pushing this ad out, which means that there's no people in that pocket. This ad is not directed to a specific target audience or pool of people. So, it's basically not working. So, it tells you this is not working. Turn it off. Replace it with another angle. >> So, let's do a hypothetical example. Let's say I'm a beauty business. I've got a beauty product and I've never advertised on Meta before. Now knowing what we know, how would we consult or how would we give that business owner advice on what kind of content to go and create? >> First off, I would say I mean obviously you've got your brand information and you've got your who you believe your product would sell to. So I would say start with that. It all depends if you haven't run any ads before. You're brand new. Go and create 10 different pieces of content. And I would make it different formats. So that could be a video ad, a static ad, a GIF, and then formats within meta which is carousels, stills, cataloges, all those things. Create creatives for those different formats until you can identify that, okay, this is the format that's working. Now let's create different varieties of the video format. That's the one that's working and it's a UGC type of content. This week we're going to pump out 10 different UGC type of videos. Cool. Then we go and monitor. Like I said, go in, monitor, see which ads are not spending budget. See which ones you can clearly see as not gaining traction at all. You know, low uh CTR is all those things, low spends. Kill that one off and again create another one of that because you could maybe see that all these other formats are performing and you know, return on ad spend is there, cost per purchase is low. Let's continue creating more of the same format for example, but different varieties. So it's really really just a game a matter of every two weeks if you can go in pump out a ton of creatives and just monitor the results >> see what's happening. So you mentioned different types of content you mentioned video carousel static images gifs catalog ads etc. You mentioned now if example UGC is working double down on that do more of that essentially do you do that under the same campaign or new campaigns >> same campaign all of our campaigns. Do you then just literally go and pause all the that's not working and just do more in the same campaign? >> Same campaign, same adset. So it's everything happens on the ad level. >> Okay, cuz traditionally we would want to do it in a new campaign. So why do we keep it in the same >> not to mess with the algorithm or the traction of the campaign. So that's why they also suggest if you do big dumps of creatives, try and do it every second week and not like on a every 3 days >> cuz then you're not giving the algorithm enough time to actually get an understanding of whether it's working or not. >> Yeah. Also, not to mess with any traction. So it's like rather give it 2 weeks and then just pump out one like massive batch of creatives every two weeks, two to 3 weeks. But the monitoring of turning off under spending ads is important. That can happen on a daily, second, every second day basis. >> So let's say I've got seven ads running. Two of them are crushing it. Two of them are average and three of them are terrible. What would you do? You'd obviously pause the three that's terrible. What do we do with the ones that are average? >> So you would ideally want to have first of all more than seven ads on the ad level. So, it's actually suggesting obviously depending on your budget, but 10 to 50 ads on the ad level. >> Is that what it's suggesting now? >> Suggesting 10 to 50 ads on the ad level. Again, some business owners or advertisers don't have that budget. Maybe if you have a even bigger budget, you could do 70 creatives on the ad level. That's the first thing >> I think just to make it a bit more tangible, most people spend between 300 and 500 a day. I think most of the businesses that we work with, well, that we at least speak to on a daily basis, but obviously clients spend a lot more than that. But let's say you're spending like the average business spending 10K to 20K a month. How many creatives would you then need on an adset? >> So for the brands that we've now, you know, we've also kind of almost recently started implementing and testing it out on our accounts in South Africa because you don't know if it's maybe different here or slightly different based on the economy or whatever. But in the most accounts that we have now that's spending around that budget, we've got about 12 to 16 creative ads on the creative level. And again, the great thing about that is you only have one budget and you're giving meta that control to distribute the budget to the ad that's performing. So to answer your question, for the average ones, that's why you would want more creatives at a time or ads at a time with different creatives so that you can kill off the underpinning or low performing ones as well as again you need to monitor the results. But the average ones I would also say like push all the budget during that time to the top performing ones because you would at least have about five four or five top performing ads. So that would be the suggestion is like make sure to do that and then make sure to have your creatives ready for your next big batch of creatives that you're going to push. >> So 10 ads, four of them, let's say two or three of them are working, two or three of them are average and two, three or four of them are terrible. We pause the ones that are terrible. The average ones we probably pause as well and see who's we want to run a little bit longer to see what happens. The top three we keep or the top four we keep. And then in that same campaign you just start dumping new ads. >> Yeah, exactly. My biggest scare is that you mess up the algorithm because you're giving it new ads. What if it for some reason that new ads actually mess up everything that you've built up until now? Like is that a possibility? We don't know. >> We don't know yet. But I mean, like I said, since we've implemented this strategically, monitoring the results on most of our accounts now, you can see that it's working and it's performing better. I actually have like a few case studies to show the difference in the Andromeda campaign singular compared to top middle bottom funnel campaign ads that actually was performing quite well we thought but the Andromeda campaign completely performed like way better. >> Can you give me some examples? >> Yeah. So I mean I've got an example here. We are comparing four different campaigns. Bottom funnel, middleunnel, top of funnel. Obviously top of funnel is more advantage plus in any ways broad. So it's following that at least still. And I can also see that the amount spent on these four campaigns compared to the one Andromeda campaign is the same. So it's fair comparison. And we could see that the cost per purchase went down from 400 rand to 250 rand. >> Damn. >> And return on ad spend was 5.78 and with the Andromeda campaign it's 11.21. And like I said both of them have spent 44 45,000 rand. >> Jeez. Like and what industry is this? >> Clothing and apparel. >> Crazy. Okay. Any other example? This is just a breakdown of the different audiences. You can actually do a breakdown on the adset level of the audiences to see how much budget is meta spending to existing customers, engaged audience and new audience. >> Oh, interesting. Can you change the ratio? >> We thought so. >> Oh, you can't. [snorts] Okay. >> So, in the general normal campaigns that we've set up, we exclude all past purchases. So we literally exclude the entire customer list because we want to have our ads only shown to new customers or at least engaged audience. And in this instance, you could literally see it was an audience set up by us. That's why we try to take the control. We try to exclude all the existing customers. And we can still see here engaged audience. This ad spent 2,600 rand on the engaged audience, but it spent 2,300 rand on existing customers as well. Even though you excluded everyone, >> you tried to take that control, >> said no thank you. >> And the new audience at least it still spent the majority of the budget because that was of course our >> what was that? >> 8,200. >> Okay. So you've got 228. So that's 12K. So it spent about 60% of the budget >> but like that was just a clear indication to us to be like listen we're trying to take so much control. We literally asked it to not spend budget on existing customers and it still did. >> Now Andromeda is it a setting? How does someone know when they're following the Andromeda framework? >> Following the Andromeda framework, there's no on and off button for that. But it's important to know that your setup needs to be correct to for it to be an Andromeda strategy campaign. So the first thing would be advantage plus campaign. So that is basically the three things that's important there to have turned on for an advantage plus to make it follow the Andromeda route is >> is budget. So it needs to be campaign budget. The second thing is placement. So automatic placements or advantage plus place placement giving meta the control of where to show your ads and which placements. And then the third one is audience all need to be advantage plus settings. So that's the first step. Make sure that your campaign is an advantage plus fully advantage plus campaign. >> And then the second step is make sure that you don't add any audiences interests any targeting nothing in the adset level. >> Keep it broad and then go down to your ad level. in your ad level, you need to see 10 to 50 creatives, different ads in the ad level. So that's why we've also kind of moved away from flexible ads, which was previously dynamic ads, where you were able to just dump in 10 different creatives in there and again give the algorithm the chance to show whichever creative goes with whichever copy that again now we we're going away from that. >> Yeah, it's so interesting because Advantage Plus kind of started all of this, right? I think Advantage Plus was like the phase one of the Andromeda update and then flexible ads was phase two. >> You can see how they've been releasing this in stages. You can always connect the dots looking back. So now the question is what are they going to do next? >> No, good question. >> Anyway, that's a question for another day. But I think just to summarize what we've discussed today, can you do a 30 to 60 second summary of just a drama what it is and how people can leverage it in their businesses as we round off? >> Yeah. So, Andromeda is ad retrieval. It's focused on creative more than anything else. Now, more than ever, it's becoming more and more important. It's basically targeting on your creative level. So, whatever is in your creative, that's going to determine your targeting. Top, middle, bottom funnel is falling away in terms of different campaign structures. It's just one campaign, one ad set, 10 to 50 different ads on the ad level. And again, you need to be strategic. You can't just publish any creative and think it's, oh, this is going to work cuz I've got 50 creatives in here. You still need to be strategic. You still need to monitor your stats and and performance every single day to ensure that you are not wasting budget on low performing campaigns or ads. And yeah, I think business owners if they want to start with this, get yourself a designer that can pump out these creatives quicker so that you are able to test quicker and make sure that you can pump out this amount of creatives in a month. So, what I'm hearing you say is that business owners just have to become more content focused in general because that helps with organic, it helps with paid ads and we don't have a choice anymore. Like, as a business owner, if you want to advertise, you don't have a choice. >> So, if you thought that you had a choice before, you're like, I'm not going to. Well, no, you don't. Like, if you want to succeed, content is at the forefront at the pinnacle of success when it comes to digital paid ads, especially on social media like Meta. So, yeah, good luck because this can get quite intensive, you know, it can get quite costly. So, it's important to find ways to do it. I suppose this is where AI tools are going to come in and and help people publish different types of ads at scale, but that's another conversation for another day because I do think people are starting to question ads going, is this real? >> Because we want real connections. We want authenticity. We want real emotion, not artificial emotion, not artificial solutions, not artificial messages. We want the real thing. We want to see people's lives transforming. So, it's important to focus on selling the transformation and the result. And the more authentic that's going to be, I believe the higher the uptake will be in a world that is filled with artificial crap. Anyway, my two cents. Thank you for your time. >> Cool. Thanks. >> Much love, guys. Cheers. Have a good one. >> Bye.

  Top Comments:
  1. @jordonschultz569 [1 likes]: so are you even saying that we should have no retargeting campaigns? I have a low ticket info product and I get a lot of sales, but I still need to come back around with another campaign to sell the next mid-ticket product. What's the most effective way to do that?
  2. @dineshpatil8506: Really worst advices in this video. Dumping creatives every 2nd week just to see which one works, Well its going to steal the spend from the once which were working before, So its like you are hitting your own legs with hammer. 

Just use flexible ads if "Variations" is much needed. 
Most of the advertisers don't have 70-80 creatives they can dump in.
  3. @hardcorenation-x1x: Да уж, я бы не заказал услуги вашего агенства

- How To Run Meta Ads in 2026 (Andromeda Update): Kind: captions Language: en Andromeda. Andromeda. Andromeda. Andromeda. Andromeda. Andromeda. So in this video, we're going to look at Andromeda. Can you see it? Let me zoom in. Let me zoom. Zoom out. Let me zoom in. Can you see it? Andromeda. So before we jump in, I want to talk about the source of the material that we're going to use in today's video. Right, there are three key sources. Well, there actually four. Source number one is a meta article that was written for the engineering team at Meta. Right now, this article was written by the for the engineering team and most likely by engineers. So we're going to pick out very few things from there. We are not engineers. Well, let me speak for myself. I'm not an engineer and I'm guessing you're not an engineer. So, a lot of the jagons inside that article, we're not going to talk about it, but there are certain key things that I need to reference. Okay, that's source number one. Source number two is there's a newsletter that I normally read at least once or twice every every week and it's called the DTC newsletter, right? If you're in e-commerce space and you sell on platforms like Amazon, you use Shopify very often, you should also look at signing up. Again, they're not sponsoring this. It's just something that I use for my personal time and I think it would help you if you have an e-commerce business. Okay, that aside, number three, my head. I have accumulated all this amazing data and I've let's say mashed it up together to bring a simplified version that should make sense to you in this particular video. That's number three. Number four is my money, my hard earned money. Yes, I've been running ads dur throughout this whole period and let's just say Andromeda has shown me shi as well. So those are the four key sources where I am bringing this information out to you. Now permit me to use chemistry to explain Andromeda to you. In chemistry, there's something called a catalyst. Right? If you're into cars, you would have probably heard about a catalyst in a car as well. Okay? Now, the whole point of a catalyst is to speed up a chemical process. So if you're trying to go from point A to point B when you add a catalyst into the mix, it speeds up that process. Okay, how does this concern Andromeda? Now Andromeda is Meta's new ad algorithm system. With Andromeda, your ads are shown to your target customers much more faster than before, right? Why is this possible? is because they have made certain changes within their own platform that is meta. Mark and his boys that have to do with Nvidia chips and all those kind of things that make that whole retriever well ad retrieval process much more personal. Basically what that means is when you put your video or your design or your creative into the ads manager platform that Andromeda algorithm is able to then take that your video or take that your picture and then connect it to the people that would find it relevant to them. Right? And it depends on your campaign objective. If you want those people to take a desired action to purchase, you want them to like a video, you want them to share with a friend, whatever it might be. Andromeda is the catalyst now that speeds up that process. So something will take metal let's say two maybe 2 days or 3 days to identify okay you know what this is working for this person this is not working for this person with andromeda they can do that in hours even seconds. So how exactly is this Andromeda different from what existed in the past right now when you are trying to set up your ad you can add things like targeting. So you can add the demographics, you can add the interest, you can add location, you can add those kind of things. You can give it a targeting criteria that you know what these are the people I want you to target. Go and target them for me. With the Andromeda update, the algorithm that has been put in place and the amazing software, technology, whatever it is you want to call it, that Nvidia have given them access to is now able to just look at your creative. So that your picture that your video that your carousel is able to just look at that particular creative and know that okay this is for Lagbaja this is for Ron this is for Hale Lima this is for Chiaaka that sort of thing that's how andromeda is different from what used to exist before all right so now you know what andromeda is you know why it is different from what was existing before all these amazing things now how do you use it the right way even though I told you in the last point that oh the targeting is done through the creative. That doesn't mean that you shouldn't add any targeting. I'm of the very strong opinion that no matter how this algorithm or update was created, it was first created for a western world first. Mag Zuckerberg would never understand Nigerians better than we Nigerians understand ourselves. That sort of thing. Now, as the algorithm improves, obviously, it will be able to understand my custom audience or my audience, my target customers better. What I mean by this is still add your own custom targeting, especially if you're not spending a lot of money in your budget. What demographic are you targeting? Are you targeting mostly women? Put it in there. What age do these women fall under? Put it in there. What kind of interest do these women have? Now, when it comes to interest, ideally give it between 12 and 15. That's the sweet spot I use. When it changes, I'll let you know. But what I've understood is you can't just leave it to go broad. Because when it goes broad, you know what happens? You begin to get people asking you dumb questions about the product that you're selling. And no offense to those people, but they're just not the word is problem aware. They're not problem aware. So you don't want to go through the process of telling them, oh, this is why you need my product. This is how my product helps people. Mm- You want metal to find those key people for you. So that's why you want to also, you know, put some form of targeting. That's number one. Number two, let's imagine there are two different businesses that both sell phone. Mr. A and Mr. B. Well, Mr. V, actually, [snorts] if you know, you know Mr. V, Mr. A, sorry, Mr. A and Mr. B, right? They both sell phones. Let's just imagine Mr. A. Mr. A, not Mr. V, Mr. A. when he was setting up his ads manager, he had maybe seven to 12 different creatives that he put into the into the new ads manager when he was setting up an ad. And Mr. B just put in one creative. And when I say one creative, I'm talking about one ad. It could be a video, it could be a static image, it could be a carousel. Okay? So, you have your creatives. Put as much creatives as you can. Even before Andromeda, I'd always told you guys on this particular YouTube channel that you want to make sure that your v your your ads are at least three different creatives. You have the static image, you have the video, and you have the carousel. Andromeda has come and Andromeda needs more creatives. So, I think it was the um engineering article that said that the system is able to even handle over 15 million ad creatives in a month. You and I do not have up to 15 million ad creatives and the system can handle more than that. So what's your excuse? The more creatives you put into the system, the better the algorithm will work in your advantage. In the past, what would happen is the money will not be spent. If the ad if the ad you are using the ad creative is crap, meta will not spend the money. It will show you learning limited and it will ask you to up your budget because it has tried it best but the creative service is not working. this time around the Andromeda it will still spend the money cuz the system can push the creative it can force it right and this is what I've noticed so please spend some time have your creative assets and leverage it nowadays you would have to use more static images and AI is your friend there's image FX there's charg there's nano banana there see guys there are so many different AI tools you can begin to use to create good creatives good ad creatives for your Okay. So, you actually want to have a minimum of six different creatives. And when I say different, I mean guys extremely different. Okay. So, if creative number one is talking about how great your product is, let creative number two talk about the testimonials from different people. Let creative number three talk about um the different use case scenarios where your product is being used. Let creative number four talk about the problem around the product that you this problem h the solution around the problem that your product solves. Right? That was a tongue twister but that's these are how you find different creatives. You want to have a minimum of six different creatives that go go down this road. So to make your life easier you can say oh let me have two static images that talk about this two carousels that talk about this and two videos that talk about this. Ideally, if you can afford it, you want to have at least six different videos that talk about different things, right? Six different videos that talk about different things and then six different creat um static images and then six different carousels. Just imagine how amazing your what's it called? Your ads will be firing, right? Just imagine. Okay? And the reason why I'm saying this is it's it's the way this Andromeda setup is. The advantage is it's like a salesunnel. The more ads you give it, the better that sales funnel would run. And what I mean by that is Andromeda already has the capacity to handle millions of ads a month. And its job is very simple. If it shows customer, hey, this creative today and then tomorrow it shows it. It shows it another creative tomorrow and then after tomorrow after so on day three it shows that same customer a different creative. So that's just three different creatives and that customer purchases by day three and is going to record it. The algo is going to record it that okay I show them number one on day one number two on day two number three on day three and then they made that purchasing decision. Okay fine let's get to business and it will start firing that same format to all your different potential customers on meta on Instagram Facebook threads wherever they might be. Okay. So that's why you want to load it with those creatives. Let the algorithm decide whether the creatives are crap or not. And the good thing is with the speed at which this Andromeda performs, it will let you know when the creatives are crap or not. The final one is shortcuts. Now when it comes to shortcuts, the short and sweet answer is there is no shortcut. Okay? There is no shortcut. You're going to have to learn, relearn, and continue learning. Right? But I will help you in a sense where with this meta adromeda update the one key thing the most important thing I want you to know here is and I've been saying this such I've been saying this from from eons ago many many lives ago for those of you that have not seen me and this is your first time seeing me click that subscribe button so you see me more often but I've been saying this for a very very long time your creatives your video your static image your carousel that is what is going to make your customers buy from you if you audit your targeting. Oh, to add targeting for no, no, no, no, no. All that is crap. And if you want to learn how to make creatives that actually convert, watch this video next. If you want to ask me any questions, I'll be in the comments. See you guys.

  Top Comments:
  1. @daminiwilliams [4 likes]: Hope you found this video helpful. If you have any comments, feedback or questions - let me know in the comments and i'll respond asap.

Work With Me - https://daminiwilliams.selar.com/
Use Oja Digital For Free - https://ojadigital.com/
  2. @Isholade [2 likes]: Can you create an ads video for us from scratch please on this Andromeda
  3. @dinatudanladi1167 [1 likes]: Thank you for this breakdown, but please how can I set up my ads with andromeda and leads audience directly to my whatsapp group?
  4. @ifeanyifrancis9417 [1 likes]: Thank you for the heads up boss

That catalyst is really a nice thing ❤❤❤

But
These creative thing will be a bit issue, 😕😔 gonna b expensive to source for
  5. @I_am_mercysandra [1 likes]: Thank you 🙏
  6. @shineenobaby21: Thank you very much for this info🎉🎉
  7. @Prime-d2w: You Just gained a subscriber 😭😭
  8. @teleosFola: I love this video. Thank you!!!
  9. @lanrewajuidris3423: Thanks boss ❤
  10. @tekipeps: Me, I'm an Engineer
  11. @Walebravo: I learnt that with the minimum required budget, even with Andromeda you need to limit the number of creatives to three 
Is it true ?
  12. @OpetersDivine: For the interest… do we stack the 12-15?
  13. @judejack3750: I have been waiting on your review
  14. @affiliatemarketing2808: Hello Dami, 

Thank you for the insight, please could more videos around the meta Andromeda, the will help not only for dropshippers, but business owners, affiliate marketer etc. 
Thank you
  15. @josephglory5610: Thank you for being a blessing boss ❤

- Facebook Ads in 2026: NEW Secrets, Tips & Strategies: Kind: captions Language: en Meta ads have changed again. What worked 12 months ago is already becoming outdated. And if you're still relying on old strategies, you're leaving a lot of money on the table. In this video, I'm going to break down a number of Meta ad strategies and techniques that are working really well right now, including what's changed, what's quietly dominating behind the scenes, and how you can use it to scale profitably. Strategy number one is to use value rules. I'm a big fan of value rules because they allow you to have the best of both worlds when it comes to targeting. With value rules, you can influence who Meta puts your ads in front of without having to overly restrict them through hard targeting constraints. So, you can have the best of both worlds. You can have open targeting and the full flexibility that Meta wants to be able to work out exactly who to put your ads in front of, but give it direction towards your most valuable prospects or customers. Let me quickly show you what this looks like. So, I'm here inside an example Meta ad account and get to the value rule section. I come over here and click on advertising settings, then select value rules, and then go ahead and click on create a rule set. Then I need to select my criteria. Many different options here, conversion location, age, gender, etc., etc. Let's say I go with age. I may have analyzed my customer data and worked out that people over 35 are more valuable to my business. Perhaps they are more likely to convert from lead to eventual client. Perhaps they are more likely to stick on my subscription service for longer. Perhaps they are more likely to buy again from my e-commerce store. Different use cases for different businesses. So, let's say I've identified the demo valuable to my business, select all the age ranges above 35, and then I select by how much I want to increase my bid. Let's say I've worked out those people are 30% more valuable than others. I can go ahead and add in 30 in here, give the rule a name, go ahead and click next, give the rule set a name, 35 plus, click create. I can now add that into my campaigns, add that into my ad set, and Meta will continue to advertise to people that are both over 35 and under 35, but it is going to favor the people that are over 35, be willing to pay more in the auction to reach those people because we've told Meta they're more valuable to my business. So like I said at the beginning, a great way to have the best of both worlds when it comes to targeting, you don't need to have this trade-off between hard constraints but small audience versus open targeting, you can go with this option instead. Strategy number two is to define your audience segments. So Meta breaks down the audience that you're reaching into three different segments. You've got new audience, you've got engaged audience, and you've got existing customers. So it's really important to take a few minutes, it doesn't take very long at all, and get for example your customer list uploaded to your Meta ad account and then define in advertising settings that audience being existing customers. You want to do the same with your engaged audience, which is going to be people that are warm, they've interacted with your business before, but they haven't actually bought. So this could be website visitors, people on your email list but not your customer list, people who've engaged with you across the Meta apps. You can very quickly and easily do this in advertising settings. If we jump back to advertising settings, we've got here in this example ad account these already defined. We've got engaged audience for example, which we defined as our all website visitors 180, and we've got existing customers, we've got an example customer list uploaded. I've separate videos going into more details about how to do that, how to set it up, but really valuable to do because it allows Meta to better allocate budget across cold, warm, and hot audience, which is what these three categories are. You are also able to see in breakdown data when you're looking at your results at your campaign, ad set, or even ad level the split of spend but also where your results are coming from. How many of our purchases are coming from existing customers versus from new audience? What's the cost per purchase look like across those audience? You can do the same with with cost per lead. Takes a few minutes, well worth doing. Number three is to produce way more ad creative. We now aim for 20 different ad creatives per ad set. We used to be limited to six, that's what Meta used to recommend, but post Andromeda things have really changed. Meta is now prioritizing creative diversity. They want lots of different ad creative in the same ad set because it allows them to do a few different things. Firstly, it allows them to personalize ad delivery. So, they're not going to put the same ads in front of everyone. They're not going to work out from your six ads previously, "This is the best performer. Let's put that in front of everyone." Instead, they're going to work out, "This person's probably going to be more interested in this ad, but this person's probably going to be more interested in this ad." Meta obviously has the data to be able to make those calculations, and that's what the Andromeda update is going to help with. So, the more diversity you have amongst your ad creative, so different formats, different styles, different looks, the more you're going to be able to benefit from that. Also, it really helps with ad fatigue. The more creative diversity you have and the more different ads you have in an ad set, the longer it will take for them to fatigue. If someone sees the same ad seven or eight times, even in a two- or three-day period, they might get pretty bored of it. I've seen that. Yeah, get it. Whatever. But, if you've got lots of different ads and Meta is showing one ad in the morning, a different ad in the afternoon, different ad the next morning, etc. to that that one individual, it's going to take much longer before they become bored of it. You get past the I've seen this before, therefore I can scroll on filter much quicker. So, really important to produce extra ad creative. How do you go about doing that? Well, firstly, embrace different formats. Doesn't all have to be video. Video is the best performing ad format for most advertisers, but we want to make sure we've got a range of formats live at any one time. Different people interested in different formats is part of the reason, but also it's much quicker and easier to create lots of say image variations than it is to create lots of extra videos. That's the first thing. Secondly, embrace Meta's variation options. So, when you're uploading your imagery to the ad platform, you go through the creative setup process, Meta is often going to use AI to suggest variations of that image. By all means, take advantage of those. And you can use external tools that use AI to help you with this, too. One of the biggest reasons small budgets fail on Meta isn't targeting, it's the creatives. Because testing properly requires variations and variations cost money. A single UGC video from a creator, hundreds if not thousands of dollars. An agency to consistently produce and test new creatives, thousands if not tens of thousands dollars per month. And that's before you even know if the ads convert. If you're working with a small budget, that math just doesn't work. Hollow flips that part of the equation. You just paste in only your website URL and it analyzes your brand voice, positioning, and visuals. Then generates ready to publish ads, social posts, and email campaigns. But what makes this powerful for small budgets is the variations. Instead of giving you one creative, it can generate batches of different hooks, angles, formats, and layouts in seconds. You can tweak the size, swap visuals, adjust colors, change the messaging, translate it into another language, or even turn a static image into a video without starting from scratch each time. No prompts, no Canva marathons, no waiting weeks on freelancers. And here's why this matters for small budget advertisers. Meta rewards iteration. The people who win aren't always the ones spending the most, they're the ones testing the most. If you can create 10 to 20 creative variations quickly without spending thousands on production, you suddenly have leverage. Instead of spending your budget on creative production, you can spend it on actual ad testing. What used to take hours or cost thousands now takes minutes. For solo founders and small teams, that removes the biggest bottleneck in Facebook ads, producing enough creatives to find a winner. If creative costs have been holding you back from testing properly, Hollow is definitely worth looking at. There is a link in the description and a discount code if you want to try it. Strategy number four is to use partnership ads. Now, this is linked to the previous point I made around creating more ad creative. Partnership ads will certainly help you do that. Just to quickly explain what they are, partnership ads are ads that run from both your account and a creator's account. So, you can hire creators, influencers to produce usually video ad creative promoting your products and services. And then when you run them, they will be run from those two accounts, yours and theirs, hence why it's called a partnership ad. It's effectively influencer marketing, but not reliant on the organic distribution of their posts, but you can actually put budget behind it and advertise and run it to their audience. And there's a number of reasons why you might want to do so. Firstly, it's a quick and easy way to produce a lot more ad creative because you're not doing it yourself. Secondly, if you work with the right people and they have influence over your target market, they have scroll-stopping power. People are more likely to pay attention, so your hook rate improves. That's a big deal. That should not be underestimated. Thirdly, their recommendation carries weight. So, when they say you should go and buy this product or service, if it's someone that is respected in your space, people are more likely to do it as opposed to that recommendation coming from someone they don't know or from someone within your company. Fourthly, partnership ads can really help you build a brand over time because if you work with creators over an extended period of time, the creators that you work with, people will start to associate with your business and your business will take on the values and the things that people think about those creators. Means you need to pick well in the first place, but it can be a great way to build a brand. Also, when you're working with influencers creators, they're normally pretty good at producing creative assets, otherwise they wouldn't have become an influencer or creator in the first place. So, it's a great way to get really high-quality ad creative that a lot of businesses just aren't capable of producing themselves. Now, of course, it costs money to go out and hire these people, but if you choose right, you are more than likely going to recoup the cost pretty quickly in terms of increased ad efficiency. If you take 10% of your advertising budget, for example, and pay that to creators, but that creator makes your ad campaign 40% more effective, that's a great trade. You should do that every time. And I see that come up again and again. And Meta have a really simple free tool that you can use to make finding creators to work with, contacting them really easy. So, if I jump back into my example ad account, I'm in campaigns. If I go ahead and click on all tools, and I can come down here to the Creator Marketplace. And then from within here, I can easily find creators to work with. Meta even gives recommendations around the creators most relevant for you. I've created a whole video around the Creator Marketplace, how it works, how to go through it properly. You can find that on my channel, and go ahead and check that out. I just wanted to quickly show you how easy this process can be. Strategy number five is to use the creative testing tool. A lot of advertisers have run into issues post-Andromeda when it comes to testing new ad creative. I've already talked about wanting a lot more ad creative, so we want to test to find out what's working, what's not. A lot of advertisers are running into problems where they upload new ad creative, add that into an existing ad set, and it just gets no ad spend whatsoever, and it feels pointless, like a complete waste of time. The existing best performers just continue to get all the ad spend. So, I've seen advertisers do all sorts of things with like separate campaigns and testing setups. It can get very complicated very quickly. You can end up with fragmented data, not the way to go. Much better to use the creative testing tool. So, let's go back into my example ad account. I don't have any campaigns in here, so let's just quickly create an example campaign. Let's go with a sales campaign. And I'm just going to jump straight to the ad level, which is where you will find the creative testing tool. Then I'm going to scroll down, and it's just here beneath where you add in your ad creative. And if I click on here, I can click on setup test, and you can test two to five different ads simultaneously. You can tell Meta how much of your budget you want to spend on this test, how long you want this test to run, and then what do you want to compare performance? I would absolutely recommend changing from, say, cost per post engagement to something like cost per lead or cost per purchase, or whatever it is that you're actually optimizing for in the campaign. That might mean you need to add in extra time, extra budget to make it work, etc. Click confirm, and then what you do is this will produce five different test ads. You go into each one of those ads, and you add in the different ad creative, and this will do a proper test. Meta will segment out your audience into five different chunks, and make sure they don't overlap so you can properly test to see ad creative A, how does it perform against ad creative B? If you're producing new ad creative and adding them to your campaigns, your existing campaigns, your existing ad set, you can use this to make sure they actually get spend and you find out if they're working or not or whether you just completely wasted your time and potentially money on on getting those things created. So yeah, big fan of the creative testing tool. Not many advertisers know about it, even fewer use it, but I certainly recommend it. Strategy number six is to not use a separate retargeting campaign or even a separate retargeting ad set. Instead, we like to combine the two and run a hybrid so your ads are being delivered to a combination of warm and cold audiences. Why do we do that? Because no matter how you set up your targeting, it is very likely that Meta is going to target a mixture of cold and warm audiences anyway. I talked in a previous point about defining your audience segment and one of the reasons is so that you can go down into the breakdown information and you can break down your results but also your spend by new audience, engaged audience, and existing customers. When you do that in an ad set that is set up to be a retargeting ad set and then you compare the results to an ad set that is set up to be a cold audience ad set, often you will find that the split in terms of spend between new audience, engaged audience, and existing customers is exactly the same. And why does Meta do this? Because most of your targeting inputs are suggestions. When you set up an ad set to be a warm audience ad set, you add in your warm audiences, your custom audiences as targeting, but you do so as a suggestion in the suggested audience section as opposed to within the controls within the hard targeting constraints. So Meta has the flexibility to target other people. If you're targeting more open, more cold audiences, Meta is absolutely going to find your warm audiences. Those are the people that are most likely to engage with your ads. Those are the people that Meta will quickly identify as most likely to purchase, become a lead, whatever it is you're optimizing for, and that is going to put ads in front of them. So, if the two different campaigns or two different ad sets, one one one cold, are going to be the same from a distribution standpoint anyway, you might as well combine them so that you don't have fragmented data. We consolidate that data. One ad campaign producing 50 conversions a week is much better than two ad campaigns producing 25 conversions a week because getting out of the learning phase, you're not being caught in learning limited, Meta has more data to optimize, you have more data as the advertiser to be able to assess things and make optimization decisions. So, we rarely have separate retargeting campaigns. Now, there are circumstances where we do. I've got another video going into more detail on this that you can check out on my channel, but by default, we're not going to retarget separately. Quick one before we continue. If you're running Meta ads and you'd like me to take a look at your actual ad account and tell you what I would change, test, or scale, I've built something called the Ben Heath Inner Circle. Inside, you get direct access to me for less than $60 per live session, where you can join, ask me questions, and even share your ad account for live feedback. And these sessions are scheduled across multiple time zones, so you can join from wherever you are in the world. So, if you're dealing with performance dropping, creatives not working, or you're unsure how to scale, you can bring it to a live session and we'll go through it together. If you want to check it out, there's a link in the video description. Let's get back to the video. Strategy number seven is to focus your initial acquisition on free {slash} inexpensive products or services, or go to the other end of the spectrum and go high price point, premium luxury, high ticket, high touch sales process. I think the mid-range is often the hardest, particularly to scale. It's where most of your competitors are, so it's difficult differentiate just for starters. But, if you just think about the economics of it, if you're offering something free or inexpensive, you want that to be as cheap and as operationally efficient for your business as possible, something that you can give away. It's just not going to be very difficult for you to deliver on that. Or you want to go to the other extreme where you can have all the bells and whistles and all the high touch points in the sales calls and the proposal documents and the follow-up processes. Because when you actually do get a customer, you cover the cost of all that. In the mid-range, you're often high enough price where people want a bit more than something just easy automated, but you don't really make enough money from them to be able to justify an elongated sales process or you know, something really complex. So, the more I've seen businesses that are outliers that really succeed with their meta ads, the more they tend to fall into one end or the other. Like free or really really inexpensive and easy for them to deliver on in the first place what you might call a tripwire. Or, you know, let's do it all. Let's go with the absolute top end of the market. I'll work with just a handful of clients customers. They'll be incredibly valuable. Our return on ad spend on those leads would be unbelievable. Yeah, that seems to be a better approach to go with. And strategy number eight is to embrace WhatsApp and use it as part of your meta marketing funnels. Now, this is going to be location dependent to some extent. In the US, for example, people use WhatsApp a lot less than just about everywhere else in the world. But if your target audience is on WhatsApp regularly, then definitely experiment with a WhatsApp-based sales funnel. I've seen a lot of businesses having success with replacing their traditional processes with a WhatsApp-based funnel instead. So, let's say previously people would click, go through to landing page, book in a call or inquire. They'd then get contacted by the company to arrange a call. A lot of friction, slow process. How much easier is it for your prospect to just click on an ad, go straight into WhatsApp, send a few messages, and those initial messages are all automated, and people are filtered depending on you know, you can find out whether they actually are a qualified lead or not. From then on, you can then progress them to actually communicating with a person. And I think that a lot of prospects prefer that. They're like, "Well, why would I want to book a sales call for 3 days time and then I have to sit on the call and have them pitch me the thing, and then I've got to get the document afterwards, and then I follow up. It's slow, and it's cumbersome, and it's friction, and people are busy. Whereas on WhatsApp, it's like I could just send a few messages back and forth really quickly, find out whether or not I like this product or service, and then go ahead and make a purchasing decision. It also has the advantage that's often quite a bit cheaper for the business to operate than a traditional say lead sales call funnel structure. In a market like the UK at the moment, you're going to have more success if you're high ticket with this type of thing with WhatsApp as opposed to low ticket, but that doesn't apply worldwide. If you're in India, Brazil, for example, you can sell anything on WhatsApp, low ticket included. So, I would predict that in the next 5 to 10 years, WhatsApp's going to make real inroads into the US market as well, and then this will apply there, too. In the meantime, for everyone else or people who are advertising to people in in other locations, uh definitely something to experiment with. And if you want to know more about how to advertise using WhatsApp, you can check out this video here. In it, I walk through the entire process of creating a click-to-WhatsApp campaign. I also show you some of the other things that you could do as a marketer, things like marketing messages on WhatsApp. Yes, you can send messages to people that have interacted with WhatsApp, which is incredibly powerful in certain circumstances, of course. So, if you haven't already, go ahead and check this out.

  Top Comments:
  1. @gabbeat [2 likes]: When you talk about separating cold and warm audiences, you mentioned it’s normally used as a suggestion in the ad campaigns. But there is still the option of using the old feature and making it a hard restriction for audience (ex. only retargeting) instead of a suggestion.
Knowing that would you still wouldnt split audiences?
Then, how do you control budget allocation to warm vs cold ?
  2. @mykytasoima3065 [2 likes]: Great video, and a great recommendation about value rules! I wanted to ask a question. I’ve noticed that when I upload, for example, 12 static ads targeting different market segments, during the first couple of days they all get at least some impressions. But starting from day three, Meta allocates 99% of the spend to just one creative. Everyone says that diversity will make Meta show each creative to its own relevant audience, but in practice that’s not happening, and it just picks one and gives it all the spend. What would you recommend?
  3. @BenHeath [1 likes]: Get personal Meta Ads feedback from me (live) for less than $60 per session:
👉 https://www.skool.com/benheath/about
Let my agency run your Meta ads for you:
👉 https://heathmedia.co.uk/done-for-you/
  4. @vinedresserlawnandlandscape: For a service business. Would you suggest that we test ads with ABO and, when they scale, put them in an evergreen CBO campaign? Or just run CBO campaigns with one ad set?
  5. @giullianaarias.: super valuable
  6. @johnnydulong-SellHfxRealEstate: I just asked ChatGPT if it could create Ad Creatives for me and it can.  I have not tested this but if it works, big savings.
  7. @condosbysarah: how to disable message template on leads campaign?
  8. @JarnoZhou-q6i: Just curious if it's necessary to do the creative AB testing?
  9. @Haifahusayn: Which tool u were talking about ?
  10. @topchessmoments: For a £200 per day budget, would you split out UK and US audiences?
  11. @Mia_archerron: Great video, Ben, thank you so much! Question: The value rules (the first tip you talk about in the video) is not great to do with a micro budget (20$) per day, correct?
  12. @icegangwatch: My product category is watches, so I'll be using a 1-1-N ad structure. With a daily budget of $100, should my ad creatives use different colors of the same watch, or can I mix and match different styles?
  13. @costo8779: Yo bro hru i’m a beginner is it better to go with videos or static ads?
  14. @tuckertheremedy: Hi Ben, would you recommend separating Catalog ads into their own campaign, since they tend to cannibalize spend when combined into the same campaign as manually created ads?
  15. @crescitaly: The 20 creatives per adset tip is the unlock nobody talks about. Went from 6 to 22 creatives after Andromeda and CPA dropped 43% in 3 weeks. Also pairing partnership ads with Crescitaly-boosted organic seed posts from the same creator before going paid - it warms the pixel and we see 2x better hook rates right out the gate. WhatsApp funnel tip also gold for our Brazil market.
  16. @KathleenMurphy-z4f: Hey Ben! Would you suggest having a separate campaign for scaling or would you suggest just creating a different ad set within your campaign as an ABO with higher budget to scale the winning ads?
  17. @abbebajrami7561: been doing ads for 1 year but ready to stop meta ads. i run a local company and recently meta only shows people outside of my service area.

i just made a new campaign, 100$ spent in 2 days. 13 leads. none in my area.

i have a 25 miles area and nothing seems to be working. please if somebody know why it does that ?
  18. @michaelwin83: Charlie Kirk ahh
  19. @celon182: Hey Ben, question about Creative Testing. Should I do that creative testing in a separate ad set and separate campaign and then take the winner and move it to my scaling campaign? Or should I test them using Creative Testing in my Main, Scaling Campaign?
  20. @tuckertheremedy: Hi Ben, if I'm running a campaign at $50/day, would it be optimal to run more than 20 ads, closer to 40-50, or would that spread the budget too thin?

- How to CRUSH Facebook Ads with a Small Budget in 2026: Kind: captions Language: en If you think you need hundreds of thousands of dollars to succeed with Facebook ads, I've got good news for you. You absolutely can succeed with a small Facebook ads budget, and in this video, I'm going to show you how. So, let's start by quickly defining what a small Facebook ads budget actually is. So, I would classify a small Facebook ads budget as anything less than $3,000 per month, so $100 or so per day. And I totally get that for a lot of people watching that, they would be like, "That's a small Facebook ads budget. I can't spend that or anywhere near it." I totally get that. I understand. I started my business with no money. I couldn't have spent anywhere near that. I started working with clients that So, I know for a lot of people that would not seem small, but when you've had the experience that I've had running campaigns with as little as $100 a month right at the beginning, all the way up to clients that were spending multiple millions per month, $3,000 or less seems like a good line to draw and a good classification because there are things that need to change in terms of your strategy and how you're approaching things. Things that we're going to go through in this video if you are spending less than that. Within a small budget, I classify a tiny Facebook ads budget as $600 per month or less, so $20 or less per day, which is also where a lot of businesses start. I certainly started in the tiny budget category, upgraded to small budgets, and we've gone on to to much larger things since. But, the important thing to know is that you can succeed with a small or a tiny budget, but there are changes you need to make. You need to do things differently than what might be the default way of doing things and conventional strategy that you may well have seen. So, let's uh let's run through those now. Starting with the first point, which is don't helicopter parent your ad campaigns. So, a lot of you will already be familiar with this, but Meta ads, when you create a new campaign or a new ad set or make an adjustment to a campaign ad set, will go through the learning phase. Now, during the learning phase, Meta is going through really fast iterations of tests to try and get you the the result. So, if you set up your campaign for sales, for example, Meta's going to test who within your target audience should actually see your ads to get you the best results. And some of those tests might go really well, you get great results, and some of those tests might go really poorly, and you get terrible results. They're going to test what should ad impression frequency look like. Should we do lots of ad impressions to each individual user in a short time period, or should we space out those ad impressions? Which of the ads within your ad set should we put in front of people? Which placement options perform best? What time of day is the best to advertise? What the week is the best to advertise? So, all these variables that Meta's going to test to try and get you the best results possible, sales, leads, whatever it is you've optimized your campaign for. So, that's happening all the time. Meta's constantly testing, but they're testing much more aggressively during the learning phase, like I said, when you first launch your campaign, ad set, etc. So, your results during that time period are very volatile. You can have great results, poor results, they're all over the place. If you make a significant adjustment to a campaign, ad set, so for example, you create a new ad, you change some of the settings at the ad set level, potentially even change some of the settings at the campaign level, you will re-enter the learning phase. The learning phase lasts typically, let's say, 24 to 48 hours, but it is dependent on conversion volume. So, the more conversions you generate, the faster Meta is able to learn, because they have more data, and the shorter that learning phase will last, too. So, if you're working on a campaign that's generating thousands of sales a day, the learning phase can last hardly any time at all, because you really quickly have a lot of data. Meta's like, "Right, got it. Made the adjustments, new ads, understand it. We tested it. We worked out this is the way to go, and we're off." The smaller your budget, typically, the lower number of conversions you're going to generate, the longer it is going to take for you to exit the learning phase. So, if you are helicopter parenting your ad campaigns, you're constantly in there, constantly making tweaks and adjustments, you keep re-entering the learning phase, you're not allowing Meta time to optimize and get you the best performance possible. So, what I typically recommend advertisers do is try and set an optimization schedule. So, decide I'm going to adjust my campaigns no more than once every 7 days or 10 days. And you need to extend that time period because you are operating with a small budget and you are going to typically be generating lower conversion volumes. Now, you might set that schedule and realize that actually we could adjust more often this. We are getting good data within those time periods or you need to extend it and go the other way. That's going to depend on your business. Even within small budgets, if you're running an ad campaign that's designed to generate leads via a lead magnet, you're going to generate many, many more conversions than someone who's selling a high-ticket service well. So, again, you need to adjust the time frame accordingly. There is no one-size-fits-all when it comes time frame. One of the most common questions I get asked and I always say it's based on conversion volume is how often you should be making adjustments. It's not a we do it every 7 days across the board. Some campaigns generate thousands of conversions a day. Some campaigns generate six conversions a week. Well, the campaign that generates six conversions a week, it might take a month to know if a new ad is performing well, whereas the one that's generating thousands a day, it might take 3 hours. Like literally, I'm not over exaggerating that. That can absolutely be the case. So, you need to adjust the time frame according to conversion volume. One of the easiest ways if you're like, "Right, how do I know what's right for me?" is to use a statistical significance calculator. Free online tool, you enter in your numbers and the calculator will tell you, "Ad A is indeed outperforming Ad B with a 90% statistical significance, right?" And then you can go about making decisions. That doesn't mean that you can't do any work on your meta ad campaigns in between those gaps, 7 days, 10 days, 14 days, something like that, because you could be producing new ad creative ready to go. You could be analyzing the data, drawing conclusions, and thinking, "Right, okay, this ad had a really good hook rate versus this ad had a much better return on ad spend. Let's take this hook and put it" This sort of analysis I talk about in other videos of of how you go about improving performance. You can be doing that, but when it comes to actually physically making the changes, try and limit yourself. Don't constantly tinker. Okay, second point I want to talk about is to really really get specific about your ideal customers and create ads that are only designed for them, both from an ad copy messaging standpoint, but also in the creative. If you've got a small budget, you don't want to be an also-ran against businesses that have much larger budgets and are going for much larger market share. The way you compete with those bigger businesses that have much larger budgets is you say, "We're not going to touch 99% of this market that technically could buy our product or service. Instead, we're going to be hyper-specific for this 1% or sometimes even less that we can tailor everything towards and we can serve them better than the bigger company that is trying to sell cross-market because we can tailor our offering, but also we can market to them in a way that really resonates with those people. It's a much better way to stand out, to niche down, and to to approach things that way. A lot of smaller businesses, which are typically the ones operating with smaller budgets, they're nervous to do that because they feel like they're missing out on potential sales, but that's poor thinking. Much better to think about it the other way. You are much more likely to stand out in comparison to the competition, which have significant advantages. They're spending a lot more than you. They probably have more brand recognition. A lot more of the market may have bought from them previously, so you have loads of things to overcome. They probably have larger budgets for content creation and ad creative and production. They might be working with influencers. Like, you are up against it against those bigger businesses. How can you win in that scenario? By being more specific. It's why they say there's riches in niches, right? So, how do you go about doing this? So, if you have a customer base already, you've been running ads or you generate customers from other ways, then you can do analysis on those customers and work out which customers are worth the most to you, which either buy again the most or stick around if you're on some sort of recurring or subscription model, which stick around longest. Those will typically often be the ones that give you the less headaches as well. There might be customers that you can make money from, but oh, they're just a nightmare. We don't want to work with them. And go through those and and be like, "Right, you know what? Out of this entire market, we've worked out that this subsection is the best. Those are the people we've worked with. Let's re-engineer our marketing messaging. It's just all about them. Talk about the things they care about, talk about the problems they have specifically, which might differ from the rest of the market, and then really narrow it in." One of the biggest reasons small budgets fail on Meta isn't targeting, it's the creatives. Because testing properly requires variations, and variations cost money. A single UGC video from a creator, hundreds if not thousands of dollars. An agency to consistently produce and test new creatives, thousands if not tens of thousands of dollars per month. And that's before you even know if the ads convert. If you're working with a small budget, that math just doesn't work. Hollow flips that part of the equation. You just paste in only your website URL, and it analyzes your brand voice, positioning, and visuals. Then generates ready-to-publish ads, social posts, and email campaigns. But what makes this powerful for small budgets is the variations. Instead of giving you one creative, it can generate batches of different hooks, angles, formats, and layouts in seconds. You can tweak the size, swap visuals, adjust colors, change the messaging, translate it into another language, or even turn a static image into a video without starting from scratch each time. No prompts, no Canva marathons, no waiting weeks on freelancers. And here's why this matters for small budget advertisers. Meta rewards iteration. The people who win aren't always the ones spending the most, they're the ones testing the most. If you can create 10 to 20 creative variations quickly without spending thousands on production, you suddenly have leverage. Instead of spending your budget on creative production, you can spend it on actual ad testing. What used to take hours or cost thousands now takes minutes. For solo founders and small teams, that removes the biggest bottleneck in Facebook ads, producing enough creatives to find a winner. If creative costs have been holding you back from testing properly, Hollow is definitely worth looking at. There is a link in the description and a discount code if you want to try it. So, one of the classic scenarios you'll often see with a lot of businesses that go through that process of analysis, is they will work out we only want to work with high net worth individuals because they spend the most, they give us the least headaches, they're the best either on a BTC or you could do the equivalent of B2B, right? We're only going to work with companies over X revenue. And how would you therefore go about talking to to those people? Well, like I just said, think about the things they really care about from a ben- benefit standpoint. Think about their pain points as well. So, if you are looking to target only the high net worth individuals within your marketplace, don't emphasize the price competitiveness of your product service in comparison to your competition. That's not who you're going after, they don't care about that as much. Instead, emphasize say the time saving or the convenience or the status associated with having a product or service of this quality or of this brand. And things that they are much more likely to be interested in. You buy this once, you don't have to bother with it again, you don't have to worry about it. And and that's going to be different from the rest of the market that might be far more price sensitive or might be interested in different things. So, for example, us as a as an agency, we do I mean, we specialize because we specialize in Meta ads, we specialize in Google ads, we're not like full service and everything else. So, we do this niching within our own service offerings. But within that, we will work with a broad range of of different types of businesses. We work with service and SaaS and e-com and all sorts, right? We now have a large enough team to have specialists within each one of of those fields. But if we were operating with a smaller budget, if we were newer, what we could do is look at all our clients and be like, you know what? E-commerce businesses that generate more than $10 million a year in revenue typically are highest value customers. So then we would re-engineer our marketing. You'd see someone like me just creating videos specifically targeted at e-commerce businesses over a certain size. All our ads would be updated specifically to speak to those people. It'd be in the messaging. It'd be what do they care about? They care about scale. They care about maintaining return on ad spend as they scale up. They're not interested in things like lead quality. Doesn't apply to them. So we wouldn't be talking about lead quality in our advertising. So you see how how we would tailor it if we wanted to further niche down in those instances and hopefully you can apply that to your business as well. If you go over specific and find that your ads just aren't reaching my people, you can always broaden back out. But in my experience most businesses, particularly those operating with small budgets, are far too broad as opposed to too niche. Next is to copy what already works best in your industry. There are likely bigger players with bigger budgets that have spent a fortune testing and working things out. You can analyze what they are doing, draw conclusions, and save yourself a ton of time, a ton of money in experimentation by modeling from what they have demonstrated works best. How do you do that? One of the easiest ways is to use the Meta Ads Library. A free tool. I'm going to show you how to do that, right? So I'm here in the Meta Ads Library. Just Google it, it'll come right up. The way this works is you select your location, you select your category. So if you operate within a specialized category, select that. Otherwise you can select all ads. And then I'm going to use myself as the example here. So if I enter Ben Heath in here, we can see all the ads that that we're running and you can check these out if you're interested, by the way. And you can see the details, you can see the primary text, you can see where they're running, you can see the videos themselves, the headlines, you can click through to the landing pages. You've got all the information that that you would want to to take a look at to see see what they're doing. So what you want to do here is think about the competitors that you know are advertising well. You see their ads pop up often, they look good. You just know based on the size of the business that their marketing is really switched on. You think this is a good company to to model from based on your interaction. Then you come through to Meta Ads Library, you search for them, and then what you're looking for are the ads that have been running quite a while. So, for example, if you were to do this with us, you could see that these ads up here at the top, these have been running since May 2025. So, not far off a year as of the recording of this video, 9 months or so as of the recording of this video. Now, I can tell you right now that these ads are performing well. I know that cuz this is these are our ads. But, we would have turned them off if they weren't. And that's basically true for just about every advertiser that you would look at. If they've been running an ad for, you know, cuz if they only launched an ad last week, you don't know that thing's working. They might just be experimenting. If they've been consistently running an ad for more than say 6 months, particularly if it's longer than that, that ad is almost certainly working for them, and you could look to model from it. Now, if you're looking at bigger competitors, more successful competitors, which is what I'd recommend, sometimes you won't be able to replicate what they've produced. You might be like, "Okay, they've been running this ad for a year and a half, but it's a partnership ad with an influencer in the space. We couldn't afford to work with them." You might be able to, by the way. People always think that influencers cost a lot more than they do. They're wrong. But, in that instance, maybe you can't replicate what they're doing. But, just keep going. Keep looking at more competitors, keep finding other options and be like, "Oh, we can do that. That's an interesting product demonstration video. That's a UGC video. They've actually got some static images that seem to be performing well for them. Let's go ahead and use that." And you can look to model from what works and replicate that. Save yourself a ton of time and budget and test that way. You have a limited budget with a small budget to test. And also, the emphasis on testing becomes less important because what you're really looking to do with a small budget, what I think you should be looking to do with a small budget, is establish proof of concept. Can we generate leads? Can we generate sales? Yes. And then get that campaign as quickly as possible to be as profitable as possible because that will fund reinvestment. If you can get that campaign to produce a 4x return on ad spend, well, you could then reinvest more into your ad campaigns and scale them and try and maintain that ROAS or improve it and grow your business and acquire a lot more customers. It very much wants to be seen as a stepping stone that can be profitable and can work to higher budget levels if you want to succeed, grow your business and all that sort of stuff. Moving on to another piece of advice that is very important for advertisers operating with a small budget and that is no brand awareness. I don't want you to be running awareness campaigns. I don't want you to be running engagement campaigns, traffic campaigns. I want you to be running leads or sales campaigns that are direct offer, directly selling what it is that you advertise in order to get leads, in order to get sales so that you can generate a short-term return on your small budget which like I said in the previous point will allow you to reinvest. I've heard so many advertisers, particularly when they're new to advertising, say things like I just kind of want to get my business out there. That doesn't really mean anything. It's like you just want to get your business out there, why? You want to get your business out there because you want leads, you want sales, you want that coming in. Well, much better to go directly for those things instead of running an awareness campaign and just sort of magically thinking that's somehow going to end up coming back to you in the long term. There is one very specific exception and that's my omnipresent content campaign only applies specific businesses, typically those offering a very involved purchase. So, high ticket service, something consulting, expertise based, something like that. I've got videos on that in case you want to check that out. That does use either an awareness or engagement campaign structure, but it is very different thing. We're doing it for different reasons and we're often advertising that alongside our conversion campaigns at sales or leads. And if you're a small business, I would be even less keen for you to focus on the omnipresent content strategy and instead go for what it is that you really want. Get that return so that you can reinvest. Meta's optimization systems and how the campaign delivers is completely literal. If you say you want sales, Meta's going to do its best possible to get you sales. If you say you want leads, vice versa. If you say you want traffic, they're going to find really clicky people. Those people won't necessarily go on and convert. Brand awareness is much better for larger companies, often larger companies that don't have a direct path to conversion. So, if you think of like Coca-Cola running ads, for example, well, no one's like clicking through on an ad to then come through and buy like it's it's top of mind. So, the next time you're in a restaurant, next time in the supermarket, you buy Coke products. You get one out of the fridge because of the reminder, you drink it now, that creates a space so that next time you're more likely to buy more. So, the businesses that run brand awareness on Meta ads as well typically fall into that category where there's much less of a direct lead to the conversion. Not something we want to mess with as smaller businesses. Another tip that I've really encouraged small budget advertisers to do recently and found a number of us have a lot of success with this is to use your organic content on Meta, typically on Instagram, as basically free testing for ad creative. Now, this requires you to create content and it will be more valuable if you already have a bit of an organic audience than if you don't. But because we talked about before, you don't have much budget for budget for testing. That's why we are modeling from other businesses that have done a lot of testing. But this is another great way to do it. You can, for example, produce Instagram Reels, put those out there, and then the ones that get significantly more engagement than others, you can take those, add a 5-10 second call to action to the end, and run that as an ad. You could do the same with static images, which ones get a lot more reaction, use that in your ad, maybe add some text overlay, accompany it obviously within the ad structure, headline, etc., in order to get people to to take action. And it won't always translate. So, sometimes things perform really well organically and it just doesn't translate to ads. But often they do, and often it's a really good way to find extra ideas easily, produce ad creative, kind of two birds, one stone situation. We got some organic content and we got some ad creative out of this. And it could be an easy way to iterate and test and find what works. You may even find that something works really well organically, doesn't necessarily do well as an ad, but you're thinking, "Yeah, but we can use that concept or we can use that hook in that reel in our ads going forward. We just need to change the rest of it to be more focused." To do this well, your organic content needs to be closely related to your ads and what it is that you talk about. I would hope that would be true anyway, because that's [clears throat] going to help drive business outcomes, lead to sales, revenue, etc. But that's just a an important caveat to which quickly mention. If you're watching this now on a small budget and you can think, "Yeah, I've posted quite a bit of organic content." Take a bit of time and go back through and find the ones that have done well and just chuck them into an ad campaign. Like I said, maybe stick a call to action on the end and see how it does. And real quick, we've created the perfect offer for Facebook and Instagram advertisers with a small budget. We call it Facebook Ads Mastery. It's a school community complete with exclusive education material. We also do live calls and Q&As with me and my team members. If you're interested, there's a link in the video description. The next point is going to sting for some of you. And that's to be willing to spend more on conversions than what you're currently willing to spend. Most beginner Facebook and Instagram advertisers, those operating with a small budget typically, have unrealistic expectations of A, what's possible, B, what they should expect, and C, what will allow their business to grow. Part of that is because there are many people within this space that will over promise. It's one of the reasons why if you see, for example, the case studies on our website, the result screenshots that I put out on my Instagram stories, we cover a range. We will show the businesses that we're able to get a 20x return on ad spend for, which is just incredible and that's amazing and everyone wants that, but for some businesses that is completely impossible. We will also show businesses that get a 3.2 x return on ad spend, but have done so at scale and that's really profitable and a successful outcome for that business. It's not the massive headline attention grabbing, but it's done well and it is it is success and it works for that business and it allows them to scale and do the things that they want them to do. I've spoken to many beginners that will say things like, "Oh, I want a 10x return on ad spend." And typically if someone is talking in those terms, they don't understand the dynamic well enough. So often I've had to tease that out of them. So I might say, "What are you willing to pay to acquire a customer?" Which is one of the most common questions. If you're ever on a Q&A with me, that's almost certainly one of the things I'm going to ask if I want to to delve deeper with you. And often people say, "I don't know." So I'll sort of work it back through with them. Okay, what are your customers worth? My customers are worth $2,000. Okay, excellent. So what are you willing to pay to get that customer? And someone might say, "I don't know. $100, $200." I go, "Okay. So you're telling me that you wouldn't be willing if you had a magic machine and you could put $400 in it or $500 in it and it just spits out a $2,000 customer, you wouldn't do it." And they nearly always go, "Oh no, yeah. No, I would. Yeah, yeah, no, that I can make that work." Obviously this is going to be dependent on margins. Some businesses can be a much more aggressive. Like for some businesses a 1.5 x return on ad spend is fantastic because let's say they're selling software or info and there's no cost of goods associated with selling the thing and they want massive scale and they can do it. Then there are businesses where they spend 10 million a year and they make 15 million direct from sales from those ads and they've got 5 million profit cuz there's hardly any cost associated and that's a successful business outcome. There are obviously others that need a much larger return on ad spend because they do have cost of service deliverable or they have cost of goods in order to to make it work. But I've I've seen a lot of ad campaigns where, "Okay, the $2,000 customer is what my customer is worth to my business. In my mind I'm only willing to pay $200 for a customer. Therefore, I convert one in, let's say, 10 leads. So I'm only willing to pay $20 per lead. And then they cap out and they can barely scale and they think, "Oh, the campaign's not working. I've got to limit to $25 a lead." And you actually run through the numbers and you're like, "You know, $25 a lead is really profitable for you, right?" Advanced meta advertisers, and the businesses that do the best, they don't typically generate the best return on ad spends. Because as you scale, your return on ad spend will decrease, inevitably. It is harder to acquire, it is more expensive, I should say, to acquire your 10,000th customer than your 50th customer, because there's always a proportion of the market that is just so keen and loves whatever it is that you sell that they kind of buy everything and you can gather up these people. But there's not many of them, the more you scale, that the harder that is. But there is a trade-off that a lot of businesses understand where they think, "I don't mind if my return on ad spends drops if my overall profit number, not as a percentage, as a number, is significantly better. That's a better business outcome. Much better to generate a 4x return on ad spend spending a million dollars a month than a 10x return on ad spend spending $10,000 a month. You make a lot more money at the lower return on ad spend number because you've achieved scale. So, really have a think about what could you be willing to pay to acquire a customer? I'll give you some examples. I want to go even further for some businesses. There are many, many businesses where initial customer acquisition is loss-making. Many of the biggest, most successful businesses, that is true. Almost anything finance-related. Banks, they pay way more to acquire you than they make from you initially. Mortgage companies are often the same. Insurance, they are playing a game of we will turn you into repeat revenue over many years, most likely, and we'll end up with a fantastic return on ad spend, but it might take 6 months or more for us to pay the initial cost of customer acquisition in the first place. And there's some of the biggest, most successful businesses in the world that operate this way. Lots of businesses in that category. It's actually one another advantage that bigger advertisers have, is typically they have more cash reserves and they can afford to be more aggressive on their customer acquisition than smaller businesses. I think that a lot of small budget advertisers have this idea of like, "I'm at a 2x ROAS. If I could just get to a 10x ROAS, I'll be like the big boys." And you're like, "Actually, some of the big boys might be operating at a 2x ROAS. They're just doing it much better in terms of retention and customer reactivation than you are. So, it works for them in in a way that a 2x ROAS doesn't work for you." I'm not saying you have to lose money as a small budget advertiser. Often, you need profitability to be able to reinvest. But, you might be fine with a four or five x ROAS. You might not need a 10x ROAS to make it worth your while. My next recommendation is to reduce the number of variables. So, we want to concentrate and consolidate both from your resource capacity, mentally, time, within your business, but also within your ad account so that we consolidate that conversion data and Meta has the best possible chance of getting out of the learning phase and then optimizing your campaigns to get you the outcome that you want to get. So, I typically recommend that you focus on one offer only. If you sell a big range of products or you have multiple service offerings, which are sold the best, which do you make the most money from, focus in on that exclusively. Don't have lots of different campaigns. Don't have lots of different ad sets. You want to consolidate that down. So, let's say we had five ad sets and we're generating 20 conversions a week. Well, that's four conversions per [clears throat] ad set on average. Much better to have the one ad set and have those 20 conversions going through the one ad set. Like I said, much more likely to get out of learning phase, much easier for Meta to be able to optimize and draw conclusions, and then put your ads in front of the right people and get you the results that you want. If you don't have historical data around which offer is most profitable, which sells the best, take a best guess. What are your competitors focusing on mostly? What do you have the best margins in? You can always adjust once you've got up and running, but fewer campaigns, often just one campaign, one ad set is the way to go. You can always look to scale and add complexity later on. In fact, if you do want more information about Facebook ad campaign structure and how we've adjusted this cuz there are significant differences now to what we used to recommend. Then I recommend you check out this video cuz I go through it all and I talk about how you want to start, which businesses want to stick with the one campaign, one ad set um setup versus the alternative options and when you might want to change that as you go through your Meta Ads journey. Just go and check it out.

  Top Comments:
  1. @BenHeath [2 likes]: Get personal Meta Ads feedback from me (live) for less than $60 per session:
👉 https://www.skool.com/benheath/about
Let my agency run your Meta ads for you:
👉 https://heathmedia.co.uk/done-for-you/
  2. @AbdullahKhan-sr1ir [1 likes]: Bro I'm running a campaign - highest volume - conversion as Purchase (broad targetting, advantage+audience with suggestions). I have a budget of Rs 1000 INR (9 USD) a day initially. I'm running 3 ads using one adset. Video type are unboxing, ugc, and one review static image. Still in learning phase, it has only been 8 days, the acquisition cost is coming 1000 a day for each order.  Does leaving it longer would make the acquisition cost slowly drop down when meta has more data?
  3. @jeanriley2669 [1 likes]: Long time follower! I have studied and studied , and always think its because my budgets are small! but example a is that recently ad's I have had at 45 dollars a day x 1 add was performing at 3.3% click rate, even though I have a small budget would you suggest to use these kinds of creatives if that percent keeps up? Thank you so much :)
  4. @itaylubovich [1 likes]: Man you're awesome!
I'm watching you for like 8 years I think.
You helped me a lot, so first of all keep it up!
I used to use Facebook Ads for Ecom and now I'm using it for Financial services (consultant)
In the video you said "How much are you willing to pay for a customer?" well that's a great question haha
How can I know that I'm not overpaying a customer?
For example if I'm paying 1,000$ a customer and getting 2,000$ that's nice, but what if I could pay 500$ and be more profitable?
How can I know that I'm in my "Sweet spot"?
  5. @stanimirnikolov7934: My ad account is one week old. I’m running a CBO with a 60-day budget, two ad sets — one with video creatives and one with static creatives.

In 7 days, I got 38 purchases. Then I increased the budget by $10, and everything died. For the last 2 days I’ve had only 3 orders.

Should I lower the budget back down?
  6. @SubhanAhmed-k4x: You have  such a great experience.😎
  7. @Official-Lowlight-FM: I can tell he’s speaking from real experience.
  8. @TigerRepel: Just discovered the channel. It is brilliant.
  9. @johnnydulong-SellHfxRealEstate: Hi Ben, love your content.....Do you ever do FB Ad content specifically directed at Real Estate / Realtors?
  10. @rrivera457: Hey Ben. Would you recommend CBO or ABO for small budgets?
  11. @JonMcTavish: i like the idea around small/ new businesses only running ads meant to convert sales... but what if its a novel product. something that people don't know exists yet? dies that change anything?  does something like 10%  of ad budget spend on awareness campaign and remaining 90% on sales campaign?
  12. @MsAllybee123: I am running a catalog ad for a clothing brand.  When I create new products, they're being added to the catalog. Does that reset the algorithm when running catalog ads, even if I change nothing in Ads Manager?
  13. @fathiazaida: really liked the tips you shared here
  14. @social_media_vlogs: this was super helpful, thanks for breaking it down
  15. @SynthMind.studio-y1: i can actually do this now lol
  16. @sunilrajrb: the “stop touching it during learning” bit hit me. i always panic-edit on day 2 and then wonder why results reset. also saw Rumora mentioned elsewhere lately.
  17. @Omega_Destroyer_xx: Any chance you could do a dedicated video about ads specifically for Kickstarter? These campaigns live or die based on how good their Meta ads are
  18. @EugeneChiu96: Hello Ben. Thanks for all the videos, and I learnt and reshaped a lot. My dilemma is that I run my business in small budget and has spent 1000$ on FB ads getting 0 return(10$ per ad in structure 1-2-2 and 1-1-N), now I'm a little timid and unsure about my next ad. My product is common as those in market. What structure and budget should I use as I prepared 1 video with 3 different hooks and 3 different images). Thanks a lot! Hope you can reply.🙏
  19. @boringraccoon5466: This new way of Ads from Meta really pushes you to be way more creative.
  20. @tonybanda8685: Mine is a tiny tiny budget 😂🤧

- The NEW Andromeda-Proof Meta Ads Strategy (2026): Kind: captions Language: en Most people running Meta ads right now are operating on a strategy that stopped working eight months ago. And their numbers are showing it, but they still can't seem to figure out why. Well, I've tested over 10,000 Meta ad creatives across more than 100 brands in the last 18 months. And after Andromeda dropped, I watched brand after brand hit the same ceiling, ROAS declining, spend stalling, and no idea why. But the brands that figured it out scaled further than they ever were before. And the difference was always the same thing. They had a system for testing creative. And the ones that didn't were just running ads and hoping something would work. In this video, I'm breaking down what Andromeda actually changed, why most brands are still getting it wrong, and the rules we now run in every ad account in 2026. But before we actually get into it, I want to address a few things that a lot of people still believe about Meta ads that aren't actually true anymore. So, some common myths. Myth one, more creative volume is the answer. Now, you hear it everywhere. Test more ads, diversify your creative, keep the pipeline full. There's a grain of truth in it, and you do need to test. But running 40 ads with no system isn't testing. It's guessing with more budget. And there's a big difference. So, I audit ad accounts every week, and I see the same thing. A brand will launch a batch of ads, and within a couple of days, one of those ads will be eating most of the budget. And then the rest of the ads barely spend anything and will get switched off. But a lot of the time, no one knows what made that one winning ad actually work. They don't know if it was the hook, the creative style, the specific pain point that they led with. Nobody tracked it, so they find it very difficult to recreate it. And in most scenarios, they actually can't make another winning ad. They're just surviving on this one ad. Sometimes it's a few ads, but that's how it looks a lot of the time. Now, this whole time while this is going on, the algorithm is trying to learn from an ad account that's saying something different in every single ad. Now, post-Andromeda, that matters more than ever. The algorithm needs to see the same type of message repeated across ads to build on. Without that, you're resetting every single time. Now, in a lot of scenarios, what will happen is you'll have a creative agency, you'll have a creative strategist, you'll have a static design agency, you're making some founder ads. So, you've got these four different sources of ad creatives coming into the ad account, and they just won't be working together. You'll have some static agency, and they're making clickbait ads and driving people to click. It's getting a lot of attention, but then it's going to a product page. Or you have a creative agency, and they're just spamming UGC ads. They've got no strategy behind it. You've got your founder ads that are building on the story, but it's not really digging into the pain points. And then you've got your internal creative strategists that are just pumping out volume. What you need is you need all of these ads to be working together towards your specific messaging in the market, your specific positioning in the marketplace. Every single one of these ads should be testing a specific theory, and every ad should be learning from each other. And this means you'll begin to get compounding results in the ad account rather than just a couple winners here and there. Now, myth two is audience targeting is still what drives performance. Now, the algorithm does the targeting now. This is a trillion-dollar company that we're talking about. You do not know how to place your ads better than this trillion-dollar company. So, what you do is you put inside the ad who you want Meta to target, not the audience you set up in the campaign. Now, there's a few scenarios where we have clients and they're doing some interest-based targeting a lot of time on the B2B stuff. However, in e-commerce, in D2C, even SaaS brands that are that are really scaling right now, we're seeing broad audiences doing all of the work. Now, if that ad isn't speaking to anyone specific, no interest stack is going to fix it. No podcast ad where you spend $10,000 on a podcast is going to fix it. No amount of ads is going to fix it. The brands that are still obsessing over the audience segmentation, exclusion layers, interest stacks are optimizing something that stopped working a while ago. Now, I speak to founders every single week who've spent months tweaking their targeting and can't figure out why performance is down. But, the targeting isn't the problem. The creative is the problem. No amount of audience work fixes a generic ad. So, what you want to be doing is you want to be doing your research and getting hyper-specific on who the target audience is, what their pain points is, what their desires are, what objections they have, and most importantly, what is their awareness level. Looking across all of your customer bases, what is the biggest, easiest group of people to target? And you want to be looking at that group of people. Usually, solution aware is the easiest audience to get going with, but you can also start looking at problem aware. As you're scaling, you will have to go up the funnel, but you want to be making ads that are bottom of funnel as well, so you can sweep up those people who are interested, who have been on the website and landing page. But you've got to get very specific with who you're targeting. So, myth three is that campaign structure is what separates good ad accounts from bad ones. Now, don't get me wrong, structure matters, but it's downstream of everything else. Now, I audit ad accounts with perfect naming conventions, clean campaign setup, proper budget allocation, running completely flat, and not getting results. It's because the creative underneath wasn't built on anything real. You can organize your ad account perfectly and still be scaling nothing. The structure doesn't make your ads work, the ads make the ads work. Now, the reason that this myth persists is because structure is so visible, it's so easy to point out, and it's easy to blame because there's so many different options that you can go through. Now, you can pull up your ads manager, you can show someone a clean account. You can't do that with a winning angle. You can't show people an ad and guarantee that it's going to work. Now, that's a common misconception. Your ad looks worse than mine, or this ad looks really good. You can't actually judge an actual ad unless you've got the customer data, you're doing that research, and you're understanding this is the type person that I'm targeting. The angle is what actually determines whether the ad account grows. You can't really judge an ad visually. You can kind of say, "Okay, yeah, that's a good hook. It looks like a good ad," but you can't truly judge it. And that's why people will just default to ad account structure. Here's what Andromeda actually changed. For anyone who isn't familiar, Andromeda was Meta's algorithm update that changed how creative actually gets distributed across the platform. A lot of people hate it, a lot of people love it, and I'm one of the ones that actually think it's a net positive change for the platform. And a lot of people will be annoyed at at hearing that, but once you understand it, and hopefully this video will explain it, you'll be able to get better results than you were before. And it changed things in a way that most brands still haven't adjusted to. First of all, creative became the targeting. Now, it very much was the targeting before, but now it is 100% what does the main part of the targeting. It even scrapes your landing page. It even scrapes if people are filling in forms on the website, what people are buying, the things they're clicking on. It is scraping everything. So, pretty much what your ad says and who it says it to the most is now the most important decision in your account, not the actual audience setup. As of recording this right now, I can go into Ads Manager and I have access to over 100 ad accounts from brands spending 50k a month, 100k a month, to brands spending $2 million a month. We have one client now that's spending $11 million a month. And across all of these brands, I have no bias because we're not media buyers. What we can say is we have clients that are doing Advantage Shopping Plus campaigns, clients that are doing CBO campaigns, CBO with minimum spends on the ad sets, people that are still doing testing and CBO scaling. Across all of the brands, what matters is the creative, the alignment of that creative to the landing page, and the offer of obviously what you're actually selling, and your creative strategy. So, that's why that I can say that ad account structure isn't what's going to move the needle and get you to the next level. One of the brands we're actually working with, they were doing no creative strategy. They were spending about 60 to 100k a month on ads, and they were just basically doing founder-led ads. They were making a few ads, not doing that creative strategy. We came in and we mined all of their reviews, got all their customer data, segmented it into different personas and pain points, what they cared about, understood the awareness level of the ad account, and we drafted a plan of mapping these personas to different creative styles, and we were able to double that ad spend in a 60-day period whilst maintaining their CPA. And that's the power of creative that actually speaks to individuals and specific pain points and angles and people. Now, the second thing that Andromeda changed, and it's the harsh truth and it's not actually really good news, is that creative fatigue happens faster. The algorithm learns quicker than it ever has before, and it moves on quicker as well. You know, it sees an ad, if it doesn't like the ad, it'll be done with it. Winning ads are dying in weeks, and of months, instead of lasting for years and years like they have in the past. So before, you might run an ad and it might show some good results. It might start off a little bit and it might look like an early winner and eventually fatigue. Now it's pretty quick. If it likes an ad, it'll tag onto that ad and it'll scale like never before. Now we still have ads that have been in the ad account for 6, 12 months and that's really our goal to make long-term winners, but it's just a little bit more difficult to do now and we do see ads that pick up a little bit of spend, they get good results, but then eventually taper off and we think it's because Andromeda is learning so quick and it's just really prioritizing those winning ads. So if you don't have new angles coming in, performance will drop. It's just a matter of time. Now number three is ads that speak to one specific person outperform ads that speak to everyone. A generic ad that could be talking to anyone converts no one and an ad that names a specific frustration in that exact language that that specific person uses to describe it. That's what gets distributed and scaled. Now broad messaging with tons of spend behind it doesn't work the way that it used to work. is unstructured testing teaches the algorithm nothing. Now Meta learns from your inputs and if those inputs are scattered, then the learning is scattered as well. The brands that are winning right now and scaling are feeding the algorithm a consistent story. Same angles tested across different formats so it can build on what's learning instead of resetting every single week. Now the best ad accounts that we see have a real structured approach where they have their main personas that align with the brand's main positioning and kind of messaging. You figure out, okay, what is the best angle? What is the best hook? And then you consistently test that across different formats. You test it and really try and build that ad account and that's how you get compounded results and that's how you can actually reach seven figures a month in ad spend. So rule number one, the winning angle never comes from the product out or from inside the business. So majority of the time, it's never the one that the brand thinks is the most important. It's never the one that came out of a team meeting. It's the one that comes from the customer, the language that they're already using to describe their problem before they've even heard of the product. Every competitor in your category is walking past the same frustrated customer because they're briefing creative based on what they want to say rather than what the customer is already thinking. Now, the brand that finds that gap first and names it first wins the attention. That's a starting point for everything that we build. So, you want to be using your customer reviews, your Reddit, wherever your customers are actually talking, post-purchase surveys, any post-purchase data you have, comment sections, that's where you can find their specific language. Now, rule number two is test angles, not just ads. So, an angle is the one idea the whole ad is built from. The specific frustration or desire that makes that right person feel like the ad was made for them and the product was made for them. Now, I'm not sure just talking about the hook, the format, or the creative. It's the whole idea of the ad. Now, when you track angles instead of just ads, you start understanding which type of message actually converts your specific customer. And that's what builds up over time. That's how you can compound your ad account. And without it, you're just looking at spend and ROAS with no understanding of anything that's working and why, which means you can't actually replicate it when it stops. And it also means you can never get compounding results in your ad account. Now, rule number three is when you find a winner, build from it. A lot of brands find something working and will just put more budget behind it and scale it and scale it and scale it, which is half right. But, the only problem is it will eventually fatigue. They'll go looking for something new, trying to make new ad creatives. Now, that cycle is obviously what keeps ad accounts stuck in the same spot month after month. What's better to do is build on what's already working. So, you can take that same angle, test it in a different format. You can take the same concept, try a new hook. Now, you're not hunting for a new winner every single time. But, what you're doing is you're getting more out of the ones that you already have. You're collecting more data on what works with your customers. And eventually, you will find those new angles and those new winning ads. Now, one example of this is we had a winning ad that spent six figures. The simplest thing in the world that we did, we got a UGC creator to record a green screen ad. So, how that looked was the winning ad was behind them and they were in a corner of the screen. And they speaking through saying, "I saw this product on Facebook and I had to try it." And then played the hook of that winning ad, and we made another ad that spent six figures, as simple as that. You can do that by changing the hook, you can do that by building from the angle, by chopping and changing the existing footage that you have, getting new creators. There's so many ways that you can make new winning ads, and that's what the job is to do and try and find. Now, rule number four is have a real decision framework written down before you launch. Now, there's two mistakes that you need to watch out for here. The first one is pulling ads too early. So, if an ad's getting spend, the algorithm is still learning. So, give it some room to actually spend and get results. The second is keeping ads running out of hope. If something hasn't hit target after a few weeks or spent a lot of budget, holding onto it is just burning your budget, and it's very important to find the line between those two mistakes. So, what you want to do is write your decision criteria before an ad even goes live. So, always optimize for purchase, of course, not add to cart or traffic or view content, which surprisingly enough, I know a lot of you will be thinking, "Okay, that's obvious." Yeah, I still audit ad accounts spending a decent amount of money that are optimizing for the wrong thing, which is crazy in 2026. Because whatever you actually opt- imize for is what the pixel will learn to find. Now, rule five is track everything, not just what works. So, you need to know what angle was tested, what format, what hook, and what the result was for every single ad. Without that, you have no way to build on anything. An ad that underperformed at $500 spend can become a winner when one thing is changed, but only if you know what the element you need to change is. Now, a tracker, some kind of simple tracker is what separate brands that build on the results over time from brands that just keep starting off over and over again. Now, using these five rules, we took a supplement brand from 500 K to $1 million a month in Meta ad spend in 60 days. We took a car accessories brand from 90 K to over $2 million per month in revenue in just 7 months. Now, one of our clients came to us, they were working 12-hour days, running the ads himself, writing the scripts, managing every single piece of content himself, and still losing ground because his best ads were dying. He had no idea to replace them. So, he went from being the bottleneck in his own business to only having to approve final ads once a week. Now, the creative was built from the customer research, tested with structure, and then iterated based on what the data was actually saying. That's what this system can actually produce. And in 2026, the brands that have it are going to keep pulling further ahead than the ones that don't. So, if you want my team to run this for your brand, the research, the angles, the creative system, the link is in the description, and you can book a free call. We'll audit your ad account, show you exactly which angles are worth testing, and map out what this looks like for your brand specifically. Now, if you want to see the full process in action, how we go from a blank page to a complete creative package for a real brand step-by-step, I broke that down in this video right here, and I'll see you in the next one.

  Top Comments:
  1. @nbrayn [1 likes]: Awesome video Adam 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥

- Mass Effect: Andromeda – Scientific or Military Outpost?: Kind: captions Language: en after completing the first Remnant Vault players get the chance to settle their first Andromeda Outpost as the Pathfinder it is the player's decision of how the Andromeda initiative approaches life in the Andromeda galaxy and players get to choose between settling a military or scientific Outpost one of the biggest questions that we've seen asked about this particular decision is does it even matter the short answer is no not really while the decision does change some of the conversations that you have with certain NPCs the overall impact that it has on the game and its story are minimal that doesn't mean the decision isn't important though while it may seem to some like this decision is pointless it allows players to build the riter that they want their character to be because of this we suggest choosing an option that fits best with your character's role and then playing along with that role throughout the rest of the story if the character that you've created is more scientific then by all means go with the scientific route however if you believe your character is more of the warrior Soldier type then feel free to set up a military Outpost no matter which decision you choose to go with the side mission sleeping dragons will be triggered and several protesters will set up shop in the nexus's Hydroponics area we already have a complete guide on how to complete sleeping dragons and get rid of the protesters so feel free to check that out for additional help on that Quest The Outpost type that you choose will also determine some of the things that you hear from various leaders of the Andromeda Initiative for instance kandros the head of security on the Nexus isn't very happy with your decision to choose science over military and he lets you know in a meeting after you return to the Nexus small things like this affect how NPC see your Pathfinder but overall they hold no true death to the main story line and that's it for the video if you liked what you saw be sure to like And subscribe be sure to check our description for more mass effect and drama content check back every weekday for another Prima 365 and for more content like this be sure to head over to primagames.com

  Top Comments:
  1. @conspiratorofplots8059 [76 likes]: military has them helping you in final battle
  2. @curtisjames2443 [42 likes]: Is it just me or does ME3 have better detailed graphics
  3. @Bassywassy20 [19 likes]: First time I went with a research outpost. Then after seeing a completely open-air outpost on a foreign planet surrounded by unknown aggressive life and hostile aliens I doubted my decision. As proven by the first few outpost attempts - what use is a scientific outpost if you can't keep a foothold on Eos? Better go a bit military, and then start building homes around it.

Actually the reason for scientific outpost for me was that there was a scarcity of primary needs on the Nexus. But again what use is that when... what I wrote before.

But hey any consolation is that 50% of the population will agree with you, and the other 50% won't! So you can't make a popular choice! Cora wants a military outpost because of the Kett, Vetra wants a scientific outpost because 'that's what you came there to do'. So hurray!
  4. @Voltage256 [18 likes]: See tbh I think reasons like this was why alot of ppl didn't like the game don't get me wrong I loved it currently playing through again for the 8th time 😂 but there was so many missed opportunities for making major decisions that could change the game throughout the story. This could have been a big choice to make and instead it was kinda just thrown away.
  5. @Weekend658 [16 likes]: I’m pissed I don’t get to settle an outpost in Aya the Best looking place period. 

I have to choose ice cold death ☠️ islands.  Wtf.
  6. @Response1980 [10 likes]: Thank you for the straight up no bullshit answer
  7. @battlesheep2552 [7 likes]: So the choice determines what kind of role you are playing as? What is this, some sort of roleplaying game?
  8. @sune6708 [5 likes]: Thank you!
  9. @ragequittingmike7709 [4 likes]: 6 years late, thanks for the straight forward answer
  10. @viva7642 [3 likes]: Military!! Kill them all!! =D But then again, knowledge conquers!
  11. @andrewwatkins9363 [2 likes]: Hmm
  12. @GoliathGear [1 likes]: I mean you were sent to research and learn about these planets and the remnant tech is new to us but seance there is so many unknown threats out there like the kett and the remnant and dangerous alien beast too it’s best to have military bases and wean things calm down they can start making research bases
  13. @MyJackel13: I wanted military the whole time
  14. @MrASK1989: which outpost is best ??
  15. @kurhooni5924: Imo its dumb to go scientist, for the simple fact that every human scientist structures that u discovered on this planet was destroyed, yes having scientist is important i guess , but for a first outpost, considering the menace around, i only see military as the right choice

- Chill Out; Human Engineer Build - MASS EFFECT: ANDROMEDA MULTIPLAYER: Kind: captions Language: en hey FX agent is Mobius y here with another video for Mass Effect Andromeda multiplayer kicking off 2018 with another two-part character build guide and today we're looking at the common grade human engineer I don't know why I didn't do a build guide for these characters a long time ago because I've had the male at level 20 for actually several months so I guess I kind of forgot about him but I also don't understand why this guy isn't played more in pubs because he is extremely powerful both the male and female human engineer a they are a little more weapon dependent this particular build I should say is a little more weapon dependent than other caster classes if you're using something that's kind of out of place like a disciple shotgun or a Vanquisher sniper rifle doesn't really synergize too great with the play style or power synergy that you are trying to incorporate incorporate with the build and if you're also just using a crappy gun over a good gun for example a phalanx pistol over either the Rosa red or say the charger S then again your effectiveness is going to drop significantly so we're just gonna break it down going into the powers and I'll go over the equipment and consumables that I used later this build is focused on basically completely nuking small clusters of enemies and at a very fast pace the damage output is extremely good with the powers combination as well as the passive bonuses that you get especially from the offensive tech passive bonuses to your powers they're your powers do significant damage the combos that you do with them do significant damage and if you have a good weapon you can keep dishing out good damage provided that you're not using a piece of to be totally honest so starting off with a breakdown of the powers the human engineers get cryo beam as their initial active power this is kind of your go-to combo primer because the other power overload doesn't really prime nearly as well that's kind of your detonator but cryo Beam is a great primer it's a great deep especially against armored it also slows enemies and it can actually do some damage on appropriate characters with good power damage boosts so took this all the way up to rank six I went I ranked four I went with the 30% reduction in recharge speed which is really handy rank five I took the radius upgrade the brutal freeze with the plus 65% armored defense debuff that is significant that is a lot and it tacks on with the initial 50% armored debuff that cryo beam automatically has so it's basically a 115 percent armor debuff so it is a huge debuff against bosses and sub-bosses if you take this brutal freeze option but the rank 5 radius for what you're going for for what I was particularly going for I should say with this character build the rank 5 radius upgrade is the way to go because in order to be able to quickly freeze solid small clusters of enemies or slow small clusters of enemies or just deal damage to small clusters of enemies you need to be able to hit all of them with a single cast of cryo beam and not have to try and hit each and every single one of them with enough of the beams sustained output in order to actually snap freeze them I'm not really wording it very well but simply put if you have four enemies tightly packed together normally you only have the two or so seconds that you have to cast cryo beam but try and freeze solid all of them by targeting each one individually you simply can't do that it's pretty much impossible because you need to put the beam on them for too long at a time you you'll maybe get two of them but with the radius upgrade here you can you can freeze solid all of them just by targeting one guy and the nearby enemies are affected as well the beam freezes targets in a small radius around its impact point it does exactly that and it's super awesome rank 6 the snap freeze choice is the way to go because this essentially creates any sub bosses or more importantly MOOCs that are frozen solid and turns them into a very small bomb basically shattering frozen targets causes additional damage to nearby foes and snap freezes nearby defenses defenseless scuse me enemies so enemies without armor or shields will also be snap frozen if they are caught within these micro explosions they get plus 200% frozen shatter damage plus 100% frozen shut or force and plus 150% frozen shatter radius so this does huge damage when somebody is frozen solid a MOOC or a sub boss that does not have armor when they are frozen solid and they die they don't have to explode or anything like that from a combo or anything they just have to die so you can kill them by shooting them down with your bullets or you can somebody else can kill them with with a hail of bullets or with a different power altogether or when they die wins you cast overload on somebody and set off a cryo combo and then one of them dies it just sets off a massive chain reaction where a group of enemies will die and you'll see what I'm talking about in the gameplay it's super cool and we make that happen with the additional powers on this particular build assault turret in order to make this super powerful I had to sacrifice that assault turret there's really no way around it to include maximum survivability and just the raw damage output of the usual the frozen shattering combination I put nothing into a salt turret it's not how I had this initially I did play this character for a long time as a kind of a jack-of-all-trades or with a jack-of-all-trades kind of build but I didn't really like the how I was going with with the potential especially so I dropped the respect card when this guy was close to level 20 and I played him several times when he was at level 20 so I was far more satisfied with making the sacrifice to assault turret you don't want to forget that you have it they'll throw it out here and there I have a bad habit of forgetting that it even exists until I have no shields and I just throw it out to start my shields - from - to immediately start recharging basically overload this is your shield stripper and this is also your detonator took this all the way to rank 6 for obvious reasons rank 4 you want the recharge speed reduction plus 25% reduction and recharge speed at rank 5 plus 60% damage shields you want this one definitely it goes nicely with the rank six EMP upgrade which does another plus 60% damage versus shields and plus 15% damage versus synthetics so these two shield damage bonus is combined with another shield damage bonus in offensive tech which you'll see in a minute here it absolutely strips sub-boss shields and preps them for you to just hit them with a cryo beam immediately and freeze some of them solid so normally you would expect to go with the cryo beam and then overload combo in order to set off cryo explosions or should I say cryo combos as much as possible but there's there's more times than not where if there is even one sub boss in a small cluster of enemies or if you're just facing off against a single sub-boss by itself say what's a good example an elder pariah or a kid anointed or even a cat destined you hit them with an overload and their shields are gone immediately so you can start to hit them with the cryo beam freeze them solid and just prep them for an easy kill as well as doing some area damage with the froze and shatter damage so really handy way to strip shields very quickly it's also super handy for dealing with things like shields on certain remnant bosses like the destroyer in particular and other sub boss is the what's the flying one the Redmond observer for example offensive techs so the power picks in this tech tree synergized super well with the as I said they come the the combination of powers that you want to incorporate with the play with the play style of this particular build rank for take the Congo detonation damage plus 50% all combo damage plus 30% all combo radiuses at rank 5 anti shield an additional plus 40% power damage bonus to shields this ensures that sub-boss is on goal difficulty will have their shield stripped if hit with a charged or an uncharged overload it does the job absolutely and at rank 6 elemental tech inflicting a status effect to enemies causes them to take more damage from heat cold and electricity this is super handy for went for those few moments which do happen in a single game where your overload is not uncool down and you do have a small group of enemies that are frozen even some sub bosses could be part of it as well and this this basically means that your overload will do an additional 35 percent extra damage to the target as well as if you charge it to chain it'll do an additional it a few additional points of damage to who it chains to so looking at this objectively let's say you come across a group of three enemies and one of them's a sub boss let's let's just say it's an outlaw pariah and then you have two Raiders next to them you shoot the shields of the pariah off and then immediately hit them with a cryo beam and the Raiders are close enough were there they initially get slowed but then also frozen by the cryo beam so now you have ad shielded and partially health damaged outlaw pariah frozen solid with two Raiders sitting nearby and you have your overload ready to go you charge up your overload and your overload hits the pariah setting off a cryo combo and also jumping to the to the two Raiders and then when the pariah dies it also creates that shatter that kind of what's a call that shatter a mini explosion the frozen mini explosion when the pariah dies that damage from the cryo combo and the chain overload and the pariahs frozen frozen shatter force transfers into all that damage being applied to the Raiders as well and it just sets off a chain reaction if any other enemies run within the radius of their dead bodies as well they will also take some damage from the from the bodies shattering and they if there's any other unprotected enemies like more Raiders that run into the range of the explode of the mini explosion the shatter explosion they will be snap frozen as well so it's a huge amount of damage that gets done into a small group of enemies in a very very rapid amount of time and you'll see it in the game played there's some small clusters as some small clusters of enemy excuse me that just get absolutely nuked support systems this was for survivability rank for 20x plus 25% power area-of-effect this is the important part it increases the radius of your cryo beam so you will it just makes it easier to catch multiple enemies Titan better packed not super tight but tight enough within a small radius rank five advanced construction this does give plus twenty percent tech construct health but more importantly you get an additional plus twenty percent max health and Max shields to your character as well and I rank six shield reset once every ten seconds using a tech power causes shields to recharge immediately rather than after the standard delay this is pretty pretty huge I feel for survivability over the tech sabotage option hitting enemies with powers causes them to temporarily deal less damage you could cause them to have a damage debuff of thirty percent for eight seconds or near in debt or nearly indefinitely if you are constantly hitting the same big boss with cryo beam and overload combos for example but I don't really feel that says huge because certain enemies like bosses for example that down you in two or three hits will still down you in two or three hits if they are debuff tore not so I didn't really see much point in that the shield reset is way better for survivability and this is why I say don't forget to throw your turret out now and then because sometimes you'll find yourself running around you are still quite healthy but you've been D shielded and just escaping from a fight you're about to go into another one so you just throw your turret and a random spot to start the shield regeneration process super handy that way plus you get a little buddy that dishes out a little bit extra damage and could take some aggro off of you so that's basically it for the for the power distribution this setup gets more powerful if you don't have the human male engineer at great 20 it just gets more powerful as you unlock more character cards form to because at grade 20 you get the additional 39 percent power damage bonus and 39 percent combo detonation damage so again going back to the example where you have a pariah plus two Raiders you have all this extra power damage being focused on a tight group of enemies and it just absolutely nukes them and just wipes them from the board so for for the weapon in the game and on this particular nothing fancy nothing spectacular and seven hurricane dumps out damage especially at close range and also is really good for applying mo effects if you are using an ammo consumable which I do recommend nothing fancy for the mods either just pistol damage and pistol magazine mods very straightforward there for equipment I like the Omni capacitors because it reduces the cooldown by 15% as well as increases tech power damage which is super handy so squeezing out even more tech power damage with the piece of equipment as well as increasing the efficiency of your powers a little bit which is super handy and then for boosters in the gameplay I went with a tech power amp by grade two one in particular just to squeeze out more power from my from my cryo beam and my overload and I went with incendiary ammo grade 2 because apparently have a lot of them so I just threw that on to help deal with whatever armored bosses we came across in the mission incendiary ammo is pretty nice too because you can use it to prime fire combos which you can detonate with with your with your overload detonator power so that pretty much sums it up for the for the character build something I didn't really point out the reason why I like going with both recharge speed reductions on cryo beam and overload despite the fact that cryo beam gets better recharge speed reductions plus 10% input and 30% reductions and overloading gets 10% and 25% plus it also initially has a longer recharge time of 12 seconds over cryo beams 10 seconds is the truth is that despite cryo beam having technically 2 seconds lower recharge time than overload you're going to be casting cryo beam for those extra two seconds almost every time you use it in order to set up a mini group nuke basically so the you got to take that into account when you are figuring out whether or not you are ok with these differences in recharge time or not because cryo beam you can't cast it for about 2 or 3 seconds and you have to take that into account to the recharge time so technically cryo beams recharge time is about 9 or 10 seconds with this particular and overloads we'll be about nine seconds so they're very on par with each other if you are using the combos at a constant rate you'll find that the recharge times are extremely on par with each other so when when one power is ready to go chances are the other one's ready to go as well if you are always using them in tandem so that basically summarizes this character build if for part two where it shows game play on goal difficulty check the link in the description below where I rock this exact same build with these exact same pieces of equipment and boosters on a goal difficulty mission so thank you very much for watching this has been mobius weifare Mass Effect Andromeda z-- multiplayer and I will see you on the battlefield good luck apex

- When Mass Effect Andromeda's Alpha Build Looked Better...: Kind: captions Language: en so I'm currently in the process of creating a video in which I Chronicle Mass Effect andromeda's development cycle in an attempt to figure out just what the hell went wrong and part of that process involves me going back and sifting through Mass Effect Andromeda information and news throughout the months leading up to the game's launch during this process I Came Upon This Old leaked Alpha footage of the game that made its round starting April 1st 2006 I don't know if you remember this but alongside showing our first footage of Mass Effect andromeda's jetpack in action the leaked footage also featured an early build of one of andromeda's cutscenes I actually remember watching this footage when it was first uploaded over a year ago but it's been a while since and I had completely forgotten about it now back then a lot of people questioned the validity of this leaked footage because it was uploaded during April Fool's Day but we now that the footage is no joke since the final game does have jetpacks and the cut scene in the leaked footage is featured in the final game so as soon as I stumbled upon this footage again just for the heck of it I decided that I would compare side by side the old Alpha footage with the final results I figured surely the final scene will look significantly better than this alpha build that's a logical assumption to make right boy was I in for a surprise we all know that mass effect Andromeda didn't ship with the best of Polish but I didn't realize just truly how badly this game had been downgraded until I compared the alpha footage with the final results and it's at this point that I decided this is worth sharing with you guys this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] is worth exposing I'd like to begin by showing you what the cut scene looks like in the leaked footage check it out and now here's what the cut scene looks like in the final game what I'm doing Pathfinder don't you worry I'll just wait oh my God even when looking at them separately the sheer downgrade in quality is obvious but it becomes even more prominent when the two footage are compared side by side check it out when I'm doing Pathfinder don't you God wait I mean the difference is night and day the alpha build not only has better looking character models better weather effects and better lighting just look at the difference in facial animations in the alpha build the character actually looks like he's dying in pain and Agony whereas in the final game the dude has this Dead face throughout the whole sequence and I'm just Str Ling to understand what the hell happened how can the alpha build look so much better and so much more complete than the final game now just to give you even more context according to an industry Insider going by the username Shinobi 602 who has made numerous accurate leaks in the past this footage was taken from an alpha build of the game from as far back as late 2014 that's right folks a build from 2 and 1/2 years ago from 20 freaking 14 looks way better than whatever BioWare turned out in 2017 now here's the funny part in Shinobi 602s post regarding how the footage was from the 2014 build he also added it doesn't look like this now and this was posted back in 2016 this last bit was most likely in response to some of the skepticism surrounding Mass Effect andromeda's visuals after people saw this footage yes people actually complained about the 2014 build that looks better than the 2017 build and this was Shinobi 602 reassuring people that this is Alpha don't worry the final game will probably look better well Shinobi 602 wasn't entirely wrong when he said that the game doesn't look like this now because it ended up looking way worse folks complained about Mass Effect andromeda's 2014 Alpha visuals but now those are the visuals that I wish we would have gotten how sad is that does andromeda's alpha build look perfect no but it's sure as hell beats this I am truly struggling to understand what the hell happened I mean I get that games go through various graphical revisions for optimization purposes and all that but this right here is a downgrade on an unprecedented level the downgrade in facial animations in particular is truly shocking they really couldn't bother to just take what they had created for 2014 and then touched it up for the final build did they decide to just throw away 2014's handt touched facial animations and replace it with whatever the facial animation algorithm of the game engine turned out I don't know that's all I can think of because this whole Fiasco is beyond comprehension all I know is that this right here is very telling of a development Studio that is in utter disarray and this might explain why so many key BioWare members left the company in the middle of andromeda's development I get the sense that all of these people jumped from the sinking ship that is modern-day BioWare to pursue more fruitful Avenues and I don't blame them at all and it's really sad because this trend of graphical downgrades is actually nothing too new games from Publishers like Ubisoft have been doing this for many years and a prime example of this is the first Watchdog game it just sucks to see this happen to a one's beloved video game developer like BioWare and a beloved video game series like Mass Effect I can only hope that BioWare learn from their mistakes get their [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] together and start forging a path towards their former glory but yeah there you go folks a Showcase of just how much worse the final build of Mass Effect Andromeda is compared to its 2014 alpha build counterpart what more can I say other than how the mighty have fallen let us know in the comments below if you have any theories for what could have happened behind the scenes that made for such significant downgrades throughout the course of 2 and 1/2 to 3 years and to be further updated on more video game news reviews and discussions stay tuned right here on y yeah I'll see you guys next time out

  Top Comments:
  1. @YongYea [87 likes]: If you'd like to help this channel stay self-sustained and free from annoying third party sponsorship and influence, please consider showing your support on my Patreon. Much love! http://www.patreon.com/yongyea
  2. @ChimeratAlpha [2 likes]: Theory: They couldn't leave that cutscene in. It would have exposed just how bad the rest of the game looked.
  3. @uniteddreams7065 [1 likes]: The characters in the final build of this controversial game thanks to the controversial frostbite engine and the end result.....The time crunch and constant struggle look like they all suffered Bell's palsy. This is what Bioware and EA get for arrogance, greed, ambition and lack of vision spelling all in one word...CONTROVERSY.
  4. @Whalewraith [1 likes]: I'm coming to your videos on the back of hype for ME legendary. Man this company's on a downward streak, the bodged ME ending, Dragon Age inquisition Andromeda. Damn.
  5. @billybobscat6233 [1 likes]: I wish we could get a patch for this.. make it good again.. I also wish maybe someone would at least make a home brew version at least. Seeing how Bio definitely won't be attempting anything about this at this point.. Bastards..
  6. @neonstream6935 [1 likes]: I know this is old...but maybe there were to many glitches that happened or the normal users pc at the time wasn't good enough for people to have those types of graphics? Then again, why then wouldn't they just make THIS be able to be seen when you have graphics set to full? Still confuses me.
  7. @blackfield1355 [1 likes]: What the fuck happened?
  8. @UKFX [1 likes]: The question is, is why? Why did they do this?
  9. @Justin-rs1ug [1 likes]: The krogan looked better in the alpha the human not so much
  10. @dejantodorovic7197 [1 likes]: In their alpha build they where probably still using the unreal engine that the previous games also used, before they were probably forced by EA to change to their shitty "house-made" Frostbite engine, i guess. Would explain the graphical downgrade and the shitload of bugs.
  11. @excitedme530 [1 likes]: i think it's probably due to the engine switch? and the infamous switch to maya.
  12. @roadhouse6999 [1 likes]: BioWare only released Andromeda to prove that you can fight like a Krogan, run like a leopard, but you'll never be better than Commander Shepard.
  13. @14pat78: both look like shit
  14. @Alitheone6618: [Sigh]
  15. @HasanBabasi: God I hope ME4 uses the unreal engine. Every time I think about the alpha footage it makes me so mad at what could have been.
  16. @sussy_61: it is cgi, it is not pre rendered ingame
  17. @kyreegreen9248: I think because the first one it’s 4K and the second one is the plain ps4
  18. @martinmarcos5340: 5:53 Did Zachary Quinto develop this game?
  19. @michaelflores9220: I encountered only ONE glitch in my copy of the game; A cutscene with Java and Liam where there are two of Java.
  20. @pedambr199: downgraded, so consoles can run it

- Mass Effect™ Andromeda (PS4)  Sara Ryder establishes a colony on Voeld: Kind: captions Language: en scoffs I know this area from your mind for exhaustion you can extract minerals by your mining interface Liam I'm getting a lot of anomaly reports from one prospector really weird reports let me guess Olin would travel solo and we cremate my colleagues could probably change is freedom Lofton just forward it to me I'll translate for colonial says maybe loop in a psychiatrist Freud would love this guy right game the thing to of lithium while we're at it I find it this renders like they have to send system the protective idea of minor shooting the device under fire Danity to wear my clothes determine that however that may be devices that other an invitation [Music] look tested up camp Jill first enabled so there's a control center for ket shuttles unfold this message contains a fragmented passcode is responsible terminals I can reassemble it we can take out the control center this price affordable for an addition about responder another memory trigger one of the father's memories is now accessible route under dominant on the Hyperion to investigate brother come from congratulations Pathfinder this was a wheelchair assistance cam falcon or extra supplies director addison no personal appearance they see an outpost is a big deal thank you but no I suffered financial to these extremes Real Salt pathfinder I have governess tribes already up my ass about example if local and God was on hold we have a problem we are good right as much as you brought us we can't afford to enter the neighbor procedure was followed as I invented it don't worry we were invited good we need every drop of liability especially after this cat person p bold health cold as it is it changes excellence in our favor but the initiative needs you to find more we never really done decided isn't something that just and and def another matter so amenable statement for the arc is this really the time pathfinder was always a symbol like output flag hanging in the comment the people need a connection to reality on the ground address some park liner what does it mean bo was is a hard world it's not without life it has history people it was worth fighting for we're not walking into the unknown we're joining something that is better than we hoped for the code is behind us out of mouth pleasure to meet you pathfinder priya blake captain about post Tara Guney I'm glad you're here I thought we'd have to deal with this on our own what's the problem is it the cat no at least I don't think so a few of my drill technicians went missing on a research expedition west of here we've tried their calm like in nothing but static whatever happens they're not safe out there you need to find them we're not equipped for a full search especially into dangerous territory I don't know what to do I was supposed to keep these people safe I've already failed them don't lose hope I'll find your people coming from you I believe it their research log is in the lab maybe you're a I compete together the corrupted data and get in that point we're staking a claim what does the initiative won't was foaled look at the landscape what do you think ice a lot of ice water bold as a massive endless source of it we're proud to service the initiatives first ice runners we mined the ice here and haul at the colonies where water is scarce like eels even the Nexus the more people we wake from cryo the more resources will need our ice runners make sure water is never a problem you picked a mouthful of a name for the outpost it's shalash and Garen language means forward together it represents the close relationship we have with the engar here on bold glad to hear you're working together this is their world because of you they trusted us enough to give us a place in it now it's my job just meant that bond will do our best to earn what they've given us were you and the Alliance too I was an alliance officer for a decade before I got sick of being a pawn in the council's power plays great about the initiative and figured it'd be a fresh start a chance to make a real difference you ever missed the Alliance given the chance i'd make this choice all over again but when i see the resistance push against the cat makes me wonder fine days behind a gun aren't real over I have to say I'm surprised being gar lettuce put an outpost here a portion of the ice cream mine goes to their blockade runner who take it to resistance bases all over the cluster water for their soldiers it feels good to do our part against the kit however small I should head out come back if you need anything how far did the drill text have to dig Pathfinder welcome to scenic vole hope you're enjoying the view to the east I to the west alright at least you're not in cryo anymore right look around this is cryo but i'll enjoy this frozen hell if it means completing my research what are you researching i'm studying ways we can harness geothermal activity as a source of energy believe it or not the low volt surface is a maze of heated geothermal vents keeps the planet from becoming completely inhospitable but just barely and you can use it as a power source that's the hope i hear the end gaara are doing something similar i won't let me get close so I'm determined to find the solution on my own I'm good for now don't freeze to death out there damn you get anything from this mess analyzing it's been frustrating to come to a single that point updating now let's rescue a few very frozen cast the engine is have 62 is any a pathfinder responsible for making this place happen I'm Liz Ennis Aleppo because of you I have the best job in the galaxy which is I'm an ice runner I get to dodge the scourge and outrun the cat to bring water to the colony doesn't get more exciting in that facing danger to make everyone's life better I wonder you love it when you put it that way your job isn't too different take it easy no fun in that make sure to me yoke who keeps to himself we don't eat them spreading its bad attitude

- Inside Meta’s Andromeda AI: How Ads Are Really Optimized: Kind: captions Language: en If you're running ads right now and you feel like you're flying blind, you're not alone. Right? So Meta wants you to think you're in control. I'll tell you something. You're not. The big rorowaz equals profit is a lie. Behind the scenes, the system works very differently. And if you don't know how to play the game, you're going to lose money. So in this video, I'm breaking down, right? I'm breaking down what Meta doesn't tell you about how its ads really work. I tell you how to structure your account and create a flow for actual profit and how top brands are growing in 2025 without guessing. Right. So, let's get into it. Right. So, let's start with this. You're not in control, right? So, meta looks like it's giving you control. You're in there audience selection, budget, input, rorowaz numbers. But the moment you use advantage plus broad targeting or CBO, you've handed the wheel to meta, right? That's not always a bad thing. But here's the issue. Meta doesn't know when you want to test something. We've seen it over and over again, right? You launch six new creatives. Meta burns 80% of your budget on one or two inside the first 48 hours. And sometimes the best performing ad never even gets a chance. So it's not even testing. It's really kind of just guessing it. So Meta won't tell you is that its optimization engine is designed for user experience, not brand testing structure. So if you don't control your inputs, you don't control your results. So be very careful about, you know, just giving meta everything and letting it run. You want to still maintain control or at least understand what's happening when you're building out your campaigns. You know, it's your business after all. So obviously Meta brought out Andromeda, which is a new AI backend system. I made a video about it if you want to check it out. But yeah, it personalizes everything down to the user level. Who sees the ad? Which variation in which order? And the only thing it cares about is making the experience enjoyable for that user. Doesn't care about your brand goals. It doesn't care about your split test or your quarterly sales target. At least I believe that. It's constantly asking, did the user pause? Did they engage? Did they click? And did they convert? And you are no longer buying the traffic. You're just buying the attention in my opinion, right? So the attention is earned. It's not targeted. And what you want to do is you want to take that into consideration when you're building out your campaigns and understand that that's how Meta is actually putting together its hypothesis as to who is going to see your ads. I'm sure we've heard this now, but yeah, you know, creative is media buying now. The biggest shift, you know, you're not competing with other brands in your niche. You're competing with every ad for every product out there because they want the users to enjoy their time. Let us feed is one long dopamine loop to slot machine and if your ad doesn't feel native it actually does get skipped right so that's why we tell clients you need a creative pipeline not just one good ad not two you need weekly UGC weekly statics founderled motion graphics native style ads offer driven creatives that perform and format native right so many needs volume and variation to do its job correctly otherwise you're just hoping to spend on the right thing so let's make sure that we're we're taking that into consideration big creative pipeline Now, my favorite conversation. Let's kill the sacred cow. Rowaz. It's the number that everyone chases and the number that ruins businesses. A 4x row in our marketing might look amazing until you realize that you've got zero new customers at the top of the funnel. You could have got those people in with your email campaign or they probably would have came back anyway. Ro tells you how Meta thinks it performed. It does not tell you if you made money. real brands to track me or contribution margin, new customer CAC, CAC to LTV ratio, and that's how you measure profitable scale. So, not just short-term spikes. Got to be really careful about that. And what winning brands are doing, right? So, here's what the top Shopify brands that we work with are doing right now. So, number one, they forecast. They know what a profitable meta account looks like. They build a consistent pipeline of creative every single week. They're tracking CAT to LTV ratio, not just rorowaz. They map out spend, revenue, contribution margin before they scale. And they optimize a full funnel, not just uh the individual ad account, right? So they also have a fully built out retention system, email, SMS, loyalty programs. And yeah, they're not just spending more, they're spending smarter with systems. The algorithm isn't your enemy, but it's your best friend, right? So you need to meet it halfway or they're going to chew your budget and it's going to move on. It's thinking about the customer. It's not thinking about you in my opinion. If your brand is ready to scale, but you feel like you're missing the strategy, let's change that. We've helped brands grow from 30 grand months to 300 grand months using our structured planning, performance, forecasting, and a content engine that fuels meta with what it wants. So, go ahead and book a strategy call myself if you're interested. I can fill you in on more of that. And yeah, if you want more uh real growth content like this, please do hit subscribe. No fluff, no recycle tips, just straight up strategy that works, maybe. And we'll see you in the next

  Top Comments:
  1. @davidemmons698 [1 likes]: Dude, the music is too loud and distracting. I'm trying to listen to you!!!!
  2. @Siratemustaqeem761 [1 likes]: Don't stop making these
  3. @znexASMR [1 likes]: Great insights
  4. @EXCEED-u3y [1 likes]: Hey do you need a thumbnaili designer ?

- Master Meta Ads Cost Control with Andromeda Update: Kind: captions Language: en All right, guys. If you're looking to figure out how to still incorporate cost controls into your Facebook ads with the latest Andromeda update, but you're not really sure what to do, this video is for you. And without further ado, let's just hop right into it. All right, guys. So, I put this together and I'm going to get into ad accounts after this. But I want to lay down the foundation of what changed, what happened, and what you should do now. So, bid caps versus cost caps versus highest volume is what I'm going to be focusing on here. Andromeda changed everything. And if you want to learn about what changed, click this video and then come back to increase your efficiencies. So, we all know what happened. Basically, manual controls are becoming more and more obsolete. Whether that's now in the future, my agency experienced a devastating September of 2025, it's now February when this goes out. So, Andromeda happened. So, what do we do now? Personally, my belief is that Andromeda has actually increased the opportunity for cost caps and bid caps. We're going to get into that. So, obviously 2025 audience selection. We picked yoga interest, coffee interest, whatever interest it was. Now, creative is the formula for targeting your users. So, the retrieval stage has changed. Andromeda now scales millions of candidate ads. Then they rank and short list those and then the auction is where the winner is determined. So bid times quality times relevance. Those three factors now contribute to this new algorithm. So because Andromeda builds a smarter short list at stage one right here. The ads are reaching the auction faster which makes bidding strategies [clears throat] actually more important. So we have two different options in this scenario. Bid caps or cost caps. And I'm going to break down the difference so that you know when to use them and what your target cost per bid or result should be. So basically Meta is going to bid dynamically. There's going to be an average over a 7-day window where you basically are telling Meta, hey, give me as many purchases as possible around $40. So day one, you might have all three of these. Day four, all of these. The weekly average will come in at that average and it's pretty accurate and I'll show you guys some cost caps, cost per result goals we have in ad accounts. Just bear with me for two minutes. What this is going to allow is your ad to enter the auction more frequently, more flexible. Meta has room knowing that some days it might even be a $50 cost per purchase. Other days it might be a $30. The weakness is that they do vary significantly. they do overspend and sometimes it does take longer to stabilize which means you're going to need to make sure that you have your daily budget set appropriately to exit the learning phase. So cost caps will generally run these and they work and they are pretty efficient in these campaigns, but bid caps will allow for exact control. So literally you're saying don't ever enter in an auction based on a conversion rate of the likelihood of purchasing for more than $40. So Meta enters the auction 38 $38 Meta enters the auction opportunity 45. It does not even bid for that placement. So all conversions under $40 literally might never enter the auction which is why I guarantee that many of you when you do bid caps you actually don't ever spend any money. So, this is a really great way of scaling efficiently when you know you're never going to overbid to enter the auction. So, why are they making a comeback now? And no one's talking about this. I've watched so many YouTube videos. No one is talking about this. But now, Meta understands the retrieval system way better. There are efficiency gains that are occurring within the ad account and your budget is protected. So, here's what we should do. cost caps. Set it roughly 50% of your target costs per acquisition. So if the target's 100, try 50. Try 60. Do it less than that. Your daily budget should be two times the target cost per purchase. So if the target's 100 should be 200. This forces Andromeda to pursue only the cheapest most highest probability conversions while giving the algorithm or your pixel whatever enough room to continue to learn. So when do you want to use cost caps with the latest Andromeda update? Do it for scaling winners. This is 100% as accurate as possible. Top of the funnel prospecting consistency and a little bit of more hands-off management. So run a CBO, larger budgets, it's perfect. When to use bid caps, shorter term campaigns or strict profit margins. So some of the accounts that we work in, we want to make sure we're hitting targets. So what that means is that if we have a highest volume running and we have a retargeting running and maybe the highest volume or our testing campaign isn't delivering the efficiency we need, let's squeeze in that bid cap campaign. Although the volume of purchases might be less, it's going to increase the overall account efficiency, which is super important when you're a performance agency. This will help us to control budgets and bids so efficiently. And I can show you in just one moment in this ad account. You guys can clearly see very small account. We're talking about thousand not even $500 a day spend right now roughly. You can see we have this scale campaign. One campaign, one adset, multiple creatives. See that they're all spending money for the most part. You got your couple winners. Then if we dive into our bid cap campaign, you can see the efficiency. 2.32 cost per purchase $4 less than the highest volume. We look last 7 days. Same thing. Not a huge difference, but it's again that $34 difference which matters when it comes down to efficiency. So this is a super important way to think about your ads. So what do we do? Testing phase I always go 20% of the overall budget 10 to 15 creatives per month. Duration 7 days scaling target cost per purchase or cost cap. And then the control where you're really trying to scale can be bid caps. Now, please keep in mind that bid caps depending on market conditions like the elections that can sway bids massively. So, you always have to be super cognizant. Check on your ad account. Check on your bids. I like to do a structured CBO campaign, multiple adsets with different bids so that I can make sure that we are being as efficient as possible without overspending. The goal, if you have your daily budget set at $1,000, should be that you're getting $500 in spend. If you're at $10,000 a day, you should be getting $5,000 a day spent. That is when I know more or less that the efficiency is there and we can keep scaling. So, how do you set all this up? Again, run highest volume. You should know within this account, we have a $20, $19 cost per purchase. Super important. Make sure that this has been going on for a little while. Then, set your current average cost per purchase, not your dream one. If scaling, set it 10 to 20% above current average to ensure delivery. And then, optimize over time. If you're not spinning the budget, your bid cap's too tight. Open it up a little bit. If it's wildly above target, probably not a bidding issue. You have a creative issue. And then learning limited, your bid cap is too aggressive. So, here's the formula. Screenshot this one. I'm not going to dive too deep into it, but this is the more or less how you set up your bid caps. And here is exactly how we are doing things. New campaigns, no history, highest volume, testing, new creative, highest volume or cost cap. We generally will go highest volume with cost per purchase goals that our media buyers are executing at scaling proving winners cost caps retargetings bid caps flash sales etc. This is the bluewater system that we are using across the board. Now target rorowaz also serves a purpose in the whole Andromeda cost control conversation. Why it works is because cost caps and bidcaps optimize for volume. Target Rowz optimizes for highest value. So the theory is that Target rorowes is actually going to find the person who's going to spend more at your store, not just the person who's going to make a purchase. That is important because we can get great cost per purchases in here, but if they're still purchasing the lowest value thing in the store, our rorowaz is trash. So the key is to keep in mind that you might want to sprinkle this into your ad account, but make sure everything's clean. Highest volume, cost per purchase or bid cap and a troz. So implementation, run these as normal. Duplicate winning ads into your target rorowes and set your target rorowes. Let this happen and expect to pay a little bit more because you're getting the better customer. So here is exactly how to go through with this. Stop trusting Advantage Plus blindly. Implement cost caps as a protection. And if Meta can't convert at your target, it won't spend. Now, here are some mistakes to avoid. Again, cost caps too low. Using bid caps for testing, you probably never get out of the learning phase or understand anything or you're going to spend way too much in testing that your overall account efficiency is going to tank. Micromanagement, guys. Let this thing run for 7 days. Ignoring creative. This is key. And if you watch my last video, which you can find right up here, you can see how we're creating so many ads to work within this. So, quick reference control cost caps averages over time. Bid caps are a hard set at the auction. Flexibility cost cap high none with bid caps. These are all super important, guys. And so, audit your current bidding. What strategies are you using? Are you a highest volume person? You've never done this before. Calculate your thresholds first. Understand your metrics, your margins. Where do you really need to acquire new customers? Then quickly and easily restructure and implement this rule. Next 30 days, run AB test. Same creative, different cost, cost, cap, bid cap. Implement target rorowaz to complement your best performance. Track results by strategy, not campaign type. And document these to see what is working. There's no winner. Only the right tool for the job. If you have any questions on any of these, my bid caps, I've always been a huge bid cap fan. If you have questions, leave one in the comments. I'll hop right in, help you answer whatever you can. I hope you guys enjoyed this. We'll see you in the next video.

  Top Comments:
  1. @jainiharia7423: Hey great video and super helpful! I do have a few questions:
1. You mentioned duplicating best performers to test roas goal as well as cost cap. Won’t that cannibalize data?
2. We set roas goal campaign and gave it a 50$ per day budget, but it is barely spending 12$ per day.
3. Our current budget is 300$ per day. Which strategies should we start working with?

Can we hop on a quick call? Have a few more questions actually.
  2. @GuaranteedPPC: I want to add, finding out what your true customer LTV is is a very important point to add to all of this...  Most people fail to calculate this right and therefore set their bidding targets wrong as a result.
  3. @VBM-Go: Incredible stuff, and perfect timing for me. Thanks for this man. Can i get the pdf or doc for your slides in this video. I want to print this out and have it on my desk

- META ADS Veteran Reveals Working Andromeda Strategy For Local Lead Gen: Kind: captions Language: en I've been on Facebook ads since about 2011. 2015, we took an ecom store from 800K to 26 million in 18 months. That caught Facebook's attention and working quite closely with Facebook execs in Ireland at their head office as well. Here I got invited out to Menllo Park back in 2015. I asked the engineer, I said like when the pixel is on the website, what's behind the data? How does it figure out like all this stuff? The core of it and the simplest way to understand and draw with those update is Facebook is saying, "Hey, we've got a ton of data on our users. Trust us with finding the right person for you. In exchange, give us enough creative, enough angles, enough variety, and a landing page or funnel that is self-explanatory and we'll do the rest." This whole thing about avatars and, you know, you talk about the research you do online and what people are talking about. Some people use Amazon, some use Reddit, whatever it is, that is like 80% of your success will lie there. 20% is all the config, the adsets, metrics and things like that. And that's where that methodology came out from. >> If you've been anywhere near the world of meta ads, then you've already heard the name Deepesh Mandelia. He's one of the most respected performance marketers [music] in the game. running ads since 2011, scaling brands from hundreds of thousands [music] to tens of millions of dollars in revenue, and even getting invited to Meta's headquarters in Menllo Park to work directly with the engineers who are building the algorithm every single day. This is somebody who manages millions [music] per month in advertising spend across e-commerce, info products, SAS, and even local businesses. And he's distilled all of that experience into frameworks, which we're going to be covering in this video. But not only that, you see, I've been getting messages every single day from people telling me that their ads have completely stopped working since the Andromeda update. So, I saw this as an absolute emergency to get Depes on the channel to go deep into exactly what is working with Andromeda and exactly how you can apply this to your campaigns. So, in this conversation, we go deep into what's actually working right now, why most advertisers are getting it wrong, and how you can leverage the algorithm the way it was intended to be leveraged. But not [music] only what works in general, but what works specifically for local business lead generation. I asked Deepesh all the questions that you want to know, such as what is the best testing strategy for Andromeda? What creatives work best for local business lead generation? How do we effectively test creatives without overspending on ads that are underperforming? What's the best way to improve lead quality? Should we be using lead forms or landing pages? And much, much more. I'm going to go as far as to say I think this might be the most important video that you watch when it comes to meta advertising. [music] So sit tight, grab a refreshment of your choice, get a pen and paper ready, and let's get straight into it. However, you're probably thinking, Sam, there's an insane amount of value to give away for [music] free. Well, I've got bad news. It's in fact not free. It costs just one thing, and that is a subscribe from you. If you enjoy this video and you're getting a ton of value, all I ask is that you hit the subscribe button in return. It's completely free. It takes you less than 1 second. And if you're feeling extra nice, go ahead and like the video as well. Okay, let's get straight into it. We're going to go into Andromeda because I obviously recently did a video about it. Most of my audience, we do mostly lead generation, but a lot of people will advertise their own products, whether that's like agency services, maybe there's people watching this selling info products, I don't know. Mostly lead generation, kind of your standard brick and mortar style businesses, right? Nothing too complex. It's slightly different. So, I kind of interested in hearing your perspective on how that differs to if you're for example running a big national,000 2,000 $5,000 a day campaign. I kind of interested to know how you would adjust your strategies compared to those kind of products. But first question I have for you is obviously you've been doing this for over a decade, right? Do you think that Facebook ads compared to 2015? What's changed? Obviously lots have changed, but do you think that it's still as easy as it was then? Or was the kind of pipe dream that it was everything was easier back then? Is that is that true or is it just different? >> I I think it's different cuz like if I go back to 2014 when I started working with this ecom startup that was doing 800k, we struggled for a time and I think it was like it was a different kind of struggle to what it is now. It wasn't so much algorithms and stuff like that. I came from a paid search world. So I'd spent like since 2006 2007 working on paid search. So when I started working with Facebook, the idea was let's just run ads, look at click-through rate and just try and get as many clicks as possible. And I think that was my early mistake. So back in, you know, 2014, 2015 when we cracked it, I realized that it wasn't a game of clicks. It was a game of influence. And the thing that I talked to people back then was Facebook ads is more like TV advertising than Google search. Like this is kind of talking about 2014, 2015 in the sense that no one's on Facebook to buy something, but people are buying things. It's the same as TV ads. No one's on, >> you know, watching their show, whatever it is, uh, Emma Dal or whatever. Yeah. >> But you can get them to buy. you can influence them. So then I start to look at those principles differently in the sense of all right, I don't I don't just want your click. I want the right clicks >> and I want to convince you that the thing that we've got is worth your time and money essentially. So for me that was a big change back then. That principle absolutely still applies. I think what's happened is because there's more competition, because the algorithm is getting smarter and stuff, you have to work harder at that. Now, I think back then you could kind of get away with not being as good with your advertising because there weren't as many advertisers. There were a lot. Those comp competition was still high, but the noise wasn't as bad as it is now. So, if you take the coaching space for example, take any niche, pretty much oversaturated. So, you really have to find ways to stand out. Take ecom, trust is like decayed. There's so many freent stores and stuff like that. Take brick and mortar. Again, like reviews matter, reputation matters. How do you get that across on Facebook? It's easier on Google. You've got the star ratings. You've got local ads and stuff like that. So, I think the challenge is different. It's kind of more multifaceted than it was back, you know, 10 years ago. >> Yeah, I completely agree. And also, we have access to tools that we didn't have then. So, although it's got more complex, the algorithms a lot stronger, you know, back in the day where you would do a heavy amount of interest and exclusion based targeting and you would get creative with you could target a subsect of audience based upon what you included and what you excluded in terms of interests. Right? half of those, if not more, have gone now. And I rarely, very rarely do I even touch interest at all. So, it's definitely changed. And it's obviously, in my opinion, is a lot more geared towards the hooks that you're using, the copy that you're using in terms of the type of users that you're going to attract. And it's it's a lot better. So, I'd say it's and also you've got access to so many cool AI tools now, which is obviously increased the um how competitive the industry is, but it's it's made it a lot more interesting. So, let's get into Andromeda. So, just you've obviously got huge amount of experience with e-commerce, lead generation. And I actually remember back in the day I paid you for some consulting around lead genen and you helped me with that and a lot of the stuff you taught me then interestingly you probably don't remember I still do a lot of it now indirectly but you obviously have experience in all these industries and we mentioned brick and mortar I'd imagine 80 90% of people watching this are going to be either selling brick and mortar or they're going to be using ads to generate leads for their agency or marketing business or something along those lines. Right. So if you look into for example the Andromeda update we'll get into specific questions. What's the biggest change would you say to a media buyer versus before the Andromeda update? Like what's the the top sort of three four things that they should know in terms of how the algorithm has changed? >> So what one thing I don't know if you remember like maybe four or five years ago Facebook came up with this model where it was like the top five things you need to do. They had a term for it. I can't remember what it was. It's still the same principle that they were pushing back then which is things like simplification of your campaign, giving enough data, having enough creative diversity. something about the funnels and tracking and things like that. So, their kind of big thing back there was and it and it kind of really took off. It was I think it was pre iOS 14 or after. Yeah. And their thing was like focus on these five things and you'll have big success. And it and it was true like they are the main five things that's kind of power five just in >> power five. That's exactly it. Yeah. So, that is still in effect now. So, nothing's changed. What they've done with the Andromeda is added more machine intelligence. I'm not going to call it AI because it's not really AI. It's machine intelligence and I can explain the difference. But the key thing there is Andromeda is trying to now programmatically reward you and force you into using those Power Five elements as well. So the core of it and the simplest way to understand Andromeda's update is Facebook is saying, "Hey, we've got a ton of data on our users. Trust us with finding the right person for you. In exchange, give us enough creative, enough angles, enough variety, and a landing page or funnel that is self-explanatory, and we'll do the rest. So, in the simplest form, what Facebook would love for you to do, and actually sometimes still do this for local ads, is like one campaign, maybe one or more adsets, but then you don't separate, you know, your top of funnel, midfunnel, bottom of funnel. So, you're not doing like a cold and hot split and retargeting. you're doing everything in one adset. So like go back to I think it was through co we had a client that was selling like virtual um reality experiences like you could go there book an hour and just do virtual reality and we literally just did that. So it was local targeting um it was actually here in Canada place called Redier. But what we did was one campaign we had one ad set which was just targeting a radius around uh that town and I think it was 18 to 40 like age range that was it. Then within that we had ads that were targeting a cold audience. We had ads that were you know reviews and video reviews and stuff like that all in one ad set. So within that ad set, there was probably about six or seven ads running and we were doing maybe $200 a day ad ad spend and we had consistently good results. There was no retargeting. There was no separate, you know, top of funnel, midfunnel, bottom funnel. We just let Facebook do its thing. Now this was way back in, you know, 2020 whenever COVID was. That worked. That same principle works now except Andromeda is far more intelligent now than it was than the algorithm was 5 years ago. So the simplest thing from an a local perspective is keep things simple, don't over segment and don't overtarget. Like I've seen for like you know you mentioned interest for example when it comes to local interest can work but the thing is the more you layer in your targeting the the more you're restricting the algorithm and and what meta is saying is you kind of need to trust us. Now where does the trust come from? I spoke to a Facebook engineer. I got invited out to Menllo Park back in 2015 and I asked the engineer. I said like when the pixel is on the website like what's behind the data? How does it figure out like all this stuff? They said per user there's about a million data points. A million data points per person. So you when you go onto Facebook it knows so much about you and it knows so much about you off of Facebook. And here's the key thing that he told me was every website you visit there's a pixel on most websites, right? everyone's, you know, running Facebook ads. So, it's collecting data about you everywhere you go. So, it's not just like looking at, you know, when you log into Facebook, all the things you interact with and interests you have within Facebook. It's also looking outside. So, you may have seen it, for example, and I had this recently as well. I was looking for something related to my garage. So, I think the the mechanism or some some kind of lock thing to make the door come up and down had broken. So, I started to Google search it and guess what? I started to get local ads for garage installers on Facebook. because then the pixels obviously you're landing on a site with a pixel that's feeding that data back to Facebook which you're logged in on the same device and therefore understands that information about you. So it's not just what they're clicking on the platform it's what they're doing on any pixel site effectively. >> And the thing is I looked at these sites I had not visited them so it wasn't as if it was a retargeting ad. And what what I what I believe is happening is Facebook looks at the context of the user. So they look at recency and frequency. So if anyone listening has done email marketing, recency, frequency, and monetization are the three main things you work on when it comes to email. So how recent has someone opened, how frequently do they open, how much money they spend with you. When you start segmenting based on that, you're going to be really successful in email. Same applies with meta. Meta looks at how recently you've done something, how frequently you're doing because I was searching all these things. So it can kind of pick up what I'm doing. And it looks at my monetary value. Has this person interacted with Facebook before? or how much have they when I click the shop now button, how much have I spent or how much have I checked out? So, it puts all of those things together. Now, let's say you are a local advertiser doing garage installs and repairs. And you you've gone broad and you're looking at that and saying, "Yeah, okay. I'm targeting this city. I'm targeting this age range. How's Meta going to know who needs garage installation?" Well, that's exactly how they know cuz someone's actually on Google and visiting all these sites. So, it's picking all that together. So when you look at local ads, you might think, well, how do I find an interest of someone who's interested in garage repairs? It seems impossible. It's not. That's what Andromeda is doing. It can find those people based on all these signals. Now, how can you also help that? One of the things I think probably I'm going to say most people don't know and are not aware of is when the pixel fires on your website, it's sending all the text from your website back to Meta. Meta is using that text to understand who your avatar is. So let's say for example like I've seen landing pages which don't really use keywords. Let's let's just say like keywords that are important to your business. So let's say for example you're a garage installer. If you say you know we fix garages or you know it's kind of broad then meta might not exactly know who you're after. But if you say you know we're the top garage installer in this city and you know we've installed garages since 2015. It's like search engine optimization. You want all the keywords and stuff to be there. Is that in your content copy or all everywhere? In the videos, the copy, the headlines or all over it. >> I'd say think of it like search engine optimization. If you want to rank for Google, Facebook will take that same information and help you rank essentially in the met in metarad. So, >> for example, when you're working on SEO, you want your H1, your heading one in the HTML to be optimized, your heading two, you want your text, any images, you use the alt text to describe because that's uh again what SEO picks up. If you do all of those those things, especially for local businesses for your website and run broad, you're giving Facebook all the hints it needs to know who your avatar is. So like they're things that people don't really know or think about when it comes to how Facebook work. So like, you know, I can go into more detail on and draw, but the easiest thing to understand is trust in the algorithm as long as you give it the right things. Now I've talked about offsite things. So your website and things like that. What can you give it inside of Facebook? So when you create your ads set, what Meta wants is a variety of ads that will target different types of people within your audience. So for example, if you have two or three different avatars, I don't know what you know, they might have someone who's younger, someone who's older, someone who's whatever it is, you want a range of those ads in that same ad set. What Meta's now started to do is to identify avatars within its own system and it's then targeting the right ad for that avatar as well. So before you would have for example an adset you would have considered like the brain and therefore you wouldn't want to necessarily confuse that by having multiple different call outs hooks or demographics. Now you can effectively combine those together into one adset as and it will figure out [snorts] independently inside of that adset. I know what people are going to be ask if I was to say this I know exactly what they would say to me. Okay let's take up we've onboarded a client in um the US they have a franchise they got 120 locations an osteoporosis clinic. So they've got kind of a few different demographics. The main demographic is people who are who are already diagnosed with osteoporosis. Okay, that's probably a third to a half of the potential customer base, right? The rest and obviously within those within that demographic, you've got lots of different pain points they would resonate with, of course. But outside of that, you've got lots of sort of triggers or call outs, hooks, pain points, whatever you want to call that would effectively appeal to potential customers who don't know they've got a SEO process. And so therefore, we can kind of they're kind of more top of funnel right now. Obviously the way we would do that and in a minute I'll share my screen and show you kind of my process and how we do it but we tend to obviously scrape customer data to find these pain points and then we build campaigns sorry build creatives around those individual pain points right and obviously each ad will have similarities so there'll be product benefits there'll be offers stuff like that but in terms of the core of what we're speaking about it will be specific to that particular painoint right now let's say for example I've gone through this process I've created five different pain points two or three different hooks for each I've got a whole batch of creatives, right? So, I've got and then I've also got like, you know, us versus them kind of lower down the funnel style call outs, things like this. If I put all those into one adset, let's say I've got CBO campaign with the one adset, got 10, 15 ad creatives in there, $100 a day budget, right? Something like that. What happens when you launch it, it's relatively new product, which you haven't, you might know a bit about the industry, but you haven't necessarily run that before, or your budget goes towards one ad. What's the next step? Are we saying Facebook knows what it's doing? Let's let it ride. or are we yet intervening and at what stage do we intervene at this because now we've got less control, right? As opposed to before where we might add set split test we've got less control. When do we intervene with that? >> So one one thing I'd say is you've hit one of the biggest problems on the head and it's one of the reasons why I don't roll out Andromeda everywhere. My process is and I don't know if you follow this process. I have different adsets, different campaigns for different testing phases. So I start off with testing audiences first. It depends on what kind of audience uh there is. It's like if >> this is for like more bigger national type campaigns we've got. >> Yeah. For like if it's bigger big even some of the local campaigns I might do some audience testing but I always have a different campaign for creative testing cuz I want to know what's working with the audience before I put it into the main campaign. So in this instance if I am going to go down the route of one campaign, one adset and multiple hooks, angles and avatars, I'm pre-esting that first. I'm not letting Facebook do that testing cuz it will end up with the situation you said either of ads being you know with o overspend or you're kind of doing your testing on the fly with your main adset. So I don't like to do that. So there's a very simplest level I would start off exactly as you've said there's an ad set for each avatar and within each avatar I'm doing my angles and my testing and stuff there cuz the thing is I want to know what offers are working for the avatar, what messages working, what creative and stuff like that. then I'm more comfortable putting it into more of an Andromeda style setup. >> Okay, that's what I normally do. >> That saves money and time as well. Yeah. >> So, for example, let me show you. So, for example, I'll share my screen. Um, we've got here a Can you see this spreadsheet? See a Google sheet? Yeah, you can see it. Yeah, just checking. >> Um, so for example, we've done a bunch of research. We scrape reviews. We use AI to assist. We don't use it to do everything. And we come up with, for example, you know, our core pain points. Each painoint might have five different hooks that we could, you know, gives just gives us um we might start with one but it just gives us multiple variants for future once because ultimately fatiguing we need more stuff. We have them at the ready like once we've proven that they work and then we have our scripts, primary text, all that kind of stuff. Um so let's say for example for each one of these I might have top three pain points that might be for example three different demographics effectively right or like avatars as you say right and for each one I might have a script for each and I might have three formats one might be talking head one might be UGC one might be static or text based right what's the first stage would your stage be to let's say take the three ads for each of those categories and have three independent adsets on an first let it spend $30 $40 per day on each until we figured out for example, first which demographic is most effective and then obviously within each demographic which ad creative is most effective how long would you let that run for and at what stage would you then move it into a CBO campaign and would you have that CBO campaign already running or would you introduce that let's say a week or two weeks later >> yeah so the first part of the question exactly as you've said I would be splitting them out and doing the testing at the adset level using adset budgets the way I do testing though is not based on spend it's based on impressions so when I um again spoke to an engineer about how the algorithm knows if an ad's going to work or not. One of the things they said is um in their system once an ad has reached a,000 people they're pretty confident whether the ad's going to work or not. Now you may have seen it where some ads absolutely fly out the blocks and then they start to decline. What Facebook sometimes does is in order to test the quality of the ad, they'll give you the best audience for the first 500 to a,000 people or reach just to see how the ad performs. and then it's trying to determine whether you're a quality advertiser and it's a good ad, good offer and things like that. So that's why I like to test by impressions. So I basically do it thousand impressions per click in your funnel. So let's say e-commerce for example, you click an ad, you go to the product page, add to cart, all those kind of things. By the end of it, it's like five or six clicks. So I need to test 6,000 impressions. For local ad, it might be click landing page optin. So it's like 2 or 3,000 impressions. So that's per per ad. Yeah. >> Got it. Okay. >> Because what you're doing here is Facebook can tell within a thousand, but we don't have access to their insights and tools and things like that. For me, from experience, you need a bit more impressions than what Facebook would say. So this is just a general good rule of thumb to say a,000 per click. Within that, let's say 3,000 impressions for this local opt-in ad. I want to know what the click-through rate is, CPM and CPC. So, there all the stats on the Facebook side, but I'm also learning what the opt-in rate is and are people actually interested in, you know, going beyond the landing page and actually opting in within 3,000 impressions for an offer like that. I would expect some opt-ins to come in. Then tells me that this offer is resonating. That determines success. So, and the reason not to use spend is because let's say an ad has 50 CPM. I had to think about the currency cuz I'm always talking in dollars. Uh, so if one ad has £50 CPM, that means you have to spend £50 to get a,000 impressions. If another ad has £100 CPM, you're going to spend £100 to get a,000 impressions. If you're only spending £50 per ad, that more expensive ad is going to get under. It won't get enough impressions. >> Does CPM have a correlation towards quality of ad and likely outcome or not? >> It does. Yeah, absolutely it does. So if you've got an ad out the gate, red hot CPM, $100, $200, whatever, is that an indication the ad is performing poorly or is that an indication that ad is tapping into a more expensive subsector of your audience? And both, right? How do you know the difference? >> Yeah. So what I do is if I've uh let's say I've launched five ads, I'm looking at what the the average is. So if the average CPM on a on an ad say $25 and one of them is like $75, I know it's probably the ad and there's something specific about that. Sometimes like there's so many triggers for high CPMs. Sometimes it's using a keyword that is maybe a gray area in terms of ad policy or something like that. Okay. So they they can spike your CPM. It could also be that it just got dropped into an auction where there's higher competition than the other ads. So you just add your cost knocked up. It could be that for example when you launch an image and there's too much text. Sometimes Meta will penalize you for that. It's like there's so many reasons for having the high CPM. If all of the ads are high, let's say we just launched all these five ads and all of them are like $75 and we're expecting it to be lower, then it's probably the ad set, maybe there's something there that the audience is too small, we've configured a pixel event that maybe it's, you know, not optimized. So like it's hard to tell someone who hasn't got experience of how to find these things. >> Yeah. >> But it's kind of there is there are clues as to where to look, I think. And you mentioned for example like the blend of having your kind of cold warm hot um audience or sorry creative types kind of blended together right so if we take an example of a local business the way I tend to explain it is you've got product benefits and you've got company benefits right a more top of funnel would be more of a product benefit if we take for example I don't know the osteio clinic for example it would be you know that it's a 10-minute workout a week and it reduces pain it increases bone density that's a productbased benefit and that's more top of funnal middleunnel suitable ad style. Company benefit would be for example, you know, a thousand reviews, you know, painfree guarantee or your money back, things like this, right? So, we tend to obviously use those throughout the funnel at different stages in your testing process that you mentioned. Are you primarily testing your cold top of funnel ads and performance and then you would add those kind of more bottom of funnel, us versus them, company based benefits later stage when you introduce those into your when you kind of um consolidate everything together or would you be testing those at the same time? No, it's it's the former. So like most of your traffic is going to hit those top of funnel ads. So the way I kind of term it in the avatar is the kind of emotional benefits and also the rational benefits. So >> okay, that's a good way explaining it. Yeah. >> Yeah. Because the emotional benefits are the things that going to move me to make a decision. So if you're talking and one thing I talk about top of funnel is painkiller versus supplement. Now, if you've got a really banging headache, you've had migraine all day, and you see an ad that says, "Hey, this 3-month program can fix your migraine," not interested at all. Like, I've got an immediate pain right now. I need a solution. If it's a painkiller that says, "Give us 20 bucks and, you know, this video series will instantly fix your migraine." You're going to sell that all day long. >> Flip that around and let's just say someone's got chronic migraine. They've had it for years and you're like, "Well, we can fix that in 90 days." Then someone's going to listen. So I think a lot of it is like where especially in the Osteo space like where is your prospect in that journey? Are they in immediate pain and they need it fixed ASAP? People are not going to pay high ticket. They're not going to go for a long-term program or anything like that. This is where often with local the foot in the door offers work really well because yes, like for example, Botox clinics, you're going to sell them tens of thousands ultimately, but if you come in and say, you know, we're going to give you this free assessment or we're going to give you this lowcost tester or whatever it is, you're getting them in to solve an immediate need, which is like for women, for example, I just want my top lip Botox. Now, if you've got a great offer and you're reputable and stuff and you can just get them in for that, you're going to sell them into other things once you're there. So, you're not saying, "Hey, we can do this whole program for you." So, again, like the top of funnel ads are focused on where they are. Is it are you looking for a pain or solution or are you looking for like a long-term remedy? Then we work on what the emotions are. So, why do you want your osteo problem fixed? It's the lifestyle. It's the ability to do things like if you're an older person, spending time with your grandchildren. If you're a parent, it's being active with your children. So, you're kind of tapping into those emotions which then bring people into your ad and into your funnel. And then the rational reasons are just the closing techniques. So you know trusted by x number of people all these stars all the things that you know as well those generally don't from my experience they don't really need that much testing. They're just facts like you can't really manipulate facts. They just they're there. What you can manipulate and I say manipulate because a lot of the marketing we do is manipulation. You can manipulate the hooks and the angles and the feelings and the stories and things like that. >> 100%. No I completely agree. So like I I always find explaining this in with things like healthcare, chiropractic, fitness, they they're easier, right? For example, a bathroom renovation company, right? Their core product is basically their only product which is, I don't know, let's say a $10 to $20,000 bathroom renovation. How do you apply that same logic to something like that where there isn't really a low ticket option or foot in the door option available? Do you create one? Do you ignore that entirely? Try something different? Like how would you apply it to that kind of product? >> Yeah, I think like I've worked in those kind of niches as well. One of those things is understanding again is it what kind of pain is the person experiencing. Now for example if you're about to sell your house you could talk to them in the in the way that this could add 50k extra value to your house if that's the kind of thing or if it's a family and they're out growing their house and they need something extended or something improved. It's like it's cheaper to stay in your house and renovate or extend than it is to buy a new property. So like I I'm trying to understand like where are they in in their kind of journey in their life stage that helps me to determine the message first of all then I think like it's very hard obviously to sell those kind of things off the bat. What I would be looking at is either some kind of free advice lead magnet kind of thing or a free call opportunity. For example, we've done one where you can get like a draft assessment done via a Zoom call or Skype back in the day, that kind of thing. But something that you can build trust very quickly with this is the biggest thing. There are so many like especially with home renovations. There's so many people you can choose from. Most like myself would go through referrals. So I'd ask my neighbor or I'd ask my friend and say like can you recommend someone? That's obviously the easiest path to go. If I see an ad, it's kind of like I don't know anything about you. So like I'm going to struggle to uh understand whether I'm going to be able to take your service or not. Home improvement services if you do doortodoor kind of often more successful than Facebook ads. So sometimes it's a case of are we using the right medium. If we believe Facebook ads can work then we need some way of building trust. How do we get that foot in the door virtually? It's kind of just like people love brochures. People love to look at things like eye candy. People love watching renovation shows on TV. Like how do you replicate that online? Maybe rather than saying, you know, book us to do your bathroom renovation, you just share a video, 5 10 minute edutainment video on actually a bathroom renovation, if you're interested in that, you're going to watch that and you be like, "Oh, that's really cool." >> Yeah. So, obviously, a couple questions I've got off the back of that. So, for example, things such as like a free design. The first question someone might have is like, "Yes, I think I need a new bathroom, but I'm not really sure what style I want." You can solve that problem with a free 3D mockup, CAD drawing, design, whatever. valued out x amount for free for homeowners in so and so area. Right? So it's is it it's and this all kind of stems back into like the kind of lead quality issues that a lot of people face with Facebook. I think it's fair to say that Facebook leads on average are worse quality than let's say PPC or searchbased organic SEO. They're of course hard to come by more expensive. Facebook's easier potentially and therefore the quality I suppose it's still the same users on the platforms right so they are available and they are there. Is it a case of we need to to get higher quality leads? We need cuz a lot of people will think oh I need to add more steps into my funnel or I need to add more friction or is it more a case of that actually your creatives your hooks are attracting the wrong type of user and therefore we need to look at that first and remove for example maybe financial incentives and instead opt for more like you mentioned painkiller versus supplement style. Hey you know you've got a problem we can help you fix it. Here's our credentials. Here's a foot in the door offer to help you with that. Is that the right thought process to go through when it comes to improving lead quality? I >> I think it's both. I think definitely on the ad side, you want to avoid things that just bring in either tie kickers or people that don't have enough money, for example. I love Facebook's built-in forms because it allows you to create those road humps that you can either push out the wrong people or you can segment in the right people. So, for example, if I was running, let's say, a bathroom renovation campaign and I ran a a lead form, I would be asking them first of all, how much do you have to invest? And I'd give them the options, you know, 1K, 5K, 10K, 50K, whatever it is. When are you looking to invest? Like they're the two main triggers of whether the quality, the lead is quality or not. So, it's like within the next 30 days, next 3 months, next 6 months. So, when you collect that data, now you can segment your strategy off the back of that. So if someone says, "I do have 20k to spend in the next 3 months." Okay, that's going to be a slower lead nurture versus I've got 10k to spend. I need to do it in the next 30 days because we've got major problems. So when you're collecting [clears throat] that data, that enables you to either decide, you know, this lead is low quality. They say, "I've got less than 5,000 and I'm looking at the next 6 months." Just send them some free guide >> and you don't even need to follow up. Just be there, give them something, and move on. the one that says, you know, I've got 1020K. I've got three months or whatever it is thinking about it. Maybe do an outbound calling on them and, you know, collect the uh telephone number and say, "Hey, we're going to send you some stuff and, you know, if you're okay, we'll book a call." You want to chase those people up, calls, SMS, email, whatever it is. But at least you know the quality of the person coming in and you're directing your time and resources in the right way as well. >> 100%. Um, and that kind of leads to my question, which is like, uh, funnels versus forms. Obviously, you mentioned their forms. Is your preference for like brick and mortar tends to be lead forms or do you tend to do funnels or does it just depend? >> It depends on how well we can get the proposition across in the ad. So like if we need a landing page for it, then it's different. So this Scottish client for example, they wanted to really showcase their work and their renovations and stuff like that, a bit harder to do it on an ad because yes, you can do videos and images and stuff, but they wanted a nice web experience. Even though most people coming in on mobile, they still wanted to show them like a a reel of different stuff. So for them they were really keen to do a landing page experience and they made the experience part of the selling process and that's fine but my preference is to use the lead form especially for local because a lot a lot of the local inquiries people are in the moment there and then and like when you take them off the web off the meta experience into the web experience they can get distracted they can get lost they kind of sometimes forget you know not not to say everyone's losing their mind but there's so many distractions around if they're on meta keep them on meta collect the information make create those small road humps. Yeah, I don't just want your name and email address. I want to know what your situation is right now and then collect that and then decide what to do from there. >> And then obviously you can use, you know, back end to kind of like follow up, get them to take more action and stuff like that. Makes that Yeah, that makes complete sense. We've gone through CBO, obviously if your preference is for testing. CBO preference is for kind of I'm not going to say scaling because like a lot of the time it's not scaling. It's more cruising. >> The CBO just on that note, one of the problems with CBO is it works but you need everything to work in harmony. So for CBO to work properly, you need to know your audiences, your ads, your offers, your funnels. When everything is dialed in, then CBO will give you stability. But CBO like setting your budgets at the campaign level only really works if you've got multiple adsets. So if you've got one campaign, one adset, one or or a number of ads, you just set your budget at the adset level. It's only really if you've got if you are using the more traditional style of one adset per avatar even if it's targeting the same audience like by demographic if it's split by avatar and I sometimes I like I often still do use that cuz by the way even though I understand Andromeda one of the things to watch out for is I'm yet to see this whole Andromeda setup work from the more than a few months there is still a fatigue or data or something going on problem within the algorithm. And the same has happened with advantage plus shopping campaigns on ecom. Same's happening with general Andromeda. I've I'm yet to see longevity in these in this setup. So my big kind of asterisk and caveat to this is it can work and it will work long term. I'm yet to see it work. So I would not put all the eggs in one basket and say I'm going to absolutely just focus on Andromeda. Like you, I still split my adsets by avatar and hooks, creatives, and things like that. And I will continue to do that until I've seen the Andromeda thing work long term. Now, what I will tell you is I believe Andromeda is targeted more at the small marketer, small advertiser that doesn't really know what they're doing that want the blackbox experience. They don't really want to understand targeting. They don't really want to understand structures and stuff like that. They just want to advertise. Google started doing something similar years ago. It's like just give us your list of keywords, give us your ads, and we'll just make it all work for you. That's where Meta and Andromeda's leading tools. So, I'm going to argue here that the likes of me and you will not make Andromeda work because we are too intelligent for that system. I'm not saying we're more intelligent than AI, but in terms of understanding our avatar and our offer and our funnel and optimizations to do, we are still ahead of meta, right? Meta will benefit is let's say you know you are the renovation company and you just want to start some ads then I think Andromeda is really lent towards you. And so if we practically how that looks. So we've got for example a campaign for a roofer or for bathroom and fitter whatever o company whatever it is and we started with our initial tests um our kind of segmented audiences based on hooks and pain points and avatars. You've run that for two weeks you've got you know two out four performing pretty well. You've run more tests in the other two to try and pick it up but they're just not connecting. So you've now got two kind of proven pain points or let's say in this instance avatars. Are you then saying, "Okay, let's now let's now consolidate this together and let it rip or are you continuing allowing those to stay as they are in separated adsets and then launching a separate retargeting campaign? How does that look practically?" >> So the first part of the question, yes, I would still keep them separately right now, especially for me and you because we know what we're doing. We we can identify data points and know when to pause ads, when to introduce and stuff like that. On the second part, the retargeting really depends on audience size. Like especially for so many local ads, audience size just isn't big enough for retargeting. And then you end up with high CPMs and things like that. So I would just put those same ads into those same adsets, but delay it. So I'm kind of using those ads once I have a few weeks of traction for top of funnel. Then I'm adding those botto bottom funnels into those same adsets. Yeah. Unless I feel like I'm getting like don't even know a number. Like really for retargeting work, you need tens of thousands of people in that audience. And for that to work for local, it kind of just doesn't happen. >> But then we have a campaign uh which is housing our retargeting which has video views. It has engaged audiences. It has traffic audiences. It's probably in that region. It's not huge. Um but that is pulling in about 30% of the leads, right? >> Yeah, that's perfect. >> But you do need to let it run for a while. And so for example, let's say you've got a client who maybe has a $50 per day budget, which is probably quite typical for physical business. rather than over complicating it and taking all of those kind of more us versus them bottom of funnel statics, you know, whatever it is, rather than trying to segment them into their own adset, you would just say, "Hey, I'm just going to pop these into my adsets that I've already got earlier. Kind of keep things as simple as I possibly can." And then almost that adset has its own kind of ecosystem of cold, warm, and hot. And you're kind of letting Facebook figure it out. Facebook, the Andromeda, at least the most useful part of this Andromeda is that Facebook should know if somebody is a cold or is cold, warm, and hot. and they should feed the ads accordingly. So there's no real need to mess around too much with the audience segmentation. >> Yeah. And one of the clues to look out for is frequency. So when you've got ads that have higher frequency than others, chances are the mid or lower funnel customers are seeing those ads more. So you can actually test that to see if it the hypothesis is actually working. So you can kind of just rank your ads once you got enough spend and impressions and just look at the frequency as well. >> There's also a new breakdown. I haven't got it in any of my ad accounts. There's a breakdown now which is showing you percentage of engaged versus cold. If you've seen this anywhere. I haven't got it. You >> haven't seen it yet? No. >> No. I've got none of my ad accounts. That's got obviously when that does roll out that's going to be super interesting. So you're going to be able to see which ad and what percentage of its impressions is coming from previously engaged audiences or completely cold audiences. But absolutely >> if we're talking about physical local campaigns maybe let's say up from $1,000 up to $5,000 per month. We're talking relatively simple. Split test based on avatars and hooks and pain points and condense those different uh funnel stages into those same adsets. Keep things relatively simple cuz people keep saying to me like, "Oh, this Andromeda thing, it's everything stopped working." I'm like, "Well," and I look at the ad account and I'm like, "Well, you've got one ad in here and that didn't work and then you put another one in and then that one didn't work." And I'm like, I still think the same thing that was true 5 years ago is true now, which is if you do your research properly, you write ads well, you create highquality content, the person who wins is the one that creates the best and most frequent amount of high-quality ads no matter what industry you're in. >> Effectively, right? So, no one needs to their pants and think that they need to everything needs to change. Same same old stuff. Understand your audience, create content accordingly, create enough of it, and you should be fine, right? >> Yeah. And and focus on attention cuz that's the biggest deficit. And the biggest barrier to someone actually doing something that you want them to do is attention. There's like Tik Tok, there's YouTube, reals on Instagram, people have access to so much right now. And I think where ads try to be too clever, try to be too explanatory. Sometimes you just lose someone. Often it's just like get your point across quickly and then start your narrative. So like thumb stopping content, which Facebook talked about for the longest time, still is true as it is now as it was 10 years ago. >> I completely agree. I had one more question. Oh yeah, before we we'll finish now, but I have one more question before we finish. What's one ad style, creative style that maybe other people don't know about that's doing well for you right now when it comes to it could be ecom, could be lead genen, cuz it can it can all apply to each other, right? What's one piece of content or or ad format that at the moment is just killing it for you. >> So, interestingly, not not necessarily an ad format, but an ad style is and we've got a client who who's in the real estate or can't remember what it's called in the UK. I'm just so estate agency. Yeah. Um, so like one one of their ads they advertise different properties. They also do different like funding options and things like that. But what's really working for them is high contrast creatives and it's it's something that's worked for the longest time anyway on Meta, but I don't see it maybe enough. It's something where it just kind of pops whether you're on Instagram or Facebook and that within milliseconds grabs their eyes. Like that's one of the most important things to do. So whether it's a thumbnail for a video or whether it's just a static image, those images, so like for example, it might be a property image taken from a nice nice angle, but the clouds are maybe just highly contrasted, so they show a bit of the yellow of the sun behind it and the sky is a lot more bluer than you'd expect. We we've tested all those things and they really do work. They really stop people in their in their tracks as well. So, we're talking about effectively just could that be as simple as adding, for example, if you got text based ads, having really like brightly colored stuff that gets people talking in the comments or is it more just stuff where you're like on the snooze feed and it's like just stands out, you know? >> It stands out initially. Yeah. Cuz the thing is you can't people can't control their eyes. Like eye candy is a real thing. If if someone sees something nice, the brain automatically goes to it with before you can consciously even think about it. So, we're kind of tapping into breaking down someone's defenses. For example, like if you run an ad and it's like, hey, if you're a homeowner, your defense is up cuz you know that this is an ad. Whereas if it's like a really nice creative and the ad is like this is a stunning property, like you're kind of already drawn in and then you're looking at the text and thinking, what is this thing? I want to read it kind of thing. >> Those hooks maybe catching people off guard slightly and not maybe I might even dare to say not worrying so much about this obsession with calling out your ideal demographics. I think that people go overboard with that. Trying to like calling specifically out the person, the area, whatever it is, but maybe just going straight into the content and teaching something or explaining something in a way that's maybe a little bit obscure or like unnatural and it might just work, right? >> And just focusing on the feeling sometimes. Like one of the ads, one of the creatives my team ran a few years ago was they took picture of me, turned it into like a cartoon. This was before AI could do all this stuff. So, he kind of created this uh image and it was like head on hand a clock in the background. The windows were dark. It's like 10:11 p.m. or whatever it was. And it's like we wanted to convey a feeling and I was wearing a bright yellow shirt and there was like high contrast and stuff like that. And then the copy started with it's 10:00 p.m. and you're still stressing about that client. Yeah. >> I don't need to say hey as an agency owner cuz like if you resonate with that you're like that's me and you're going to read that. >> Well, I'll tell you something interesting. I used to run ads for lottery syndicate. This is back in the day. And we ran this ad. We bought a lottery ticket for like 2 weeks time or whenever it was. I burnt the lottery ticket in the video in my hands. I lit it on fire and burnt it. And that was the first 3 seconds of the video. And it had the future dates date on the ticket, right? So people in the comments were going, "It might be winning. You don't know." Like [laughter] obviously I hope it doesn't win. That would have been that would have been terrible. But that absolutely killed it. And so we did that again. We bought another one, burnt it, just swapped out the video. And that absolutely crushed it for like months and months and months and months and months. That's it. It just needs that creative spark. And people will talk about AI copy, AI videos, AI images. AI doesn't really have that creative spark. I'm yet to see something that comes in and says, "This is the ad you should run." It will get there at some point, but we still need to come up with the idea. So, you could probably recreate that same video with AI, you know, using Sora or whatever it is, but having that creative idea that has to come from somewhere. And that's kind of where we still have an input. An AI is not an AI UGC avatar is not going to be a roofer on a roof saying, "Hey, it's John here from so and so roofing." It's always going to perform better, isn't it? Like no matter what you try and do. So I think it's just I think the key thing I always say to people is like if you want to try something, try it. That's the number one rule. There's not like a strategy necessarily. There's like, okay, this is like the best practices, but if you want to try something, try it. And don't over obsess about your testing strategy, you know, how you're structuring something, especially when it comes to local brick and mortar style stuff. Target in the right area. If your ads are good ads, it's probably gonna work. It's gonna work better than someone that's got crap ads, but they've got the perfect testing formula set up in their ad account, right? Well, anyway, we'll finish now because that was um really good call. Where can people find you if they want to find you? Like, do you want to plug a site? Obviously, we'll put it in the description, but where's the best place people to go? >> Yeah, bpmmethod.com. That's kind of where all my stuff hangs out. So, BPM method. And by the way, like BPM stands for brand driven performance marketing. And one one thing I'll leave people with is I used to be a heavy performance marketer 15 years ago. All I cared about was metrics like all the threeletter acronyms and stuff like that. I hated brand marketers. I didn't understand all this nonsense with avatars and brand research and stuff like that until I started to run Facebook ads and until I started to fail. Then I went went back to okay what does a brand market to look at look like and that's when my ads started to work. So like this whole thing about avatars and you know you talk about the research you do online and what people are talking about some people use Amazon some use Reddit whatever it is that is like 80% of your success will lie there 20% is all the config the adsets metrics and things like that and for me that's [clears throat] where that methodology came out from >> cool well Deepesh thanks so much we'll end the call now so I hope you enjoyed that interview that we did with Deepesh I'm planning on doing a lot more of these inviting some really exciting guests onto the channel. Just a few things from me before we end the video. The first thing is that very very soon I'm going to be releasing my local Meta Ads course, okay? And so all those who are on my email list are going to get early access to an exclusive discount to that course. [music] Limited number of people being able to purchase at that price. This is my most extensive Meta Ads course and the first time I've ever released it to people who aren't within my private community. So if you want to gain access to that, make sure that I'll leave a link down below where you can get access to my free Facebook guide. That's going to add you to my newsletter. And once you're on my newsletter, you'll get exclusive access to that course once it comes out. Otherwise, I really hope that you enjoyed that video. I've left links to all of Deep Pesh's links down below in the description, so you can go and check them out if you so want to. Otherwise, I will see you guys in the next

  Top Comments:
  1. @oof1294 [4 likes]: The fact that this only costed me a click!
  2. @realRonilSingh [3 likes]: Your mic is only pushing audio into the left side of the headset, might be an issue with the mic setup
  3. @jurgissventickas4788 [2 likes]: Really good value for advertisers! Thanks a lot 😊
  4. @hannesjossart1095 [1 likes]: Thx a lot, Sam. Great value !
  5. @AnnickaWiknander-k6l [1 likes]: Very interesting
  6. @SeanGreene-o9l [1 likes]: Incredible stuff
  7. @PixelPulsezz [1 likes]: Amazing collab with Depesh 🔥🔥🔥
  8. @faizalmuhammed2343 [1 likes]: It would be great if u can add chapters
  9. @heartymcbeth8176: Depesh is amazing! Love this video!
  10. @KoloriGaming: So when we use instant forms, and are keeping the lead on the platform, besides having a pixel, how are we "tracking" or feeding data back? I was just manually sorting leads in Meta's Lead Center
  11. @bhdrsry: The best facebook ads guiding video on the Internet!
  12. @komoru: No voice audio from 1:00-3:00
  13. @halodigmperformance: Amazing
  14. @Abdulrehman.M: Insane Value ♥
  15. @ChristianPlaysChess: Banger
  16. @floorex.marketing: This is GOLD

- 2026 META Ads Guide For Painting Companies - Andromeda Update: Kind: captions Language: en [music] What's up everyone? My name is Daniel with Newire Digital Marketing and we're back with another video today. And today, it's been a long awaited video, but it's the best way to start up and create your Facebook ads campaign for your painting company for 2026. So, it's been a long time since I made a video like this and definitely is rightfully due since a lot of changes and algorithm changes that has happened with Facebook the last couple months. So, I can't wait to dive into it and help you as much as I can. So, without further ado, I hope you like the video. Make sure to subscribe and let's get right into it. So, this is the best way to set up your Facebook ad campaign for your painting company for 2026. [music] So, basically what I have here in this video and basically in this document is I'm going to first break you down the fundamentals. I want to talk about strategy. I want to talk about what is [music] what what changed in 2025 in the first place. Why why am I making this video? Um, and what resources and what tips can I give you when it comes to the mindset to actually making it work? After I run through the document, I'm going to go then to the ads manager and I'm going to give you a live tutorial when it comes to what is the best setup cuz pretty much I'm going to let you know right now the setup is no longer really what makes a difference. It's everything I have in this document. That's why I want to take care of this first rather than tutorial. So, without further ado, let me go through. So pretty much this is the ultimate guide for painting contractors winning with the Meta Andromeda update. So whether you're just launching your painting business or you've been around for a decade, you probably have noticed that Facebook ads are just not working like they used to or a lot of people are making it seem like that. [music] And you're not alone. The rules have changed and it's not your fault. This guy will break down exactly how to win in 2026 with Facebook ads. even if you've been burned by other agencies, you've been trying [music] you've been trying to run ads yourself and have failed or you have no clue where to start. So, let's dig in. So, what is the big thing that happened in 2025? Meta rolled out the Adama update in July 2025 and it changed the ad game completely when it came to Meta. Before Facebook's algorithm, it will pick one winning ad, push most of the budget of your budget into it. A lot of times we have seen and probably other people have seen you say if you have 50 bucks a day $40 of it went to one ad. That's typically how it basically was played. But now it acts like a matchmaker. It [music] wants a wide array of options of ad types to show different ads to different people. If you're still running one ad fits all, you're wasting your money or you're potentially losing out on more money. So with the new strategy, pretty much the acronym is the PDA framework. Here's how to adapt and win using the PDA method. Persona, desire, and awareness. So, number one, [music] persona. Are you speaking to the right type of homeowner? Pretty much, I like to break it down to three types. The new homeowner, the busy family, or the established homeowner. Pretty much for the new homeowner, they're excited because they just bought their house. They want to get it renovated. They want their home to finally feel like theirs. Clean, modern, and inviting. The busy family, life's [music] hectic. The house has wear and tear and they want a quick refresh without the chaos of a DIY project. And next is the established homeowner. Proud of their home but ready for a full transformation. Whether it's exterior, interior, or they're just prepping to sell. Next is the desire. What do they what do they truly want? You're not selling paint. And that's the biggest thing I kind of almost aggravates me in a way is that when it comes to Facebook ads and Meta, the goal is to sell the experience. It's to sell the work. You're not trying to go there, ask a couple questions, present a price, and just walk out. You're trying to sell them to get their house painted. That's what it is. You're trying to sell the emotional appeal because right here it says you're not selling paint. You're selling how their home will look and feel. That's the whole point of marketing. That's the whole the point of getting better at sales is [music] to make is to get them to feel feel this look and feel. That's why somebody will give you money. So with that pride and confidence, I want my home to look amazing. Something I'm proud to show off. Emotion, peace of mind. I just want professionals who will do it right on time with zero mess. Again, it's emotional because it's convenience. They're paying for convenience. And then and also peace of mind. Next is value and longevity. I want my investment to last and increase my home's value. It is proven that painting your home actually increases your home value. As long as you don't paint it yellow or paint some ugly color, you paint it attractive colors, your home value goes up. So with that, it leads us to the awareness. Where are they right now in their buying journey? Homeowners move through awareness stages just like any type of customers cuz they are a customer and your ad should meet them where they are. This is why we talk about creative diversity slash a wide array of options when it comes to the ads. So you either [music] have you have not either you have unaware, problem aware, solution aware, product aware and then lastly is most aware. So unaware they haven't been they haven't thought about painting yet. You turn they basically have tuned us out tuned you out to how dull or weathered their house looks. So they haven't really thought about a painting business or a painter to get it done. problem aware. They notice peeling paint, faded colors, or an outdated look, but aren't sure what to do about it. Next is solution aware. They thought about hiring painters, but don't know how to trust or how much it cost. Next is product aware. They've seen your business or or others before, maybe even got a quote, but haven't made a decision yet. And lastly is most aware. They're ready to book, but need a final push like proof, trust, or limited time offer. So with that, now let's do some strategy or planning. So you need to create, and I can't stress [music] this enough, depending on your budget, 8 to 15 unique ads based on your diff based on different combinations of the above. Here's how it works. When I say depend on your budget, if you have more budget, run more than 8 to 15. You have less budget, don't run 8 to 15. Either way, it's all about the quality and the concepts that you're running. The amount of concepts that you're running should determine what you have at your disposal. If you only have six types of concepts, three types of concepts, even though I mean very big, um, [music] you have set amount of budget, everything plays as a factor. If you have any questions on that, you want [music] me to kind of nail that in a little bit more, send me a message. Definitely have no problem in getting get into the details what I mean about how much budget you should run with how many ads. But it always should be quality, quality over quantity. You should not just throw things up to throw things up. So next, the next thing is the different type of creatives that work are when it comes to paid advertising, painting/action videos, personal/pob videos, and nurture videos. I do want to say this, when it comes to the quality of your imaging, you don't need a high quality camera. A normal iPhone works. I can't tell this enough. I have data to back this up. You don't need a 4K camera rig in order for paid advertising because they actually perform worse than a normal quality camera. No need to overthink about it. Pick up the phone, click record. So, next, and also before I move on, if you want to have a framework on what type of videos with examples and instructions uh to be a little bit more spec uh more specific, again, reach out to me via Instagram or Facebook. I have a framework that I can give you to help you out. So, next thing is [music] use ads that speak to the new homeowner, the busy family, and the longtime homeowner that's ready to boost curb appeal or prep for selling. Because when your ads directly speak to their situation, Facebook algorithm works for you and not against you. Like we said, it's matchmaking. That's why the bigger creative more creative diversity you have, the more array of options that you can put put out, the better results you can get long term. because how how I like to put it matching to fishing net. The wider the fishing net you have the more fishes [music] you will catch. So think about it like that. So next thing is like I said is how to create killer copy and headlines that convert [music] because of course writing copy is still in a very important part even though I put 90% I say 80% of my attention 80 85% of our attention and effort in when it comes to the ad creation the editing process and the development on that on the planning and what type of videos copy is still an important factor of this so my tips to you on to have success of your Facebook ads that doesn't just hinge on your targeting hinge on your targeting it lives and guys by your copy as well is use the meta ads library. Again, you're a painting business owner at the end of the day. You don't you don't have to be an expert level copywriter. You don't need to build that skill. So, two things you can do is use the meta ads library. Search out what other people are doing or use prompt to help it help you create more personalized copy for yourself. You definitely have to feed information about your painting business so I can have to make better [music] copy personalized to you guys, but also pretty much put this prompt in. Act as a world-class direct response copywriter. Write five Facebook ad headlines, three ad copy variations for a painting company targeting homeowners. The goal is to attract homeowners who want to repaint their interior or exterior, focusing on trust, convenience, and curb appeal. Use the AIDA framework. Make the company feel local and professional. and then feed in information. Tweak pretty yeah tweak by adding special offers, client success stories, or targeting specific personas. But it's definitely most likely not going to pop out something good in the first try. You're going to have to iterate. You're going to have to go back and forth with it. But either way, again, you don't have to be a copyriter. There's AI now and there's also the meta ads library where you can see what other people are doing to use for yourself. And [music] if anybody who's scared about legal issues, you don't have to worry about anybody suing you. As long as you don't copy word by word, you're good. tweak it for yourself, adjust it for your painting company. You don't have to worry about no legal stuff. It's not illegal at all. So, with that, let's keep going. So, not just with the strategy or writing copy. We still need a mindset shift because to make this work long term, you're going to have problems with Facebook. It's not going to be smooth sailing. No matter how good your videos are, there's going to be weeks. There's going to be bad weeks. That's business [music] at the end of the day. Either way, running successful Facebook ads in 2026 isn't about hacks. It's about empathy, data, and systems. [music] So, test different messages, not just different hooks. Focus on the quality of leads, not just vanity metrics like CTR, LCR, CPM, hook rate, hold rate when it comes to engagement, cost per lead. You want to focus on what is driving my cost per estimate lower. What is driving my cost per acquisition? What is increasing my sales conversion? And what is increasing my [music] rorowaz, return on ad spend, and average size? If that's if you're focused on those metrics and you're making your adjustments and changes and tweaks and optimizations based off what actually drives and needles and actually puts money back in your pocket, that's what you that's what will give you long-term consistency. [music] All you care about and look at CTR, LCR, cost per lead, CPM, even though they are very important and very because they are the first thing that happens, you're going to lose out. And I can't stress this enough because at least when it comes to my company, not other agencies because I'm not going to speak to them, but at least for us, we don't focus on cost per lead. If you ever get the chance to work with us or we ever work with you, one thing we're not going to do is just look at the cost per lead metric. Oh, we're generating 20 bucks per lead. We're you're generating two, three leads per day. What's going on? Why you're not selling jobs? It's your fault. Not our fault. We're a team at the end of the day. We're going to work with you to actually generate quality leads and try to get rid of the lower quality leads cuz we don't really care about quantity. We want results and what results are are the best possible opportunities. And how do we get those best possible opportunities? Well, getting rid of the crap. So [music] with that, the next point is don't expect one ad to do all the work. Build it like a portfolio, like any type of investment like the stock market. If you have your own Roth, retirement account, 401k, etc., you know that you want to build up with different type of assets to limit your risk [music] because the more type of things you have in your portfolio, the greater chance you have of results long term and also in the short term. So with that, before I hop into the ads ads manager and give you a live tutorial, basically what best setup is, what is the best setup to go now with this Andromeda update, let me go over this right here. So pretty much look, if all this feels overwhelming for you, rather than spend weeks [music] testing and tweaking Facebook ads yourself, I do want to say we got you. I'll drop a link below before you basically below where you can book a free strategy call with me and my team. We'll take care of everything from ad creation to lead generation using the same proven systems that consistently bring in sear results for painting businesses. [music] And in fact, basically what we guarantee is 50K in 90 days. 50K in book jobs with within 90 days. My bad. Or we work for free until you do. And here's the tire kicker. Here's the kicker. Actually, not the tire kicker. The average client who the average client who actually starts with us and fulfills it the first three months, the first 90 days actually books 64,000 in the first 90 days. So that's the average. [music] So if you're ready to skip that guesswork and start getting real qualified painting leads and get this off your plate, not on your plate as a business owner, schedule a call below and let's make it happen. So I wanted to put that message in there just because again, this is very overwhelming and as a business owner, I do believe you should not put be putting things putting more things on your plate when you should be taking it away cuz your time is your most valuable assets. But without further ado, let's get into the ads manager. [music] So now we're in the ads manager and again this will be a quick tutorial. You'll be surprised how fast I'm going to go through this because it's no longer about the setup. It's about everything else that goes into it. So, when you're in your ads manager, you're going to click create here. You're going to click leads. Click continue. Pretty much don't let don't do the done for you edit thing meta thing that they do offer sometimes. Do it completely manual. It's not that good yet. So, we're going to just do adset budget, campaign budget. It doesn't really matter since we're doing one adset. Keeping it simple. That's where Meta has been driving to. So, it doesn't really matter since we're not going to be having multiple adsets. We're going to be having one adset. [music] So, we're going to click adset. No AB test, no special ad categories. And we're going to click next. So, when it comes to the conversion location, you're going to be clicking instant forms cuz we want them to stay in Meta's platform since it's going to be easier when it comes to data optimization and also for Facebook algorithm to basically know what's going on and what. when you take it off gets a little bit lost. Even though you may have pixels or conversion API, it just gets a [music] little dandy. So, instant form, I'm gonna actually change this to horizon painting and not Riley painting since it's actually an actual active account uh that we're using. Riley painting is not Horizon. Uh we're going to do performance goal. Maximize the number of leads. Daily budget. Again, your budget, my tip to you, your budget depends on a lot of factors. Anytime someone schedules a call with me and speaks to me, okay, hey, this is your cost. All right, what what do I need for ad spend? Uh, it always comes down to, okay, one, what are you looking to add from Facebook? Are you looking to book an extra 10, 20, 30, 40, 50 grand from Facebook? Okay, that factors in. All right, the next thing is where are you located? Higher denser denser areas like Denver, Seattle, Boston, Fort Lauderdale, [music] Phoenix, they're they're a lot more saturated, a lot more competitive. So you need to you need to spend more because so so your average return on ad spend is going to be lower. But that's just your market. You're either going to do it or you're not going to do it. You can't complain. You got to suck it up. It's business. [music] If you're in a lesser not as competitive and saturated market, you you're afford you can afford to lessen your spend. Next thing is is also how much can you actually spend? Can you financially spend money? If so, okay. But with that being said, if you're looking to spend 20, you're looking to add an extra 20 to $30,000 a month from Facebook [music] and you're in say an average area, I'm going to recommend $1,500 of ad spend a month and that's 50 bucks. If you're in an area like Denver and you want to put add an extra 20 30,000, I'm going to say at least $2,000, maybe more just because it's a very hard area. There's hundreds and hundreds of painting companies and [music] it's not that easy. So with that, when it comes to the start date, I would say always put it to the very next day. Give Facebook a full 24 hours to run and keep it like that. Don't ever start in the middle of the day just because Facebook will run through your budget. Just give it a full fresh days. Full 24 hours. So the next thing when it comes to your audience, again, Facebook wants it completely broad. The only thing you're going to be doing when it comes to the audience is age and location. So location is actually a big factor when it comes to quality. That's something we have noticed. You can if you can get very hyper specific on the zip codes and the areas and actually exclude certain areas that are not going well, you actually increase your lead quality. Does that also pertain maybe lower lead quantity? Yeah. But again, we care about lead quality over here. So with that, let's say for example, what area should I do? Let's let's do Jersey. Is this a state that I'm familiar with? So with that, we're go here. We do New Jersey, but actually I'm going to be targeting the shore of Jersey. [music] So with this being said, let's say if somebody's a painting contractor here, I'm going to get hyper specific. [music] So since I actually know this area, I know what areas not to target and what areas to target. So let's say he can't service the area up here in the Brunswick area, South River, Saraveville, Spotswood, Old Bridge. [music] I'm going to drop a bubble right here. I'm going click exclude because what's the point since with at least the problem with Facebook people from here if they drive down to Neptune to the beach to [music] join the beach let's say they're on the beach uh but they live up north and they you contractor can't service up there they will be getting hit with ads when they get back even when they get back they'll be getting hit with ads. So we want to limit as much bad and unnecessary exposure of wasted impressions cuz we're paying for impressions. We're not paying for clicks. We're not paying even though that's a cost per click. we're paying for it to be shown and we don't want any money being wasted for people that we're not going to work with at all. There's 0% chance. [music] So with that, put your radiuses and basically cover as many areas that you can cover and exclude how many areas you can exclude cuz something for for certain is that we want to exclude Trenton and we want to exclude basically this area over here if it allows me to drop because this is not a good area in Jersey. We're going to exclude. [music] So we don't have to worry about that. But pretty much if he does freehole, manalapin, twin, middle millstone, twin twins river, we're going to drop a bubble here. And then now it covers that. Of course, fine-tune it and get try to be very specific as possible because again, even though we want to give Facebook as much autoomy, we don't want it to give atom to the wrong people. So either way, don't give it too don't I would say don't be so so so tight-knit [music] because it could raise CPM and it take a long time to get out of the learning curve. You definitely want to be pretty pretty tight-knit about where your where the location bubbles are, the zip codes, and what you're excluding because you don't want it to be run in unnecessary areas. So, with that, the next thing is show suggestions. We're going to adjust the age. So, in Jersey, no one really under 30 has a house uh they really can afford. The ma the vast majority don't. So, 30 [music] to 65 plus. And then you have your population, of course. That's pretty much it. And I'm also going to change the minimum age to 25 because again, we don't want no ads being shown to someone who's 18 to 24. [music] Again, the chance someone has a house is very slim to none. So, we don't want to waste any dollars. [music] So, with that, that's pretty much it. You could adjust Facebook placements. You could, but at this point, again, just let Facebook run. Facebook with time, especially ad accounts new, it will understand and optimize on where to show, how to show, and who to show. So you don't really want to put any type of like [music] constraints because it the chances of it being shown to other platforms is slim. It's going to spend most of your budget on Facebook and and Instagram as well. Just most of it. You don't have to worry about this audience network. So when it comes to the ads itself, keep it very simple. So one thing I'm definitely going to go over it's going to be the copy. It's going to be [music] the headlines. Going to be a quick rundown of the form. I'm not going to get really into it uh because you want to keep that simple as well. But something we do is special is yeah, it is the form. [music] None. Nonetheless, everything's about just keeping it simple since you're the one that's going to be doing it. So, the first thing I want to do is let's actually create the form. So, let's just say form version [music] one. Just keep organized. You want to put different names on it. Go ahead. So, intro, let's say transform. [music] Let me say get your free quote and transform your home. I would say definitely put a picture behind this. I don't I'm not going to put a picture, but don't listen to me. Put a picture behind this. Same thing here. Uh fill out this quick form. There's two in to receive your free well. If you have any discounts, any promotional offers, that's also good as well. You can also be doing right here 10 years of experience. Uh license because in Jersey you have to be licensed and insured. 100 five star reviews like that's also good. Any information it kind of salvages your credibility but again keep it simple. Next questions. So just simple questions to No, we're definitely not doing option optional uh simple questions to get um client information to basically contact them. But still it's still good to try to increase the intent um intentionally. So just fill out fill this out with your contact information when it comes to this questions. Just say what what are you looking to get painted? What are you looking to get painted? Pretty much. Of course, you can word it differently, but I'm just going to try to get the message across. Next is interior painting. Let's say the guy doesn't do cabinet painting. So exterior interior painting. Yeah, exterior interior painting. other and then you can ask about the other. Next question is how soon are you looking to get it done? Yeah, ASAP is a month even though that's pretty much ASAP. One to 3 months or just gathering quotes. Next thing is what some people do do and sometimes I do as well. Give us Can No, not give us, sorry. Can you provide us with Can you provide us with more information with what you're looking to get done for your project? Project, you say minimum character like 10 or 15. So, they don't just say exterior painting. They actually have to write it out. Again, goes down to a 10. So, that's that's actually pretty new. I didn't see this until now. Either way, minimum characters, 15. So, that's pretty much very simple form. What are you looking to get painted? How are you looking to get done? Can you give us more information? Then contact information, full name, [music] email, phone number. Again, you get you get the basic information. Privacy policy. I will put your website or your if you don't have a website, Facebook link. Uh but privacy policy and then for ending pretty much think you're all set. You can visit your website or exit the form now. Go to website. So you can put your website link or if you use software like drip jobs, put your drip jobs link so they can actually like fill out the form so you can schedule them immediately. If you rather you can do call a business, put your phone number and they can call you directly and talk to you immediately. And if we go back to website, if you actually have a calendar link for a calendar, put the calendar here. Uh when it comes to the verbiage and what to say, you can just say I think you're all set. Um [music] you can say expect to hear from us soon. Oo that is not English. Expect to hear from us very soon. Something like we have now we have gathered and collected your information. We are be be on the lookout be on and it's all on top of my head right now. Be on the lookout. We will be contacting you you very very soon. We will be contacting you very very soon. Yeah. very very soon pretty much. Again, keep it very short. You can do add more to it. Um especially if a calendar link, you can say, "Oh, you one last thing, schedule your free estimate down below or check out our website." Something along the lines. Again, keep it very simple. No need to [music] overthink it. Either way, the goal is how can we get the leads to an estimate cuz a lead we're just gathering the information. We need to get them to an estimate. And that's when if you don't have a calendar link and they don't schedule themselves, your follow-up game better be in tune because one expectation that will set to you is that you're going to have to be on it. That's something we actually do over here as well is that we can also like handle the leads for you and not just manage the campaigns. We can take care of that. But either way, if you're not on the [music] leads, you're not calling within 5 minutes or texting them, you're going to be losing out on so many possible opportunities that why even spend money. So again, if you're not in that position [music] when it comes to your time, it's just best to hire somebody that you can trust to take it off your plate, honestly, cuz I ran into a lot of times where people want to handle these themselves and we just take it off of them because too many opportunities are getting going through the going through the pipeline. We need to increase the schedule rate. So with that, that's your form. Again, even though I didn't actually really create the form, that's pretty much how you'll do the form. Keep it very simple, but also make it unique to you as well. So with that, for example, I'm just going to use this at this video that I created a long time ago for this person. Um, and we're going to basically do the copy. So I have copy here ready to use and I have three three different examples with five different headlines or description text. But again, use the metad library and use JBT. So pretty much I'm just going to copy and paste because this is of course you can also look at the copy on the screen and then use it for yourself. Um, but pretty much and of course if you actually want this again, send me a message. So with that, I have this ready to go and I'm going to just copy and paste. But pretty much the to even talk about the video I just selected. What I call that is an exterior painting video/ action video. So that the purpose of that video is to try to attract more exterior leads or more people looking to get their exterior painting. say get your free estimate. You can like when it comes to these headlines as well, not to jump back and forth. Um you can mix and match this very easily. So this says get your free quote and claim 10%. You can do 10% discount and claim your free quote. You can do get free quote and get a free color consultation. [music] Get a free paint upgrade. You can it's what you offer and how you want to word it cuz you again at the end of the day you have to um [music] you have to sell this. So with that as well when it comes to that video I just said that's why I selected it. So again when it comes to like oh what video content ideas do I need? I do have a document that I can share you and can show you about what content basically a document I give to everybody that I work with um content ideas frameworks of basically how to record and stuff like that with instructions and guidance so we can get the best content available [music] because content gets results. It's none of this crap anymore. Even though this still matters. This still very matters. this copy still matters. It's not like we don't actually try to innovate. Even though a lot of this copy, honestly, we primarily don't use, even though we do use some or we iterate from it. But either way, the whole goal of it is that make sure you also space it out. The whole goal of it is to get it's always content. It's going to be the content. So, sound like a broken record, but it is what it is. With that, make sure it's all spaced out. Nice. Nicely done. Of course, when it comes to this, I'm not going to actually change the names, but the one thing I will do is that enter your town name. So, since we're targeting the beach, that is called Mammoth County in Jersey. Hey, Mammoth County or a hey Jersey Shore, something like that that calls out the people in that area. But primarily, it's Mammoth County. So, hey Mammoth County, you're looking to get your house painted, exterior, [music] interior painting this year. I'm Daniel with new era of painting uh here in Mammoth County, New Jersey, and we're looking to uh we would love to paint your house. Pretty much this is just placeholders, but again, you get the picture. So with that, you want to make it like I have it over here. You want to make it feel local and professional to have [music] to attract homeowners who want to repaint their house, but focus on trust and convenience and curb appeal, but local and professional at the same time cuz that's who you are. That's how we will attract the right [music] ideal clients and right type of people. But right here is your CL is your ads, your copy. Once you write your copy and have it basically laid out like this and you just plug in and place, what I like to do that makes my time a little efficient is then then I start to um so like I'll name this exterior painting video. Exterior video one. I really the naming doesn't really matter. It's for yourself, but for me how I how I do it, I like I don't like to really go too crazy. So exterior uh video one and that's it. Uh, so we're going to duplicate it now because again what we talked about is a different type of concept. So I'm just going to name off concepts that you could try. You can start to brainstorm. So we have exterior video. You can do exterior before and after video. So showing an exterior video of a before and after. [music] You can do an exterior personal video. So it's a video of you on camera talking about your house get to getting the exterior paint of the house. Uh, that's another concept. I like to say this. This is a a photo. So, it's a owner photo. Business owner photo. Um, owner photo. I think I call it owner photo. I'm not wrong. If I'm not wrong, owner photo version one. So, it could be a picture of you outside of the house being painted or being done painted. Um, something else I have run myself and I've seen other people run. Um, but definitely I'll say I ran. One of the first people to run. I have that confidence or maybe cognus. But either way, it's um you can say a picture of home owners. Some people run, even myself, we also run as well a picture of homeowners. Whether you have a sign of your logo or just a picture of you in the middle with the the wife and the husband. That's also is very nice as well. Also, especially in front of the project that was just done, whether it was a a room or the outside of the house [music] picture of with the home, not the homeowners, with the homeowners. Other home is also going to be doing good. As long as you have the company logo, that's still good. That speaks to credibility. That's nurture content. Uh, another thing is it's an exterior walkthrough video. So video of you walking through a job site of being done or walking through a job being that was finished exterior walkthrough version one. Uh another thing that you can do, you can definitely probably have an exterior version version two [music] painting video have more than one special painting videos with different type of angles and stuff. Even though I just talked about not having so many variations, but it's okay to have two to three variations, especially when it comes to I say two variations per concept. [music] three for painting videos but two two variations per concepts. So this is what I mean by different concepts. This is all different concepts. One, two, three, four, five, six, seven. It's not just painting, personal. It's before and after, personal, photo, picture of homeowners walk through. And I can go more and more. I have a lot more concepts that we do run and actively uh test and uh create and think of. Uh but again, that's what that's my trade secrets. So I'm definitely going to release everything uh because we [music] keep that to our client. We want our clients to dominate and we're not just going to let it known for everybody because if you are in the area that somebody that I work with, we don't want you to knowing the secrets cuz I'm focused on that. So either way, this is pretty basic, pretty simple. And now also the benefit of it benefit is that all your copies there. Now it's just now getting the content whether it's edited yet or not. Now once it's all created, finished, edited, you plug it right in. That's it. And then you click launch and it's going to launch for the next day. have a full 24 hours and you're good. So you have the [music] form, you have the copy, you have the content, you have the video, you have the setup, everything is good. So going forward, pretty much what I have to say again when it comes to optimizations and what you should be looking at to determine your performance is of course you have CTR. I call this LCR and you have the CPM with the cost per lead. Yes, these are very important metrics. I'm not going to denote that. Of course, if I'm going to rank them, it goes cost per lead, C I'll say cost per lead, LCR, CTR, and CPM. Even though CPM also can go up and down just because if it's a very expensive CPM, means you're paying a lot of money to be shown. Either way, it's cost per lead, LCR, CTR, CPM. That's my personal ranking. Some people may have CTR over LCR. Maybe people have CPM at second. Maybe they have CPM at first. Who cares? I have no idea. But that's how I run it. But either way, when it comes to what metrics I actually truly care for and what metrics we track for the people we work with is how much money is going back in your pocket, what is your return on the money that you're spending, what is your average shop size, what is your closing rate, what is your cost per acquisition, what what is your cost per schedule? Those are the numbers that we actually look to actually optimize. Everything else is a part of that process, but we rather pay a higher cost per lead if these numbers look better. So with that, take with that as you will. Again, if you have more questions on that, you want me to kind of go more into it and specifically what I'm talking about, again, feel free to re reach out to me. I love to help. But either way, with that being said, that's how you set up a campaign. Again, keep it very simple. Let Facebook do the work. Your job is to fill it with content is to fill it with an array of options. Where is it again? is to fill with array a wide array of options of ad types for the algorithm for that AI bot to show and be a matchmaker for the homeowners in your areas. [music] That's how you're going to make Facebook ads work. And I'm glad it's like that because again don't want to sound like this but we've been doing it ahead of time. So, personally, I haven't really felt this. I was surprised when I heard about this [music] because we already have had and really already ran creative diversity and we already have a big portfolio of ads for everybody we worked with or we try to because it does come down to you guys to get us the content we're asking for. [music] But either way, with that being said, to final and tying back to this point again, again, if this all still all looks very overwhelming, you do not want to handle this and you want to get this off the plate, not on your plate, if you're in a position to outsource this, I'm going to leave my link down below. Please schedule a call with me. Not please, I'm not begging, but for your sake, schedule a call with me. Like I said, the average client who works with us in the first 90 days books 64,000. Our guarantee is 50. We back it up. So without further ado, this is pretty much the video. This is the best way, the best setup, the best way to go about Facebook ads for painting companies, especially after the Andromeda update. Again, if you need any help, you have any questions, feel free to reach out to me. Without further ado, this is the final part of the video. So, I hope you really watched it. Hope you took a lot of value with it. Hope this helps you in your painting business and helps you get results. And hopefully one day I would love to work with you as well. [music] Um, so without further ado, I hope you like the video. I hope you subscribe and I'll see you guys all in the next one.

  Top Comments:
  1. @baltais1236: how many atcually close? % on leads
  2. @5Syor: Great video! I run a painting business out of Central Florida and get most of my leads from Home Depot, at least when I don't do any work as a subcontractor. Working directly with H.O is a game changer so I appreciate this video a lot. Would you have that doc for me to review ? Thank you!

- Meta's Andromeda & GEM: Clearly Explained: Kind: captions Language: en Here's the thing about Andromeda. You're probably thinking about it all wrong. I see a lot of people blaming bad performance on the new Andromeda update. And I'm going to keep it 100 with you. I have a lot of opinions about this update that I think are going to actually make you uncomfortable. So, what we're going to do today is I'm actually going to give you the clearest explanation on what these updates actually are. And there are three in total. It's not just Andromeda. Then I'm going to explain why these updates may have contributed to bad results, just not in the way that you think they are. In fact, I'm going to be calling you out a little bit. But before we begin, my personal hot takes on these updates and why I think it's really important that you clearly understand them. Number one, these updates have rendered all targeting interests look alike, even prospecting versus retargeting pretty much useless. You'll understand why I explain more. And number two, it's also made your account structure far less important. Kind of a big one, right? So, let's get into these updates. So, there are three new updates in total, right? There's Andromeda, Gem, and Lattis. And let's go into the most infamous first. Andromeda. Actually, let's first go into what it's not. It is not a new algorithm. And it's also not new. It was actually launched last year in December of 2024. So, it is not responsible for your poor ads performance lately with an asterisk here, right? Because I can explain why some of you might have worse performance now as a result of these changes. And finally, Andromeda doesn't actually control which singular ad is shown to each individual user. Let's dive into this. So, Andromeda is part of the algorithm that actually decides which ads are selected for delivery. It narrows down millions of ads from thousands of brands to a smaller pool that can be shown to each individual user. Simply put, Andromeda is the retrieval process for gathering relevant ads for each user every time they sign on to Facebook or Instagram. That is it. Andromeda doesn't even technically select the best individual ad at any given moment. That is actually another update's job. Now, the way that I like to think about Andromeda is this. It's kind of like a personal assistant that you've tasked to help it find you the best perfect white t-shirt. So, what that personal assistant is going to do first, right, is based on how well they know you and what type of events and travel you have coming up, they are going to narrow down a selection of a few options for you to choose. And that process is all that Andromeda does, but just for ads. Now, before we dive into the gem and lattice updates, which are really crucial for fully understanding this new algorithm, I first want to give a huge thanks to the sponsors of this video, Particle. They are longtime friends of ours because they play a really critical role in my own research process, which honestly is now doubly important with all these new updates. With Particle, you can see real-time sales data from the top DTOC brands. And I particularly love it to be able to zoom in on what type of products and bundles are actually selling today. Something that I'll explain more in depth later in this video and why some of you might have had worse results after the gem and Andromeda updates. And again, not to spoil the plot, but being able to increase your AOV so you can actually spend more to acquire your customers is going to be a crucial part of your success moving forward in this new ecosystem. So, some of my favorite bundles that I've seen using Particle recently that have honestly really given me a few bursts of great creative inspiration for this have been Hexclad's Ultimate Everything Collection, which honestly seemed to crush this Black Friday, Cyber Monday. And similarly, Magic Spoon also has an everything bundle. So, when I saw these, actually, I immediately reached out to some of the clients that I was working with and I'm like, "Hey, do we have an everything bundle?" Cuz if not, this seems like a really easy thing that we could do to really increase our AOV. Now, the reason why Particle ties in really well with Andromeda and Gem is that you're going to be able to get a much better sense of your competitor's revenue and sales by skew. And they also have centralized access to tons of marketing assets from your competitors like social media ads and even emails. So, if you really think that Andromeda is the reason why your sales tanked, I would actually take a look at your competitors and particle and you might actually see, hm, they're doing something a lot better when it comes to their bundle strategy, their product strategy, and how they're positioning those products across their entire marketing ecosystem. Okay, let's get back into these updates. Right. So after Andromeda narrows down the pool of ads, that's when the other new AI models like Gem and Lattis come into the picture. So Gem is the generative ads recommendation model. And after Andromeda selects this pool of ads, right? That's when Gem comes in. And Gem is essentially a superbrain. I actually really loved the way that this Meta employee described it. He described it like a new superbrain that can read an entire library of book in seconds while understanding and retaining every single detail. So, the way that this comes to life in Gem is that it can essentially read the mind of your customers and figure out what they're going to want to do next week, maybe even before they do. So, Andromeda creates a pool of ads for a user and Gem narrows that down even further as sort of the super brain power. And then that's where Lattis comes in, which is essentially a massive library of all of the AI models of the algorithm. And this is where GEM actually lives, right? It's a part of Lattis, which is significant because in the past, Meta has actually had all of these different models separated, which is why it really benefited us to have interest targeting, lookalike targeting, and segmenting things out between prospecting and retargeting even. But now with Lattice, the exact right ad can be matched up to the right user. So it is actually Lattice that selects that final ad, not Andromeda or Gem. And let's go back to my metaphor, right? Let's bring this full circle. Andromeda is like the personal assistant who will narrow down a pool of white t-shirts that you might want to buy, all from different brands. And Gem is the superbrain that selects an even smaller pull of white t-shirts based on even more detailed insights on you, your behavior, and the advertiser goals. And it knows what types of fabrics you like. You know, cotton versus linen, for instance. And lattice is the system that brings everything together. It is the one that selects the final t-shirts based on all data and outputs from Gem and other models. So to put it really plainly, Andromeda and Gem are simply the systems that Meta created so that they could sort through millions of different ad combinations for each individual user. Candidly, it broke that into steps so that Lattis could make that final ad selection. Okay. So what can advertisers do if results are down? How has this affected advertisers in the last few months? Because I have heard from a lot of people, Andromeda killed my results. And that's not exactly true, but there is a reason why your results could have gone down as a result of it. And to be honest, it's really simple. Your competitors are likely taking better advantage over everything that Andromeda has to offer. They're likely out bidding you. So, they have a bigger budget to acquire a customer, and they're a lot more strategic on their creative strategy, aka they probably have more better ads than you do. Nothing more and nothing less in my opinion. And think about it. If your competitors doubled down on their creative strategy and really focused on their creative operations and making sure they could get more better creatives out the door and you just kept the status quo, yeah, Andromeda and Gem are much more likely to select your competitor's ads versus your own if you just kept things business as usual. Because Andromeda and Gem really does reward brands who are supplying great creative volume, but more importantly, creative diversity because it makes their jobs a lot easier to select relevant and engaging content, which again, I don't want to say that volume's the answer. Volume is not exactly the answer. It's much more about your creative efficiency and your velocity. How quickly can you get excellent creatives out the door and into the ad account? So, I always tell brands this. This is what you can do. Number one, you need to know your core personas. I actually really like to call them audience segments. What are the different audience segments that you can develop creative for? Motion actually has a really great intended audience tag that I really love to be able to like bring this to life a little bit more, especially if you think you have only one. And for those segments, you need to develop a diverse range of creative formats. And when you find certain formats are top performers, that's when you really need to start doubling down on different messaging angles and even different awareness levels so you can give the algorithm as much manpower as possible. And for those of you that are overwhelmed, I absolutely hear you. This suddenly becomes a question of not how to make the best ad possible, but it's more about your creative operations and how quickly you can act on those high quality creative ideas. So, my final thoughts for this, a really interesting wrinkle to all of this is this trend or desire for more brands to put out top offunnel content, which candidly is just great organic content. The gap between organic and paid content in my eyes is really starting to close as we move into 2026. And for brands that really prioritize unique organic content, I think they're going to be in the best position to pump out those new creative angles and [music] ideas for a wide range of personas. I've even seen a few operators say that they were going to be combining their paid social and their organic social teams into one, which I think is a sign of things to come. And that's all. I will see you guys next week. Let me know if you want a video on how to develop your creative strategy more for Andromeda. I think that's going to be really important.

  Top Comments:
  1. @TinyandSnail [1 likes]: Oooh this is gold! Thank you Dana! Especially the part at the end talking about how quickly you can produce a volume of relevant content.
  2. @lilykilleen3085 [1 likes]: hey idk if this is a dumb question but could you do a video clearly explaining each meta ad metric and what you need to change if one is down or high ?
  3. @herrokittyxo [1 likes]: Thanks for sharing! Do you have any insight on whether Metas algorithm can find audiences for non-profits/advocacy groups?
  4. @terripenfield5069: The only thing that has happened is facebook marketplace is a mess.
  5. @brotherdaveseattle2791: Libarry????
  6. @AbdulQudoosMir-m7y: Oh, please do be careful, Madam. At this rate of jaw gymnastics, you’re going to pull a muscle. For the sake of your own health, do you think you could try just... saying the point? Or is the theatrical performance mandatory?
  7. @Garo_Tcherpachian: Great video Dara thanks ! We definitly want a video about creative strategy haha
  8. @mattloris3698: Lie'berry❤
  9. @nasrodineelghalbzouri4849: I sell furniture online (mirrors, buffets, and other categories). What campaign structure would you recommend — one campaign per product category, or grouping all product categories within a single campaign?
  10. @jnpilot: This made the new Meta system even more confusing for me…
  11. @zeeshanzeeshan1149: Lots of theory there. And no, my competitors,  bigger are smaller are going down with me. The system is broken. It may improve with time but right now, its a complete mess. If selection is all that matters in the end and if meta  is doing it better now, it should impact ctr, cpm etc. Nope, nothing changed. I just get the feeling that meta is overselling all of this not so super brain to just charge more.
  12. @VibhaDevi-is7hg: What's the price range of your next creative strategist course...?
So i will be prepared...
  13. @Andres-196: Hi Dara, did you ever launch your creative strategy course? Would like to level-up our team members!
  14. @Jesfundamentals: Hi Dara, All this information is excellent!!!!
I have a question. What you teach about advertising is more focused on DTC products. Would what you teach apply to aesthetic clinics that offer Botox treatments, biostimulators, etc.?
And if it doesn't apply, can you recommend someone I could study with?
  15. @rcmanization: what's up with the horror movie background music in the first minute? lol
  16. @larissabecker1893: 10:10 yes do it girl!
  17. @David-rd9ke: Hi Dara! I am considering starting a FB ads agency. However, I know nothing! What resources/courses would you recommend for someone just starting out? Also, I saw one of your reels where you said smaller businesses shouldn't be paying agencies to run their ads. What types of businesses should I target (i.e. what income bracket would they fall into) with my service once I officially launch my business?
  18. @OguzSargin-r3d: Thank you, Dara. As you do every year, could you please also create a video for your Andromeda Campaign Structure?
  19. @abdalfatahelnahas1024: Thank you 
It will be great if you make a video about creative strategy
  20. @damanrique: I have a question. When I pay for ads, META gives an estimate of how much people will it reach. So what with these algorithms, selection, Competence, etc. If in the end META will show the ads to a certain number of people. What am I missing? Thank you

- Why Meta is The Best Ad Platform on The Planet in 2026 Part 1: Kind: captions Language: en 73.7% of people on the planet who have internet access use Meta on a monthly basis. >> When you think about like the Roman Empire, like Zuckerberg is the Julius Caesar of [music] today's day and age. >> If you want to get to your client or customer or grow a business, Meta is the place to do it cuz that's where the eyeballs are. A couple of different friends of mine, non- tech industry, and they expressed their deep concern about their jobs in legal, in architecture, in building are all going to be AIDed out. And I'm like, no, there's one thing that's counterintuitive to all of this is Hello and welcome to the Perpetual Traffic Podcast. This is your host Ralph Burns, founder and CEO of Tier 11, alongside my amazing state capital hopping co-host >> Lauren E. Patula, founder of Mongoose Media. Stay hopping, thinking I'm in heels like hopping like a rabbit between the old capital building and the new capital building. >> You're just hopping from capital building to capital building. Well, uh, suffice to say, you probably want an answer as to why I'm actually saying that if you're listening to this show, which you probably are because here we are. What exactly have you been doing aside from getting a lot of dental work done this week? And we are going to leave a link in the show notes to the the perpetual traffic episode that could have been when you like basically you got like some kind of dental work. >> I had a cavity. Okay, let's be real. I I'm not a very good flosser. I'm sorry. Just keep it real. >> Got to floss. Got to floss every day. >> They actually said it's because I apparently I don't grind in my sleep, but I compress in my sleeve. So, my upper teeth made divots in my lowers and so there's just like a bankment of bacteria. Like I made their own extra house because the way I compress. So, anyways. Yeah, whatever. Now, I'm going to get a night guard sweep bath. Woohoo. >> It's great content right here. >> We're leaving a link in the show notes, guys, just because it's so funny. We couldn't record because I couldn't understand what Lauren was saying. Like a f a mouthful of it's actually lidocaine. Everyone say it says it's Novocacaane. I used to sell drugs, believe it or not. So anyway, whatever. Point is like you sound like a Rhode Island, New York, Boston mashup, and I couldn't understand like every like third or fourth word. Uh, we're gonna leave a link in the show notes on that on Lauren's. Definitely check out Lauren's Instagram. Anyway, um, [laughter] just just in >> there's a video where I recorded it being like, here's proof I'm memorializing what I sound like and I like watched it yesterday. I was like, oh my gosh, >> what? >> Gosh, what is going on here? That's the crazy That's the funniest thing. I was laughing my ass off. Anyway, so you are in the state capital right now. >> Yes. >> In Tallahassee. But first off, you know, aside from my wife who knows every state capital, I don't I think probably the majority of listeners are like, "Yeah, state capital of Florida is Miami." Unless you actually live in Florida. Uh the point is is you're there and you're there for a very interesting reason which relates directly to all the stuff we're going to be talking about on today's show, which if you've already seen the title of today's show, we're going to go back in time and tell you exactly why Meta is the best ad platform on the planet for 2026. But a lot of it has to do with AI and a lot of their investment in artificial intelligence, the llama platform, obviously the algorithm, all of that. And you were testifying yesterday uh in front of what a a house subcommittee. Tell tell us about one. >> Yeah, I was super grateful I got an invitation to join the subcommittee. There's a panel on professional and business use of AI. It was led by uh chair uh Mike Jalumbardo and then uh there was my representative from Orlando that was there. So it was the subcommittee. Um they had several other things before but I was last and longest and it was myself. There was uh representatives with executives from Microsoft from OpenAI. X bailed >> really whatever. Yeah. So uh they were there was someone that was supposed to be there. their head of policy like we had the head of solutions of AI for open AI leadership at the others and then Meta because of how much I use Meta AI specifically and my personal usage of it invited me there to speak on this panel and it was amazing cuz well the other two zoomed in they zoomed in like I drove up from Orlando the others just joined in um it was a lot of fun I had a very different way I shared how I use AI and the opportunities behind AI. Like not to the other gentleman's like detriment or anything, but they were very policy forward in their speak. Like they were talking about LMS and where data lives and it was something that I could keep up with, but I couldn't imagine that the rest of the representatives necessarily could cuz it's not the world that they live in. And so I thought I had done a good job of uh bringing actual use cases of how we use AI, generative AI specifically using in sales and marketing the opportunities of leveraging AI to augment an employees better output versus just like replacing people. We've never hired more people since AI. We we hire more and we hire more local. Um, and so I was sharing that side of the story because they're they're going to be making committees across the US and nationally that's going to govern AI and before they make that type of legislative override and while we're still in this development stage, uh, our elected leaders are trying to get a grasp on it. Well, that's not necessarily the tool they use. So, anyways, that's what I get to talk about. how I use AI, how it's really helped and empowered my business and that I could advocate for small businesses of uh when they're making these policies to know how we're actually using it. And um I fell um well, I legit fell. I was on the podium and it slipped. Um, and so I stayed in character and I was really grateful six representatives had come up to me afterwards saying that they appreciated my liveless despite that like not only did I fall during this like hourong panel or whatever, I also started crying. Like the very first moment when I had two minutes to introduce myself, I was balling. It was not necessarily the best intro, but the bill that was passed right before me that was like unanimously approved was about um accessibility. Oh, am I getting choked up again? Uh, and just allowing Flidians a chance to um find solutions to accommodate their wheelchairs or ECVs. And my dad was handicapped. He was 68 and a half, so he couldn't fit in his wheelchair. And he was a VA. So, we had to wait 2 years before he could get his next ECV before it would have been approved. So, he didn't travel with us the last four years of his life because we were waiting for his next wheelchair because we weren't allowed to modify his. So, they had passed us unanimously. I came up. I was like, I'm sorry, guys. The last bill he passed unanimously was so good. Thank you. I'm Lauren, founder of MX Media. >> It was embarrassing, but whatever. Anyways, that's what I did. It was like a very great session talking about AI, talking about meta AI and um how helpful it's been for me and the small businesses I represent. >> And so that was really it. So you like how long did you speak for? How long was your >> Oh, it was like it was great. It was a dialogue. Uh there were questions back and forth. Um there's a lot more like uh proper eticies that maybe I wasn't aware of or prepared for like thank you chair. Thank you representative Hinsson that was a wonderful question. Thank you chair for recognizing me. Like there were those type of moments that the other gentlemen on Zoom were doing and then it was very politicky. Meanwhile they were like okay the floor is yours to myself and the other panel. I was like I'm going to go first. I got five brothers. Let me in. Um, and I had to be I had to wait till I was recognized to speak. >> Oh, right. Yeah, protocols, right? >> Yeah, protocols. [clears throat] >> Whatever. >> You're probably not so good at protocols. >> Look, one of the representatives told me I should run for office one day. She did say when I'm older. Uh, but they said I was the most lively um speaker they had. They said, "Thank you so much for your testimony. thank you so much for your presentation. And it was very grandstandandy. Uh but it was full of my personality from crying out the gate and then like all these like movements around and falling. I felt like Jennifer Lawrence but of politics. >> I think that's the the falling. You didn't hurt yourself on the falling. >> No, not at all. But they were like, "Oh, none of us knew that platform moved." >> Yeah. >> Oh. Oh, right. Right. Of course. Yeah. Well, they probably don't like move around a whole lot. You're I would imagine you're justiculating and you're doing your Lauren Patrulo thing and like most people just sort of stand there right at the podium and you know deliver with hand gestures. Yeah. >> I look like the blowup thing in front of a youth car lot >> everywhere. >> I know. I know. You're constantly like you know you know knocking your your microphone on on shows like this. Uh so the bottom line is is like you were there for a to understand from the small business perspective the power of AI the threat of AI like what was what was sort of your your summary of it your takeaway for those who are listening >> I think my takeaway be that are the representatives are afraid they're afraid of job loss of employee replacement they're afraid of the expenses inqu acquired ired to small businesses to adopt AI, the lack of uh learning and education on the matter. And then there was definitely one representative who was uh very adamant on bringing on AI's influence on minors. And so I was glad for like the different things because when one representative said like, hey, I don't is this going to replace jobs? Are we going to harm our economy by having small businesses and medium to large businesses adopt AI? Like I've never hired more because of AI. I have better output because of AI. I can empower and connect. And I had talked about how like AI is this like great equalizer in the sense that I I volunteer at juvenile detention centers and I teach incarcerated youth how to become people after being prisoners. And like that their records, not their resume. And a lot of these very talented young adults who maybe were great at sales but selling something illegal have incredibly transferable skills and how AI allows them to compete against MIT graduates and other students that maybe didn't graduate out of a JDC because they have an attitude for hustling and an aptitude for technology. And we were able to talk about how there is an opportunity for ex-cons to use AI. And I gave an exact example that I've done with some of the stuff I'm doing for my nonprofit where I talk to exconvicts and I say great let's let's have a dialogue with AI. I talk to Meta AI or talk to ChatgPT find a job that you're interested in. Upload the job description. Now have a conversation with chat back and forth for 30 minutes so that you can at the end of the session build a resume that the job where you submit your application to will see you as a person and not as a prisoner. And for that they were like this isn't how we thought about using AI. they're only using it to like get recipes or plan vacations. Um, so exchanging how I actually use it against their fear of this is going to hurt the American people, this is going to hurt our job force, this is going to hurt our kids. Um, was an opinion that hadn't been well represented previously. >> I think one of the things that people are so worried about, and this has not come up, and we haven't talked about this in quite some time, is the job loss factor, the fear factor when it comes to AI. We've really been just sort of talking about how great it is, how great it is for obviously the meta algorithm, which we're going to be talking about here today, but also just AI in general and how it's a force multiplier for your best people. The adoption of it is still in my opinion lagging. Like we still have the people that are sort of the early adopters really doing a lot with it and then there is sort of a drop off. I'm seeing that, you know, within not only just my company to a certain degree. Like that's just the normal course of how any new technology is adopted. You're always going to have the, you know, the people that are going to be on the leading edge and then you're going to have the ones that kind of come after that and then you're going to have the skeptics and then you're going to have the ones that are just never going to do it. >> So, and I think that has played itself out to a certain degree. I think our space in digital marketing has adopted it probably quicker than maybe a lot of industries that are less tech heavy. I mean obviously you've got the tech sector for example but you know if you look at like Meta or you look at Amazon you look at layoffs and then hiring you've got layoffs that have actually happened this year for sure. So Meta laid off 3,600 people in January of this past year, but they're also hiring 2,000 people right now. Amazon laid off 14,000 people back a few months ago, but now they're hiring another 3,000. So I think there's a shuffling of the deck here that goes along with AI. Is all of that related to AI? You know, some of it is, of course. It's like it's hard to really say, but [clears throat] I know this is like we have the same staff number today that we did probably about a year ago and we're better leveraged for future growth. We have shuffled the deck quite a bit. We have changed people out that are not adopting the new technologies that are resisting the way that things are going to be and sort of, you know, bringing bringing back to the days of, oh, I remember when we used to be able to charge $25,000 for a sales page, you know, and now we get a a 5% tail on that into perpetuity. Well, those days are over. Like I'm using an extreme example here because obviously something like that is completely replaced by god knows how many different tools that create landing pages, sales pages. Now one of my favorites right now is lovable by the way. But anyway, the point is this is that all of this is moving forward no matter what. Yeah, >> I had a conversation with a couple of different friends of mine, non- tech industry this past weekend and they expressed their deep concern about all of this. Meaning that their jobs in legal, in architecture, in building are all going to be AIed out. And I'm like, no, it actually you still need a human in the middle of it. >> Yeah. Human in the loop. >> Yeah. My my architect friend was complaining about I'm so backed up right now. I'm like, I'm so like I'm like, that's great. How is AI helping you become more productive? Oh, I haven't used any of the tools. So, if he used some of the AI tools, and yes, he does do a lot of things that are sort of leading edge in the past in the architecture space. I'm like, you need to look at this in a different way. >> Uh, you need to be able to adopt it to make yourself more productive and find tools that enable you to be not only more creative, but but produce better work. And that was sort of the big breakthrough. Like I don't know if I necessarily got through to him with my lawyer friend. I was like, "Yeah, I'm definitely outsourcing some of our contract work to AI and Gemini and Chat GPT when I need to put together an addendum and then I might run it by our lawyer, but I don't incur the $600 an hour fees anymore that I used to. So there's cost >> in discovery." >> Yeah. To leverage that $600 to invest back into your business. So it's it's I think the reshuffleling is the best example. I told them that like there's definitely going to be jobs that will go away without without a doubt because the same as we do not have telephone switchboard operators anymore. Like there is positions that will absolutely go away. But you know what we do have instead of telephone operators, we have hundreds and hundreds of stores across the state of Florida that sell cell phones. We have sales people. We have door to door salesman. It's just it's a reshuffleling of what those jobs are. And um there's tasks and skills that AI can help you with where it can help you have better output. I liked how you had expressed that really well. And so I think it's a there's a lot of fear around it and there's stuff that's definitely going to replace and go away. But like even like on today's topic, it's just like technology evolves. Um it's robotics with AI that's going to facilitate greater examples. They were concerned about like the non- tech like the more manual jobs and I had talked about how there's this one plumber that we consulted with where they're able to use AI like the meta glasses for example where they can have a junior apprentice on site the older gentleman is too arthritis prone to get under the sinks anymore. So he's a younger apprentice and then with AI and with glasses the younger apprentice is now supervised by the experienced individual. So the younger one can get in, understand what are the different pieces, and have conversations back and forth. So instead of the cost of one plumber being there, you're actually getting two because an AI has now enabled you to double the workforce, but then you're also able to be more efficient because that gentleman who's overseeing it can check in with two or three. You have a supervisor overseeing two or three jobs at the same time. So that small business owner is expanding his ability to work. And if you think about it like from a VA perspective or for an elderly like an aged home because that's like half of Florida, right? You have such long cues before an HVAC person can get to you, before a plumber can get to you. And now you're able to just help a lot more. I think of your architecture friend like you're able to support more growth. All the people that he's backlogged with are preventing from contributing to the economy because they can't get their renderings done. They can't build their stuff. So AI is the amplifier of growth. >> Excellent point. Yeah. And like he hasn't used any AI tools at all. He hasn't even used chat GPT at all for any of this or created a GPT for architecture. Now my point was is this is obviously we're going to get under the show here, but the point is is you have to be able to be open to it and understand it's not a threat. It's actually an opportunity. I think you said it great. Especially in that n like I never thought about that niche in the plumbing niche. >> Like Meta's AI glasses, which by the way are >> Oh, I've got them. >> I guess from High Level. They're right here. Oh, let me grab them. >> So cool. I got to try them out in a conference about 6 months ago, and I thought they were they were a little bit clunky then, but now I've not seen them as of yet, but they look amazing. So, shout out to High Level because they gave them to me after speaking at their event in Dallas. >> That's fantastic. Yeah. See, there you go. Looking good. >> And so, like here, I can like take a picture and you can see that there's a flash or you see? >> So, there you go. You can see that it's recording with the light flashing. >> So, now I get a minute of recording whatever I want. Or the same as I can say like, "Hey, AI. Hey AI, what's in front of me? Hey, Meta, what's in front of me? >> Hey, where?" >> Okay. Now, you can't hear her, but she's explaining to me what's on the screen in front of me. >> Yeah, >> cuz I can't see. I didn't put my prescription lenses into it. So, I'll switch back to my real glasses. >> So, I like that a continuation on the plumber thing. So, I had a plumber at our house and we had this pedestal sink that we wanted to change out. We got the wrong size cabinet sink and so the thing didn't like align up. And so they for like two hours like tried to figure out like how to actually do this and how to figure it out. And what's worse yet is that the the new faucet that Jen wanted was like made in Germany. So it didn't like match anything that they had it, you know, in the truck. And so it took them another two days to figure this out. If they had Meta Glasses, I guarantee you they would have been able to say, "What is this? How can I order it? And where can I order it?" like the attachment for the sink like and then the problem that they had with the pedestal going to the cabinet sink. >> How can I actually get around this? Is there a better solution? >> And there was two of them. There was the guy that was working and then there was my my buddy who's been doing this for years and years and he doesn't really do much of the work anymore, but he's like the sensei when it comes to like heating and cooling and and plumbing. And so his apprentice could have used the meta glasses to at least give ideas to him and then he would then say, "Oh, I don't know if that would necessarily work." Grant >> you with Meta's glasses, you're using Meta's LLM. So there might be a creative solution that he's never talked to or that isn't in the public domain that he might know that the Meta Lama, you know, LLM, which is basically powering everything for Meta right now, like behind the scenes, not necessarily the AI algorithm that we're going to be talking about. The point is is that like that's a whole other thing. And like they could have taken a three-day job and compressed it into maybe a day or come back with the right attachment and gotten it from you. I don't even know how they fixed the damn thing. I think they just sort of juryrigged it and so far it's not leaking which is good. The point is is like AI could have helped there. >> Absolutely. And then they could have had more jobs. You wouldn't have had to have spent as much and paid for their lack of discovery. they could have um used that time to invest in marketing for their business to attend a trade show to upgrade their lensure like it's just allowing you to be more efficient. So, as you said, you kept the same headcount, but you've amplified your ability to grow. You are more prepped to take on more than you were a year ago with the same staff. But what I know you're doing is instead I mean, you are taking in more always, but you're also making better from existing. So your output the same as like so many other marketing agencies and advertisers which is why I say like the media buyers role that is going away like the telephone switch operator it's not the same role anymore you're a strategist you're providing more value like I had given an example of how they had like just before me a 450 page bill that they were examining I said that's a lot and like I'm in the middle of reading you know the what is it the wheel of time series so I have the first book I don't remember chapter two cuz I'm like 800 pages in. And so for someone to have to go through it, you can leverage an LLM to say, "Hey, here's all this source material, knowing what you know about me and my policies, knowing what's important to my constituents, please identify the seven things that I need to look at first in this bill to make sure I can form an opinion on whether or not this is written for my representatives." >> Super good. That's a great use for for AI right there. >> That was a noteaker. >> Oh, yeah. Oh, was it even better? >> Yeah. I thought three people be like, "Oh, >> there's one thing that's counterintuitive to all of this." >> And I'll I'll I'll end on this before we get into our meta part to today's show is because this is obviously this is something that you and I are super passionate about is because everything's gone AI and everything's gone virtual. Ever since the pandemic, people are craving more human contact. >> Absolutely. >> In-person events. You're a great example of this. like you have spent a tremendous amount of time on the road doing in-person stuff. It's like old school that can never be AIed out. I'm sorry. Face-to-face contact interaction with other humans in a physical space. There is there is no replacement for it. And we have a great client. We did actually a case study on this a couple shows back which I'll I'll leave in the show notes in the software space. Great business. And before the pandemic, they would do small sort of gettogethers for some of their like elite groups. They're doing their first major conference for not only their members, but also for new potential clients. It's a little bit less than a thousand people. And we had a strategy call with them this week is how we can help obviously, you know, get them to that number and sell the place out and make it as profitable as possible, which is hard to do with a physical event a lot of times. So >> you don't make money [clears throat] on the event longterm on these customers and uh retention. >> But my point to them was because this is the largest event ever. I was like you guys might not make money from this but what you will do is you will get tremendous amount of goodwill >> and you get retention and I know what the retention numbers are. They figured out a lot of great ways in which to retain their clients, you know, through software stickiness, through the backend like white labeling with GHL and all these other sorts of things. Super smart things, but this is one more thing to layer on it. And I said, the reason why if you ever gone to a concert recently, Jen bought tickets to Maroon 5 like three weeks ago. I don't even know how much they were. Like they were so freaking exp like everything is so freaking expensive. Not even Maroon 5 real. >> You haven't been to a Beyonce concert. Hold on. >> Oh my god. It's like insane insane expensive. >> You know, like we were going to go to like the Ford Nations hockey tournament last year. It was like $4,000 a seat. But anyway, it's like crazy stuff. But the point is is people are craving in-person events as a as a reaction to a lot of this AI and Zoom and all the things that we do every single day. So if you can incorporate an element of human contact into your business, however possible, that's a great play for you into the coming year because it differentiates you and it also plays alongside the efficiencies that you get from AI. >> Yeah. And people buy from people and it's so much easier to build trust. So much of your marketing and earned equity or earned media like what they're going to be doing on their brand equity uh you get from in person. Hermosi, we talked about this a lot of how he cashed in on this massive brand equity deal when he did his book launch. He had for two years leading up to that, hosted people every single week in his office where he was just bringing troves of future customers and they were building that brand equity because then you saw the people that were in the Zoom background. Those are individuals that had purchased private time with him and it was this whole uh you know ascension ladder into brand equity. So, I think it's a great play when you can have an in-person experience. The same as like just to end on like me visiting the capital. I now have in-person relationships with 13 different representatives from the state of Florida. All of which I'm like handwriting a letter and saying like, "Hey, if you ever want me to speak on this subject matter to your constituents, say less. just let me know when and where and I'll be there to continue the conversation so that their the people that elected them can also have the opportunity to hear how AI is an adoptable resource to amplify your own personal growth and output. So that's that's how I'm doing it now because I met them in person and I'm going to do a handwritten card and my call to action is like if you want me to continue this dialogue, put me in front of the small business owners in your district and then I'm going to have an in-person introduction from their elected official. Hey, here's Lauren, the founder of Mongoose Media, here to talk about how you can adopt AI into your business to grow and scale in 2026. I couldn't have had a better introduction pipeline for 2026. >> Thank you. >> So, to back to my last point, I mean, that's that's a tremendous example of the in-person effect and the networking that you can gain from it. We've always talked about sort of inerson events and how they're important now, but I think now more so than ever. So, great work on that. We're going to transition here to a little bit. We're only going to get into the first part of this. I have a feeling this is going to be a multi-part episode. >> I got to quiz you on something here. You don't know that this is this has turned into a quiz. [clears throat] >> I'm ready. >> The British Empire. We're aware of the Brit the British Empire, right? >> My family. Yeah. This the people I'm related to that murdered a lot of people. Yeah. Let's go. Yeah, they they sure did. Absolutely. We we broke free from them here in the United States. Uh watch The American Revolution by Ken Burns. Oh my god. It's like nine hours of like cure for insomnia. It's like it's [laughter] >> you. Okay. Yeah. Like my family got kicked out. They married an Irish woman and then Queen Victoria and Oliver were like, "Nope, you must leave." And that's how we end up in the space. Well, you know, the the big joke in our family is that my wife's family came over on the Mayflower because we're in like the Plymouth, like Sagar Beach area, and I came over because I was, you know, I basically left Ireland because of the potato famine and, you know, came here diseased and, you know, barely survived in uh Boston, of course, landed in Boston. What are the chances of an Irish guy landing in Boston anyway? Um, so anyway, so she's royalty and I'm just, you know, Irish scum. uh which my in-laws always sort of kid me about. So, British Empire, guess what percentage of the planet when the British Empire was at its zenith? What percentage? >> 42%. >> Don't Google it. >> I didn't. I'm the dome. >> They they cover 23% of the world's population. All right. Here's another one. Maybe a little bit farther back. >> Portugal. >> Probably here. No. The Roman Empire. The Roman Empire at its zenith ha had what percentage of the world's population under it? >> Well, that's hard because this side of the hemisphere didn't exist during the Roman Empire. >> That's true. It's harder to mention. I don't >> I'm going to say okay, I'll stick to my 41 42%. >> You're right. Actually, it's 40%. >> Yay. >> Very good. All right. Now, meta. >> Oh, no. >> Meta platform. >> Okay. of the percentage of humans on the planet, I'm not even talking about humans that have internet, the percentage of humans on the planet, what percentage of humans on the planet interact with a meta application on a daily basis? >> On a daily basis, >> yeah, >> humans on the planet. So, we can eliminate, you know, children under the age of seven and then Okay. And then we can I mean even in remote areas there's a lot of tribes that have access to phone internet and so it could be a shared device. I'm going to say 61%. >> 61. >> No 69 because that's a funnier number but I say 61. >> 61. All right. Well, you're a little bit high but you're actually accurate on the internet side because on the internet side somebody who has access to the internet it's actually closer to 70%. >> Okay. However, for humans on the planet, 43.75% of these, >> the same as the Roman Empire, >> the same as the Roman Empire, actually a little bit greater by percentage numbers. Yeah, slightly better 40% 43.5%. So, no platform or in the case of the British Empire and or the Roman Empire regime has had this kind of influence on people on a regular basis. Now obviously different we're talking about political you know we're talking about uh you know civilization which was very different obviously the the population was I don't even know what it was during the Roman Empire a lot less than it is today we've got eight or eight billion people on the planet right now the point is this is that we have got 3.5 billion people that are on this platform on a regular basis and there's about 8 billion people that live on this planet That is the influence of meta. No, Google. I would I'm still going to argue it's more though because you said interact and there are still people that are interacting with meta tools like people that are watching over someone's shoulder that's aware of Instagram that's having conversations about WhatsApp like there's children like I think of in LATAM like because WhatsApp is a meta owned device and that's their primary means of communication even though the child is not using WhatsApp their family is using it and they're interacting in some way shape or form so I I Maybe that's like directly connected from a user and then if you look at the smart tax that they're debating in Chicago right now like that's huge but wow that I mean when you think about it like the Roman Empire like Zuckerberg is the Julius Caesar of today's day and age Elon must hate that >> probably. Yeah. I mean depending on which search you use there's one that says it's 49% of all humans on the planet. So the point is this is that it's greater than the Roman Empire. But to your point, anyone with internet access is the reason remember was actually doing these like planes that were lowflying like gliders over Africa with internet on them. Do remember when that was happening? This was like five, six years ago. Like and that was like their play to expand their global >> pre- Starlink. This was so El just did it better. >> Yeah. Elon did it better. Obviously now pretty much everyone on the planet will can or quasi has access to the internet. But to your point, 73.7% >> Month. Okay. Now you have monthly active users. That's more impressive because while my mom lover, she's 81 years old, has Facebook, she's not using it as actively as I am in any way, shape, or form. So, um it would be so interesting then to see that even that differentiation by generation because Gen Alpha is actually like one of the not is it maybe it's um Gen Z is the smallest use of social media in comparison to other generations and millennials use it the most. So I I mean all that to say like there's just so much going into how we interact and use these different devices. I I'm I'm still shook by the fact that Roman Empire comparable numbers. I mean it's when you go to >> crazy >> percentages, right? Like that's when you talk about oh the Titanic was the biggest box office if you bring inflation into dollars. Like that's massive. >> Massive. Absolutely massive. And I think that's the reason why we're going to do this, you know, two or three part series on why Meta is the best ad platform on the planet just because if you have a product or service, your customer is on there. I don't I don't think you're selling B2B even like we've seen. We're like, yeah, I don't know, maybe we should try LinkedIn ads. And then we do LinkedIn ads versus Meta now, especially with creative diversification. We're like it crushes it over at Meta just because like the platform is so good that the reach is so broad. So this is just sort of the first step. I mean it's it's an incredible amount of even if you you can Google this, you can look it up, throw it into chat GPT and check our math on this. The point is is if it's 73 or 71% or it's 40 or 44%. Doesn't really matter. It's still like larger than the Roman Empire. >> Okay. I wanted to pull up one thing because I remember like Saudi Arabia because we would have clients are like, "Hey, we want to expand in the Middle East. We have European clients." And >> let's there's no Facebook in in China, >> VPN. You know what? >> I mean, you could, I suppose. >> No, you definitely you can use VPNs, but you're right. There's still like political ram like restrictions on this. But like one thing like I remember when we were looking at expanding into the Middle East, Saudi Arabia had like 97% of their population is on the internet and I just from the AI overview is that WhatsApp usage from the Saudi Arabian population is 83% with 72% of their population on Instagram. >> That's incredible. That's unbelievable. I mean, the goal of Meta and and Zuckerberg's vision, whether you like him or don't like him, he is an absolute visionary. And there was a point, I think, during the iOS 14 update, which we're going to talk about in this whole thing. And the point is this. It's like, if you're not on meta, if you don't believe in what meta is doing, you're missing out on basically 72% of the world in a in a very large way. And we're not even including like the kind like there's no there's no meta in Russia. There's no meta in China. So, let's take those populations even out. So, it's like it's pretty much whoever you want to reach, especially in those countries like Saudi Arabia, like I know, you know, United Arab Emirates probably the same percentage as Saudi Arabia if not higher. Talk about like when I was in like Thailand, Vietnam two years ago. Internet like they're so far advanced where we're at right now as far as speed, especially at that point in time. The point is this is like if you want to get to your client or customer or grow a business, Meta is the place to do it because that's where the eyeballs are. And with the Meta Andromeda update and creative diversification, it makes it even better and easier and less difficult. Now, we're finding that media buyers are like, "Wow, I can actually set this thing up with creative diversification and let Meta do the work even with open targeting, like with zero targeting whatsoever. Maybe some age related targeting to a certain degree, but even that like Meta figures it out over time. And this has been building ever since really since 2004 plus. I mean, that's really when it all kind of started. I mean, if you look back on, you know, the Facebook, which really did start in 20 >> Oh, yeah. The Facebook that was in the movie. >> Facebook that was in the movie. Uh, and I've read a lot about that movie, like the social network. It overly dramatized, dramaticized, I never know what that word is. the sort of the Winklvoss twins and Zuckerberg and like there were so many college campuses that actually had sort of their own social networks and it wasn't really a novel idea but basically the story behind the story is that Facebook actually started as a college campus social network on the Harvard campus here in Cambridge just down the street from where I live. The point is this is that and then it expanded outward. Now, a lot of the Ivy Leagues actually had their own individual networks. And so, this was not a novel thing, but what Zuckerberg did is he added all these individual cool features, some of which actually got him in real trouble um with I think it was was it Larry Summers? I think it was the the president of Harvard at the time. The point is this is that the that sort of intellectual property that fight that makes a whole movie is a little bit overblown, but still it's it's a great movie. If you've watched, >> it's Hollywood. That happens all the time. >> of course it is. >> So, the point is this is that this is the this is a platform I think that you need to be on in 2026 and you need to master it whether or not you do it internally, you know, with your own team for a VP of marketing or a director of marketing or whether you hire out for an agency because this is the place where everything is going right now. We've geared our entire business towards this and everything else is sort of secondary at this point. We're having clients come to us and say, "Hey, I want Google ads." And so we start Google ads. We're like, "You know what you really need is you actually really need meta." And then all of a sudden the shift goes from 80% on Google to 80% on meta like over the course of a few months. And all of a sudden results are where they need to be. You know, hey, I was looking for a 3.8 blended myrr. I never ever got it on Google. I was always at like 1.2. And now with the difference in blend and creative diversification, everything that's going on now with the Andromeda update, like you've been able to sort of we've been able to reverse a lot of these trends and getting off like this the standard sort of platforms and looking at Meta as the discovery platform. I know you've sort of felt the same over at Mongoose. >> For sure. I mean, it's the opportunity to cost effectively get in front of your intended audience. you have the ability to um expand at scale with your creatives and with Andromeda and then the gem update especially of with the organic side in 2026 small business owners medium business owners especially are going to be able to capitalize on all of their organic content they've been doing for years like for 2026 for me at least I believe that because of the gem update where it's just essentially saying it doesn't matter if it's a paid ad or organic post all of your content matters into building up a better delivery service for your end customer end user. So I think a lot of people who have invested in the organic side will start to see that if you do invest in meta and you um take advantage of the opportunities you now get to not have an organic side and a paid side like you have these combined together for the intended output you want when you're investing into Meta as a platform. So like again it's like it's looking at meta like you and I talk about the paid ads so much of this but now with organic now with conversational marketing from messenger IG direct or you have like WhatsApp like all of this is finally coming together in culmination where brands that have been investing organically for years posting on social to crickets are now going to see an impact to their paid ad strategy because of their content organic and that all tends to because of AI's involvement. where it's going to start pulling and extracting from your website, from your organic social media content to create the ads that will likely lead to a higher probability of a purchase. >> Yeah. And it's because they've got more data than well with maybe with the exception of Google. I don't know who has more data. That's really sort of the question. >> It's all the same amount of D there's like who has more. It's at this point it's infantismal. Infant whatever that word is. >> Infinitesimal. Oh, yeah. Sure. >> It's infinite. We'll just go with infinite. >> So, I just want to end here like on our first part here on some of the mindblowing like growth numbers for Meta for the last few years. Uh because they just came out with their quarterly earnings just a few weeks back. their market capitalization which is which was over two trillion two trillion market cap which is basically share price >> divi multiplied by shares outstanding 1.93 trillion Nvidia is not too far behind I mean Meta is just an incredible growth machine like I said we've got 3.9 four almost 4 billion monthly active users. We've got 4 3.4 daily active users. Like, think about that percentage right there. We were just sort of quibbling over like monthly versus daily. Monthly and daily is almost the same. They've got so much engagement. And this goes back to Zuckerberg and his just uh maniacal and in a good way devotion to I need to connect the world's the the people on this planet. I need a way to connect people and the only way to do that is through engagement and we're going to get into that through this series and to show how they sort of did this sort of one step at a time and it wasn't all at once. So sort of little improvements and a lot of you know stealing slashbaring from other platforms which I'm sure we'll have some pretty >> orations or acquisition >> acquisitions that came into play but yeah it's this incremental growth towards their world domination of your time and attention >> annual revenue fiscal year 2024 164 billion ad revenue 160 billion by the way >> that's it's just an ad platform all >> what what's the other four billion or like was it a few billion dollars from is like what quest sales uh >> sales probably >> like >> yeah they don't sell data by the way everyone Cambridge Analytica came out and they said oh meta you know Congress actually said Senate said oh meta sells the data they don't sell data that we use the data that they collect to make the advertising that much better that's what they do they don't sell data so it's a advert advertising company first, which I don't think Zuckerberg ever really thought it was going to be that way. >> But that's was it like 97 98% of their entire revenue came directly from ads. So every small business owner that donated to the fund to the cause, they're like, "Thank you. >> We we donate 107 million a year to it." It's like it's crazy to think like and we're just 11, >> but it's small. Like I >> the numbers drop in the >> Yeah. A drop in the buck. remember like being in Silicon Valley like on campus being told if you're spending less than $200,000 a month you are considered small for meta. >> Yeah, it's true. It's absolutely true. Like I mean that's why they've geared a lot of their focus towards agencies. There's a lot of stuff that they do for agencies because they they realized unlike Google they realized all right we can get to like a lot of advertisers all at once by going through agencies. It's a really smart move. like I always thought that was a smart move as advantageous for us as an agency of course. Um, but one last number here. I remember a buddy of mine who runs a hedge fund um out in California and he always say whenever there was bad news from from Meta coming out, like I remember early 2022 when after the iOS 14 update hit and their stock just cratered and it went down and down and down all the way through like October of 2022, he's like, "Meta is done, dude. Like, your business model is done." I'm like, "I don't know." Since that point in time, Meta Stock has actually increased five over 500%. Nearing 600% since it's >> Well, interesting if we do every year like an annual wrap up of like how much did they make from Ant? What is their current stock price? Again, we're not financial advice. It's not financial advice in any way, shape, or form, but it's like the platforms, if you're listening to this, the platforms we use like like we bought Shopify at the very beginning and then it like just sky like the tools that you're using as like a small thing. Like are you using it? Are you continuing to use it more? Do you see more adoptability? This is not financial advice in any way, shape, or form. But when I've looked at what's in my portfolio, um I'm always going to be like, yeah, if I'm using the tool anyways, I'm like, I'm just going to invest not in the software price alone, but >> I'm vested interest in their success when I like Yeah, like I I have a Shopify store, so I have Shopify stock. like that type of situation because I it's the tools that I'm using and when I stop using a tool I be like okay then this is again I I I am not in this space in any way shape or form. Um but >> when I'm using something it's like the kids that like they pick the song like oh I love this game it's like okay well this was made by Rocket Games or whatever. So that type of situation like the Kruella Deville style where they had kids testing games because they had the biggest insight. I'll just share back which tools I'm using and if I enjoy using them. >> Yeah. I mean if I see a tool that makes sense like Shopify for example, Meta of course, Atlassian which is another one that we use. Like there is just there's a lot of them that Stripe for example, there's like a private equity deal going right now with Stripe. I got like all of these tools. I'm like wow these are really gamechanging companies. So yes, you can for sure make money off it through your own individual investments. I choose to actually leverage these tools primarily for the growth of the business which is the largest investment that I have right now. Uh last number for you here total revenue 42 billion 42 billion and that's a 16% year-over-year growth but their earnings grew by 37%. This is after >> 37%. >> But that's all because they got rid of the whole um like Quest while they're doing the meta real estate. >> They did. They did. They definitely reduced a lot of that infrastructure, but they have been pouring into capital expenditures, too. Like, let's not forget the 72 billion they spent this year alone, probably even more now on AI infrastructure, and they're going to be spending 115 billion in 2027. So, there's a lot of capital capex that's going into all this. Does that affect earnings? I'm not a financial analyst. The point is this is like the thing is growing and it covers 70 some odd percent of the planet. It's the place to be in 2026. We're going to continue with this conversation on our next show. And of course, wherever you listen to podcast, make sure that you leave us a rating and review. We really do appreciate that. It gets us out to a larger audience and teaches people how to do this stuff the right way. We really feel very strongly about how we feel about Meta right now. It's not because we're shareholders. We are not giving financial advice. We're doing it because we're seeing its effect on businesses and helping business scale and grow and ultimately achieve their vision uh through metrics that matter and growth that scale. So that is what this whole thing is about. So on behalf of my amazing globe trotting senate house capital trotting co-host Lauren Erulo till next show. See you.

  Top Comments:
  1. @jefersonblancosampaio9185: Guys, I leved your podcast! if you allow me I d like to make thisresume here, because it helps even more to understand the content, specially being Brazilian, but if you do not Agree I will totally stop posting it here.
  2. @jefersonblancosampaio9185: 01/04/2026 – Perpetual Traffic Podcast Summary

- Meta is the place to do it because that’s where the eyeballs are.
- 73.7% of people on the planet with internet access use Meta monthly.
- 43.75% of all humans interact with a Meta application daily.
- Zuckerberg is the Julius Caesar of the modern era.
- No platform has ever had this level of regular influence over people.

- People are afraid of job loss, employee replacement, rising small business costs, and a lack of education around AI.
- AI is an opportunity, not a threat. You still need a human in the middle of the process.
- We’ve never hired more people than we have since AI. We hire more, and we hire more locally.
- AI is a growth amplifier and a great equalizer.

- Use cases beat policy discussions. People are not just using AI for recipes or vacation planning.
- Upload a job description, talk to ChatGPT for 30 minutes, and build a resume that shows you as a person, not a commodity.
- Some jobs will disappear, just like telephone switchboard operators did, but this is a reshuffling, not an extinction.

- Meta AI glasses can turn one plumber into two, and one supervisor can manage two or three jobs at the same time.
- People are craving more human connection. In-person events cannot be replaced by AI.
- People buy from people. Trust is easier to build face to face.

- Meta outperforms LinkedIn in many cases because its reach is so broad.
- The Andromeda update and creative diversification make performance even stronger with open targeting.
- It doesn’t matter if content is paid or organic. Everything you publish contributes to better delivery.

- Meta is fundamentally an advertising company. 97–98% of its revenue comes from ads.
- Fiscal year 2024 revenue was $164B, with $160B from advertising.
- Meta has nearly 4B monthly active users and 3.4B daily active users.
- Meta stock is up more than 500% since the October 2022 lows, and the company is heavily investing capex into AI infrastructure.

How to Apply Meta and AI to Grow in 2026

- Adopt AI tools to become more productive instead of resisting where the market is heading.
- Use an LLM to summarize large documents, identify the seven most important points, and form opinions faster.
- Use Meta with creative diversification and open targeting. Let Meta handle distribution and iterate creatives at scale.
- Combine organic and paid strategies. Treat every post as delivery input, not as content that “dies” with no engagement.
- Use Meta AI glasses or similar human-in-the-loop workflows to train apprentices and scale expertise across jobs.
- Add in-person elements to your business to build goodwill, retention, and long-term brand equity through real human interaction.

If this summary helped you, comment: “Meta is the game of 2026.”
  3. @goldenlifeboat8459: you guys are right on the AI thing.   Winners are going to be the early and often users, losers are the recipes and never users.   Its going to be sad to see.   On another note I replaced my klaviyo and replo guys with Comet!   And I do all my cac/ncac, ltv:cac ratio, aMER, etc etc calculations with Perplexity labs.   Not everyone can do that, and most founders won't, but it's all possible if a small business owner wants it.

- Ma stratégie Facebook Ads ecom complète (post-Andromeda 2026): Kind: captions Language: fr Hello tout le monde, j'espère que vous allez bien.&nbsp; Aujourd'hui, on se retrouve du coup pour une vidéo&nbsp;&nbsp; où je vais euh vous présenter toute ma stratégie&nbsp; Facebook. Donc je vais vous donner ma stratégie&nbsp;&nbsp; complète. Donc je vais tout vous donner de A à&nbsp; Z. Euh donc si jamais vous avez des questions&nbsp;&nbsp; et cetera, vous hésiterez pas à laisser des&nbsp; commentaires et cetera sous la vidéo. Euh donc&nbsp;&nbsp; voilà, j'ai demandé du coup à Claude Code là de me&nbsp; faire des slides justement par rapport à toute ma&nbsp;&nbsp; strate et cetera. Donc on va découvrir ça ensemble&nbsp; et je vais vous présenter un petit peu tout ça,&nbsp;&nbsp; ma mentalité et euh voilà, vous saurez tout de à&nbsp; Z. Euh donc comment je pense Facebook qui change&nbsp;&nbsp; et les principes qui vont faire vraiment la&nbsp; différence en sachant du coup il y a eu le&nbsp;&nbsp; l'update Andromeda du coup il y a quelques mois&nbsp; et il y a pas mal de choses qui ont changé. Euh&nbsp;&nbsp; donc l'offre et le marketing d'abord donc je&nbsp; vois beaucoup de personnes qui euh essayent&nbsp;&nbsp; à chaque fois de trouver la strate parfaite sur&nbsp; Facebook qui essaie de trouver le petit truc qui&nbsp;&nbsp; va faire euh qui vont réussir en fait enfin qui&nbsp; il qui pensent qu'en fait juste en changeant la&nbsp;&nbsp; strate et cetera, le produit va prendre. Euh&nbsp; retenez toujours que l'offre et le marketing,&nbsp;&nbsp; c'est toujours le truc le plus important. Euh donc&nbsp; évidemment les A et cetera, c'est important, mais&nbsp;&nbsp; l'offre et le marketing, ça allit avant tout. Si&nbsp; vous avez pas une bonne offre ou un bon marketing,&nbsp;&nbsp; vous pourrez essayer tout ce que vous voulez sur&nbsp; Facebook Ad, ça prendra pas. Donc première chose,&nbsp;&nbsp; l'offre. Euh donc un bon bundle, un bon prix, une&nbsp; proposition de valeur claire, le site, une page&nbsp;&nbsp; produit convaincante, de la trust, une expérience&nbsp; fluide. Euh je vois beaucoup de personnes qui&nbsp;&nbsp; mettent euh qui créent de la friction en fait&nbsp; euh directement sur un testing. Donc faut jamais&nbsp;&nbsp; mettre de friction. Quand je dis friction, c'est&nbsp; par exemple mettre des obstelles dans le carte,&nbsp;&nbsp; euh mettre par exemple des bundles euh qui sont&nbsp; pas du tout logiques et qui sont même risqués.&nbsp;&nbsp; En fait, faut essayer vraiment de minimiser&nbsp; les risques au maximum et et d'avoir le moins&nbsp;&nbsp; de friction possible. Voilà, ne pas mettre de&nbsp; pop-up, rien du tout au début sur un testing,&nbsp;&nbsp; être sûr vraiment qu'il y a rien qui va bloquer&nbsp; l'expérience du client et évidemment un bon&nbsp;&nbsp; marketing, donc avoir un bon copywriting, des&nbsp; bons voilà mettre en place vraiment euh voilà&nbsp;&nbsp; mettre des bons bénéfices en place, que ce soit&nbsp; sur les bet dans la description, avoir également&nbsp;&nbsp; une bonne promesse, c'est super important. Donc&nbsp; voilà, avoir une bonne page produit, ça j'en vois&nbsp;&nbsp; beaucoup qui pensent avoir une bonne page produit&nbsp; ou un bon marketing et en fait c'est juste éclaté.&nbsp;&nbsp; Euh et ça c'est le problème de beaucoup de&nbsp; personnes qui débutent et même un peu avancé. Euh&nbsp;&nbsp; beaucoup pensent qu'ils sont bons en marketing,&nbsp; mais en fait c'est quelque chose évidemment qui&nbsp;&nbsp; est très compliqué et il faut vraiment aller&nbsp; au bout et pas juste se contenter de parler à&nbsp;&nbsp; Claude ou au Zia et de juste faire un simple&nbsp; copiercollé. Faut aussi penser par soi-même,&nbsp;&nbsp; remettre en question les choses et vraiment&nbsp; essayer de dire euh euh les choses, on va dire,&nbsp;&nbsp; les plus impactantes possibles. Si je devrais&nbsp; résumer ça au niveau du marketing, ça serait&nbsp;&nbsp; essayer de dire les choses les plus impactantes&nbsp; euh et le le dire le plus simplement et le plus&nbsp;&nbsp; court possible. Euh vraiment, faut pas faire des&nbsp; pavés, faut pas faire voilà, faut vraiment aller&nbsp;&nbsp; à l'essentiel. Euh comme je l'ai mis en bas,&nbsp; le meilleur média builleur du monde ne sauvera&nbsp;&nbsp; pas une mauvaise offre. Ensuite, le profit,&nbsp; donc le pourcentage de profit est meilleur,&nbsp;&nbsp; enfin est plus important que le ROS. En fait, je&nbsp; vois beaucoup de personnes qui sont en mode "Ah,&nbsp;&nbsp; j'ai tant de ROS et cetera mais en fait on s'en&nbsp; fout." Le truc important à la fin, c'est combien&nbsp;&nbsp; tu fais de pourcentage de profit ? Est-ce que&nbsp; tu es rentable à 10 %, 15 %, 20 % ? Il y a des&nbsp;&nbsp; personnes qui font 4 de ROS, c'est impressionnant.&nbsp; Moi-même, j'ai déjà publié des screens sur Twitter&nbsp;&nbsp; de 42 ROS, mais mon client, il reste dans les&nbsp; mêmes tranches de profit que ceux qui sont à 2&nbsp;&nbsp; de ROS. C'est juste que l'équation est différente&nbsp; parce que bah tout simplement, c'est pas les mêmes&nbsp;&nbsp; coques, c'est pas le même prix de vente, tout est&nbsp; différent et c'est pas les mêmes coups non plus,&nbsp;&nbsp; tout change. Et du coup, c'est pour ça qu'il faut&nbsp; vraiment regarder uniquement le pourcentage de&nbsp;&nbsp; profit. Il faut vraiment le traquer jour par&nbsp; jour. C'est super important. Si vous savez pas&nbsp;&nbsp; combien vous faites de pourcentage de profit, vous&nbsp; savez pas en fait à quel point vous êtes rentable,&nbsp;&nbsp; ce que vous pouvez faire, est-ce qu'il faut&nbsp; quel est-ce qu'il faut pas Scel ? Donc c'est&nbsp;&nbsp; super important. Donc ici là, je vous ai mis ici&nbsp; la formule. Donc revenu moins cogs moins spen.&nbsp;&nbsp; Moi évidemment j'ai pas mis mais si vous payez&nbsp; de la TVA, mettez la TVA. Faut dans les cox faut&nbsp;&nbsp; évidemment aussi compter justement les les frais&nbsp; de proc de processeur de paiement et cetera. Faut&nbsp;&nbsp; tout mettre de à Z. Euh là c'est juste pour&nbsp; imager. Euh d'ailleurs, c'est même pas moi qui&nbsp;&nbsp; l'ai fait, c'est c'est mon cloud code. Du coup,&nbsp; je lui ai demandé de faire toutes ces slides. Euh&nbsp;&nbsp; et toutes les vidéos que vous verrez de moi du&nbsp; coup sur YouTube, je vais en poster pas mal. Les&nbsp;&nbsp; slides, je les fais toujours du coup par Claude.&nbsp; Hésitez pas à me dire euh ce que vous en pensez&nbsp;&nbsp; et si c'est assez clair parce que ça se trouve&nbsp; c'est pas assez clair ou peut-être c'est un peu&nbsp;&nbsp; le bordel. Euh ROS sans les marges égal Mirage.&nbsp; Tout le monde parle de ROS mais sans les coûts,&nbsp;&nbsp; ça veut rien dire. Donc c'est ce que je vous ai&nbsp; dit. M le MER c'est plus important que le ROS MTA.&nbsp;&nbsp; revenu total divisé par le spen total de pas&nbsp; faire confiance à MTA qui est surattribue MTA&nbsp;&nbsp; des fois surtout quand vous avez plusieurs canaux&nbsp; quand vous scalez va vous dire un certain ROS mais&nbsp;&nbsp; ce ROS là est faux et en fait bah c'est super&nbsp; important du coup d'avoir des solutions comme&nbsp;&nbsp; par exemple Triple W qui va vous permettre de&nbsp; voir justement les attributions et de voir en&nbsp;&nbsp; fait si réellement vous êtes rentable ou pas.&nbsp; Et c'est pour ça il faut toujours garder le MER&nbsp;&nbsp; parce que si votre AOS MTA indique que vous êtes&nbsp; rentable et qu'en réalité vous êtes pas rentable&nbsp;&nbsp; juste en regardant les M sans triple whale euh et&nbsp; ben juste voilà vous prenez votre revenu total,&nbsp;&nbsp; vous le divisez par le par le spen total de toutes&nbsp; les plateformes et est-ce que vous êtes rentable&nbsp;&nbsp; oui ou non ? Et si vous êtes pas rentable là, il&nbsp; y a un problème. Ne jamais se caler sans connaître&nbsp;&nbsp; ses vrais coups. Les cogs, shipping, f plateforme&nbsp; 1000 € par jour à AOS de 2.5 c'est mieux que 50&nbsp;&nbsp; € à ROS de 5. Voilà, je vois des gens, ils&nbsp; sont en mode "Ah, j'ai un ROS de 5 et tout,&nbsp;&nbsp; j'ai pas envie de baisser." Donc en fait, je&nbsp; maintiens le spen à 50 € par jour. Bon, ça peut&nbsp;&nbsp; être sur des niveaux plus élevés mais faut pas&nbsp; avoir peur de scale. Même si le ROSBS, c'est pas&nbsp;&nbsp; grave parce qu'en fait l'équation derrière c'est&nbsp; combien tu vas faire de bénéfic tout simplement.&nbsp;&nbsp; Et même si le pourcentage baisse et cetera, si&nbsp; euh oui, suspenses plus, ton R est moins élevé,&nbsp;&nbsp; bah au lieu de gagner 1000, oui, par rapport&nbsp; à la proportion du chiffre d'affair, tu vas&nbsp;&nbsp; faire moins. Mais quand tu regardes&nbsp; le bénéfice, tu vas pas faire 1000,&nbsp;&nbsp; tu vas peut-être faire 10000 en fait. Euh&nbsp; donc le volume compte euh le volume compte,&nbsp;&nbsp; c'est le profit en euros, pas le ratio. Ouais,&nbsp; j'ai pas compris ce qu'il a écrit mais c'est&nbsp;&nbsp; pas grave. Je vous ai bien expliqué juste&nbsp; avant. La patience comme avantage compétitif.&nbsp;&nbsp; Euh donc faut jamais couper un pendant un enfin&nbsp; faut pas faire un testing d'un jour et couper&nbsp;&nbsp; directement ou faire un testing de 3 jours et&nbsp; couper directement. Faut vraiment déjà si vous&nbsp;&nbsp; lancez un truc c'est que vous êtes sûr. Si vous&nbsp; êtes pas sûr de ce que vous lancez, le lancez pas.&nbsp;&nbsp; En fait euh vous devez être le premier convaincu.&nbsp; Si vous êtes pas convaincu de ce que vous faites,&nbsp;&nbsp; arrêtez ce que vous faites et essayez de prendre&nbsp; confiance en vous. C'est faire les bons choix&nbsp;&nbsp; aussi. Sélectionner le bon produit avec lequel&nbsp; vous êtes en en confiance. Vous avez la vision.&nbsp;&nbsp; Euh vraiment c'est super important. Si vous&nbsp; lancez un truc que ça vous plaît pas du tout,&nbsp;&nbsp; que vous avez pas la vision, vous pensez&nbsp; même que ça va échouer, le lancez pas euh&nbsp;&nbsp; parce que du coup vous allez prendre les mauvaises&nbsp; décisions. Et du coup voilà, un jour de testing,&nbsp;&nbsp; faut jamais décider. 3 jours vous pouvez commencer&nbsp; à voir euh mais c'est pas là où vous allez cut&nbsp;&nbsp; forcément. C'est là où vous pouvez commencer&nbsp; à ce qu'elle évidemment si vous êtes rentable.&nbsp;&nbsp; et toujours une base de 7 jours pour décider.&nbsp; C'est ce que je vous recommande. C'est vraiment&nbsp;&nbsp; pour moi la base et je regarde toujours sur ça.&nbsp; Évidemment, si vous faites vraiment pas du tout&nbsp;&nbsp; de vente au bout de 3 jours, là c'est qu'il y&nbsp; a vraiment un vrai problème et du coup ça sert&nbsp;&nbsp; à rien de continuer à run et il faut regarder en&nbsp; fait ce qui va pas. Il y a forcément un truc qui&nbsp;&nbsp; va pas quelque part. Et voilà, j'ai mis 30 jours&nbsp; tuer ou garder. Voilà, quand vous faites un truc&nbsp;&nbsp; propre, c'est bien de laisser tourner 30 jours et&nbsp; de faire plein test. Évidemment, faut pas laisser&nbsp;&nbsp; tourner bêtement mais euh voilà, laisser tourner&nbsp; 30 jours, c'est mieux. Si vous débutez, laissez&nbsp;&nbsp; tourner entre 3 et 7 jours. C'est vraiment ce que&nbsp; je vous recommande. Allez pas forcément run plus&nbsp;&nbsp; de temps parce que vous allez, vu que vous manquez&nbsp; quand même d'expérience, peut-être que vous allez&nbsp;&nbsp; laisser tourner pour rien et que vous comprenez&nbsp; pas forcément ce qui va ou ce qui va pas et du&nbsp;&nbsp; coup vous arriverez pas en fait à faire devenir&nbsp; le truc rentable. Et du coup quand vous débutez,&nbsp;&nbsp; c'est bien aussi d'avoir un petit peu de volume et&nbsp; de lancer quand même des produits différents parce&nbsp;&nbsp; qu'il y en a certains qui vont peut-être prendre&nbsp; un peu mieux que d'autres. surtout en fait c'est&nbsp;&nbsp; ça le truc, c'est que quand vous débutez euh&nbsp; bah vous avez pas les compétences et du coup&nbsp;&nbsp; vous êtes un peu obligé de jouer un peu au casino&nbsp; au début et c'est normal. Quand je l'ai mis, la&nbsp;&nbsp; majorité des gens coupent trop tôt. C'est la pire&nbsp; erreur. Euh de la BO à la CBIO. Donc avant moi ce&nbsp;&nbsp; que je faisais c'est que je faisais de la BO. Donc&nbsp; c'est ABO c'est quoi ? cette campagne manuelle où&nbsp;&nbsp; en fait vous allez mettre le budget au niveau des&nbsp; ads à l'intérieur de la campagne. Alors que la CBO&nbsp;&nbsp; c'est vous avez un adset où tout simplement vous&nbsp; mettez le budget sur la CBO et Meta va distribue&nbsp;&nbsp; automatiquement ça automatiquement le budget selon&nbsp; les adsets, donc selon en fait les performances et&nbsp;&nbsp; cetera de vos vos créatifs automatiquement. Donc&nbsp; vous avez pas à définir de budget, vous mettez&nbsp;&nbsp; 1000 et lui il il s'occupe d'attribuer les 1000&nbsp; sur ce qui fonctionne le mieux. Donc abo, avant&nbsp;&nbsp; je mettais un budget fixe par adset, je contrôlais&nbsp; vraiment tout, toute la distribution et à l'époque&nbsp;&nbsp; ça marchait très très bien. C'est quelque chose&nbsp; qui fonctionne toujours, mais maintenant c'est&nbsp;&nbsp; pas optimal. Maintenant ce que je vous recommande,&nbsp; c'est la CBO. Euh la CBO du coup c'est euh voilà,&nbsp;&nbsp; vous mettez le budget sur la campagne et MTA&nbsp; optimise tout pour vous. C'est beaucoup plus&nbsp;&nbsp; stable et beaucoup plus efficace depuis du coup&nbsp; la nouvelle mise à jour Andromeda. En fait, il y&nbsp;&nbsp; a pas mal de choses qui ont changé et notamment&nbsp; l'algorithme est devenu surpuissant. Donc la CBO&nbsp;&nbsp; déjà ça fonctionnait bien avant mais maintenant&nbsp; c'est vraiment ce qui fonctionne le mieux et en&nbsp;&nbsp; plus vous avez très peu de travail manuel à faire.&nbsp; Euh vous avez voilà c'est tout full automatique.&nbsp;&nbsp; Il y a quelques petits trucs à faire évidemment&nbsp; mais voilà comme j'ai mis moins de travail les&nbsp;&nbsp; duplications marchent plus parce queavant on&nbsp; dupliquait les trucs dans tous les sens et cetera,&nbsp;&nbsp; les top créa. Maintenant voilà c'est quelque chose&nbsp; maintenant qui aujourd'hui ne marche plus du tout.&nbsp;&nbsp; Évidemment, il y a des exceptions, il y a des gens&nbsp; pour qui ça fonctionne, mais de manière générale,&nbsp;&nbsp; c'est un truc qui ne qui fonctionne moins bien&nbsp; que en fait si tu laissais juste dans la CBO et&nbsp;&nbsp; que tu augmentais de la CBO euh de budget. Donc&nbsp; voilà, comme je le disais, j'étais le premier à&nbsp;&nbsp; défendre la BO et bah j'ai changé d'avis. Du&nbsp; coup, maintenant je suis full CBO sur tous&nbsp;&nbsp; mes adunt aujourd'hui. Du coup, euh le score&nbsp; de similarité, c'est quelque chose de super&nbsp;&nbsp; important à comprendre. Facebook ne dépense pas&nbsp; sur des créatifs trop similaires. Euh donc voilà,&nbsp;&nbsp; si vous faites des créatifs trop similaires, il va&nbsp; pas se peine du tout en fait. depuis Andromeda et&nbsp;&nbsp; depuis là les derniers mois, j'ai vu vraiment&nbsp; un Switch où vraiment Meta ne va plus du tout&nbsp;&nbsp; dépenser dessus. Il va dépenser évidemment juste&nbsp; sur la meilleure et toutes les autres, il va pas&nbsp;&nbsp; dépenser dessus. Euh c'est même une bonne chose&nbsp; en réalité, ça vous évite de perdre de l'argent.&nbsp;&nbsp; Euh voilà, pas juste changer le hook,&nbsp; faire des vrais changements. Donc là,&nbsp;&nbsp; je vous ai mis du coup là les petits schémas donc&nbsp; trop similaire. Donc c'est même vidéo et juste le&nbsp;&nbsp; hook change. Donc ça Facebook va dépenser que sur&nbsp; une seule, donc sur la meilleure. Donc risquer si&nbsp;&nbsp; vous éditez en vidéo 30 % acteurs différents.&nbsp; Voilà, une peut tirer l'autre vers le bas. Si&nbsp;&nbsp; vraiment c'est le même script, le même truc, même&nbsp; si c'est une autre personne qui change et que ça&nbsp;&nbsp; change pas drassiquement. Voilà, c'est risqué. Des&nbsp; fois ça peut passer, des fois ça va pas passer. Je&nbsp;&nbsp; vous conseille vraiment d'hésiter beaucoup plus.&nbsp; Et le truc optimal, c'est vraiment d'avoir des&nbsp;&nbsp; créatives vraiment assez différentes. Donc changer&nbsp; le concept, l'angle et le format. Et vraiment MTA&nbsp;&nbsp; va les traiter comme des créatures vraiment&nbsp; distinctes. Et c'est ça qui va faire que vous&nbsp;&nbsp; allez réussir vraiment à scale parce qu'en fait si&nbsp; vous faites toujours les mêmes formats et cetera,&nbsp;&nbsp; ça ne va pas prendre de semaines dans votre CBO&nbsp; parce que c'est tout simplement trop similaire.&nbsp;&nbsp; Et ça, il y a des gens qui ont encore du mal à le&nbsp; comprendre alors que même il y a plein de gens qui&nbsp;&nbsp; qui en parlent et cetera. Et ça c'est un truc qui&nbsp; est réel. Il faut vraiment faire attention à ça.&nbsp;&nbsp; Moi-même, c'est un truc que je fais encore comme&nbsp; eror de temps en temps sur ma braine parce que&nbsp;&nbsp; j'itère toujours et c'est important d'itérer mais&nbsp; j' peut-être même un petit peu trop. Ce qui fait&nbsp;&nbsp; qu'il y a beaucoup de créativ au final où il y a&nbsp; eu du temps passé et ça a servi à rien. Subtilité.&nbsp;&nbsp; Si la nouvelle version est meilleure, elle peut&nbsp; prendre le dessus et remplacer l'ancienne. Mais&nbsp;&nbsp; ça n'ajoute pas forcément de spen global. Euh mais&nbsp; ça peut être mieux évidemment, ça vous rajoute&nbsp;&nbsp; du ROS. Mais du coup l'équation derrière, c'est&nbsp; pour ça il faut toujours itérer mais faut itérer&nbsp;&nbsp; beaucoup moins qu'avant euh le système de point&nbsp; de touche. Donc ce qu'il faut comprendre c'est&nbsp;&nbsp; que Facebook va montrer plusieurs créatives euh&nbsp; à un prospect en fait avant qu'il achète. Chaque&nbsp;&nbsp; créative a son rôle. Donc en fait vous avez des&nbsp; créatives qui seront plus pour le trafic froid,&nbsp;&nbsp; des créatives plus pour trafic chaud qui seront&nbsp; en retargeting et cetera. Euh donc là comme j'ai&nbsp;&nbsp; mis prospect froid, découvre ta marque pour la&nbsp; première fois. Donc en fait, il y a certaines&nbsp;&nbsp; créas qui vont vraiment fonctionner sur ce genre&nbsp; de personne et qui vont l'emmener en fait dans&nbsp;&nbsp; l'entire. Après, vous avez les prospected&nbsp; donc il a déjà vu une créative, il commence&nbsp;&nbsp; à s'intéresser et là c'est là où il y a d'autres&nbsp; créatives qui vont jouer un rôle en fait dans la&nbsp;&nbsp; conversion et qui en fait il y a des il y a des&nbsp; créatives qui vont pas forcément convertir mais&nbsp;&nbsp; qui vont permettre justement d'attirer les gens&nbsp; dans le tunnel et qui vont permettre ensuite de&nbsp;&nbsp; les convertir grâce aux autres créatives qui vont&nbsp; pas forcément scal à fond. Et c'est pour ça des&nbsp;&nbsp; fois il y a des créatifs que Facebook ne va pas&nbsp; push. Il va dépenser un certain budget dessus mais&nbsp;&nbsp; il va pas dépenser plus que ça. Même si le le ROS&nbsp; est bon parce que c'est plus des créatifs qui vont&nbsp;&nbsp; agir euh à d'autres moments en fait euh à d'autres&nbsp; moments en fait dans le parcours acheteur. Et euh&nbsp;&nbsp; du coup c'est important de laisser tous ces&nbsp; trucs-là et vous allez pas forcément pouvoir&nbsp;&nbsp; scal sur ces créatives là. Et plus vous allez&nbsp; en fait dans tous les cas votre campagne, plus&nbsp;&nbsp; vos créatives justement qui vont attirer les gens&nbsp; froids va dépenser et plus du coup euh toutes vos&nbsp;&nbsp; créatives soit euh pour les prospects tièdes et&nbsp; chauds, c'est là où aussi ell elles vont suivre en&nbsp;&nbsp; fait au niveau du spen niveau proportionnellement.&nbsp; Euh donc Prosped a déjà vu une créa, commence à&nbsp;&nbsp; s'intéresser. Prospéo préacheté, il lui faut le&nbsp; dernier poche. Donc ça généralement c'est toutes&nbsp;&nbsp; les créatifs par exemple euh code promo, offre&nbsp; limitée, tous ces trucs là. C'est pour ça qu'il&nbsp;&nbsp; faut de la diversité. Donc euh 10 créatives&nbsp; différentes, c'est beaucoup mieux que 20&nbsp;&nbsp; créatives similaires. En fait, si vous faites 20&nbsp; créatives similaires, par exemple, sur un testing,&nbsp;&nbsp; c'est pas fou. Si vous faites 10 créatives&nbsp; différentes et vraiment drastiquement différente,&nbsp;&nbsp; et ben là, c'est vraiment 10 fois mieux. C'est&nbsp; vraiment ce que je vous recommande. Toujours&nbsp;&nbsp; choisir la diversité plutôt que la quantité, même&nbsp; s'il faut de la quantité. L'écosystème créatif.&nbsp;&nbsp; Donc euh pour vous présenter un petit peu euh&nbsp; le truc, donc je vais commencer par le bas&nbsp;&nbsp; ici. Donc ne coupe pas de la créat d'Aweness juste&nbsp; parce que ton AOS c'est bas, elle alimente le&nbsp;&nbsp; funel. C'est ce que je vous disais avant. Vous&nbsp; avez des créatives qui vont attirer tous les&nbsp;&nbsp; prospects froids. Et ces créatives-là en fait euh&nbsp; elles auront généralement un ROS plus bas. Alors&nbsp;&nbsp; des fois non, mais des fois oui. Et c'est pas&nbsp; parce que le ROS est bas qu'il faut forcément&nbsp;&nbsp; la couper dans la CBO parce que vous vous regardez&nbsp; par exemple uniquement le ROS de la créative mais&nbsp;&nbsp; c'est pas parce que le ROS est bas qu'il faut la&nbsp; couper parce qu'en fait elle a un rôle dans la&nbsp;&nbsp; CBO et en fait métait que au final le ROS que vous&nbsp; allez en tirer c'est le plus haut possible et là&nbsp;&nbsp; justement on le voit très bien à Warness ici par&nbsp; exemple une créative qui attire l'audience froide&nbsp;&nbsp; elle est à 1.2 de ROS. Bon évidemment ça dépend&nbsp; de vos ROS de vos marges mais 1.2 de ROS. Là,&nbsp;&nbsp; on voit du coup la deuxième ici qui a un ROS de 2&nbsp; 2.0. Du coup, en mode ça bule la confiance. Bon,&nbsp;&nbsp; là c'est ça peut être plein de choses évidemment,&nbsp; c'est pas forcément éducationnel. Et euh vous avez&nbsp;&nbsp; les créatifs du coup qui vont fermer les ventes,&nbsp; qui vont très peu spin mais qui auront des ROS&nbsp;&nbsp; vraiment ultra supérieur juste parce qu'elles&nbsp; agissent vraiment en en bout de tunnel. Et ça&nbsp;&nbsp; c'est un truc super important à comprendre.&nbsp; Donc là, il y a des personnes qui vont voir&nbsp;&nbsp; leur CBO qui vont être en mode "Là ma créative,&nbsp; elle est 1.22 ROS, faut que je la coupe et tout&nbsp;&nbsp; parce que je suis pas rentable." Mais en fait, si&nbsp; votre ici là, on regarde le total le total blendé&nbsp;&nbsp; du coup genre vraiment le ROS moyen vraiment&nbsp; la la moyenne, on voit que c'est à 2.5 et en&nbsp;&nbsp; fait là du coup, on est ultra rentable. Donc&nbsp; même si la créative d'Aweness elle est à 1.2,&nbsp;&nbsp; si au final la CBO elle est rentable, c'est bon.&nbsp; Bon, évidemment, si vos CBO elle est pas rentable,&nbsp;&nbsp; là il y a un problème et là peut-être qu'il faut&nbsp; faire des actions parce que des fois l'algorithme&nbsp;&nbsp; il est très bon mais il peut y avoir des fois des&nbsp; erreurs ou des trucs que l'algorithme ne voit pas&nbsp;&nbsp; parce que MTA il est optimisé pour faire de&nbsp; la quantité et vraiment faire les meilleurs&nbsp;&nbsp; résultats sur de la quantité. Il est pas forcément&nbsp; fait en fait pour optimiser au plus enfin vraiment&nbsp;&nbsp; au maximum. Lui c'est vraiment son but c'est que&nbsp; vous spendez le plus possible et que vous faites&nbsp;&nbsp; le plus de volume possible avec la meilleure&nbsp; rentabilité possible. Euh donc voilà et comme&nbsp;&nbsp; j'ai mis par contre si la campagne est globalement&nbsp; pas rentable depuis plusieurs jours, il y a des&nbsp;&nbsp; décisions à prendre comme je viens de vous le&nbsp; dire. La structure la plus simple possible. Donc&nbsp;&nbsp; voilà, ça c'est ma structure que j'utilise tout le&nbsp; temps. Donc une campagne CBO euh tout simplement&nbsp;&nbsp; je mets du coup tous mes ads dans la campagne CBO.&nbsp; Moi, je fais un adset par créative et je regroupe&nbsp;&nbsp; les variations entre elles. Donc, par exemple, si&nbsp; j'ai une image, par exemple, un acheté en offert,&nbsp;&nbsp; euh bah, en fait, je vais faire plusieurs images&nbsp; en acheté un offert qui seront faites de manière&nbsp;&nbsp; totalement différente. Donc en statique euh par&nbsp; exemple et je vais tout regrouper dans un adset&nbsp;&nbsp; parce qu'en fait, c'est la même créative. Et cette&nbsp; assette là, je vais l'appeler par exemple euh par&nbsp;&nbsp; exemple statique 1 + 1 offert et je sais pas, je&nbsp; vais mettre quelque chose parce que peut-être que&nbsp;&nbsp; j'en ferai par la suite. Mais du coup, je regroupe&nbsp; tout à l'intérieur que ça soit deux créatives,&nbsp;&nbsp; trois créatives, 10 créatives, même si j'en ai&nbsp; qu'une, je la mets toute seule. Vous pouvez en&nbsp;&nbsp; mettre jusqu'à 10. En vrai, moi c'est ce que je&nbsp; fais. Et euh voilà, un asset égale une créative&nbsp;&nbsp; dans une CBO, vous mettez le budget dessus&nbsp; tout simplement. Une campagne par produit,&nbsp;&nbsp; ça c'est un truc à respecter, c'est super&nbsp; important. Ou par collection. Par exemple,&nbsp;&nbsp; si vous vendez par exemple de la fashion, par&nbsp; exemple, vous vendez des t-shirts, imaginons,&nbsp;&nbsp; et ben vous allez faire du coup une campagne par&nbsp; style de t-shirt, par collection de t-shirt et euh&nbsp;&nbsp; et voilà, un adset par concept angle. Donc ça peut&nbsp; être soit par créative, soit par concept, soit&nbsp;&nbsp; par angle. Il y a des gens qui font différemment.&nbsp; Moi, je fais vraiment par créative à l'intérieur.&nbsp;&nbsp; Full broad, zéro ciblage. Donc, mettez pas&nbsp; d'intérêt, mettez rien vraiment juste full broad.&nbsp;&nbsp; et euh jamais deux fois la même créative dans la&nbsp; CBO. C'est super important, ne dupliquez jamais&nbsp;&nbsp; vos créatives. Hormi, comme j'ai mis exception,&nbsp; tu peux dupliquer une créative si redirige vers&nbsp;&nbsp; une page différente. Imaginons, tu as une créative&nbsp; qui performe bien dans ta CBO. Et ça petit tips&nbsp;&nbsp; d'ailleurs, c'est super bien. C'est du coup tu&nbsp; dupliques ta créative dans la CBO, donc la même,&nbsp;&nbsp; sauf que tu vas changer l'URL de redirection et&nbsp; tu vas par exemple mettre du coup une landing&nbsp;&nbsp; page qui est vraiment en fait faite pour ta&nbsp; créative. Si par exemple, tu as une créative&nbsp;&nbsp; qui fonctionne bien sur un ch un plus un offert,&nbsp; un un é= un offert, bah tu fais un truc spécial,&nbsp;&nbsp; enfin un vertorial ou ou quoi en fait vraiment&nbsp; sur le fait : non pas forcément mais du coup&nbsp;&nbsp; imaginons une page produit avec l'offre justement&nbsp; un achat en offert. Bon, ça c'est logique, mais il&nbsp;&nbsp; y a des trucs où par exemple tu vas aborder par&nbsp; exemple l'angle du sport par exemple, imaginons,&nbsp;&nbsp; bah tu vas faire une LP spécial sport pour cette&nbsp; créative là avec l'angle que tu as justement visé&nbsp;&nbsp; et du coup, tu vas la dupliquer pour voir en&nbsp; fait si oui ou non. Du coup, parce que en fait,&nbsp;&nbsp; Meta si détecte qu'en fait cette créative là est&nbsp; plus rentable avec cette LP et qu'en fait les&nbsp;&nbsp; l'audience de cette créative raisonne plus avec ta&nbsp; LP, elle va potentiellement spendre beaucoup plus.&nbsp;&nbsp; Euh dans tous les cas, comme j'ai mis, Facebook&nbsp; dépensera sur la plus performante. Euh le testing,&nbsp;&nbsp; combien de créative ? Alors parce que là du&nbsp; coup là, je vous ai parlé de la campagne CBO,&nbsp;&nbsp; je vous ai pas forcément donné le budget. Là&nbsp; justement, on va voir au niveau du budget,&nbsp;&nbsp; quand vous débutez, mettez 50 € par jour, c'est ou&nbsp; 50 dollars par jour. C'est vraiment ce que je vous&nbsp;&nbsp; recommande. Euh si vous avez quand même pas mal&nbsp; d'argent, mettez 100 dollars par jour directement,&nbsp;&nbsp; surtout aux US. Ce que je vous recommande, 50&nbsp; dollars par jour, c'est trop bas aux US. Euh donc&nbsp;&nbsp; combien de créatives ? Euh pour le savoir, vous&nbsp; prenez votre budget que vous allez mettre. Donc&nbsp;&nbsp; 50 € par jour si vous débutez si vous débutez,&nbsp; 100 € par jour si vous êtes intermédiaire. Dans&nbsp;&nbsp; tous les cas, prenez en compte qu'il faut au&nbsp; moins run 3 à 7 jours. Donc en fait prenez ça&nbsp;&nbsp; en compte. Euh le nombre de jours que vous allez&nbsp; run est beaucoup plus important que le budget que&nbsp;&nbsp; vous allez euh que vous allez spendre par jour. En&nbsp; fait, il vaut mieux euh spendre 50 dollars euh par&nbsp;&nbsp; jour pendant 7 jours que de dépenser 100 dollars&nbsp; par jour et de run de jours. Euh donc voilà euh&nbsp;&nbsp; budget euh divisé par le nombre de jours divisé&nbsp; par 3 et vous allez avoir votre nombre de créativ&nbsp;&nbsp; maximum. Donc pour 50 dollars par jour, c'est 15&nbsp; à 20 créatives maximum dans votre CBO. 100 dollars&nbsp;&nbsp; par jour 30 à 35 et 300 dollars par jour 75 à 100&nbsp; créatives maximum. C'est vraiment le maximum que&nbsp;&nbsp; je vous donne. Vous pouvez faire beaucoup plus.&nbsp; vous êtes pas obligé forcément d'atteindre en&nbsp;&nbsp; fait ces de d'avoir autant de créative, mais pour&nbsp; un testing, je vous recommande dans tous les cas&nbsp;&nbsp; minimum entre 10 et 20 créatives. Comme j'ai&nbsp; mis, faut avoir un mix d'images et de vidéos,&nbsp;&nbsp; super important, c'est pas une science exacte,&nbsp; faut balancer et voir ce que ça donne. Voilà,&nbsp;&nbsp; mettez tout dans la type bio. Facebook va dépenser&nbsp; très bien en fait sur ce qui fonctionne le mieux.&nbsp;&nbsp; Et euh comme j'ai mis du coup mix images et&nbsp; vidéos, il y a beaucoup de personnes des fois&nbsp;&nbsp; qui viennent me voir qui me disent "Ouais mais les&nbsp; images ça fonctionne pas pour moi, il y a que les&nbsp;&nbsp; vidéos et cetera. Si les images ça fonctionne pas&nbsp; pour toi, c'est impossible déjà parce que toutes&nbsp;&nbsp; les brains, peu importe ce que c'est, les images&nbsp; ça fonctionne. Si ça ne fonctionne pas, c'est pour&nbsp;&nbsp; une raison, c'est que en fait les vidéos font&nbsp; déjà le rôle de convertir la personne et quand&nbsp;&nbsp; la personne arrive sur le site, elle va acheter&nbsp; beaucoup plus facilement. Alors que les statiques,&nbsp;&nbsp; c'est différent. La personne en fait, elle est là,&nbsp; elle arrive, elle clique et après elle arrive sur&nbsp;&nbsp; la page produit. Et en fait, il faut que la page&nbsp; produit explique vraiment très très bien votre&nbsp;&nbsp; produit, que le marketing soit bon et si c'est&nbsp; un produit fonctionnel qui est dur à comprendre&nbsp;&nbsp; et cetera, c'est super important que il y ait&nbsp; par exemple un gif ou une vidéo. Et pareil ça,&nbsp;&nbsp; GIF et vidéo, faites attention, faut vraiment&nbsp; bien les optimiser. Je vois des gens mettre&nbsp;&nbsp; des vidéos des gifs de 5 MO, 10 MO sur le site,&nbsp; mais 5 ou 10 MO, ça tue vos taux de conversion.&nbsp;&nbsp; Euh il y a eu des études justement par exemple&nbsp; de Google qui indiquent, je sais plus exactement&nbsp;&nbsp; c'est combien euh si ça fait perdre en moyenne&nbsp; peut-être 1 ou 2 % de de taux de conversion,&nbsp;&nbsp; je sais plus exactement ou peut-être plus, je sais&nbsp; pas euh ou peut-être 23 % de taux de conversion&nbsp;&nbsp; sur le montant que vous avez euh actuel. Donc en&nbsp; gros le montant actuel moins 20 %. Euh je sais&nbsp;&nbsp; plus exactement, j'ai pas envie de bah là je vous&nbsp; ai déjà dit n'importe quoi. Dans tous les cas,&nbsp;&nbsp; c'est un vrai impact et ça hésitez pas à aller&nbsp; voir justement les études de Google et cetera&nbsp;&nbsp; qui en parlent et c'est un vrai vrai sujet.&nbsp; Il faut vraiment bien optimiser les trucs,&nbsp;&nbsp; mettre les vidéos et cetera en les eoading s'il&nbsp; faut le faire. Les la plupart des thèmes Shopify&nbsp;&nbsp; aujourd'hui le font. Euh donc voilà, mais c'est&nbsp; à vérifier avec des sites par exemple comme GT&nbsp;&nbsp; Matrix ou euh GT Matrix où vous avez alors Pay&nbsp; Speed ou comment ça s'appelle ? C'est Light Host&nbsp;&nbsp; par exemple de sur Google directement. Euh je vous&nbsp; mettrai dans la description si vous voulez. Itérer&nbsp;&nbsp; intelligemment. Donc une mauvaise itération vs une&nbsp; bonne itération. Je je vais vous montrer ce que&nbsp;&nbsp; c'est une mauvaise itération. C'est par exemple&nbsp; vous prenez une vidéo, vous faites 20 hooks&nbsp;&nbsp; différents. Euh donc en fait vous allez avoir un&nbsp; score de similarité qui est beaucoup trop haut et&nbsp;&nbsp; Facebook va dépenser que sur une seule. Des fois&nbsp; vous allez avoir de la chance, il va dépenser sur&nbsp;&nbsp; deux ou trois. Surtout si vous avez que ça dans&nbsp; votre CBIO. Évidemment si vous avez que ça, il&nbsp;&nbsp; va être obligé de se pen sur plusieurs créatives,&nbsp; même si du coup c'est un peu négatif. Mais moi,&nbsp;&nbsp; c'est ce que j'ai remarqué, c'est que dans toutes&nbsp; mes peut-être qu'au début il y en a quelques-unes&nbsp;&nbsp; qui peuvent se pen mais en finalité quand vous&nbsp; allez il y en a toujours qu'une seule en fait&nbsp;&nbsp; qui aura vraiment fonctionné qui aura vraiment&nbsp; spa donc c'est important d'itérer mais voilà&nbsp;&nbsp; c'est allez pas faire forcément 20 h différents ou&nbsp; alors vous pouvez le faire mais faut pas faire que&nbsp;&nbsp; ça comme j'ai mis une bonne itération et c'est&nbsp; ce qu'il faut faire en priorité c'est varier&nbsp;&nbsp; les angles, les formats et les avatars. Quand je&nbsp; parle de format, ça peut être voilà en statique,&nbsp;&nbsp; il y a différents types de statiques. Vous avez&nbsp; les statiques natives, les statiques avant après,&nbsp;&nbsp; les statiques avec des headlines, statique&nbsp; point, vous avez 10000 types de statique en fait&nbsp;&nbsp; possibles. Itération éloignée du winner original.&nbsp; Donc vous avez une winuse, vous allez faire une&nbsp;&nbsp; itération éloignée avec euh vraiment votre big ID&nbsp; en fait qui est totalement différente ou alors le&nbsp;&nbsp; concept ou le format peu importe parce qu'il y a&nbsp; par exemple vous avez une statique qui est wineuse&nbsp;&nbsp; vous allez par exemple faire le même concept que&nbsp; la statique mais en vidéo ou en vidéo gif par&nbsp;&nbsp; exemple les vidéos gif ça fonctionne aussi très&nbsp; très bien. Euh vidéo gif c'est des vidéos de 5 à&nbsp;&nbsp; 10 secondes et cetera avec des petites animations.&nbsp; Par exemple, vous prenez une image vous l'animez&nbsp;&nbsp; directement sur sur cling ou enfin voilà sur&nbsp; Xfield. Vous allez sur Xfield, vous avez Clink,&nbsp;&nbsp; Cens, vous avez plein de modèles. Clink, c'est&nbsp; généralement le meilleur et vous pouvez du coup&nbsp;&nbsp; animer directement votre image. Vous la foutez sur&nbsp; Facebook, généralement ça fonctionne même mieux&nbsp;&nbsp; qu'en statique pour certains formats. Euh plus de&nbsp; vrais nouveaux concepts. Voilà, de toute façon,&nbsp;&nbsp; vous l'avez compris, pas besoin de faire que du&nbsp; neuf, mais les itérations doivent être vraiment&nbsp;&nbsp; différentes. C'est super important. Euh vous allez&nbsp; voir que dans tous les cas et de toute façon je&nbsp;&nbsp; pense que vous l'avez compris sur Facebook, il&nbsp; y a pas de règles précises en mode c'est comme&nbsp;&nbsp; si c'est comme ça et cetera. Non, c'est toujours&nbsp; euh voilà, c'est voilà, on sait jamais exactement&nbsp;&nbsp; ce qui est ce qui est ce qu'il faut vraiment&nbsp; faire ou non, mais il y a des bonnes pratiques&nbsp;&nbsp; et des mauvaises pratiques. Il vaut mieux se&nbsp; tourner vers les bonnes pratiques. Par exemple,&nbsp;&nbsp; le fait de faire justement de la diversité&nbsp; plutôt que de faire vraiment de la quantité,&nbsp;&nbsp; de spam vraiment juste à changer des hook et&nbsp; cetera. Ce qui fonctionnait très bien avant,&nbsp;&nbsp; mais ce qui fonctionne beaucoup moins maintenant.&nbsp; analyser les résultats. La matrice de décision&nbsp;&nbsp; euh donc voilà une petite matrice de décision&nbsp; donc lancement vous laissez tourner de à 3 jours&nbsp;&nbsp; minimum sans rien toucher. Euh donc vous allez&nbsp; pas c de créata, rien du tout, pas de modif sur&nbsp;&nbsp; le site. Ensuite vous allez regarder au bout de&nbsp; 2 3 jours, évidemment 2 jours si vous avez pas de&nbsp;&nbsp; vente vous allez analyser directement mais 3 jours&nbsp; sinon euh vous allez analyser. Si votre ROS est&nbsp;&nbsp; supérieur à votre ROS breaken, euh bah soit vous&nbsp; laissez tourner, soit vous scalez tout simplement.&nbsp;&nbsp; Euh et tu continues. Et si ton AOS euh est euh&nbsp; inférieur à Breakven, voilà, tu analyses euh tout&nbsp;&nbsp; en fait, tous tes stats, taux de conversion sur&nbsp; Shopify, euh sur MTA partout et tu vas analyser&nbsp;&nbsp; euh tout simplement si l'offre peut-être qu'elle&nbsp; est pas assez attractive. Par exemple, tu regardes&nbsp;&nbsp; ton pourcentage de taux de date to carte. Bah&nbsp; voilà, de toute façon, je ferai des vidéos si&nbsp;&nbsp; vous voulez, si vous avez des des questions et&nbsp; cetera, vous mettez en commentaire. Je vais en&nbsp;&nbsp; parler un peu plus ici en profondeur. L'offre est&nbsp; pas assez attractive. Comment le savoir ? C'est en&nbsp;&nbsp; fait généralement sur vos taux de conversion sur&nbsp; Shopify, vous allez voir votre pourcentage d' to&nbsp;&nbsp; card, votre pourcentage de checkout et pourcentage&nbsp; de paiement finalisé. Généralement, si votre AT&nbsp;&nbsp; carart est bas, c'est que l'offre elle est pas&nbsp; assez attractive. Euh ça c'est vraiment le gros&nbsp;&nbsp; le gros red flag. En fait, c'est là où vous allez&nbsp; le voir. Généralement, le taux d'atto carart faut&nbsp;&nbsp; être environ entre 8 et 10 %. Euh vous pouvez être&nbsp; un peu en dessous, ça dépend évidemment des nises,&nbsp;&nbsp; ça dépend de votre panier moyen, mais si vous&nbsp; avez un panier moyen entre 30 et 50 euh € ça va&nbsp;&nbsp; tourner autour des euh 7 à 10 %, ce qui est des&nbsp; bons taux d'at to carte. Et pour des produits à&nbsp;&nbsp; 100 € ça va tourner plus autour des 5 6 %. Euh&nbsp; ça dépend évidemment, ça dépend des niches,&nbsp;&nbsp; ça dépend des produits. Chaque personne a des&nbsp; métriques différentes, mais c'est là où vous&nbsp;&nbsp; pouvez quand même savoir plus ou moins si c'est&nbsp; l'offre ou pas. Euh ça peut être le site. Donc il&nbsp;&nbsp; faut bien analyser euh que votre site il y a pas&nbsp; de problème, que vous avez pas créé de la friction&nbsp;&nbsp; comme je vous ai dit avant. Euh les créatives,&nbsp; est-ce que elles sont assez bonne ? Est-ce que&nbsp;&nbsp; vous avez de la diversité ? Est-ce que vous êtes&nbsp; sûr de ce que vous avez lancé ? Le marketing,&nbsp;&nbsp; est-ce qu'il est assez bon ? Est-ce que vraiment&nbsp; vous avez uniquement des bénéfices ? Est-ce que&nbsp;&nbsp; vous avez vraiment des vraies promesses ? Est-ce&nbsp; qu'il y a pas d'incohérence aussi au niveau de&nbsp;&nbsp; tout ce que vous dites ? C'est super important.&nbsp; Est-ce que aussi vous avez mis le temps de&nbsp;&nbsp; livraison sous la tocard ? Moi, je mets toujours&nbsp; euh par exemple livraison offerte et dedans,&nbsp;&nbsp; dans ce menu déroulant là, je mets le le temps&nbsp; de livraison. Euh pareil, 30 jours satisfait,&nbsp;&nbsp; remboursé, un menu déroulant, vous expliquez&nbsp; pourquoi tous ces trucs là. Si a une objection&nbsp;&nbsp; aussi principale sur le produit, vous faites&nbsp; un menu déroulant sur l'objection principale&nbsp;&nbsp; du produit et vous allez démonter l'objection. Et&nbsp; pareil, je vois, il y a beaucoup de personnes qui&nbsp;&nbsp; se creusent la tête et vraiment qui réfléchissent&nbsp; à fois en mode "Ah, sur mon produit, il y a tel&nbsp;&nbsp; problème, tel problème, les clients il peuvent&nbsp; avoir pe de ça." Et en fait, ils vont créer plein&nbsp;&nbsp; de menus déroulants en mode euh "Ouais, qu'est-ce&nbsp; que je fais si ça marche pas ?" et cetera et plein&nbsp;&nbsp; de trucs comme ça. Et le problème, il faut pas&nbsp; trop prévoir plus parce qu'en fait à faire ça,&nbsp;&nbsp; vous allez mettre encrer en fait des idées dans&nbsp; la tête des clients où en fait ils vont lire tout&nbsp;&nbsp; le négatif et ils vont en fait vous allez leur&nbsp; créer des ports. Si vous leur dites "Et si ça&nbsp;&nbsp; marche pas" ? le client va dire "Ah, ça peut ne&nbsp; pas marcher. Pourquoi ?" Tu vois ? Et en fait, la&nbsp;&nbsp; personne n'y avait même pas pensé que vous allez&nbsp; en fait lui encrer un truc en fait dans la tête.&nbsp;&nbsp; Donc faut faire super important, faut faire super&nbsp; attention. Euh ensuite euh donc toujours décider&nbsp;&nbsp; sur des tranches de 3 à 7 jours minimum. Euh&nbsp; alors, tac, attendez. Hop. OK. Euh ensuite, quand&nbsp;&nbsp; couper une créative ? Euh bon là, d'ailleurs,&nbsp; il commence à faire nuit. Ça a l'air d'être&nbsp;&nbsp; bon au niveau caméra. Ça va, on voit toujours euh&nbsp; quand couper une créative. Donc quand la garder,&nbsp;&nbsp; quand la couper euh quand la garder, donc si le&nbsp; ROS est bas mais que la CBIO globale est rentable,&nbsp;&nbsp; vous gardez cette créative. Comme je vous ai&nbsp; dit juste avant, euh si elle fait le travail&nbsp;&nbsp; d'Aweness, euh voilà comment le savoir ? Vous&nbsp; regardez généralement bah déjà si elle prend le&nbsp;&nbsp; spen, c'est qu'elle fait travailler d'Awness dans&nbsp; tous les cas, mais vous pouvez regarder aussi la&nbsp;&nbsp; répétition. Généralement, ces créatives là ont une&nbsp; répétition très basse. MTA gère la distribution&nbsp;&nbsp; tout seul. Euh voilà, donc euh tout simplement euh&nbsp; vous allez rien toucher. Euh d'ailleurs, ça a rien&nbsp;&nbsp; à voir avec euh avec comment couper une créatif,&nbsp; c'est pas grave. Euh quand la coupé si le en tout&nbsp;&nbsp; de 1 après ça tu 14 jours euh j'ai mis en dessous&nbsp; de 1 mais c'est en dessous de votre break heaven&nbsp;&nbsp; euh largement en dessous de votre break même après&nbsp; 7 à 14 jours, vous allez cut la créative parce que&nbsp;&nbsp; vraiment si ça vous impacte trop et que votre CBO&nbsp; global le Airest n'est pas bon, il faut prendre&nbsp;&nbsp; des décisions. Généralement, moi d'ailleurs ce que&nbsp; je fais c'est que je vais couper ces créatives là&nbsp;&nbsp; si vraiment elles sont plus du tout rentables et&nbsp; qu'elles tirent vraiment toute la CBO vers le bas&nbsp;&nbsp; et je vais les dupliquer après les avoir coupés&nbsp; très important dans une nouvelle CBO que je vais&nbsp;&nbsp; appeler alors les gens ils appellent ça soit CBO&nbsp; zombie soit CBO graveyard et en fait vous allez&nbsp;&nbsp; tout simplement mettre tout à l'intérieur et vous&nbsp; allez généralement mettre en bit cap ou en Cap&nbsp;&nbsp; comme vous voulez. Ça c'est un peu avancé. Vous&nbsp; prenez pas la tête dessus quand vous êtes débutant&nbsp;&nbsp; ou vous mettez juste dans la CBO, vous prenez pas&nbsp; la tête. Mais c'est juste que c'est des créatives&nbsp;&nbsp; qui sont quand même intéressantes ou fausse&nbsp; peine euh si le Ros c'est pas trop mal évidemment&nbsp;&nbsp; si c'est vraiment éclaté juste couper là. Si ta&nbsp; campagne est globalement rentable, garde tout. Le&nbsp;&nbsp; ROS individuel n'est pas le seul critère. Euh donc&nbsp; voilà. Et comme j'ai mis c'est aussi si rien n'est&nbsp;&nbsp; rentable depuis plusieurs jours, comme je vous ai&nbsp; dit sur la TBO, vous coupez le scaling vertical.&nbsp;&nbsp; Euh donc tout simplement c'est pas compliqué, il y&nbsp; a pas de règle, il y a pas de plus 20 % de je sais&nbsp;&nbsp; pas quoi, ça dépend vraiment. Petit budget par&nbsp; exemple entre 50 et 100 dollars par jour, vous&nbsp;&nbsp; allez faire plus 50 plus 100 %. Voilà, s'il y a si&nbsp; à 50 dollars par jour, vous êtes ultra rentable,&nbsp;&nbsp; vous passez direct à 100, vous prenez pas la tête.&nbsp; et même plus en fait si vous avez du budget mais&nbsp;&nbsp; 100 c'est très bien. Après 200 si c'est toujours&nbsp; ultra rentable vous passez de 100 à 200 vous&nbsp;&nbsp; pouvez faire plus 50 + 100 % selon votre budget&nbsp; évidemment et selon également les résultats. Plus&nbsp;&nbsp; vos résultats sont élevés, plus vous pouvez vous&nbsp; permettre de scale agressivement. Euh si vous êtes&nbsp;&nbsp; entre 300 et 500 dollars par jour, vous allez&nbsp; faire euh + 20 + 50 % selon votre budget. Moi&nbsp;&nbsp; j'aime bien entre 300 et 500 dollars faire des&nbsp; des + 100 % encore mais parce que j'ai le budget&nbsp;&nbsp; et je peux me permettre de prendre le risque et&nbsp; je suis confiant par rapport à mon expérience.&nbsp;&nbsp; Mais si vous débutez + 20 + 50 % c'est pas mal.&nbsp; Et au-dessus de 1000 dollars par jour, + 20 + 30&nbsp;&nbsp; % parce que évidemment euh faut être plus prudent&nbsp; parce que vous spendez plus et forcément un + 100&nbsp;&nbsp; % sur 1000 dollars par jour, bah c'est le tout&nbsp; donc 2000 dollars par jour. Donc gén généralement&nbsp;&nbsp; vous allez y aller un peu plus doucement mais&nbsp; voilà il y a pas de règle. Vous allez escaler&nbsp;&nbsp; selon ventre un votre rentabilité et de à quel&nbsp; point vous avez du budget, à quel point vous&nbsp;&nbsp; êtes conscient tout simplement. Euh et comme j'ai&nbsp; mis ce qu'elle pendant que c'est chaud tous les de&nbsp;&nbsp; à 3 jours, pas le lendemain. Euh alors là du coup&nbsp; Claude il l'a mal écrit mais euh en gros quand je&nbsp;&nbsp; dis qu'elle pendant que c'est chaud c'est que tu&nbsp; vas regarder les deux trois derniers jours. Si tu&nbsp;&nbsp; es bien rentable euh bah en fait tu vas regarder&nbsp; le jour actuel. Moi, je vais attendre par exemple&nbsp;&nbsp; là, imaginons les deux trois derniers jours, ma&nbsp; campagne était super rentable et j'ai envie de&nbsp;&nbsp; scale. Euh, généralement, j'attends toujours les&nbsp; de tr jours, à part si vraiment c'est Black Friday&nbsp;&nbsp; ou quoi. J'aime bien y aller quand même doucement,&nbsp; enfin doucement sur l'analyse et après j'y vais à&nbsp;&nbsp; fond sur le budget et euh je vais regarder en fait&nbsp; dans la journée, je vais attendre aujourd'hui par&nbsp;&nbsp; exemple autour de 11h et 14h ou voire même 15h,&nbsp; peu importe, euh un moment donné dans la journée&nbsp;&nbsp; où la campagne, elle est rentable et quand&nbsp; elle est rentable, boum, je scale directement&nbsp;&nbsp; la campagne. en cours de journée, si elle est à&nbsp; 500 dollars, je la fous boum à 1000 dollars dans&nbsp;&nbsp; la journée. Pourquoi ? Parce que si aujourd'hui&nbsp; c'est rentable, et ben je sais que si je rajoute&nbsp;&nbsp; du budget, ça va continuer à être bien rentable.&nbsp; Euh et ça va souvent suivre dans 95 % des cas.&nbsp;&nbsp; Je me laisse une petite marche d'erreur mais c'est&nbsp; un truc qui fonctionne extrêmement bien alors que&nbsp;&nbsp; si vous ce qu' calez à minuit vous savez jamais si&nbsp; le lendemain ça va être une bonne journée ou une&nbsp;&nbsp; mauvaise journée et ça se trouve vous allez mettre&nbsp; du budget en plus alors qu'en fait vous auriez pu&nbsp;&nbsp; ne pas le mettre et ça se trouve c'était vraiment&nbsp; juste une mauvaise journée. Alors maintenant, si&nbsp;&nbsp; votre AOS baisse après le scaling, donc si votre&nbsp; AOS baisse mais que vous êtes toujours en table,&nbsp;&nbsp; c'est normal et de toute façon il y a de la&nbsp; variance des fois faut continuer et observer&nbsp;&nbsp; pendant 48 he si jamais votre er baisse et que&nbsp; vous êtes proche du breakven alors j'ai mis pause&nbsp;&nbsp; pendant 2 3 jours mais c'est en gros pendant 2 3&nbsp; jours tu mets pas en pose ta campagne tu ne tu ne&nbsp;&nbsp; vas pas scale pendant 3 jours, tu ne fais rien,&nbsp; tu as pas forcément uns ni rien et tu vas juste&nbsp;&nbsp; ajouter des nouvelles créatives dans ta CBO si&nbsp; par contre c'est plus du tout rentable et que ça&nbsp;&nbsp; fait minimum 2 3 jours, tu vas baisser le budget&nbsp; de ta campagne et ajouter des créatives en plus.&nbsp;&nbsp; Euh la réponse c'est presque toujours ajouter&nbsp; des créatives et en réalité pas forcément parce&nbsp;&nbsp; que euh par exemple quand tu vas baisser enfin&nbsp; si tu es vraiment tu es plus du tout rentable,&nbsp;&nbsp; tu baisses le budget, tu ajoutes des créatifs.&nbsp; Des fois c'est aussi ton offre en fait qui n'est&nbsp;&nbsp; pas assez intéressante et qui est peut-être trop&nbsp; chère. Voilà, pas assez intéressante dans tous&nbsp;&nbsp; les cas dans tous les cas. Et euh du coup, le fait&nbsp; d'avoir aussi une meilleure offre va te permettre&nbsp;&nbsp; justement d'avoir une meilleure stabilité et de de&nbsp; plus qu'aler. Donc c'est important oui d'ajouter&nbsp;&nbsp; des créatifs mais également d'abester des offres.&nbsp; C'est super important. Euh dans tous les cas, j'ai&nbsp;&nbsp; prévu une vidéo sur le sujet donc je vous la ferai&nbsp; dans tous les cas. Le scaling horizontal. Euh donc&nbsp;&nbsp; euh scaling horizontal c'est le fait de rajouter&nbsp; évidemment plus de créative euh plus de créative.&nbsp;&nbsp; Donc 70 % écosystème, donc c'est le fait&nbsp; d'ajouter des créatives autour de vos winuses&nbsp;&nbsp; existantes. Donc euh créa d'awarness euh bon il&nbsp; a écrit satellite, créa éducation satellite créa&nbsp;&nbsp; conversion satellite. Donc c'est quoi ? C'est si&nbsp; vous avez une créat winuse avec un certain angle,&nbsp;&nbsp; un certain personnat, vous allez faire en fait&nbsp; des créas vraiment d'awarness, d'éducation,&nbsp;&nbsp; de conversion, de tout ce que vous pouvez&nbsp; faire autour de cette winners là avec le même&nbsp;&nbsp; personnage, la même idée et cetera pour vraiment&nbsp; en fait créer comme un écosystème parce que ces&nbsp;&nbsp; personnesl qui vont être attirées par votre créa&nbsp; qui prend tout le spen, elles vont forcément finir&nbsp;&nbsp; en fait sur les autres et en fait ça va vraiment&nbsp; créer un écosystème et Facebook comme je vous&nbsp;&nbsp; disais avec les points de touche avant, il va&nbsp; vraiment en fait ça paraît complexe quand je&nbsp;&nbsp; vous dis tout ça mais tout ça c'est automatique en&nbsp; fait. Vous avez juste à y penser à faire des cré,&nbsp;&nbsp; aller [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] dans la CBO et c'est MTA qui gère&nbsp; ça. Et en fait le fait d'avoir voilà beaucoup de&nbsp;&nbsp; créa en fait sur le même personnat et cetera qui&nbsp; va venir chercher en fait ce personnat là sous&nbsp;&nbsp; plein d'angles différents et sur des niveaux&nbsp; d'awarness différents. C'est ça qui va vous&nbsp;&nbsp; permettre devenir vraiment ce qui est très fort&nbsp; et avec une très bonne stabilité. Et 30 % de&nbsp;&nbsp; diversité parce que c'est super important de faire&nbsp; de la diversité et de faire des nouveaux concepts,&nbsp;&nbsp; des nouvelles choses comme j'ai mis vraiment&nbsp; différent. Donc nouveaux angles, nouveaux formats,&nbsp;&nbsp; nouveaux avatars, faites des nouvelles choses en&nbsp; plus, mais gardez en tête qu'il faut faire des&nbsp;&nbsp; trucs autour de vos winus existantes. Ça veut pas&nbsp; dire reprendre votre winuse et la dupliquer. C'est&nbsp;&nbsp; faire des trucs vraiment autour. Donc c'est faire&nbsp; quand même des choses différentes mais autour de&nbsp;&nbsp; cette winuse là. Et c'est super important&nbsp; à prendre en compte. Euh donc diagnostic,&nbsp;&nbsp; donc les trois playbook euh c'est trois&nbsp; problèmes qui reviennent souvent. C'est un&nbsp;&nbsp; le taux de vos taux de conversion est bas. Donc&nbsp; si vos taux de conversion il est bas, c'est le&nbsp;&nbsp; site et c'est pas les ads. Votre offre est pas&nbsp; assez attractive, manque de trust. Donc voilà,&nbsp;&nbsp; ça c'est un des trucs qui revient le plus souvent.&nbsp; Ou alors et c'est donc maintenant les trois&nbsp;&nbsp; playbook. Donc c'est trois choses qui reviennent&nbsp; assez souvent, assez fréquemment justement dans&nbsp;&nbsp; les ces différents problèmes qui arrivent. Donc&nbsp; les différents problèmes, c'est un le taux de&nbsp;&nbsp; conversion qui est trop bas. Donc généralement ça&nbsp; c'est le site et pas les ads. Votre offre qui est&nbsp;&nbsp; pas assez attractive ou alors que ça manque de&nbsp; trust euh et marketing pas assez bon sur la page&nbsp;&nbsp; de manière générale euh ou alors ça peut être&nbsp; plein de facteurs différents, mais en tout cas&nbsp;&nbsp; ça vient du site. Et là je vous ai listé vraiment&nbsp; les problèmes qui reviennent le plus souvent et&nbsp;&nbsp; c'est généralement tous ces éléments-l ou alors&nbsp; un de ces éléments-là. C'est souvent même tous&nbsp;&nbsp; les éléments en question. Euh de c'est quand votre&nbsp; ROS s'effondre. Donc généralement ça ça vient de&nbsp;&nbsp; la créative fatigue, de votre poche d'audience&nbsp; qui est saturée ou d'une mauvaise période et de&nbsp;&nbsp; l'offre qui n'est pas assez attractive. Euh&nbsp; voilà, il y a un truc à comprendre. Donc ça&nbsp;&nbsp; peut être créatif, fatigue, ça peut être plein de&nbsp; choses, mais pareil si votre AOS si votre offre&nbsp;&nbsp; n'est pas assez attractive, euh bah ça votre AOS&nbsp; va s'effondrer parce que vous allez vous allez&nbsp;&nbsp; pas réussir à ce qu'elle et vous aurez déjà en&nbsp; fait poncé toute l'audience intéressée par cette&nbsp;&nbsp; offre là. Et ça veut dire que il faut réussir à&nbsp; trouver une offre plus intéressante où vraiment&nbsp;&nbsp; vous allez être sûr que les gens vont acheter&nbsp; euh et vraiment un maximum de personnes. Faut&nbsp;&nbsp; vraiment que ce soit des offres qui soient quand&nbsp; même brutes si vous voulez qu'elle sur des gros&nbsp;&nbsp; montants euh parce qu'il y a des offres où c'est&nbsp; assez niche par exemple. Il y a des offres où en&nbsp;&nbsp; fait c'est vous allez vendre cher et en fait&nbsp; cette ce segment d'audience là sera tout petit&nbsp;&nbsp; alors que si vous vendez moins cher ce segment là&nbsp; sera beaucoup plus grand. Il y a beaucoup plus de&nbsp;&nbsp; personnes qui seront prêts à payer 10 € pour un&nbsp; produit que de payer 40 € pour ce même produit.&nbsp;&nbsp; C'est de la logique. Évidemment, on vendait&nbsp; pas forcément 10 € mais vous avez compris,&nbsp;&nbsp; c'était juste pour pour l'image. Et 3, c'est&nbsp; votre CPM qui est trop cher. Ça c'est un truc&nbsp;&nbsp; qui revient tout le temps. Tout le temps. On&nbsp; m'envoie des messages tout le temps par rapport&nbsp;&nbsp; à ça. Ça CPM trop cher, ça vient de plusieurs&nbsp; choses. Soit il y a une grosse incohérence au&nbsp;&nbsp; niveau des de la créative entre les créatives&nbsp; et le produit. Euh soit même votre produit n'est&nbsp;&nbsp; pas du tout bon et vous êtes complètement trompé&nbsp; quelque part. Vous vous êtes trompé sur l'offre&nbsp;&nbsp; où le marketing est vraiment pas bon. Euh et CPM&nbsp; élevé plus bon ROS égal pas un problème. Voilà,&nbsp;&nbsp; il y a des personnes des fois qui ont des gros CPM&nbsp; et cetera mais qui sont rentables. Donc en fait,&nbsp;&nbsp; on s'en fout du CPM. Si vous êtes rentable,&nbsp; c'est nickel. Euh faut savoir que chaque n chaque&nbsp;&nbsp; produit est différent et un bon CPM n'est jamais&nbsp; le même CPM pour tout le monde. Chaque produit&nbsp;&nbsp; est différent, même dans la même niche selon les&nbsp; produits, les CPM sont complètement différents.&nbsp;&nbsp; Et on s'en fout en fait, la finalité, c'est "Tu es&nbsp; rentable ou tu es pas rentable il y a que ça qu'il&nbsp;&nbsp; faut regarder. Euh donc voilà, les fondamentaux&nbsp; d'abord euh c'est super important. Euh voilà,&nbsp;&nbsp; allez pas chercher la stratégie, le truc en plus.&nbsp; Euh vraiment les fondamentaux, c'est toujours le&nbsp;&nbsp; truc le plus important. Allez pas chercher des&nbsp; techniques secrètes, des de je sais pas quoi.&nbsp;&nbsp; Euh et évitez aussi d'écouter plusieurs personnes,&nbsp; en fait, plusieurs stratégies et cetera. Voilà,&nbsp;&nbsp; si vous écoutez cette vidéo, cette stratégie,&nbsp; faites uniquement cette stratégie là jusqu'à&nbsp;&nbsp; réussir. Mais allez pas mettre en place cette&nbsp; stratégie là et tester un truc en plus que&nbsp;&nbsp; quelqu'un d'autre donne parce que là en fait, vous&nbsp; allez vous mélanger les pinceaux et vous allez&nbsp;&nbsp; faire n'importe quoi et c'est pas ça qui va vous&nbsp; permettre d'être rentable. Euh les fondamentaux&nbsp;&nbsp; d'abord, donc l'offre et le marketing d'abord,&nbsp; super important. Le pourcentage de profit plus&nbsp;&nbsp; que le ROS, on s'en fout du ROS. Regardez votre&nbsp; pourcentage de profit rentable, pas rentable.&nbsp;&nbsp; Bon pourcentage de profit, c'est quand vous&nbsp; lancez un testing, c'est au-dessus de 20 % de&nbsp;&nbsp; profit et quand vous scalez, c'est 15 %. Et si&nbsp; vous arrivez sur des des 100 Kill, par exemple,&nbsp;&nbsp; vous pouvez vous permettre de descendre à 10 %&nbsp; de profit. Évidemment, si c'est stable, si c'est&nbsp;&nbsp; instable et que ça descend des fois vraiment c'est&nbsp; pas rentable, des fois rentable, des fois voilà,&nbsp;&nbsp; faites attention. Ne jamais couper trop vite.&nbsp; Voilà, ça c'est une erreur que je vois aussi&nbsp;&nbsp; beaucoup. la créative et le targeting. Ça c'est&nbsp; important à comprendre aussi. C'est la créative.&nbsp;&nbsp; Comment vous allez la faire ? C'est ça qui va&nbsp; vous permettre d'attirer les bonnes personnes.&nbsp;&nbsp; Euh si vous faites une créative qui attire des&nbsp; personnes mais pas les bonnes personnes, ça va pas&nbsp;&nbsp; convertir. Ça c'est super important. L'écosystème&nbsp; créatif, donc là on en a parlé pendant longtemps.&nbsp;&nbsp; Privilégier les choses simples aux choses&nbsp; complexes, que ça soit votre site, le marketing,&nbsp;&nbsp; la stratégie Facebook, tout gardez tout simple.&nbsp; Je ne connais personne qui fait des gros chiffres.&nbsp;&nbsp; euh qui ont des choses complexes. Tout le monde&nbsp; a un site très simple, des offres très simples,&nbsp;&nbsp; même des fois des créatifs très simples euh&nbsp; parce qu'en fait c'est pas le fait de de&nbsp;&nbsp; complexifier les choses parce que oui, des fois&nbsp; ou le site il est beau, wou le gars il a fait c,&nbsp;&nbsp; il a fait ça mais en réalité c'est de la perte de&nbsp; temps et généralement ça convertit moins bien que&nbsp;&nbsp; des choses simples et itérer intelligemment. Euh&nbsp; donc comme je l'ai mis et je vous l'ai déjà dit,&nbsp;&nbsp; suivez une seule stratégie jusqu'au bout. Euh&nbsp; c'est pas en changeant tous les jours que vous&nbsp;&nbsp; allez chiffrer. Euh c'est la méthode que j'utilise&nbsp; et euh tous ceux que je connais qui font des gros&nbsp;&nbsp; chiffres utilisent aussi cette stratégie là. C'est&nbsp; la plus simple, c'est celle qui est évidente. Même&nbsp;&nbsp; les grosses brands l'utilisent. J'ai juste des&nbsp; grosses brands, c'est ce qu'ils utilisent aussi.&nbsp;&nbsp; Euh maintenant avant ils utilisaient beaucoup,&nbsp; ils avaient beaucoup de campagnes et cetera.&nbsp;&nbsp; Maintenant ils sont revenus aussi avec pas&nbsp; beaucoup de campagnes et cetera. Évidemment&nbsp;&nbsp; quand vous scalez, vous allez avoir de plus en&nbsp; plus de campagnes, c'est normal parce que vous&nbsp;&nbsp; allez lancer d'autres produits et cetera. Euh&nbsp; et pour tous ceux qui sont intéressés également,&nbsp;&nbsp; j'ai déjà donné du coup toute ma stratégie dans la&nbsp; formation du Lab. Euh donc voilà, cette vidéo là,&nbsp;&nbsp; c'était vraiment un support pour vous montrer&nbsp; vraiment vous donner vraiment toute ma vision,&nbsp;&nbsp; toute ma stratégie, vous savez tout de Z.&nbsp; Et euh dans le LAAB, du coup, j'ai euh été&nbsp;&nbsp; beaucoup plus loin où j'ai vraiment montré euh&nbsp; voilà, je suis pas payé pour vous parler de ça,&nbsp;&nbsp; c'est juste que j'ai fait un module dans cette&nbsp; formation là et c'est une très bonne formation&nbsp;&nbsp; pour ceux qui débutent. euh et je montre vraiment&nbsp; tout, comment mettre en place et cetera avec&nbsp;&nbsp; vraiment un partage d'écran sur Facebook. Euh ce&nbsp; que je n'ai pas fait dans cette vidéo parce que&nbsp;&nbsp; ça prendrait beaucoup trop de temps euh parce&nbsp; que c'est plusieurs heures de vidéos et euh&nbsp;&nbsp; et du coup voilà euh j'ai pas forcément voilà,&nbsp; j'ai pas le lien ni rien. Euh bon, j'ai écris&nbsp;&nbsp; juste une recommandation honnête mais euh vraiment&nbsp; vraiment c'est une recommandation de voilà si vous&nbsp;&nbsp; voulez aller voir, vous allez voir. Euh c'est&nbsp; une formation payante évidemment. Euh voilà,&nbsp;&nbsp; moi dans tous les cas, j'ai pas de lien filé, j'ai&nbsp; rien, mais si vous voulez aller voir le module,&nbsp;&nbsp; c'est dedans. Euh et surtout, c'est pas une&nbsp; formation qui va vous expliquer uniquement la&nbsp;&nbsp; stratégie Facebook. Donc voilà, c'était du coup&nbsp; la première vidéo du coup j'ai expliqué toute ma&nbsp;&nbsp; stratégie Facebook. Hésite pas à t'abonner à&nbsp; la chaîne parce que je vais faire pas mal de&nbsp;&nbsp; vidéos. Donc ça sera souvent des vidéos beaucoup&nbsp; plus courtes que celle-ci d'ailleurs où je vais&nbsp;&nbsp; vous expliquer pas mal de tips, pas mal de tips,&nbsp; pas mal de de choses en fait que ce soit même sur&nbsp;&nbsp; l'IA, Cloud Code et cetera. Donc vraiment&nbsp; hésitez pas à follow et et en commentaire,&nbsp;&nbsp; je compte sur vous aussi pour me donner voilà&nbsp; me poser des questions et cetera et peut-être&nbsp;&nbsp; que j'en ferai aussi également des vidéos si ça&nbsp; vous intéresse. Voilà. Voilà, à la prochaine.

  Top Comments:
  1. @rayann.l44 [1 likes]: Hello, merci pour la vidéo j'ai vraiment aimé !

J'avais une question quant aux différentes créatives dans un même adset.
Si on a 2 créatives similaires mais au niveau des couleurs et polices elles sont différentes pour cibler 2 personas différents (exemple : une crea rose et police fine, et une bleue marine et police plus adaptée pour les hommes car ils pourraient ne pas se sentir concerné avec a première), est-ce à mettre dans le même adset où 2 adset différents ?

Merci beaucoup ! Hâte de voir de prochaines vidéos !
  2. @Kahel-Ecom [1 likes]: First !
  3. @SecretSpilak12: Scaling
  4. @mathis3961: 🐐
  5. @DavidYebga: 🙏🏿✌🏿🧘🏿
  6. @sofianlakhdar8628: On attendais ton retour impatiemment ! 💪🏽
Quelques questions :
-Tu donne des nb de créas max selon le budget, tu es donc team « dilution du budget » ou c’est plus indicatif pour pa bosser plus que necessaire ?
-Tu penses quoi de faire un adset par batch ? 
Merci pour la value
  7. @davopog: 🔥🔥
  8. @yvane_grvl: Le goat
  9. @itsguilhem: Le boss de Meta a parlé 🔥
  10. @Offshore16: Le goaaat
  11. @9wolex: 🔥🔥🔥
  12. @adriftaktik: C’est fort
  13. @papisvcre: C’est fort ce truc 🙂‍↕️

- Facebook ads sales campaign strategy 2026 Andromeda Style: Kind: captions Language: en It's January 2026 and the new update on Meda Ads by the name of Andromeda has troubled a lot of people, including many marketers, many e-commerce, many business owners. I don't understand that when any person learns Meta Ads, when he knows the basics, then there is no such big rocket science here due to which people are getting troubled. Ok? It is very simple. All the people who have followed my channel , all the people who have seen my old videos, which means my videos which are about one and a half or two years old, if you see them, then I have explained its session very clearly in them since then. So there is nothing to worry about. Now one major issue that people are facing is that the results are not coming. Results are not coming consistently. One day people say sales come in, the next day they don't. She comes on the third day. She does not come again on the fourth day. They come in large numbers on the fifth or sixth day. Then it becomes completely dead. Now look, if you look at this process and if you understand it and if you follow your stats. Now look, the thing is the same that if there is a person who just wants to put up or run an ad, then anyone can do that, but there is a huge difference between understanding that topic, that field and doing it after understanding it. If you understand meta ads, if you understand its process then obviously you will know how to read your stats. Now strategies and all these other things are very different things. Ok ? But what is basic is basic. When you know how to read stats, you simply have to look at the stats and your answer is present within those stats. You will come to know that those stats will tell you why you are not getting results now and what you have to do next. Now today in this video I am going to discuss this topic in detail. I am going to tell you guys what the issues can be and what are its simple solutions. Meaning, these are very simple sessions. Ok? This is not rocket science. It is it is simply a process. Ok? Then the rest of the strategies and all those things are another advanced thing in which you have to create some such things. You have to create your ads by following some such processes and methods which help you in scaling. Or positioning you differently within a market. Ok? Or those are very different things in giving you an edge. But getting results from Meta Ads is not rocket science at all. And there is nothing so complicated about it. Now if you simply do n't watch my video, don't watch anyone else's video. You simply go and take the help of the Meta Ads platform. You can go there and search. So there Meta has officially told you in detail what the update is and what are the things in it that you have to follow, you will easily start getting results from it. But now there are some things that people are holding back and this is where advanced marketers come in handy to crack it. We find a solution to it and take it forward. Ok? Now its solution is very simple. Look, what is happening is that the update is simply doing this that now you should see that whenever you run any ad, even if you run an awareness campaign. Even if you run an engagement campaign, you run a leads campaign. You will notice that the frequency of your ads will now be increasing very quickly. Ok? Your ads may be stuck within the same audience. About 1.5 years ago, I had said that now Meta Ads has started giving you multiple options. Where you have the biggest tool called frequency cap. Ok? You can set your target frequency there. You can set the cap. Which is an advanced thing using which you can optimize your ads in a better way. And you can use them so that your ads don't start getting stuck within the same audience and you can take it towards scaling. You take it forward. Ok? Now the issue is that Meta Ad gives every person the opportunity to scale their ads. Now at this time it is very important from 2026 onwards that as soon as you get the opportunity, you scale it. You should not leave it at the same level. Now let me start a little bit from the beginning and tell you that there are some things which you have to start doing very frequently now. Ok? I had told this about one and a half to two years ago also. Now I am repeating it again. Ok? This is nothing new. I have already told this long ago. You have to keep testing more and more creatives. And don't just do that you have to test creatives in the face of testing. You have to keep testing your creatives at every level. And this is what I am saying, I had told this one and a half to two years ago also that your testing never stops. It never stops. You always have to test creatives, your ad copies, your call to actions, your hooks, your body, which is your scripts. You have to keep testing everything all the time. Because you never know when an ad becomes saturated and when it stops working. Because the thing that's happening right now in 2026 and onwards is that it's become much easier to create content. Due to AI, a huge flood of content has started. Now you will see that many AI ads will be coming in front of you on daily basis. It has created a huge problem that many people have used it as an advantage. Obviously, if they were smart marketers, they would have seen those loops. They have started using it. They started throwing a lot of content. Now, when this creates some movement in the market, then you have to adjust yourself to it. So now what you have to do is continuously test your creatives. And you have to continuously throw out creatives. Ok? Every time I come across ads, it is recommended that you set two to three creatives on a weekly basis, which are your basic six to ten creatives. Then from that you get winning creatives. When you have winning creatives, you get results. So now you have to continuously keep throwing more creatives along with it. Ok? You have to add at least one to two creatives in your campaign on a weekly basis. These problems of yours will start getting solved. Ok? You will start getting those results on a consistent basis. But along with creatives, it is also important that you are now using your ad copies. You are refreshing that too. Ok? Then in that you have, as I have always told you, you can put up to five ad copies, up to five headlines. Use all of them. The more content you have , the more scripts you have , the more ad copies, calls to actions, hooks you have. Ok ? And we have to set that according to the ad. Ok? The better the results you will get. So if you start focusing on this thing only and start testing the content more, then most of your problems will start getting solved at this place. Then after this many more issues are arising in it. Inshallah I am going to talk about them in the next video. So I hope this was a helpful video for all of you guys. Don't forget to like, don't forget to subscribe. See you in the next one.

  Top Comments:
  1. @daniyalkhandk100: Yr bro video quality achi karo bht andhaira araha h
  2. @AamirBaloch-jq3xc: sir apka Meta ads per koi paid course he? maine apply karn h🙏
  3. @HerbalstoreSmart: Sir please na ek course proper structure KY Sath ek video bnaden bs please
  4. @FahadMalik-o6u: Sir,
Zarak Khan mny 3 Month apka wait kia shayad muje opportunuity mily gi
apny kha tha mein comment mein 1 student pick kron ga osay sekhao jo already kam kar rha ha 
Sir mein 3 Years say kam kr rha lakin mein strong marketer ban na chata hon apki trh ka mind set ka sath can i join you plz If possible 
Waiting Your Reply

- Meta Andromeda Update: Step By Step Masterclass 🔥: Kind: captions Language: en Meta released an update at the end of 2024 that is now being talked about a lot in 2025. Well, this update was not a small update. This was a major update that completely changed how Meta Ads accounts function. Infact functioning changed. What AIDS looks like has changed. And this topic is so important that everyone is talking about it today. This update is very important for anyone involved in the meta ads industry. Yes, I'm talking about Meta's Andromeda update. Now you must be hearing this at many places. Android update has this, Android update has that. There are so many things happening in Android updates. But let's clear this confusion. So in this video we will know what is Android update? How it affects your Meta Ads account and how you can use it to improve your ad performance. And trust me, the information you are going to get in this video, you would not have got it anywhere else till now. Hi My Name Is Pranav And I Have Been In The Digital Marketing Field For A Quite Long Time. And let's not waste our time, let's stop talking about this and go straight to the video. So let us first understand what is Android update? But before knowing this, we should also know what is the controversy behind it? Why are people talking about it? So basically there were two main reasons behind the arrival of Meta's Android update. The first reason was the introduction of JI. Now basically Zen AI is a group of AI features that Meta has introduced. You must have seen it in different forms. For example, targeting has now become AI based targeting. You can also create descriptions, headers, and primary text using AI. Advantage Plus campaign is becoming very prevalent these days. All these features were included in Zen AI. What this does is that you have a much greater possibility of launching ad creatives. Your imagination is the limit. You can make as many combinations as you want. The place where you have to set the placement. You can set different placements. So, a user got so many options while setting his ad, but the old algorithm of Meta was not able to handle so many ads. Here he used to get confused as to which user should this ad be sent to. For which user will this ad be best? Let us understand this through some examples. So if I created an ad campaign. In this I added five ad creatives inside one ad set. So now in these five ad creators I will put different primary text. Now I'm going to add at least five primary texts, five headers, and five descriptions. Now think about the possibilities that arise if these five ad creatives have five different combinations of music. It is basically infinite. And the point here is that you were not launching the only ad. How many ad accounts with you used to launch different ad creatives at the same time. Now, while budding and showing ads, the old algorithm of Meta used to get confused as to which ad should be shown to which user. To address this problem, Meta launched this Andromeda update. After which, now Meta's algorithm is so capable that it tests out your different ad creatives and after finding the right audience, it also shows your ads. Also there is a small update that Meta says has fixed it. But we don't know, this problem is still occurring in some ad accounts. That was, Meta suggested that you add a maximum of five to six ad creatives within an ad set, which Meta could then test out. So, earlier the problem was that Meta's algorithm would test out a maximum of two or three ad creatives. Ad spend was put on that and it was possible that there would be no ad spend on your remaining three or two ad creatives out of five. So this problem which used to happen earlier, due to this all your ad creatives could not be tested out. But now Meta claims that this problem has been fixed. You can test out up to 50 ad creatives within one adset. And it is also being said that the relevance of your 50 ad creatives has become 10,000 times better after this update. The second main reason behind bringing this update was the audience journey factor. What is an audience journey basically ? Let me explain it to you through an example. So suppose if you are a bike enthusiast, you have a lot of interest in bikes and you are scrolling through the reel, then Meta might have shown you an ad for a helmet. Now you liked that helmet and you also purchased it. So Meta's algorithm would add it to your interest and if you scrolled the reel next time, you would see the helmet ad only. Now it is a simple thing that if a person buys a helmet then he will not buy another helmet. This was the problem with Meta's old algorithm. His logic was unable to grasp what the next need of the audience was. This is what the Andromeda update has fixed, which we now call Audience Journey. So basically what does an audience journey consist of ? You can understand it like this that now you are interested in bikes and you bought a helmet after seeing the ad. So Meta's new algorithm will assume what the next thing is that you might be interested in. So it is possible that the next ad you see may be for some accessory. Suppose you will see an ad for a jacket. Now if you are interested in jacket then you can also buy the jacket. Suppose if you skip the jacket also, you will start getting ads for bikes, gear or some other accessories. Basically, you will now be targeted in such a way that you see ads relevant to your product, which the user easily buys and that ad is also relevant to it. So the Andromeda update of these essence metas is an improvement or fix to the logic and reasoning of the meta's algorithms. You might have noticed yourself that when you are scrolling the reel, nowadays you might be getting very relevant ads. So the reason for this relevance is that Meta's AI has now become so data-driven that it shows ad creatives to a particular audience based on their interests. So basically, Meta is focusing more on user experience with this Android update. So you can understand it like this that earlier when this update was not there, whatever ad creative you launched, it used to reach your particular user whom you were targeting. But this doesn't happen anymore because Meta wants users to see relevant ads that can actually drive conversions or sales. That's why Meta is trying to do the part of audience targeting from its own end. So earlier when you used to set a target audience specifically. Used to put complete details in it. They used to show their ads by niche targeting. Now it does not work like that because after the Android update of Meta, Meta itself suggests you to leave the targeting part to us. Now move towards broad targeting. And avoid narrow targeting a bit so that Meta gets a chance to test your ad creatives and deliver your ads to relevant people and this is a right thing and a correct thing too because if relevant ads reach people then more sales come because the person who needs your product will buy it quickly as compared to the person who is seeing your ad without any reason. So now somewhere you should understand that your ad creative matters more than your ad targeting and back end work. How convincing is your ad. He is so relatable. How much more creative and unique it is that it can connect with the audience. The audience stops and engages with your ad. Meta 's new algorithm tests all these factors to see which ad best fits a user's needs. So this is a big reason why the performance of many ad accounts has gone down because they did not put much effort into their ad creative and when you do not put much effort into your ad creative then the new Andromeda update of Meta does not push your ad. Now how can we fix this problem ? Basically, if we want to improve the performance of our ad account, if we want to use this Andrometa update of Meta to our advantage, then we have to keep four key points in mind which are diversification, not visually same, landing in the funnel and then at the end messaging. Basically, in the Andromeda update, Meta had said that the entire Meta will try to handle the grouping segmenting portion from its end. So how will he do this now? Understanding this is very interesting and also very important. Basically, what you write in your ad creative within the primary text [music] is who is this useful for? Who is this going to? Who will this be helpful to? Your ad is also segmented based on that text through meta meta. Apart from that, what is being said in your ads ? How engaging are your ads? How long are people stopping to watch your ad? Meta considers all these factors to show your ads. So that is why these four points become very important. So the first point comes about ad diversification. Basically, you should understand it like this that one type of ad will not work for long now. Now there should be diversity in your ad. For example, if you post a reel ad, then try to make your next ad a casual ad. It may be a different type of ad or its theme may be slightly different. Maybe you can put in an ASMR ad. You put the founding ad. You can show your ad in some other way. The more ad viewers you have. The more different types of ads you include in your ad set, the more chances there are of meta testing your ad with the audience and then the chances of increasing your sales also increase significantly. Now the second point is that it is not visually same. Not Visually Same simply means that your ads should not look alike. Now suppose you shoot a reel, suppose you have an e-commerce brand and your product is clothes. So if you sell a kurti set and you are getting the ad of that same kurti set done with the same model at the same place in four ways, that is, with different scripts, then Meta will detect it very easily. It will put it in one category so that your other ads will not be visible. Only one ad will be promoted the most among all those ads. The easiest way to solve this problem is to shoot your ads at different places. Maybe the scripting is a little different and the background is also different. If you want, you can change your model. Like there are different options many possibilities. All you have to do is make sure that your ads don't look or sound the same so that the Meta algorithm doesn't put them in the same category. So if your ads look different , are of different type, then automatically they will be promoted more while budding. So you just have to keep in mind that your ads should not look the same. All ads should be unique and should look a little different somewhere. You have to keep all these primary texts different. Along with this, the content of your ad should also be a little different. Now let us come to the third part which is the funnel. Basically, Meta will also try to do the funneling work from its end. Now the point is that earlier when we used to create ad sets, we used to create ad sets on our own with the intention that these ads would be used for the bottom of the funnel. These will be ad usages for the top of the funnel and these will be ad usages for the middle of the funnel. Basically, this means which ads should be shown to those who are just seeing your product. Which ads should be shown to those who are even slightly interested in your product and who know about your product or brand, and which ads should be shown to those who are ultimately going to buy your product or have already bought it, we call this a funnel. And we used to set this funnel ourselves from our end. But now after the Android update, you do not need to do this. But you definitely need to add all your ad creatives in one ad set. Whether it's for the bottom of the funnel, the middle of the funnel , the top of the funnel. And now one ad won't do. What used to happen earlier was that you would put a single ad before the endometa update came. The same thing was being shown to any audience at the top of the funnel, middle of the funnel, bottom of the funnel. But this does not happen now. Now the changes have come. Now you will have to create different ads for every type of audience. And if you want, the convenience is that you can put it inside the same ad set. When you add this to an ad set, Meta's new algorithm automatically decides which ad to show to which type of audience. So if your ad is suitable for the top of the funnel audience then Meta will show that ad to them. If Meta finds an ad suitable for the bottom of the funnel, it will show that ad. So basically the funneling work that you used to do to entertain and convert the audience, now Meta will try to do that work from its end after this update. So let's come to the fourth part which is messaging. Basically you have to understand that the message of your ad should be very clear. In the end, whatever ads you have for your product, whatever ads you are running in the campaign, their message should be kind of connected. Should be kind of clear. Because I understand this simply through examples. Suppose if you created three types of ad creatives, then it is possible that in the first ad creative you may have pitched your offer that my product is available for so many rupees. Now in the second ad creative, you start telling more things about your brand along with the offer. You started telling that more product ranges are available with us. So what happens is that the algorithm of Meta gets a little confused that both these ads are different. So how do I show these to the same group and the same target audience? So the nurtured audience that Meta has planned for you is the one to whom I will show its products and this can lead to sales. Meta ads are not shown there. He gets confused. So you have to keep in mind that whenever you are creating ad creatives, their end message should be the same. Meaning, if you pitch an offer for any product, then even if your ad is different and it should be different, the end message on your ad should be about the offer only. Even if you add anything before that, like this is there, that is there, there are so many features. But those features and all those products and messages should also be relevant to your ad. So you have to keep this in mind while messaging. Because it has a simple logic. When you use different messaging in the ad creative or write it inside the primary text description, the meta gets confused as to where it should be grouped. If we think from the algorithm's point of view, the grouping itself becomes different. Plus our target audience will also get confused as to what the Meta has curated for you, what is it pitching for? An offer is being given , a discount is being given or some other product is being discussed. To remove all this confusion, keep your messaging clear. So like I said before, the funneling part is now handled by the meta. But you create ad creatives for him on your own so that Meta can use these ad creatives for the top of the funnel. Use this one for the middle and this one for the bottom. So, you need to make sure that whatever meta ad creatives you create for the top and the funnel have the same messaging. Have your own beans for the middle and beans for the bottom. These three should not clash with each other. But the messages of these three categories should be same so that their grouping is done properly and the meta can do the targeting as per its requirement. So I hope you have understood in detail what the Android update of Meta basically is? How it works and how you can improve your AIDS. More videos will come on this. This topic is very interesting and vast. And if you liked this video then do like it and if you have any doubts or queries then do tell us in the comments. And what differences have you seen in your ad account with Meta's Andromata update? What problem did you face? Did your aids get better? Please let us know in the comments. And yes, please suggest us the next topic on which we should make a video? And don't forget to subscribe to Marketin to watch such interesting videos.

  Top Comments:
  1. @PremS-s4d [1 likes]: Nice Information 👌👍
  2. @MDV_Explore [1 likes]: Informative ✨

- New Meta Andromeda Update Is Killing Facebook Ads ROAS (Do This ASAP): Kind: captions Language: en Everybody is talking about Facebook's new Andromeda update because it is killing return on ad spends across the board. So, if your ads have been struggling recently, today I'm going to show you exactly what this update means for you, why it's been so bad for certain advertisers, and most importantly, I'm going to break down how you can actually fix it. So, first things first, this update has changed a lot of how the algorithm functions, how ads are delivered to the right people at the right time, at the right place, and ultimately is one of the biggest algorithmic changes that we've seen since 2021. What I want to start with is an actual look at the white paper. Now, I'm not going to read this word for word. I'm just going to highlight the two to three things in here that everybody needs to know. Now, right off the bat, the first thing you need to understand is that this post came out on December 2nd of 2024. And even though this officially hit all accounts just about 30 days ago, it was actually rolled out incrementally to different accounts. And on top of just different accounts, it was rolled out to Advantage Plus campaigns versus non-advantage plus campaigns and audiences. So this white paper is completely public. I'll make sure we pin it down in the description. You could also just search Meta Andromeda and it's the first thing that's going to come up. So the first part that's really important for us to understand is why did they even build Andromeda? Because you need to know how they built it before you could actually find the solution to what you need to do. So in this case, they're addressing their challenges and opportunities in this new era of advertising automation with generative AI. Now, big tip here, this is something that's not released publicly. I was just at a Meta conference and they are pushing this generative AI approach very hard. I believe it's the thing they're going to stand on the most in 2026 and beyond. So in the white paper they're evaluating two main problems. The volume of ad candidates being a problem and then the tight latency of constraints. Now what does this even mean? The really short version of this is that the volume of ad candidates is what ads apply to a specific person? So of the thousands of advertisers out there, who deserves to get my impression? Who deserves to get my view? The next piece is the tight latency of constraints. This means that there's a very short time window for when my ad can be delivered to the right person at the right time. So with these two bullet points, what they're alluding to is that more creative volume is necessary. We need to have more active ads than ever before. Now, as we dig further into this white paper, you can see that there's a huge investment that Meta is taking and they're actually using very clear words like high return on investment. They really want to show that they are putting a lot into this to get the best ROI for advertisers and that while even though Facebook's getting more competitive, updates like this should make the platform even better. Now, the key thing you need to understand about Andromeda and why it is so different is in short, it is matching the ad creative at the right time to an individual. We are no longer in the audience sector of matching. This has completely completely shifted. Now, there are some caveats here which I'm going to break down, but what you should read here is very important. Meta's new personalized ads retrieval paradigm. Before Andromeda, Meta's retrieval systems were only able to apply limited personalization. They relied on isolated model stages and numerous rule-based heruristics to manage a vast number of ads. And the big difference with Andromeda is it is able to efficiently scale retrieval models by designing a highly customized deep neural network. Let me just say that in very simple terms. It can do what old meta cannot do. It can match onetoone right time, right place. That is a massive update. And now we need to make sure our structure and strategy is adapting to exactly what Andromeda is allowing us to do. So now that we've gone through the white paper, some of the key issues that they're tackling with Andromeda, you need to understand something that's actually been going on in the background in many, many ad accounts, if not all ad accounts over the last four to 5 months. I mentioned at the beginning that the white paper I just went through released in December of 2024. So they have been working on this obviously for a long time. They've been rolling it out for the course of the entire year. And now in this case, how has Andromeda already applied into ad accounts? From my understanding, from the whispers of Facebook and from basically everyone in our community, I've grown to understand that the advantage plus algorithm is the Andromeda algorithm. And prior to the full sweep of Andromeda, where it is everywhere now, any audience that had advantage plus on was using the Andromeda algorithm. In previous setups of days, even 6 months ago, this was known as ASC, right? Classic ASC uncontrollable campaigns. Now I have generally pushed to use manual campaigns in many cases which are now using the Andromeda algorithm. But if you had or were using anything with advantage plus on that would indicate you are actually using that Andromeda algorithm. There's a good chance you've been running this already. And if you've been using manual everything then you're swapped over to it. Now just so I'm super super clear. If your audience looks like this where we have advantage plus on and in many cases we are not clicking further limit the reach of your ads then you were already running on the Andromeda algorithm. If you were selecting further limit the reach of my ads and you had advantage plus up here off then you were not on the Andromeda algorithm. This is a very key distinction so you could see if you were forcefully swapped over or if you were manually swapped over. Let's talk about solutions here. How on earth do we fix this? How do we approach ads now with this new update where basically everything was ripped from under us? Okay, it is actually really simple. There is one core concept and two mechanisms that we need to apply. The core concept is we need to give everything a shot and we need to have volume of giving everything a shot. So when I say give everything a shot, I mean every single ad that gets uploaded needs to have an equal opportunity to actually spend. Now, what that means is we can't have any heavy restrictions in our ad account that we may have had previously. That means is completely completely dead because as we just read in that white paper, it has never been a better time to allow all of your ads to have a shot at serving to an individual. We are in an individual matching system. So, if you are grouping things together and restricting those things together with specific budgets or even worse, forcing budgets on ads that don't deserve spend, then Meta is going to have a harder time matching the right person to your ad. And in many cases, you will get lower ad rank, higher CPCs, higher CPMs, and of course, a worse ROI. What do we do? First, let's talk structure. I have shared this exact structure for the last year and it's almost like I had a feeling this was coming. It's almost like I've done some of my research. This exact structure where we are focused on a scale campaign, a prospecting campaign, which is the most important part of this, a retargeting, and a retention campaign. Those are all still critical. Now, let me just get the easy ones out of the way. Your retargeting campaign and your retention campaign. This is where you're hitting your engaged and existing customers. Andromeda does not apply as hard here. And the reason is very simple. That is a very tight group of customers that you are specifically targeting and you are okay with forcing spend on that group. Where Andromeda is going to have the most value is for acquiring net new customers for your business so you can actually scale. So what we want to focus on specifically is the prospecting campaign. Now the prospecting campaign is the campaign that we are launching individual broad packs every single time we upload new creatives. So the workflow here is very straightforward. We run a single prospecting campaign on a CBO structure. The reason the CBO structure works here more than ever is because Andromeda is built in a way where it needs to have the flexibility to spend the cash on whatever is working the best or wherever it can match the most relevant ad to the right person. The next piece and the rest of this is essentially organizational pieces. It's still very important to have organization in the ad account because it's no longer about breaking things out and setting budgets. It's way more about making sure you're understanding what packs apply where, when packs need to be paused or restarted, and even making sure you're limiting the learning phase of many, many, many packs that you may launch. Each of these packs that we've been running for over a year now with this exact setup host anywhere from one creative to as many creatives as you need, but you only launch those on a specific day. So, if I have ads ready today, they get launched in a pack. If I have ads ready by the end of this week, then they get launched in a new pack, right? And you can see here, I like to date my packs. So, if this was the first day of the year, I'd say broadpack one. If this was the 15th day of the year, I'd say broadpack number two. Okay? So, when we build this core system, which we have right here, this exact core system that I have on my screen right here, we're going to have a lot of ads, which is very, very important. We want to have creative diversity. We need to have creative diversity so that Andromeda could show the best ads to the best people at the right time. That time factor only comes into play if you go wide. Meaning you run CBO, campaign budget optimization, and you don't have a dozen different campaigns in your ad account. So, if your ad account has 20 different campaigns in it, all active, all with little individual budgets, you are going to get crushed because you are essentially force-feeding this massive algorithm that is meant to do the exact opposite thing. That is meant to work slowly and allow the best ads to get served to the best people at the best time. That is the key. Now, for loyal listeners out there, I know you want to talk about the graduation process. The graduation process remains the same. You do two things in graduation. Graduation is just a place to host your best of your best of your best ads. You should really only do this when you're at least spending $10,000 per month. Otherwise, just ignore this step completely and just continue to run broad in interest packs. When you graduate, you do two things. First, you take your best of your best ads and you graduate them into a scale campaign. So, you take that ad. I'll show you in ads manager right here. You take your ads from prospecting that are the best of the best. You duplicate them and you push them into the scale campaign. The second thing that you do is you take that same top performing ad. So let's say it was creative number five was our top performing ad and we graduate that into an interest adet. Now the reason we push this into an interest ad set is because we want that hyperco competitive environment that allows Andromeda to spend money where it's most likely to make money back. And we want to target lightly with interest groups. The key of interest groups is that they expand the broad audience. So, if you look at your broad audiences, you'll notice that you might only reach 10,000, 20,000 people, 100,000 people, 200,000 people, but you're not anywhere near the 150 million people that you could be targeting. And what often happens is you get stuck. My broad audience can only reach this many people. And maybe you could push it really hard, but it gets higher and higher in cost. So, when you run interests that are successful with your best ads, your broad audience actually finds new pockets of potential success and therefore expands over time. This is a very important concept that basically everyone needs to understand. By the way, if an update like this is absolutely blowing your mind, then go to the moonlighters.com/apply to actually see if you're fit to work with us so that you can be months and months ahead of this, right? We want to be at the cutting edge of any update that's happening because days and days of waiting to apply the right structure, strategy, system, and actually have hands-on help could cost thousands of dollars. That said, this Andromeda update is a huge one. And if you want to go into way more detail about the structure that I just detailed out, then click this video right here where I break down my exact structure in extreme detail, probably five times as long as you just heard, so you can understand exactly what campaigns, adets, and even ads to set up. Don't forget to triple down on your creative volume right now. It has never been more important, especially as we head into the fourth quarter. And lastly, if you got value out of this video, let me know in the comments below.

  Top Comments:
  1. @smm.ticher_uz [17 likes]: This video really captures the challenges we’re facing! Using Rumora has made it easier for me to engage authentically in these discussions.
  2. @FurkanSaygin-cu9rd [2 likes]: Well, I tried this approach, but it’s not working on my end. I’m only seeing problems: ad overload doesn’t lead to better results, it just fragments delivery and makes analysis messy. Now I’m sitting on hundreds of ads with no clear learnings, and costs are rising for no real gain. We should consolidate (fewer, stronger creatives) instead of spraying budget across endless variants.
  3. @MarcusGreene-rq7wd [1 likes]: Thank you for creating the video - likes Unequivocally !!!!
  4. @SamPiliero: 👉 Work with me and my team: go.themoonlighters.com/apply-l100
👉 Join my coaching program: go.themoonlighters.com/skool-l100
  5. @carlylayton6719: **cries in managing clients with multiple product streams with separate departments/budgets requiring multiple of their own campaigns but all within the same ad account *
  6. @BarbaraHaratyk-u2t: GREAT VIDEO, AS ALWAYS 👍just a quick one, there are so many different opinions on a new account, how many ads in 1 ad campaign and how many campaigns and why?
  7. @alexthiago1556: No.
Andromeda does not depend on Advantage+.
Even if you do NOT use Advantage+, your account may already be fully within the Andromeda system.
  8. @wurfbehaviour: I'm more then confident to say that ad account or campaign structure does not matter that much. I have seen more than enough accounts with 1 campaign doing extremely well. That includes small budget accounts as well as high spending 100k+ monthly accounts. The most important thing nowadays is creatives. Fix that and everything else will be fine.
  9. @yinnshengng7837: I have 4 questions:
1) When do we decide or what are the indicators that tell us to stop the broad ad pack ad set?
2) Just because someone watched video for 3s or clicked and engaged with single ad, this does not necessary mean that shows high intent - is this really best to exclude them completely from prospecting campaign?
3) In your pov, does bid cap/cost cap still useful today?
4) In scaling fastest horse tactic, how did you scale budget on specific day of week, age, location since all are within single broad ad set?

Thank you.
  10. @MrBJP123-v4e: my question is : isn't it better to go back again into manually setup the targetting? 

since andromeda trying to control directly and we cannot know which targets it choose for our ads. or am i wrong in this part?
  11. @Tryitall992: Been getting ton of messages from blank profiles. Help😮!
  12. @zahreddinesoualem3213: What you’re saying here is that I should take the best ads from all the ad sets and put them into the scaling campaign and/or the interest ad set at the same time? is that correct?
Another quick question: you mentioned duplicating the winning ad set and pushing it into the scaling campaign. What exactly do you mean by that? Is there a way to move an ad from one campaign to another without losing the data gathered during the testing phase?
  13. @saintsrulz: Our ROAS is actually high as fuck rn
  14. @alamshaukat2: This video really captures the challenges we’re facing! Using Rumora has made it easier for me to engage authentically in these discussions.
  15. @apolonsanya1831: This video really captures the challenges we’re facing! Using Rumora has made it easier for me to engage authentically in these discussions.
  16. @SultanSultan-n3e4o: wow my ads are tanking, thanks for the heads up
  17. @OmarKmal-vb7yu: seriously this makes so much sense now
  18. @rangamatitv7752: def gonna check this out asap
  19. @dilyorbekyusupov8012: this is wild, i had no idea
  20. @rum247tv.gh_Tv: man i need to step up my game

- Meta advertisers, we've got a TESTING problem. Here's the fix...: Kind: captions Language: en I bet you've run into this problem with your Meta ads. So you've created a bunch of new ads making sure to include creative diversity, which Meta tells us is really important nowadays. You put those ads into an ad set, and then Meta just spends all of your budget or nearly all of your budget on one [music] ad creative. That's a problem, and then in this video, I'm going to show you how to fix it. So now that the Andromeda update has been rolled out to most Meta ad accounts, we know that we need more ad creative and that we need more creative diversity. What we mean by that is different types of ad. Meta wants you to create ads using different ad formats like a static image versus video, for example. And then even within your video, they don't just want you to create variations of the same ad. They want you to create ads that have a different feel, a different style. So could be UGC, could be a testimonial base, could be a demonstration of your product or service, could be a founder-led video. So different things to help keep things fresh, but also to take advantage of what Andromeda is able to do, which is identify that for this prospect in your target audience, this type of ad is likely to perform best for them. With this other prospect, a different type of ad is likely to perform best if we put it in front of them. And Andromeda also allows uh Meta to put people through ad sequences. So maybe we start with a demonstration of how your product or service works, and then after that we use a a UGC-style ad to try and help get the conversion once they're already familiar with how it works uh to be able to sequence in that way. So a lot of advertisers are creating, say, 20 ads in an ad set, and that's something that we certainly recommend. And that all sounds good and does work well when Meta does actually distribute the budget across your different ad creative to be able to do those sorts of things, but that's obviously not happening when Meta is just putting all or nearly all of your budget into one ad or a couple of ads thinking, "Well, I'm not taking advantage of what Andromeda is able to do." And even more than that, even if that is your best performing ad, it does make sense in the short term for Meta to be putting all your ad spend into that one ad, it's going to fatigue. You are going to see that the performance of that ad inevitably drop off at some point as more and more of your audience have seen it, and they've either taken action on it or they just got used to it, and now they ignore it going forward. So you absolutely do need Meta to spend money on new ad creatives. Number of different ways that we can address that, and that's what I want to run through in this video. So how do we solve this problem? Well, I think there are four options, four potential solutions, and the one you choose will depend on your circumstances, the type of campaigns you're running. I'll run through what the the four options are and the criteria of when you do and don't want to use each, okay? So option number one, potential solution number one, is just to do nothing. Just to accept it, which might sound kind of weird given what I've just described about the issues around uh letting Meta spend all your budget on a one one ad creative or a couple of ad creatives. But I think there are scenarios where that is absolutely the best option. So firstly, if you've got a time-sensitive campaign, you're running a Black Friday sale or a Christmas sale or something seasonal, something that you know this campaign is going to come to an end in the short term in in in the near future, you don't really need to worry about that campaign, that ad fatiguing, performance dropping off over time, testing other ad creatives because the time frame just means actually you probably want to plow all your budget into the best-performing ad creative. It's a short-term thing, let's make the most of it. So in that scenario, I would most likely do nothing. Now, if this is a sale that you regularly run, like you say it's timely, but you know you're going to run it again in a few months and then again and then again, well, maybe in those scenarios it's more important to be able to test to work out to find ad creatives that can perform well in future iterations. Um so if you're in that scenario, then it'd be I'd be more open to some of the other options, some of the other solutions that we'll go through in a minute. But if you're running a short-term campaign, much less of a of a big deal, right? The other scenario would be if you've got a massive target audience and you're just really unlikely to fatigue for quite a long time. So how quickly do you need to jump on this? Well, if you're really niche, really small audience, you need to refresh your creative more often because you're going to get ad fatigue. Um you need to penetrate your audience more in terms of the percentage of people that notice your stuff. Different ad creative is going to speak to different people, so that really helps. But if you've got an enormous target audience and genuinely like you sell to most of the population, which some businesses do, well, again, this is much less of an issue. You're going to be able to run a campaign for much longer. Still probably going to run into issues in the long run, um but uh but that is a consideration. Also, if you're operating with a really small budget at the moment, absolutely fine to just have that have the budget be put into your best-performing creative. That'll get you the best results in the short run. That will allow you to scale, and as you scale, you may well find that Meta does distribute budget more across different ad creatives because you're spending more, looking to reach more people, Meta has more flexibility. Um and it'll also give you the the it's a reinforcing cycle, right? You get a good return on ad spend, you now have more money to invest in producing better creative, which is probably likely to lead to Meta splitting budget um across the board. Not all businesses are in that scenario, or at least they won't be in that scenario all the time. You might be at certain points and not others. But there are scenarios where you can just do nothing, and that might actually be the right way to go. Okay, so we'll get to the other options, the other potential solutions in a second, but first I want to quickly let you know about my Meta ads mentorship program, which gives you all the support you need to get the best possible results from your Facebook and Instagram ad campaigns. And included in my mentorship program is exclusive educational material that you won't find anywhere else. Unlimited one-to-one support, so you can literally ask us as many questions, send us messages, show us stuff within your ad account, anything that comes up, and we'll get back to you with tailored feedback and instructions for your specific circumstances. We also offer daily, multiple daily live calls and Q&As with both me and my expert team members. I've got team members that specialize in various areas of Meta ads. You can literally just jump on, ask them about uh how do I fix this, how do I improve this, and they'll be able to help you out as as will I. So if that sounds interesting, then go ahead and click on the link in the video description below. There you can book in a free call with one of my team members to find out more about my mentorship program, and hopefully me and you get a chance to work together directly [music] very soon. So option number two is to create a separate testing campaign. So we leave our ad creative that's getting all the spend, that's probably producing the best results, um in our existing campaign, what we'd often call our scaling or evergreen campaign. And then we would create a separate testing campaign where we put new ad creative in there, where we can control the budget, basically force Meta to spend budget on new ad creative um so that we can see how it performs, what cost per purchase does it actually generate, what cost per lead does it actually generate when we force Meta to spend on it, we can actually see and test. So when you do this, if you take this step, expect results to be worse in the short run. And that's actually true of most testing because most of the things you test, particularly if you already have stuff that's performing well, the new stuff you test won't perform as well as the existing stuff. So overall, you're going to see a drop in results. But that that con, that negative, may well be worth it if you go ahead and find, through maybe a few rounds of testing, some ad creative that can outperform your current best performers, and you can then introduce those into your scaling campaign, your evergreen campaign, and scale as the name suggests, and spend a lot more and acquire a lot more customers. So it's like a short-term hit to hopefully find some winners that can provide some real long-term gain, okay? Now, it's also not ideal to have the two campaigns running side by side. You want to be targeting the same people, everything else wants to be the same, but you're testing different creative to have a scaling and testing campaign. But again, I think the negative tivity of that can be overcome by the the wins, the potential big wins that you find from testing. It's almost like if you think about it, right, I'm willing to take a 10, 20% hit in the short run in order to potentially find an ad that performs 50% better than my current one, that allows me to spend three times as much profitably and acquire three times as many customers, grow my business, and etc. So when would we do this? When would we take this approach? Firstly, you need to have enough conversions to justify the two separate campaigns. If you don't have enough conversion volume for Meta to be able to learn properly, don't do this. So if you're generating less than 50 conversions per week, and what I mean by conversions, the conversion event you are optimizing for. So if you're optimizing for purchases as your performance goal, then that's the one that I'm talking about here, not just any conversions, right? If you're generating less than 50, don't do this. This is not the option you want to take. You want to take either the first one I do nothing or the one I'm about to get to um in a second. But if you are generating, you know, 100, 200 conversions a week or more, then absolutely fine to have the separate campaigns because Meta is going to be able to optimize those campaigns and learn with the the separate budgets. We also won't typically do this if it's a short-term campaign, like I already described. There's not much point in breaking out and testing if this thing's only going to run for a few days or even a couple of weeks, right? Okay, so option number three is to create new ads and introduce them into the same ad set. So instead of having a separate testing campaign, we're introducing them into the same ad set alongside the ones that are getting all the spend. You might want to turn off some of the ones that currently aren't getting any spend to sort of make space for them. And this is typically what Meta would recommend that we do if we if we run into this problem. Now, what I recommend if you do this is that you make sure that the new ads you create are quite different from the existing because if they're not different from the existing ones that are getting all the spend, if they're just small tweaks and variations like a different background color on an image or something like that, there's a good chance Meta won't really spend any money on these either, and then you just run into the into the same issues, right? You might also find that you need to do this multiple times in order for Meta to actually start spending some money on the new ads. If you introduce a a bunch of new creative into an ad set that's got a couple of winners and Meta keeps spending on the winners, most of the time Meta has basically analyzed your new stuff and gone, "We don't think this is going to perform better than the existing." Maybe they test it a little bit. Meta is sometimes wrong, hence why in there are scenarios where we have a separate testing campaign. But often they're not wrong. Often Meta is right. And I've seen a lot of advertisers create some new ads, introduce them into an ad set alongside winners, those ads not getting any spend, and they think, "Well, there's no point in this. I'm not going to bother producing any new stuff." That's often the wrong approach if you're going to go with this option. You want to keep going to try and find new creative that will outperform the the existing ads, and then Meta will analyze and go, "Oh, yeah, we think this is going to be a winner. We'll start putting some significant budget behind this." Also, obviously, as time goes on, this will become more and more important because you're going to run into ad fatigue with your with your existing winners. So, when would we take this option? Cuz obviously, it has similarities to the separate testing campaign. We would go with this option where we don't have enough conversion volume to justify the separate campaign where they can optimize properly. >> [snorts] >> So, if you're generating less than 50 conversions a week, you don't want to have another a separate campaign. Um this is just not going to be able to optimize properly, and neither is your current existing one going to be able to optimize fully. So, if you don't have enough of the conversion you're optimizing for, go with this option as opposed to the separate testing campaign. That might mean that testing takes longer. It might mean that less of your budget is spent on testing. but, I think that's the better overall scenario trying to balance different factors there, and you have to allow meta to optimize your campaigns properly. Um that's you know, without that, your campaigns are just not going to perform as well as they would otherwise. I'll get to option number four, which is not actually something I've talked about in a YouTube video before in a second. First, I want to quickly let you know about Hyros. Hyros is the best tracking and attribution software for meta ads. It's the software all the big players in this industry use, including myself. I use it to track results for my own ads as well as all my organic results as well. So, if someone books a call for our done-for-you services, for example, I can see exactly where that person came from with a lot of accuracy. That allows me to make better decisions for my marketing and my business. Hyros has been able to track that from our ad spend in this campaign, we generated 96,000 pounds. But, 58,000 pounds of that was not reported by meta. So, if I was just looking at my data within my meta ad account, I might come to the conclusion that this campaign is doing okay, but in reality, this campaign is doing a lot lot better. Now, this is a relatively extreme example because of the nature of our business. So, most of our products services have a recurring billing element. Meta might be able to see what we make initially from our ad spend on that initial transaction, but not those subsequent payments. That's why it it shows the importance here of being able to accurately see what did we actually get from our ad spend in order to be able to make better decisions and optimize correctly. So, if you want to improve the performance of your ad campaigns without having to touch your ads, go ahead and sign up to Hyros. There is a link in the video description. So, option number four, and a really good potential solution to this problem, is to use meta's inbuilt creative testing tool. So, let me show you how this works. I'm in an example ad account here. I'm in ads manager at the campaign window. I'm just going to go ahead and create a quick uh I'll use a leads campaign in this scenario. Um and then I'm going to jump to the ad level. And then when we scroll down, we've got this creative testing section underneath where you set up your your ad creative. So, you can see it says here, "Compare up to five different versions of your creative in a test that helps ensure delivery to new test ads." And if we click on set up test, then we get this window here. So, how many test ads do you want to create? We can between two and five. So, you don't just have to test, you know, ad A versus ad B. You can test more at once if you want. How much of your budget should go to test ads? Fairly self-explanatory. I've just created a quick dummy campaign, as you've seen. So, this has got a 25-pound uh daily budget. So, I can spend all of my campaign budget on this test if I want to, or only a percentage of it and and lower that down. How long should the test run? This is really important. 7 days is the default. I think that's a good starting point, but you can adjust this depending on conversion volume. So, if you're generating hundreds of conversions a day, you could really shrink this right down because you're going to find out really quickly. if you're generating a handful of conversions a week, then you're going to really need to extend this time frame because you don't want the test to finish and you go, "Actually, we don't have enough data to know how this is performing." But, for most businesses, you know, 7 days is is probably a decent starting point. And then this is really important. How do you want to compare performance? So, cost per engagement, no. That's what's recommended, but that's not what's really important to our business. We want to know how well does ad A perform versus ad B for our primary objective. So, that's most likely going to be cost per lead, cost per purchase, whatever it is that you really want. So, very importantly, change that. This is a lead campaign I just created, so I could go with um cost per lead as the example, right? Go ahead and click on that. And as you can see that now that I've selected cost per lead, we have this little warning warning pop up saying, "Since your durational budget changed, the recommended key metric was updated in the drop-down." Um what meta's basically hinting at there is that like, "Look, if you're only going to spend 25 a day over 7 days, we might not be able to work out which of of these ads you want to test um is going to know does this produce a better cost per lead versus this one?" We just You might not have spent enough. You might not have given this long enough to work that out. Um whereas they're pretty confident that on a cost per engagement basis, um meta will be able to work that out cuz obviously, engagements are a much more frequent action than leads are. So, in this scenario, we would probably want to either up the budget or up the number of days to run this test given that um warning that's that's popped up, and you may see something similar when you go through this process. And then once I click confirm, you'll see that over here on the left, we've got these new uh these test ads here, right? Um so, you'd obviously make sure that one of them had one ad creative, another one had a different ad creative, and we've kept everything else the same. So, we've isolated that creative variable. We can run this test and then see how the creatives perform. And like I said before, we could have up to five um going in this test, and that could be a really good way to find answers, force meta to spend money on new ad creative, and um and achieve some of the stuff that we're looking to achieve by testing different ad creative in terms of having the potential to find winners that can help us really scale our campaigns and significantly improve our performance. So, when would we use this option? When would we use meta's creative testing tool? It's often the best way to test. If we're going to have a separate testing campaign like I described earlier, we'll often use meta's creative testing tool uh to test ad creatives in that, and it has some advantages. So, firstly, you don't really need to worry about auction overlap because meta's going to properly divide your audience so that only group A see ad A and group B see ad B, etc., etc. Whereas if you just have different ads in different ad sets or different campaigns, then the delivery can all get a little bit messy. They can overlap, and you can run into issues. So, with the testing tool, you get a sort of neater, cleaner, more accurate test, and you can trust the results more as a result. And you can run a test, and then once you finish the test, um once that comes to an end, that time period comes to an end, delivery will just return to normal. So, the ad set can sort of go back to how it was um functioning previously. Sometimes meta will learn from the test, and they'll allocate budget differently. Um but, yeah. So, so quite an easy flexible tool to use. If you're using just the one campaign, you don't have the conversion volume to justify separate testing campaigns, uh things become a little bit more tricky when using the creative testing tool. So, uh a few few potential issues to watch out for, right? If you do lots of rounds of testing, it could quite easily become really difficult to manage. Like, doesn't feel like an issue at the beginning, but just I've been there, and you do enough rounds of testing, and you look kind of look at your one ad set, and you're like, "What? We've got this as a winner, and we've had these tests, and what on earth is going on here?" It could become really quite um quite complicated. The other thing is that we have seen that if you're running, say, two test ads alongside one with previous winner that's just been run as normal, and you said I want to allocate a proportion of the budget to the test, not all of it, it can negatively impact the existing winner, that the scaling ad. Uh whereas obviously, it's a separate campaign, you don't have to worry about that. So, so I'm not saying don't use the creative testing tool if you're just sticking with the one campaign cuz you don't have enough conversion volume to justify separate campaign, but there are just few things to watch out for that may well happen. And I think that if you are in that scenario, just don't look to test as much. Sort of choose your test wisely. Don't go crazy and and look to test everything. You want to be a little bit more selective with how often you test and and things like that. Whereas with the separate testing campaign, you can basically just just go for it. You don't have to worry about messing anything else up. So, we could talk about what's not a good solution. So, I talked about four potential options there, although a couple of them overlap. Obviously, you go with option four and option two at the same time. What's not a good solution that I've seen quite a few people do? I would not recommend that you turn off the best performing ad creatives um that are getting all the budget. I've seen a lot of advertisers do that, and they think, "Well, great. I'll turn that one off. I'll force budget to be spent on the other ones." What often happens when you do that is performance tanks because that was your best performing ad creative, and that's why meta's putting all the all the money behind it. Now, as we're talking about ad creative and delivery and the control you have over that as an advertiser, I need to mention meta's relatively new ad sequencing feature, which I go through in detail in this video here. Could be really really powerful for anything high ticket, for anything that people might not be super familiar with already, need to explain, and and sort of take them through that process. So, we've been experimenting with it, and a lot of advertisers have, and seeing some very interesting results. So, if you haven't already, go ahead and give this video a watch.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Benji-Maann [3 likes]: no way you're using the Wii Mii menu music LMAO
  2. @BenHeath [1 likes]: Get personal Meta Ads feedback from me (live) for less than $60 per session:
👉 https://www.skool.com/benheath/about
Let my agency run your Meta ads for you:
👉 https://heathmedia.co.uk/done-for-you/
  3. @Damian-he5qb [1 likes]: What about having 1 campaign with ad set budget, and 1 „Scale” ad set to put winners in + a separate ad set for each testing ad? 

For me it sounds better than option 3.
  4. @cyfrowiprzedsiebiorcy [1 likes]: For the store with multiple different categories (similar products but different target groups) do you recommend creating one CBO campaign for each category (product style) or should I do them all togheter in one CBO campaign?
  5. @abryan3228 [1 likes]: The problem that I ran is that I usually use messaging ads for my sales and it worked great except now when i select messaging apps my audience definition goes from what it use to be which is about 600k to 1mill now im seeing 6k to 16k it’s very frustrating
  6. @BlackravenarmouryUk: @BenHeath, that's interesting and surprises me that you create a new campaign rather than testing multiple ad sets, within the same campaign each with a different advert, but forcing Facebook to spend the same amount of money daily on each of these.

I just always found that this gives a more accurate view over a period of a few days in terms of which genuinely convert while using a level playing field or have I misunderstood your video?
  7. @djlightsout06: What about throwing your new ad you're trying to test in another ad set and setting a minimum spend for that ad set?
  8. @JamesVanDeuson-l3m: I can’t optimize for purchases or add to cart because my data is being blocked. Please help.
  9. @levibartoly2140: Hi Ben, I love your content! I would really appreciate it if you enabled automatic dubbing on YouTube for Brazilian Portuguese. It would definitely help and reach a larger Brazilian community. Best regards!
  10. @GuidezGuides: What are your thoughts on setting minimum/maximum ad set budgets in CBO campaigns? We launch our ads on a weekly basis in packs as new ad sets in the campaign, and sometimes those packs still end up not getting a fair chance, so we were contemplating using the min/max ad set spend amount controls available to us to help push along some initial spend temporarily.
  11. @TrinhLe-r7q: Very interesting. I am using your 1 adset 1 ad strategy. 

Here's the thing. if you then put it into a 'Scaling campaign', full of winners, isn't Meta going to prioritise the budget on the top 3 or 4 'winners' (say out of 10)? 

So why don't you just keep them as 1 ad set 1 ad, and then scale that in the same campaign?
  12. @trackingconsulting: This is exactly what I see with clients. Meta shows purchases, but misses refunds, cancellations, and delayed conversions. Ads optimize on the wrong revenue unless tracking is fixed properly. Server-side tracking changes everything.
  13. @GuaranteedPPC: Facebook's ad testing tool is moreso better for testing smaller changes to your ADs. Full blown formatting changes should always be tested separately, and long term as ROAS can significantly change over time with it.
  14. @Hydrohelium: There is a 5th option (The Dj Method- Flipping Switches) = turning off specific ads to force delivery.

I see that Meta are trying to replicate what TikTok can do with the new Andromeda algorithm, however in TikTok ads manager when you have 5-10 different creatives TikTok DOES actually deliver them quite evenly BEFORE it picks winners. 

On the flip side, when using the similar multi ad approach in Meta, I have notice on most occasions that Meta does in fact pick a “winner” much too early without really testing the other options (TikTok does not suffer from this issue).

So I use this “Dj Method” and start flipping switches to on/off - this may sound counter intuitive, but if I notice an ad has received nearly all the budget and it’s very early days, I then start switching all the ads off and leave only 1 ad to deliver. I then repeat this action ever 1-2 days (depending on budget) so that each ad has a bit of “pixel juice” 

Once I have “primed” all the ads individually, I then do turn all of them back on to run at the same time. And usually by now this solves the problem and ad spend/delivery is spread more evenly until an actual deserved winner/s have been identified.

Just my 2 cents…
  15. @AshishMehrotra: i think meta optimizes ads that get early engagement I have seven ads in one campaign only one gets sepnd when i test them seperately in abo  they all gave better roas than what meta is currently spending on ,
  16. @danielkelly8645: BEn quick question. I recently signed up to your mentorship program and have started this week with Robbie so looking forward to it. Also on this video regarding solution 4, So if we create 5 test ads, and the test runs, can you re-run the test ad again with 5 different creatives etc and is it possible to use this solution to test 10 ads at a time?
  17. @thefatcontroller6: For option 3, if you've got ads that are taking all the spend but have stopped performing, are we saying to keep adding in new and varied creative to the same ad set until you convince Meta something is better than the current ads that might be fatiguing? Why not different ad sets in the same campaign? Finding it very tough to convince Meta to consider new creative in the same ad set..
  18. @vickijoubert6863: Why has meta become so time consuming, complicated and expensive?  Smaller companies and individuals simply cannot afford to pay for20 ormore creatives that might or might not work. What is a better alternative to meta? Personally I think meta is a complete waste of time and money since the Andromeda update.
  19. @sawyernaturals: Thank you for all the great info, Ben! Once you find your winners, how do you add them to your established campaign and make sure they get good ad spend?
  20. @learning11-d3g: omg FINALLY SOMEONE DID A VIDEO ADDRESSING THIS!!!!!!!!!!!! thank you so much. I wanted to ask you low budget do you still recommend 20 creatives? small budget 200 to 300 a day.

- Facebook Ads Are Falling Apart (The Andromeda Update): Kind: captions Language: en Facebook made a massive algorithm update in July. And I'll tell you what, it has been wrecking havoc with business owners who advertise on Meta, including Facebook and Instagram. And in this video, I'm going to break down exactly what the change was and how to combat this so you're not left behind. All right, so let's go ahead and get started. I'm going to share my screen real quick. Okay, so the update was on Meta Andromeda. That is the AI algorithm that Meta uses to place the right ads in front of the right people. Now, this is a post from Engineering at Meta. This happened on December 2nd, 2024, but it didn't fully unleash or like give it to all advertisers until July. That's why I saw some wacky things in July. I saw cost per click go through the roof on some accounts. I saw it drop like crazy for others. I saw cost per lead do the same. We had some people change strategies completely from DM ads to uh book a call funnels and vice versa because the results just were kind of wacky. Okay, now this engineering one I'm going to I'm going to summarize this. This is kind of more about the AI algorithm and the updates to it. Uh it talks about it partner with Nvidia and uh other AI developments. Honestly, I read this and it wasn't that helpful. Okay, so I found a uh another one that I think is more userfriendly. So, I'll link this down below, but at a high level, like what Andromeda is doing is Facebook realized that their issue was that they had a hard time with ad retrieval. And that's essentially means they had so many ads. They had so many advertisers. They had a hard time putting the right ad in front of the right person. So, what we used to do is we used to make generic hooks. And the generic hook would be like, "Hey, if you're um a busy mom trying to lose 20 pounds, here's the ad, right?" So the generic hooks worked because Facebook had a hard time with retrieval. So those bigger hooks that called out a larger amount of people actually worked better. But now what we're seeing is Facebook wants more creative diversity. So it's actually those big hooks that appeal to a lot of people aren't getting the uh cost per click, aren't getting the cost per lead, aren't getting the cost per sale, and aren't scaling like they used to. So let me let me break down this article down here. I think this one was was written very well. And what I'm going to do is I'm going to break down this article and then I'm going to share with you guys on my iPad exactly what we're doing from a campaign structure, number of adsets, number of ads, all of that at the end. So if if you're a nerdy media buyer like me, uh stick around until the end. Okay, so again, this will be linked in the description below. The biggest thing, like I mentioned before, is the problem was retrieval. Okay, Andromeda is the new algorithm, right? And it takes millions of ads, narrows them down to a few thousand candidates, and it does in a way that Metac claims is faster, smarter, and more personal than ever before. And again, like I mentioned, creative diversity or diversification is your new ad strategy. Okay? So, creative diversity does not mean just pumping out near duplicates with minor tweaks. It's about creating a range of ads that differ in meaningful ways. So, previously, as an advertiser, I would have, you know, uh, one I'd make a video ad. I'd have one body and I'd have three different hooks and then boom, there's my three ads. Well, Meta is saying, "Hey, we don't just want that. We want more diversity." So, what we're seeing and what what I've heard a lot of other uh people in the space seeing as well is that having the ad all the way through being unique and different actually performs better than having just three different hooks. The same thing applies to static image ads. If you've got a white background static ad and you have a black background static ad, that's just a kind of minor near duplicates or minor tweaks. Again, this creative uh strategy and diversification that Andromeda is telling us to use, it does not want us just to do that. Okay? It wants us to make more. Okay? And again, I'll share with you guys how to do that at the end. But creative diversification shows up in a few areas, right? Concepts and angles. So, this is like what is the ad about? What's the pain point? what's the what's the hook angle that's bringing people in? It wants diversity in the formats. So, it doesn't just want videos. It wants vid short videos, long horizontal style videos, static images, and carousels. And then personas speaking to different customer types. Um, I'm going to talk about this in in when we get down to here. This is going to actually I would ignore this for the time being. If you have different personas, we're going to actually need to break those out into separate adsets or campaigns. I'll talk about that again at the end, but I think this kind of actually confused it a little bit. So, I'd say the biggest thing here is that it wants more concepts and it wants more formats so it can find the right ad for the right person because now it has that capability to do that. Okay. So, what this means now is we need to stop chasing that perfect combo of the ad copy and creative and feeding just one video ad and having one hook and one headline that that day and age is over. Okay? I'm telling you right now, if you just want you don't don't want to use the algorithm and you just want to try to be smarter than the algorithm, you were not going to win. Meta makes billions of dollars. I think I believe billions, probably tens of billions, I don't know, but they make a lot of money. Okay? And their algorithm has so much data points on you and on all of its users. Do you really think that you're going to beat it? Do you really want to sit behind the dashboard and just pump, you know, put $10 into this ad and put $10 out of this ad and just go back and forth? That sounds exhausting. Do not do that. I'm telling you right now, instead what Facebook wants you to do is instead of trying to chase that combo, it wants you to load it up. It wants you to load the campaign up with multiple different ads, multiple different headlines, multiple different body texts so it can find the right one. Okay, targeting largely happens in the ad level. Now, I've been talking about this for a while now. Um, this is just the way that it's going almost even now. If you are in the campaign setup and you're in an adset level and you try to target uh like a very tight-knit group, it's going to go well beyond that. So, it's not very good nowadays to uh have a very tight audience. Facebook doesn't even let you do that. So, again, the ad itself does most of the targeting. The words you say in the ad and the body copy that you have in the ad are going to put this ad in front of the right people. Facebook wants us to keep using the Advantage Plus defaults. Okay, Advantage Plus campaigns are the cleanest fit. If you guys have been in the ads manager, you've seen there's the opportunity score. It is really pushing for Advantage Plus. Okay, Advantage Plus campaign budget, Advantage Plus targeting, advantage plus creative, all this stuff. Okay, we need to learn how to use this. Okay, there are certain still some settings that I have turned off, but I am working more and more on how do I give this algorithm more uh leeway. And the the only way that that's going to actually work for me and for for you and everyone else here is if we ha if we're optimizing for the right event. And I talk about pixel conditioning a lot, but we have to have a really healthy pixel that's only sending back qualified leads if we're going to follow this plan. If we're just going to optimize for leads or clicks or DMs, we're going to get a bunch of junk leads, okay? Because it's going to send us volume. So, we have to learn how do we filter out and create more friction in our ads and through our process to allow the advantage plus to work for us. Because if we're optimizing for leads or messages, we need to get quality leads coming in, not just total volume of leads. If we don't specify that, that's what we'll get. Okay. And number four is simplify your structure. Okay? There are very few reasons to over complicate campaign structure. And you you need a different campaign for each goal, but you may may not even need that anymore. You will rarely need multiple adsets for targeting and you'll rarely need multiple adsets. I think that's and you'll really I think they just did a duplicate here. Uh the heavy lifting happens at the ad level. Okay, so this is what I'm going to talk about at the end cuz I think this I spent so much time this past week trying to figure out what's the best campaign structure and I'm going to share it with you from what I found. You know what the crazy part of? I I had a call with my meta rep. She had no training on this. She's like, I've been learning myself. I've been trying to get other people to learn about it, but they're not they haven't made an announcement about this, nothing. So, if you're just, you know, talking to your meta rep or you have like a a business coach who's not in on this stuff or marketing coach and still teaching the old same old strategies, you're going to be left behind. All right, so keep going here. Now, ad limits. So, there was a time where Meta would only suggest six ads per ad set. Uh there were times where we only said, you know, one ad per ad set. Like back in the day, we would just force one ad in front of one audience to test it out. Nope. Uh, we then went from there to three and then it went to six. Now, now that recommendation has disappeared. I know people who have 50 ads in an adset and it's working. Okay. Now, this is where it gets complicated and that's what I'm going to show you at the end. It's going to be super cool. But, um, yeah. So, if you guys want to read the rest of this, let's go ahead and read it. But, I'm going to share with you guys now on my screen, which I'm very excited about, the campaign structure of how we're going to be testing this. Again, um, this is all new to us, too, right? This happened in July. We didn't know about it really until September. Not know about it. We we let things ride for the month of August. It's September. I made changes to it last week. So again, there's a lot of changes that are happening and as we learn more, we'll share more. Okay. So let's jump in. Okay. So previously I'm going to say the old way right here. Okay. So this is the the old way of running ads. We had a campaign. Okay. And then we had multiple ad sets inside. Okay. I'm going to call ad set one, add set two, add set three. And often times the old old way is we just had one ad inside. Add one, right? Add one, add one. So we would do this because we were trying to figure out what's the best audience to serve these ads in front of. So this was like kind of step one. Once we found the best ad set, then the step two would be a very similar structure. So I'll just put C for campaign. Then what we would do is we would do potentially even like you know yeah ad set one that was let's just say this was the winner ad set one same thing ads set one these parentheses just mean adset set one ad set one and then we would even launch just like individual ads so it was like add one add two add three and you know we were just trying to force a specific ad in front of a specific audience. Now, just to be clear, this old way was like 20 uh 2019 through like 2022ish way. And then in 2023, things started to change a little bit. They started to come out with some of this more advantage plus stuff. And we made some changes. And then here is kind of the the more traditional way that I see a lot of people run ads now. So oldish way, all right, the oldish way was we'd have a campaign, okay? And then inside of here we had ad set one, ad set two, ad set three. Okay, so these are just like multiple different adsets inside. And what we would do, we found worked really well was we had the campaign budget set at the campaign level. So if I put like, you know, $1,000 a day in here and I said, "Hey, I'm optimizing this for calls." What I would used to do in this old way, oldish way was um each of these adsets here, right, were like proven audiences and I I typically would launch like a new concept. Okay, a new concept in each of these. Okay, so each of these new concepts could be like, hey, I'm going to do a B-roll ad. All right, so it's a B-roll ad and that's just let's just say that's ad set one, right? This is to a proven audience and this would be B roll one and then there would be B roll two and then there would be B roll three right and let's say ads set two was a drawing video right so I'm using my iPad drawing one drawing two and then drawing three right and then you know same thing for this this could be like talking head right so I'm just say talking head one talking head two talking head three so this was how I used to run ads all the way up until this point. This was I'm going to say oldish way. This is yeah, let's just say up until before Andromeda. So, let's just go 20 202 23 to now as in before. Okay, my handwriting is beautiful. All right, so this is what we were we're running. And this was super simple because all I had to do was just every time I had a new concept or a new idea, I would just launch a new ad set with that concept inside. And if Facebook liked it, it would spin on it. If it wouldn't, it wouldn't. Well, all that has changed now because as we just saw out here, the issue that Facebook was having was figuring out which of these ads to be served to what person. Now with Andromeda, this is all changing. So now the new way, okay, so this is the new way to run ads is this. Okay, we have campaign. Okay, and let's say this this is for a uh let's just say it's a VSSL campaign. So this is like, you know, you're running ads to a free training so people would learn about what it looks like to work with you, your process, and you sell them at the end, right? to VSSL. Okay, VSSL. And then we do this one ad set. And then we have 10 to 50 ads in that one ads set. And this ad set is broad. Okay, broad. And it really wants you to use Advantage Plus. Now, again, we're we're working on on doing this. If you guys have have been in there, they've actually added value rules to this recently. So, what I've been doing, I've been using Advantage Plus audiences, but I've added a value rule. Okay, I've added a value rule for this adset. So there's it's broad targeting. There's no interests. There is a minimum age set at the age of 25. 25 age. And then what I've done here is I put a value rule on this. And the value rule is to decrease bid by 90% for I'm just going to put it this way for old people. Okay? cuz I found that people I I don't know I I run you know learn how to run Facebook ads but there is people 55 65 plus who are engaging on my ads and I was like you know I want to give Facebook you know disadvantage plus audience but I don't want any of these old people to opt into my stuff. So what I'm doing here is I just added a value rule and uh you can decrease the bid by 90% for old people or whatever age range you want. You can do the same thing for gender, you can do the same thing for location, etc. But this is what I'm currently testing right now to um to combat that. You know, I could probably still just go in and turn off, you know, go like limit further reach of ads on the adset level. And then when I do that, I could just set age range and turn off the suggestion. But I'm giving this a shot now. Just wanted to share that. But this is the new way. And we're just going to launch ads on a consistent basis inside of here. Now, the problem with this is the learning phase. Okay? It's something that we used to be worried about, right? because every time I add a new ad into my ads set, it re-enters the learning phase. And if the learning phase decreases performance or it makes it reset the whole thing and you have a winning campaign, that could be a problem because what I would do with this with this concept here is I would just do new concepts. I would do this like two to three times per week. Yeah. Pro more like most of the time two, right? So I got a new new set of ads I worked on that morning or you know I was in Canva, made some ads. Go to the ad set, launch them. Go on the ads set, launch them. But the problem with that, this worked fine because the learning phase happens at the ad set level. Okay. But if we're launching ads inside of a new ad, existing ads set, it's going to reset the phase. Where over here, if I just launched an ad in a new, like I launched a new ad set, sure the learning phase would start, but it wouldn't affect the older campaigns. Now, that's not the case. So, when I launch the ad set, it resets the learning phase. So, what I'm going to do, at least this is the plan, is instead of dropping the new creatives two to three times per week, I'm going to drop creative one to two times per month, right? One to two times per month, drop 10 to 50 ads inside adset. Okay? And then once I drop them and I publish them, right? So, if I drop them and publish them, let's just say I've got 50 ads at the start of the month that are that are live. 50 start and then every day I check that campaign and what we're looking for are ads that are just not spending. Okay, so ads that are not spending means Facebook doesn't like them. So, you know, let's just say if I if I started with 50, this looks like so uh I started with 50 to start at the end of week one maybe I've got 40 left, right? And then the next week goes by, then I'm down to 30 left. And then maybe I'm down to 20 left of like the ones that are spinning and are performing decently. Right? So then when I'm working on my drops, I'm going to look at these 20 and say, what's the common theme? Is there anything that I think I could do better? Right? And then are there new angles that I could also hit with this? So I'm going to just put like first would be, you know, creative refresh. And this is again finding winners and make more. Okay, make more. And when I say make more, just like we talked about earlier, like it wants creative diversification in formats. So if I have a winning video, can I turn that into a carousel? Can I take that same same winning creative video and make it into a static? So I'm going to do that and I might even just take the same script and film in a different area. So the first thing I'm going to do is if there's 20 left, probably about like let's just say I'll probably make creative refresh, I'll redo about 10 to 20 that are creative refresh already proven angles, right? And then the other part would be maybe 10 I'm just say 10 let's say 10 new angles right 10 new angles two 10 different types of ads that could hit on different pain points um and test those out. All right so again that month would drop and then I would have 50 ads to start and I would just keep doing that. So it would go 50 down throughout the month to you know 20 to 30 and then again re replenish what I I've cropped off. Okay. So, hope that makes sense. Um, that's what I'm going to be doing. And have you guys heard what I was talking about there of like I'm going to cut ads when they don't get any spend. So, because the way this is set up with one advantage plus and 10 to 50 ads in here, notice there is no top off ofunnel. So, no topofunnel slash middle ofunnel slashbottomofunnel split. Okay, that doesn't exist. So with this new strategy, what we're seeing is that uh inside of the ads set, the ads work together, right? So you might have a top offfunnel ad, right? Then you also might have a middle ofel ad and then you also might have a bottom off ofunnel ad. Again, this is creative diversity, right? So, like if we look at this setup, we put all the ads that we have in here because with this new algorithm update, what what we're noticing is these ads here, they work together. Okay? They work together where previously when I had, you know, this ad set one, ad set 2, ad set three, and they were all launched together. They were all independent. Sure, I'm sure Facebook shared some of that data back and forth, but not that much. Right? So now when we have this set up here and we're launching all these new ads, you might say like, "Holy cow, that's a lot." We can actually have ads inside of here that are more top offunnel, right? Top offunnel would be things like your personal story, right? Your personal story. Hey, here's how I got into this, right? I used to be 20 pounds overweight. I tried this thing. Blah blah blah, right? That we could even have a value, you know, a value ad with a soft CTA, right? And then middle of funnel is going to be more direct with, you know, click this link, get this thing, more direct with CTA for lead magnet. And then bottom of funnel would be more testimonials. Okay? There's there's a lot of other ways we could do this, but let's say they're all driving still to the same funnel. I'm not going to get into uh you might there might be an opportunity or an argument here where we'd have different funnels inside of these campaigns as long as they're optimized for the same thing. I'm not testing that yet, but that might be a play here. Okay. Again, pretty crazy. But I I would still drive like again, all this would be to like a VSSL funnel, right? So like top of funnel, personal story, longer, talk about your experience, then drive to VSSL value ad. Hey, here's three ways to do this thing. If you want to see more, click this link. Middle of funnel, hey, if you're struggling to get X, Y, and Z and you want this, go click this video and watch this thing. More around the pain and problem. bottom of funnel, you know, here's how I help so and so do X, Y, and Z. Go watch my VSSL, right? So, they're all, as of right now, my recommendation is that we're all driving to the same uh lead magnet. Again, after a little bit of time, that may change. Okay, so this is the campaign structure that we're going to be testing. One campaign, one ad set, very broad, and just keep launching new creatives in here. And again, we're going to do that a frequency of one to two times per month to uh prevent the ads set from going into the learning phase too many times. Okay? You can have as many ads as you want in this. Again, the biggest thing here is creative diversity. Okay? We're not doing this super controlled way anymore. It just doesn't work. This way can still work. Okay? This can still work. I'll be honest and transparent. This one could absolutely work. It does help you organize things better, but there's probably going to be a performance decrease because these adsets here are not working together like they are in our new uh our new way. All right, so that's what I got in this update, guys. I hope you guys enjoyed this video. If you guys like this and you want more updates on Facebook ads, you want to learn how to run them, all the things, go ahead and smash that subscribe button. I create daily content just like this to help you grow and scale your business online. All right, peace.

  Top Comments:
  1. @PeggyCarroll-Prescott [2 likes]: How does a small shop make 50+ quality ads every month?
  2. @alissamblah [1 likes]: Hi how do you scale your winning ads if they are all in the same campaign and ad set?
  3. @lonskii [1 likes]: I find that advantage+ only attact bots from India SriLankan Indonesia. I even exclude these 3 counties but don't stop coming in. Meta needs to fix this
  4. @noamamir92: Interesting video.
I’m running ads at the moment, and I’m doing a retargeting campaign because the audience is obviously people who watched X% from the first campaign.

Those ads in retargeting are connected to the exact video message, and therefore my question is -

How can you maintain the order of the funnel (top mid bottom) when putting all your ads in 1 adset?
  5. @livinginSCV: Bro just said 55 is old. I’m 54. Age is all relative. My 14 year old daughter would say you’re ancient 😂
  6. @WhimsyAlchemy: its impissible to get  a live agent  in chat for any problem😢
  7. @janicebutler442: Has anyone ever seen an issue with FB running an AD whereas they are charging my Paypal acct 38 a day or every other day, and it's a Christmas Ad I ran back in Nov that should have ended Nov 30th , it appears to be a BOOST that I did NOT do and the campaign AD I setup is gone, I put in a tkt and the rep finally reached out to me on the 8th of Dec and could not find my AD anywhere herself.  They have no idea ' where '  this AD is running from and why or how it got setup this way .  She said she had to escalate the problem to a higher level team and she / they would get back to me & NO one ever has and I am still being charged 38 dollars .  It is the most bizarre issue I've ever seen.   😡😡I am a small business owner and every dollar is important to me.   I'm furious about this.
  8. @nickdoherty1580: And is this all at the CBO level? No more ABO?
  9. @nickdoherty1580: Matt great video! Quick questions... when you say "dropping off" ads from 50 to 40... then 40 to 30... as you see where the ad spend is going, are you shutting those ads off completely?
  10. @blondewriter99: OK this old person won't subscribe or watch anymore of your videos. Later, Zellennial. (At least I know how to pronounce "wreak havoc." 🙄)
  11. @MarsX69: The “old” campaign structure wasn’t from 2019 but from as early as 2013. People like Jon Loomer and Amy Porterfield were already teaching this approach back then.
  12. @MILDCARLISLE: Meta errors done my head in.Goodbye Meta.
  13. @nealjohnson1500: Great video thanka for aharing your insights! Would this work well for special category ads that cant use advantage plus?
  14. @tianhaiou: Why is my conversion rate so low despite spending a significant budget on creative materials? My potential customers have dropped from $10 each to $3 each, but the conversion rate is less than half of what it used to be.
  15. @mareksns: Very informative 😀
  16. @estudosmayconwellington7775: and about the conversions? like tofu is add_to_cart..
  17. @jameeno3: Super valuable! What about having different URL destinations? We have most of our ads going to advertorial before PDP. Would you recommend adding BOF ads that go straight to PDP?
  18. @manscapedoutdoors: Do you have any video explanations on top funnel vs. mid funnel vs. bottom funnel?
  19. @mateakocmar4062: Is creating 10 ads per month advisable for a company that is just starting out and has a low budget?
  20. @drewdrewski4188: Anyone else think of the Andromeda Strain when they hear this? In the novel, Andromeda killed almost every human it came into contact with, so that's pretty neat 🙃

- The NEW WAY To Test Facebook Ads (Post Andromeda): Kind: captions Language: en Facebook advertisers are losing their minds when it comes to testing ad creative now that the Andromeda update has been rolled out. I'm seeing so many mistakes being made around this. And in this video, I'm going to show you how we're still able to test ad creative post Andromeda. And we're spending more than $15 million a month across hundreds of ad accounts. We do a lot of testing. >> OH MY GOD. OKAY, IT'S HAPPENING. EVERYBODY STAY CALM. >> WHAT'S THE PROCEDURE, EVERYONE? WHAT'S THE PROCEDURE? >> STAY CALM. OKAY, so let's quickly make sure that we all understand the problem that I'm talking about here. Now that the Andromeda update has been rolled out, one of the big impacts from that is that we now know we need more ad creative diversity. We need more ad creative and we need it to be different, each individual piece to be different from the other pieces of ad creative that we're uh running within within a campaign within an ad set. If you create ads that are just variations of other ones, let's say there's five different ads that all very similar, you're testing different elements, Metal will just pick one of those, put that into the auction, the others won't get a fair crack at it. If you create other ads that are very different visually, could be a different ad format, image versus video, could be uh something that looks very different, then fine. Meta will treat that as a separate ad and and put that into the auction and give that a go and see how it can perform. Now, Meta is doing that because they're recognizing that different people respond to different ad creative. They're also trying to overcome ad fatigues. They're thinking creative diversity, excellent. That's going to help advertisers get better results. But it does create a real problem when it comes to testing. And that's that if you find a winning ad format, let's let's take an image for example. You want to make as much of that as you possibly can. And you also want to get more detailed and test the various elements to see if you can improve performance. So, for example, you might have a winning image and think, right, I want to test different text overlay on the image. I want to test different background color. I want to test it in in that color versus black and white. I want to test including a price banner or not. Well, because those are all relatively minor tweaks of the one image ad, Meta could easily look at those and go, "Nah, they're all the same thing. We're only going to choose one, and that's the only one that actually gets any any budget and any chance to to perform and generate the lead sales, whatever it is you're optimizing for." But we know as advertisers that changing the text overlay, for example, on an image ad can have a massive impact on performance because that might be the thing that either gets people to pay attention to the ad or not. It might be the thing that convinces them to take action or not. It can have a really big impact. So whilst the system might not recognize them as different ads, we know that that can have a big ad performance and we want to be able to test this. What that has led a lot of meta advertisers to do is just guess cuz they're thinking, well, each ad creative needs to be really different. So, for my image ad that includes the founder holding the product, for example, um I'm just going to have to guess that this is the right text overlay to put with it. That's not a great place for advertisers. That's not how we want to do things properly. That's not how professionals operate when it comes to to performance marketing or when it comes to advertising. So, you can test this properly and you absolutely should. The way you do it is with the creative testing tool that I'm going to to demonstrate in a minute. So, let me show you how this creative testing tool works. It's very simple. It's included within within Ads Manager. Um, it's actually the ad level. So, I've just created a quick example leads campaign. You can obviously do this with other campaign types as well. But if you come to the ad level and you scroll down beneath I haven't set up anything else about this ad um yet. I just want to focus in on this. Beneath where you set up your ad creative, you've got this creative testing. Now you can see here here it says compare up to five different versions of your creative in a test that helps ensure delivery to new test ads. That's the really important part. This is why this tool is the perfect solution to the problem created by update when it comes to ad creative testing. So if we click in here, we can better understand it, right? So we can test between two and five different ads. We don't have to just do one, you know, ad A versus ad B. We can test a whole bunch. I'm going to do two for demonstration purposes now, but absolutely fine to to do more at once. You then say how much of your budget should go to test ads. This is just a quick example campaign. Um, this has only got a £25 daily budget. So, I can say, look, use all the budget within this campaign ads set or ads set um for the test or just use a proportion of it. Totally up to you. Um, how long should we run the test for? The default is 7 days, but you can increase this time frame should you wish to. This will depend. What you want to do here will depend on the conversion volume you're likely to generate. So we want to see for example which ad generates a better cost per lead. So we need to make sure that we run the test long enough so that we generate enough leads to have data that we can actually use and and rely on. Now this part is really really important down here. The default for me within this example is cost per post engagement. So how do you want to compare performance? Cost per post engagement. Absolutely not. That is not what I want to measure. I want to measure how well this does on a cost per lead basis on a cost per sale basis whatever it is the most important metric. not engagement. So I want to come in here and change this in this instance to cost per lead, but there are obviously lots of other options as well. Now when I've done this, this is also another important part. It says since your duration or budget changed, the recommended key metric was updated the drop down. Basically that's why they put it cost per um [clears throat] engagement using this metric can help you get more information results with high confidence. So what they're basically saying here without actually saying it but I can translate for you to some extent is that look only spending £25 per day over a seven day period and optimizing cost per lead that might not be either enough spent or long enough to be able to know which ads within this test produce a better cost per lead. So in this instance what we would likely either need to do is increase the budget. we'd have to increase the adset or campaign budget, right? Because that's we can't go beyond the total or increase the time frame or both, right? To the point where we now have enough data to be able to run this test. And no, I'm just going to leave that as is for now. But just wanted to quickly highlight that this is how you go ahead and set that up. So then I go ahead and click confirm. And what you'll see happens very simply is that within this sort of ad here, we've got these two test ads. And then we can go ahead and you can see these ads are same setup as a regular ad. But we could go ahead and add in different uh creative in this instance, but you can also test other things by the way, but we could add in different creative into this ad and then come up to this ad and add in other creative. In fact, I did a little run through a second ago. So, let me show you what that looks like. So, this is an example test that we might want to run um for our ad creative. So, this is an image that has worked well for us in the past. We've run this um in ad campaigns for a little while now, and it's an ad for my mentorship program. By the way, if you're interested in your program, link in the video description, you can find out more. We have unlimited one-to-one support. Um, daily live calls Q&As with me, my expert team members, like tons of support, really good program if you're interested, to go ahead and check that out. But anyway, this is a image that we've run for mentorship program. So, very simple format, picture of me, um, some results that people have achieved with my own mentorship program. Uh, fairly standard image ad, right? Want me to mentor you? We know this works. So, we might go, right, I want to test this against very similar versions of this, but tweak some stuff. So, here we've got a black and white version of me. We might want to test this against, if I just scroll down, it loads up a color version, right, with a little bit of a different background. Instead of just the solid blue background, we've got sort of uh a desk and um and our office behind with some people sat there and and that be the the look of the ad. Meta could easily look at those two ads and go, "These are the same thing. We're only going to put one into the auction." If we weren't using the creative testing tool, but because we are, Meta will now give these ads a proper go. And what they would do as part of creative testing, it's not just about giving it budget. It's also they're going to keep the delivery of those ads separate so that you can do a proper test so that you go, okay, group A within our audience is going to see this ad. Group B within our audience is going to see this ad. And then we can compare performance based on um the metric that we selected. In this case, was cost per result, but could be something else. Once this test has completed, once that time frame has run out, meta will then usually go ahead. You do want to double check because it doesn't always happen, but usually then spend more money on the winning version and you could always turn off the uh the other version and delivery will return to normal and you can go about your ads will be put in front of people as would happen anyway. But this can be a great way to narrow in on the finer detail and actually work out, okay, this element does improve performance versus this element. We could see, for example, a 10% 15% difference between the black and white version and the color version. That would absolutely be worth finding out and we don't want Andromeda to prevent that and this is how you get around it. Hyro is the best tracking and attribution software for meta ads. It's a software all the big players in this industry use including myself. I use it to track results for my own ads as well as all my organic results as well. So if someone books a call for our done for you services for example, I can see exactly where that person came from with a lot of accuracy. That allows me to make better decisions for my marketing and my business. Hyro has been able to track that from our ad spend in this campaign we've generated £96,000 but £58,000 of that was not reported by Meta. So if I was just looking at my data within my meta ad account I might come to the conclusion that this campaign is doing okay but in reality this campaign is doing a lot lot better. Now this is a relatively extreme example because of the nature of our business. So most of our products services have recurring billing elements. Meta might be able to see what we make initially from our ad spend on that initial transaction, but not those subsequent payments. That's why it it shows the importance here of being able to accurately see what we actually get from our ad spend in order to be able to make better decisions and optimize correctly. So, if you want to improve the performance of your ad campaigns without having to touch your ads, go ahead and sign up to Hyros. There is a link in the video description. Now, there are a couple of other things I need to mention around this creative testing tool. Firstly, it's not as important if you are testing very different ads anyway. So, if for example, you're testing an image ad versus a video ad, meta is going to treat those as different ads, the Andromeda update is not going to get in the way. You'll be able to test. Now, the delivery is probably going to overlap. You might want that might be better performance, but if you are looking to do a strict test to find out, does A perform better than B? Even if they're very different, you can still use greater testing tool. But the Andromeda update is not going to affect that. It's not going to get in the way of that process if the ad's very different. either different formats or very different visuals. So, what we'll often find is that the initial round of testing, we're less likely to use the creative testing tool because we're finding out the big stuff. What performs better, image video, what performs better, UGC style video versus, you know, really professionally produced versus founder, those sorts of things. But then when we were to get into the more detail, and often the winning happens in working out the detail, then we're going to use the the creative testing tool a lot. Another instance where I really like using it is to test video hooks. So, if you've seen my content before about video ads or hooks, you'll know that hooks are incredibly important to your meta ads. The hook, by the way, is the opening scene, the opening line, usually about the first 3 seconds. And you can take a video ad that's performed really well, change the hook, and it will perform really poorly, even though you're only changing the first couple of seconds. Likewise, you can do the opposite and massively improve an ad because the hook is what convinces people either to pay attention to it or not. Um, and if they don't pay attention to it, they don't find out about your product or service, they don't take the action that you want to take. So, when we create video ads, often what we'll do is we'll create just a handful, maybe a couple of full ads, but then we will create lots of different hooks with different visual locations, maybe change the opening line so that we can create, say, 20 different ads, even if we've only produced two full bodies because we've got 10 different hook variations for each. and then we will test those and you'll often see massively varying differences in results between the different hook options. Now with Andromeda, this doesn't seem to happen all the time by the way because a lot of people say this and yes, we've seen it in some instances but not all. What Andromeda post Andromeda what Meta will now do is they might look at two ads that let's say are 40 seconds long and they're identical other than those first few seconds and and make the same calculations we talked about previously. Aha, these are basically the same ad. we're just going to put one into the auction, the other one's not going to get a look in. That is absolutely not what you want to do because just like I discussed previously how changing the text overlay on an image is massively important, changing the hook on a video ad is incredibly important. You absolutely want to be able to test between different um video ad hooks. So, the creative testing tool, exactly what I just showed you, is is absolutely the right way to do that. and you can test the different hooks and then you can introduce and then what you can do basically let's say you test five different hooks same main body of the ad but different hooks find out which is the winner and then put that into your ad set without the creative testing alongside other very different ads that's when you then test okay this is a UGC style ad versus founder ad versus product demonstration video ad um type setup right that's how you go about doing it so please do not throw out the hook method the changing of hooks which is what a lot of advertisers are If you've got a video out that's performed really well and you want to get more out of it, it's a really timeefficient and effective way of doing so is to go and record a bunch of new hooks, edit them onto the front, and then test. You can do that through the creative testing tool. I really have seen a lot of advertisers say you can't do that anymore. You can. You just got to use the creative testing tool. Um, I know I'm probably uh hammering home the point here, but I think this is this is really key to a lot of how we test going forward. And I think in general I want to help meta advertisers relax post Andromeda because the standard recommendation now is that you produce 20 plus ad creatives and every single ad creative needs to be completely different from the others. That's an enormous amount of work. It's difficult to produce 20 ad creatives even if you are using say the hook method and five of the ads are exactly the same but just with different hooks or you're creating variations of an image that's still work. But to reduce 20 pieces of ad creative that are totally different from one another and run all those in an ads set together, I think is unrealistic for a ton of businesses. And actually, I'm starting to see this put people off and get in the way of them making progress cuz it just it it feels like too large a burden. The juice isn't worth the squeeze. It's like if I have to make 20, I'm not going to bother making one. when actually if you just tested a couple of new ads every now and then compounded over time that can make a massive uh difference to your ad campaign performance and is well worth doing. So don't let this massive creative requirement put you off. The way I would look at meta ad creative production and testing uh it would be similar to a diet, right? Better to go with a a creative production schedule that you can stick to as opposed to the one that's perfect. Just like with diet, we all know what a perfect diet looks like. Can anyone realistically stick to a perfect diet all the time? No. So, we need to go with the option that is realistic that we can actually stick with. And that might mean that you launch a campaign with four very different creatives and perhaps a few different variations. That's absolutely fine. And if you want more info on meta ad creative, check out this video here. In that video, I react to a number of different meta ads found by my team in the meta ads library. I hadn't seen them before I watch this video. Some are great, some are terrible. Well worth a watch.

  Top Comments:
  1. @JeffBrown-h1l [1 likes]: Does this mean the 2 campaign system need not be two campaigns? ie Scale and Test. So we now run one and use the Creative testing?
  2. @BenHeath: Get personal Meta Ads feedback from me (live) for less than $60 per session:
👉 https://www.skool.com/benheath/about
Let my agency run your Meta ads for you:
👉 https://heathmedia.co.uk/done-for-you/
  3. @aarush_119: This is good but before this I used to follow CBO or ABO testing It worked for me at that time
  4. @RealestatephotographyEasymode: on meta calls is there phone screening
  5. @jhoncandia: thnks
  6. @IsraAyasrah: can I add new creative iterations for the winning ad after an ad has launched?
  7. @jonathanmui6764: The problem is that you can only run one test at a time. When you spend 4k/d and have 50+ creatives across 4-5 concepts this takes forever.
  8. @madsrasmussen4306: Very good video.
  9. @AmarilisWernex: Achei bem interessante o ponto que você destacou sobre a importância de testar não só criativos diferentes, mas também abordar públicos com intenções variadas dentro do funil. Faz total sentido e é algo que às vezes a gente negligencia. Eu mesmo, depois de tanto apanhar com inconsistências de dados e bloqueios, comecei a usar o DICloak pra gerenciar múltiplas contas e, sério, facilitou muito minha vida. Dá pra focar mais nos testes e otimizações sem me preocupar tanto com interrupções inesperadas.
  10. @AmarilisWernex: Ben, achei interessante quando você falou sobre priorizar a segmentação ampla nas campanhas de teste A/B. Tenho testado algo parecido, mas às vezes sinto que algumas escolhas de criativo acabam performando melhor em públicos mais específicos. Será que é uma questão de variação do nicho ou tem algo que eu possa ajustar na análise dos dados?
  11. @RafaelBelor: would you still upload all ad creatives into the same adset? if i have an ad that is working well, and want to run a new creative, should i put it in the same adset or create a new one?
  12. @marcmcdermott4742: I've run a few of these now where the ad distribution is definitely not equal. In some cases facebook showing 95% of one ad. Other tests though the tool worked as it should with equal distribution. Have you seen this? Is this a bug you think?
  13. @soniavarghese1515: Once we finalize a winning ada we need to make more variations like that to scale right
  14. @mel12ab: How does the testing work for custom events created via google tags manager? It seems like you can only test for standard events.
  15. @nohopelouis3312: great stuff. subscribed !
  16. @millicentquoilin9044: Hi Ben, I noticed that I can no longer upload a story dimension for my Ad. The upload option is not longer there.  Do you have a video that covers this change?
  17. @FigTreeCommunications: How does the creative testing compare to having mutliple ads in an ad set?  Won't Meta put more money towards the ad that does better?
  18. @TenilleWilliamsTV: Hey Ben, thanks for all your valuable videos. I started setting up a testing campaign to use creative testing for the first time but it would not allow me to choose Purchase conversions as the metric due to advertising both in and out of the EU. Do you only use creative testing in certain countries, then move winning ads to broader locations?
  19. @AmarilisWernex: Bem interessante a ideia de focar mais nos dados pós-Andromeda pra ajustar os criativos. Já tentou usar públicos bem segmentados pra testar várias versões do mesmo criativo? Tenho testado isso com bons resultados, mas sempre fico em dúvida se devo priorizar CTR ou CPA nos primeiros dias de teste. Alguma dica?
  20. @garybrown8822: Hi Ben. Thanks for this. Great info! Question for you: (1) I use FB traffic ads to sell ebooks. I'm optimizing my campaigns for link clicks, not landing page views. The SHOP NOW or LEARN MORE button, when clicked, directs Facebook viewers to the Amazon product page for the book. Under this scenario, can I still use CREATIVE TESTING to test 2+ images if my campaign is optimized for links clicks, not landing page views? Should I select COST PER LEAD under "Compare Performance" (as you suggest in this video), or should I select another more appropriate performance metric from the drop down menu? Also, when a creative winner is determined, how do you scale? (A) Turn off the non-performers, keep the ad in a single ad set campaign, and increase the ad set budget? (B) Duplicate the winning ad and increase budget at the ad level? (C) Your well-informed suggestion :) TIA for your help.

- The Truth About Meta's Andromeda Update (What You Need to Know): Kind: captions Language: en So, the Andromeda update is what everyone is talking about in the Facebook ads and the Instagram ad space right now. And I think we need to talk about it, too, because there is a lot of fear-mongering and a lot of misinformation flying around about Andromeda right now. So, in this video, I'm going to go through what Meta actually changed, the impact it's actually having on ad results and the changes that you need to make to your current ad setup to make the most of Andromeda, and to make sure you don't get left behind. So, to help explain what the Andromeda update actually is, I've got an article from Meta up about this. I'm going to run through various sections. Actually quite a complex technical doc, but I think we can break it down into sort of easy to understand uh terms and focus on the parts that actually impact us as advertisers and and why we need to update and change things in response to this update. The first thing I want to highlight though is the date. So this was posted by Meta on December 2nd, 2024. So almost a year ago as of the recording of this video. And I think that's quite interesting. And the reason why it sort of taken a while and it's only really become the big topic of conversation recently is because it took Meta a while to roll this out. So it took as Meta often does with with new features and new updates. Um some advertisers get it early, others it takes longer. They also introduce this to some campaign types before others. But now we're in a situation where the vast majority of advertisers are operating in an Andromeda um system. That's why it's become a big topic of conversation, particularly from those advertisers that haven't updated how they do things. They may have seen results drop off. They're still operating under the the old setup. And so, a lot of people talking about it. And like I said, we need to cover this, too, cuz there's a lot of misinformation and fearongering about this out there. So, there's got sort of three summary points here. I'm going to skip over those because we're going to cover those in more detail as we go through it. I actually want to start with these two paragraphs here. Right. So, we've got here, AI plays an important role in Meta's advertising system by leveraging the power of machine learning to predict which ads a person will find most interesting. And that sounds like a fairly standard run-of-the-mill sentence for an ad platform, right? Like, we're using AI and machine learning to try and put the [clears throat] right ads in front of the right people that they're more likely to engage with. Um, but that's really key to Andromeda because Andromeda is doing this in a much more sophisticated way to what has been used previously. And I really want to sort of focus in on this predict which ads a person will find most interesting angle. You'll see why that's important as it comes up. And they sort of justify why that's that's important. It says this helps people learn about a business or product they are interested in while helping an advertiser meet their objectives such as increasing brand awareness, acquiring new customers, and driving sales. Obviously, if your ads are put in front of people that are more likely to be interested in your products and services, you are more likely to make a sale, generate a lead, etc. Okay, this next paragraph is also very interesting and revealing. So, retrieval is the first step in our multi-stage ads recommendation system. And that's what Andromeda is. It is a much more sophisticated ads recommendation system that operates differently and has consequences for us advertisers. Why we need to update things and change some of our best practices. At this stage, it's tasked with selecting ads from tens of millions of ad candidates into a few thousand relevant ad candidates. In the following stage, larger more sophisticated ranking models predict people and advertiser value to determine the final set of ads to be shown to the person. So if you think about if you're targeting the whole of the US for example, how many other advertisers are targeting the whole of the US? Tens of millions if not more of potential ad candidates and that needs to get whittleled down from all those different ads, all those different advertisers because so many people are advertising nationwide broad targeting um or or a variation of to really narrow it down. Okay. We'll we'll remove 99 whatever percent of the various options and then from there we'll narrow down even further narrow down further to work out which ad is most likely to be most interesting to that user but also most likely to meet the objective that the advertiser wants. Right? So that's kind of an overview of what Andromeda is and and how it operates. But we need to focus in on a few elements here because those are those are really important. Okay. Okay. And the meta is kind of setting the scene with this next section talking about challenges of opportunities in this new era of advertiser automation with generative AI. Um, and basically they're highlighting two points. I won't go through all the detail here, but highlighting two points that because advertisers are using AI to produce ad creative, uh, not just outside of platforms with various AI tools, but also within platform to create lots of variations of ads. So if you think about using advantage plus creative where you meta may add text overlay to your images or animate them or may add music or may uh you there's all sorts of different enhancements within advantage plus creative. Well those are all different ad variations and you can have tons and tons of different ad variations from just the one sort of seed ad that you've created as an advertiser. So using that stuff as well as the external tools to produce more ad creative basically means there's a explosion in the number of ads in the number of ad candidates. So you can see one of the big challenges of the AI era of advertising is going to be instead of meta having to sort through millions of ad variations it's going to have to sort through hundreds of millions probably billions of different ad variations um as that sort of grows in an exponential way. So that's that's the first big challenge that Andromeda is designed to to cope with, but also to allow us to benefit from. And then the second big challenge here is tight latency constraints. Basically, Meta's got to do this really, really fast because if you're midscroll or you're swiping through stories or whatever it is, that next ad wants to have been sorted through all the various different ad candidates and worked out just the right one so that it can be put in front of them straight away. There's no sort of loading, buffering, etc. And you also can take advantage of changing user interest and focus and attention really quickly. This has the potential to get really complicated. I'm going to try and keep it simple and bring it back to the parts that matter for us advertisers. You know, we're not developers, right? We're we're we're advertisers. We want to get better results. So talking about deep neural networks and using the super GraceHopper super chip and deliver superior performance. But it's this first sentence again in this paragraph that I think is interesting. So Andromeda improves performance of meta ad system by delivering more personalized ads to viewers and maximizing return on ad spend for advertisers. That's the name of the game here. If we can have a more personalized ad delivery system, we get better results. If you think about this is is what Andromeda is trying to do is be a much much more sophisticated version of what we used to try and do manually as Facebook and Instagram advertisers many many years ago when we try and be ultra specific with our targeting and match the messaging in our ads to the target audience because that's been a known marketing tactic that works since forever. Right? If you just talk to everyone, you talk to no one. If you talk to people very specifically and it resonates with them and you call out their pain points, they're more likely to listen to it, to take action, to believe that your product or service will work for them. And that's what this is looking to do. It's looking to do this at a massive scale and get things really personalized for the individual to uh help improve performance. So, let's move on to the next section. So, we've got Advantage Plus automates budget allocation, audience targeting, and bid adjustments, streamlining, campaign management, and boosting performance through more ads in the system for different audiences. So, we've seen the effect of that for a number of years, right? As Meta has been able to automate uh things like targeting uh budget allocation, bid adjustments automatically, we have gotten better results. It's why more and more advertisers have switched to Advantage Plus campaigns or switch to open targeting that takes advantage of some of this stuff. That's what that first part's talking about. For example, when advertisers who did not previously use Advantage Plus Creative turned on its AIdriven targeting features, they experienced a 22% increase in return on ad spend from our ads. We estimate the business using image generation are seeing a 7% increase in conversions. So, this next part is kind of crazy. Even at this early stage, more than a million advertisers use our generative AI tools to create more than 15 million ads in a month. Now, like I said, this article was released almost a year ago. I guarantee that number has increased massively and more and more people are using the tools like I said within meta also externally but this is really focusing on the stuff within meta to produce way more ads way more ad variations they're using advantage plus creative um and taking advantage of that. So this effect is only going to continue to increase uh particularly as well as advantage plus creative and those enhancements that you see become more and more sophisticated. And then after that it gets really complicated with all sorts of diagrams and more talk on neural networks and more talk on hierarchical indexing and stuff that honestly is too complicated for most advertisers certainly too complicated for me gets very technical and just not stuff that I think we really need to worry about. Um that's more developer world than it is advertiser world. So if I had to sort of summarize Andromeda and a good way of thinking about it, I think it's like Andromeda is like Meta building out its own Netflix recommendation system. So instead of everyone just being shown the same films or TV shows to watch within comedy, uh Netflix is going to show different options first to different people based on what it thinks they are most likely to be interested and watch based on previous viewing habits and things like that. That's that's what Meta is doing. So previously of course the system before Andromeda still worked out these are the best types of ads to put in front of these people [snorts] but it was done as sort of more of a group level. So okay we've grouped these people as interested in ABC. Therefore they meet tick the boxes and meet the requirements to be shown ads from advertisers XY Z. Whereas now with Andromeda we're getting much more specific to the individual. So, it's more sophisticated, more personalized. Uh, like I said, just like a Netflix sort of comedy playlist recommendation system where not everyone sees the same thing. Some people are shown different things um to others, even if they are both of those people are categorized as being interested in comedy. So, in a second, we need to talk about why Meta created Andromeda and the changes that we need to make as advertisers to our Facebook and Instagram ad strategy to get the best results now that Andromeda um is here. But first, I want to quickly let you know about my mentorship program, which gives you all the support you need to get the best possible meta ad results, including multiple daily live calls with me and my team. Uh, unlimited one-to-one support, ad account audits, exclusive training material, like I said, all the stuff you need to get the best possible results. If that sounds interesting, there is a link in the video description. Go ahead and click on that and book a call with one of my team members and hopefully we get a chance to work together directly very soon. So, why did Meta create Andromeda? >> Why? Why? Why? Yeah, I've heard all sorts of ludicrous things said uh from people saying that Meta did this because they want to worsen results and hurt advertisers. Like that is absolutely not the case. Meta is highly incentivized for us advertisers because we are their customers to get better results because if we all stop getting any leads and sales from Meta tomorrow, we would all leave and Meta would stop generating revenue and the value of the company would crash. Like that's absolutely not what they want. They want us to get the the complete opposite. In fact, they are highly incentivized to get us advertisers the best results possible because then we keep paying them money and if they get us even better results, then we spend more money with them, we scale, they grow as a company. So, just wanted to sort of dispel that myth because I've seen that knocking around quite a bit. So, why create Andromeda? Well, the real key here is personalization. We've already talked about that quite a bit, but putting more relevant ads in front of people makes it more likely they will take the action that us advertisers want them to take, and they will also like it too, right? People don't mind advertising if it's for things they are interested in as much as they do if it's for things they are not interested in. Okay? So it helps improve performance for us advertisers and keeps the user happy. There also a big time component to Adromeda. So um trying to do it faster, deliver the right ad to the right person at the right time. And that time element also makes it more likely that you will get the result you want as an advertiser. Cuz if even sometimes in some industries if your ad is delivered to someone u who's the right person, but you got the wrong day. They've already bought the such and such thing that they were looking for and researching and you could have got an ad in there, but it didn't quite work it out fast enough. Then you could be missing out on return on ad spend and on sales because of that. Like Meta had personalization previously and they had systems to be able to do that relatively quickly, but people were grouped as opposed to being narrowed down to the specific individual. And yeah, that basically left rorowass on the table in Meta's opinion. And we can see that because when we tried to group people manually with our own targeting options and serve them ads, we didn't get as good results as we did when we went broad in most cases for most advertisers over the last few years. So that's a good example of how this system can work uh better by instead of grouping people making it more specific to the individual. And then of course Andromeda was to some extent a necessity. They had to update the system because with AI and automation creating way way way more ads than we've seen previously. Well those all need to be sorted through and organized. Okay. So for some advertisers that leads to an obvious question right? If Andromeda is supposed to improve performance why have my results gotten worse? And just to be clear not all advertisers results have gotten worse. There are many advertisers that are seeing similar results to what they had pre-Adromeda or have even seen an improvement in results, right? But there'll still be advertisers that have seen a drop off that be thinking, well, if this thing's more sophisticated and designed to get better return ad spend, why am I not seeing as good a results in in my ad account? I think there's a few things to factor in here. So, Andromeda has only really become the big topic of conversation in the Facebook and Instagram ad space fairly recently, and that could easily coincide with a seasonal decline. If your business typically performs better, say during the summer or struggles in Q4, that could easily explain it. It could be that CPMs cost per thousand impressions are always way up in Q4 because there's a lot more advertiser activity with Black Friday and and Christmas and that's when advertisers spend a lot of their budget. A lot of advertisers spend a lot of their budget. So, those things could easily be a factor. You could have changing market dynamics. Those are things that are kind of out of your control. The big thing that is within your control is have you updated your strategy and your way of doing things to factor in the Andromeda update because if you haven't that could easily be causing a big drop in performance. Andromeda is something new. There are differences and the best practices that go with it have also updated. Now what that means is that that's a great potential opportunity because if you had great results and came in, they dropped off. If you then adjust your system and your setup to try and take advantage of Andromeda, you may well see better results, not just than what you're getting right now if they have dropped off, but potentially even better than you did previously because Andromeda is a more sophisticated thing to do. And then also, if your competitors haven't adjusted and haven't um gone with the new system and made those changes, which a lot won't, then that's extra potential competitive advantage for you. Okay. Okay, so in a second we're going to run through what you need to change, but first I want to let you know about Hyros. Hyro is the best tracking and attribution software for meta ads. It's a software all the big players in this industry use, including myself. I use it to track results for my own ads as well as all my organic results as well. So if someone books a call for our done for you services, for example, I can see exactly where that person came from with a lot of accuracy. That allows me to make better decisions for my marketing and my business. High rose has been able to track that from our ad spend in this campaign we've generated 96,000 but £58,000 of that was not reported by meta. So if I was just looking at my data within my meta ad account I might come to the conclusion that this campaign is doing okay but in reality this campaign is doing a lot lot better. Now this is a relatively extreme example because of the nature of our business. So most of our products services have recurring billing elements. Meta might be able to see what we make initially from our ad spend on that initial transaction, but not those subsequent payments. That's why it it shows the importance here of being able to accurately see what we actually get from our ad spend in order to be able to make better decisions and optimize correctly. So, if you want to improve the performance of your ad campaigns without having to touch your ads, go ahead and sign up to Hyros. There is a link in the video description. Okay, so what do we need to change now that Andromeda is it? How do how do we get the most out of the new system as advertisers? How do we update our strategy? All that sort of stuff. I've got some recommendations for you. And this increased personalization is is at the core of this because that really creates a big opportunity for us advertisers in what we can do. And I'll I I'll explain what I recommend you do and talk through the logic of it as well. So my biggest recommendation is an increase in volume of ad creative. More ads is better. Meta used to make recommendations around don't have more than six ads in an adset at any one time. Now we're regularly running adsets with 20 ads or more in there. If you think about what Meta is able to do, they're able to work out of those 20 ads, let's say, this one is right for this person and this one is right for this person. So that increased level of of specificity when it comes to personalization means that more ad creatives gives Meta more flexibility to put the right ad in front of the right people. Then within that increased ad volume, ad creative volume, you also want to try and increase creative diversity. So not just different ad variations, right? not just changing the image on a background, but different ads with different angles that focus in on different things and that different people might be interested in that might grab their attention uh more than others. Right? So, if you think about creating lots of different ads, you want to try and hit different things. And these will vary a little bit depending on what it is you're selling, but I've got a little list I'm going to run through. So, you could create different ads that try and hit people at different stages of the awareness ladder. So, the awareness ladder in marketing, you're probably familiar with it. You start people that are sort of not even problem aware, completely unaware. And then ads that are targeted, those people will often be like, "Did you know that such and such can be a real problem?" And then you go through the various other stages. And then you've got sort of problem aware, so they're aware of the problem but not aware of the solution. So then you have ads that explain the solution, but you don't need to explain the problem in the first place because they already know. And then you have ads to people that are solution aware, where you don't de you don't explain the solution more broadly, but you talk more specifically about your product or service um to get them to to buy that. You can create ads thinking, okay, does that apply to my industry? Could I create some ads that are explaining the problem in the first place, create other ads for people who already know the problem but don't know the solution. And and then all the way down that that's a good way of thinking about, okay, how do I create ads for those different different options? You could create ads that touch on different pain points, right? Maybe your product or service solves different issues. Maybe your competitors are more expensive and more timeconuming. So you could have one ad that really focused on the fact that you're cheaper, another ad that really focused on the fact that um people can save time, lots of different pain points, lots of different uh industries. Have a think about those. And then you can also flip that, right? And different desires. Does someone want to save time? Does someone want to save money? Does someone want to buy your product or service because they're going to look really good in front of their friends when they've bought it? Does someone want it because it's going to be relaxing? Does someone want it because it's going to be really exciting? All sorts of different desires that you can think of. Not all will apply to all products or services, but some will apply to some. And you can look to use ones that might work and different angles because different people might be interested in different things. And that's what a drummer is able to do. Able to go, this person wants to uh mitigate issues. They're booking a fasttrack queue at an airport, for example, right? So they don't have to stand through all the cues going through security. One person might be booking that because they want to save time. Another person might be booking that because they're an anxious traveler and they really don't want the risk of missing their flight stood in a queue for security. Another person might buy it because they want to feel swish that they're just walking straight through to the front of the queue. Those are three different desires for the same thing and different people will be interested in different ones. Like a business person is probably more going to be interested in the time saving. An anxious traveler and frequent traveler is going to be more interested in not missing their flight etc etc. Okay. And then different avatars within your target audience. So there are likely to be within your overall target audience different groups of people and you can speak to them specifically. Imagine advertising a gym, right? You're going to have people different ages. They're going to be different fitness levels. They're going to be coming from a different place. Are they trying to lose weight? Are they trying to gain muscle? Are they trying to get in better shape to compete in some sort of sport or athletic event? Are they doing injury prevention or injury rehab? You could create different ads for all of those different use cases and different avatars. Like older people are more likely to be interested in X. Therefore, we can create ads that are more suitable for them. And again, another good way of thinking through um the different ads, right? So, in general, I get this question all the time now. How many ads should I be looking to put in my ad campaigns? And my my advice here is as many highquality ads as you can produce. Don't necessarily run them all at once, particularly if you're operating with a small budget. Meta still needs to be able to test the ads and see which can perform best. And that's still a process that's going to occur. But the vast majority of people I speak to, they are constrained by how much good stuff they can produce, not by what Meta can handle nowadays with Andromeda. That's a big big change. That wasn't the case even a few years ago. What I see a lot of advertisers doing is they hear, "Oh, I should have 20 ads in an adset." And then they just go ahead and create 20 ads every week. But the only way they can create 20 ads every week is if they're basically variations on a theme or, you know, they're just swapping out something really small or they're just not very good. Don't do that. Don't create volume for the sake of volume. Uh well, actually, no, you do want to create volume for the sake of volume because that helps. But only do so if the ads you're producing are high quality and if the ads you're producing have different angles, hit different pain points. Talk to different desires. Talk to different people at stages of awareness. Uh talk to different avatars within your audience and then allow Meta to be really smart and work out, okay, this person needs to see this ad. This person needs to see this ad. And another part that we haven't talked about or what wasn't expressly said within that document, but I've talked about because it's obviously being featured within the new system, and I've mentioned this on other videos, is meta being able to add sequence. And if you have more creative diversity, the meta can add sequence more effectively. What do I mean by that? Some people within your target market are basically ready to buy. There's no point putting a an awareness style ad, a top offunnel ad in front of that person. You might as well just go for it. Go for the sale. go for the the lead inquiry, whatever it is you want people to do, right? With a more direct bottom ofunnel style ad. But some people do need those top offunnel style ads. So again, by Andromeda being really smart, being able to personalize if you put ads that would previously have hit different uh stages of the salesunnel in together. Meta is smart enough to work that out, right? Some people going to need to put a top of funnel ad in, then a middle of funnel, then a bottom funnel. Other people straight for the bottom of funnel. If you put them all in together, Meta can work that out for you as opposed to separating out into different campaigns or different adsets and then forcing the issue by saying, "No, only advertise to these people." This is really quite a difficult thing to get your head around if you are if you're someone who's been advertising on Meta for a long time and you come from a multi-step salesfunnel process, tons of retargeting, manually set up retargeting. Um, this is very different. Requires, you know, you to trust Meta a lot more. But I've talked over the past few months about different campaign structures and about including different ads that hit different um stages of the funnel, hit different pain points, using hook variations to create lots of different ad creative relatively quickly and easily. And I consistently see on those videos people coming back with, "Wow, I changed over to the new setup and my results have gotten so much better. I've I must have seen that comment a hundred times or a variation of it hundred times um in the last month or so." And that's because yes, lots of advertisers have experienced big drop offs from Andromeda because they did not update their system, their strategy, their setup to the new setup. And if you do, if you play by the new rules as it were, if you give basically Andromeda and Meta's machine learning system what it wants, it can work for you as best it possibly can and help you get um significantly better results. Okay. And one of the big changes that we need to make to facilitate that to facilitate all this extra ad creative uh and being able to get the best results and allowing method to do its thing is a change in campaign structure. And I have seen some nutty campaign structures recommended by people in this space to help um take advantage of Andromeda or combat Andromeda. And it's quite clear whenever I see these crazy campaign structures being talked about, especially in relation to Andromeda that these people don't really run many live ad campaigns because they're completely impractical. They certainly don't have 1,200 plus ad accounts um in their business manager like we do. And we're running thousands of meta ad campaigns at any one time. We very much see what works in the real world, not just in theory. And actually with Andromeda, you want a very simple campaign structure. Probably not just the one campaign, uh but you want a very simple campaign structure. And I go through all of that in detail in this video here. And I think this is a logical next step to go ahead and watch this after you've seen this to see exactly how we're doing things. This is very much done with Andromeda in mind. It's what Meta wants us to do. And once you switch over, you are likely to see significant improvement in results. So go ahead and give this a watch

  Top Comments:
  1. @MartinVargasWallin [14 likes]: A problem that I see is that even with high creative volume, 10-20 creatives in one ad set, the meta algo will prioritise and a lot of creative will not get any spend at all. For me that is wasted creative efforts, money in the bin and not really better performance.
  2. @BenHeath [1 likes]: Get personal Meta Ads feedback from me (live) for less than $60 per session:
👉 https://www.skool.com/benheath/about
Let my agency run your Meta ads for you:
👉 https://heathmedia.co.uk/done-for-you/
  3. @lisajanejones6308 [1 likes]: I'm not convinced on Metas AI at all. For example, my own personal feed is now full of the most random content and ads that I have absolutely no interest in and never have. Its a hot mess that make no sense. I use to enjoy scrolling FB as all the content and ads I saw where based on my interests and stuff I've engaged with etc ... not any more.
  4. @riyazulhoque7407 [1 likes]: ** help**     I used to run meta ads on a Facebook ad account which used to produce decent results right now I have switched to another Facebook ad account but that is not producing good results is there a way to transfer my old Facebook ad account data to the new account?
  5. @JuanMa123451000: Its all BS. I do not believe NONE of you experts know exactly what this IA is really doing. You just “pass on” the message from Meta. I CHALLENGE YOU OR ANY OTHER EXPERT TO PROVIDE GOOD RESULTS ON A LIMITED BUDGET LIVE. That algorithm ONLY LEARNED TO SPEND MONEY AND DELIVER GARBASH.
  6. @jakefrosher: 👀
  7. @martiejunior: But then how do you optimise specifically if all stages of the funnel are in one campaign? How do you know which is the part that needs to be tweaked (pre-aware vs ready-to-buy) if it's all in one big wash of a campaign with X cost-per-sale for example?
  8. @TahaBuw: Thanks!
  9. @aronuchukwuezugo615: 10:36 But they ban ad accounts wrongly and don't have a human support people can reach out to fix it so we can keep spending with them.

How does it make sense?
  10. @chukwudumofoegbu: Hey Ben, how does the new Andromeda update affect your omnipresent ad strategy?
  11. @valea-o8g: do I have to activate Andromeda or is it already turned on?
  12. @jnpilot: Who here is having issues with the video views objective now delivering to the same person over and over again? In just two weeks, I had a 10 freq for the same size audience previously used that would have a 1-2 freq in the same time period. Its goal seems to be to obtain video views at the lowest price without any regard to frequency.
  13. @MountainCollectivePodcast: thank you sir.
  14. @IvanmoralesSMP: funny I was allready doing all of this prior to the update .. now I understand why my I didn't get affected
  15. @lektrolietuva: This creative strategy is amazing and it really works! Thank you su much, Ben!
  16. @namitshri: If we are selling different products targeting different genders, should we create different ad sets for each, or will Meta AI be able to target the right creative to the right gender on its own in a single ad set?
  17. @taniacasey6617: Hey Ben, I've been watching your videos for a little while now so the company I work for can do paid promotion. We have a good size CRM but in New Zealand, I'm not we can import our clients info into meta due to our privacy laws. Not without stating this in sign-up T&C's which is ok going forward, but any historical customers would have to be excluded. Do you know more about this situation with some countries?
  18. @IppokratisSaridis-b1f: If we create lets say 10 high quality ads in an ad set, wont they be limited by budget? Even if i have 100$ per day, wont some of them produce better results and get all the money then from that point? What changes in that perspective with andromeda? If this happens and we have 10 more ads do we place them in a different ad set with separate budget or in the same but closing some of the old ones? Will the best performer be a problem and wont "share" the budget?
  19. @DBMTexas: Here’s the real issue. I’m a small apparel business owner, and I’ve been through three agencies. Each one promised they’d be better than the last, and each one failed. In the end, the agencies made more money than I did. They’ll celebrate getting a 2–3x return like it’s a huge win, but for a business like mine, that’s not good enough. Once you factor in agency fees, cost of goods, and ad spend, a 2–3x return can still leave you barely breaking even—or losing money.

So what perception does that create for small business owners toward Facebook ads and agencies? Honestly, it makes it feel like they all suck and you’re just throwing money into a black hole. Eventually you stop spending on Facebook ads, and Facebook loses revenue. Yes, agencies bring businesses onto the platform, but if those businesses aren’t profitable, they’re going to quit advertising. And when small and mid-sized businesses stop advertising, Facebook loses the customer entirely.

I know this firsthand—whenever I pause my ad spend, Facebook calls me right away and offers to help for free. And that’s actually smart. Who knows the platform better than Facebook? If they can help small and medium-sized businesses become profitable through ads, they’ll keep us spending long-term—and they’ll naturally cut out a lot of smaller agencies that aren’t delivering real results. Facebook’s goal is simple: keep businesses advertising. But the only way that works is if businesses are actually making money. If Facebook can help owners get more sales and stay profitable, we’re way more likely to keep investing in ads. I know I would.
  20. @Amritpalsingh-cv5fs: Fyp

- Everyone Is Talking About Andromeda. Here’s What Actually Changed: Kind: captions Language: en In this video, we are going to discuss about Meta Andromeda update and what it means for us as marketers. I know we are a bit late to the party, but then I was literally testing it out. I have added here the most important things that you need to do if you want the Android update to work in your favor. The first thing you have to understand is there is no rule in campaign structure anymore. I know a lot of people were discussing CBO, this BO, DBO, whatever. Nothing. None of that matters anymore. Like a campaign structure now is only for you to organize stuff. If you are working with an advertiser and you basically they sell tables and chairs, you want separate budget for tables and you want separate budget for chairs. You cannot segregate. This has this is a company policy. In that case, you can have two campaigns. We tested separate campaigns. We tested same campaigns. I think same campaigns work slightly better in most of the cases. But it doesn't even matter. Now all the focus now has moved to ads. The second thing is creative signal is very important. And there's a way to verify it as well. Now what it means is a lot of people say oh creative is the new targeting. To be honest with you, I asked a lot of people what does that mean? Tell me as a layman. Nobody knows this. They just remember the line creative is the new targeting. Now you have to understand one thing. targeting, bidding strategy, campaign structure, all of that that has been taken away from us marketers. It doesn't really these things don't really matter and meta handles it in a much better way. The only thing that is with us nowadays, what goes into the creative, what goes into the pre primary text, what goes into the video or uh what hook or what static image to use. The signals you provide there are very very important. Now you don't have to stick to rules like primary text needs to be four lines. You don't have to look at aesthetics now. Oh, I just add four bullet points. It looks nice. Now you have to add content. You have to feed uh meta about your signals. And let me show you an example. This is one of the ad we are running to promote our courses. And if you see our primary text here basically is focused on telling everything more than audience. We're telling meta that what this ad is about and what we say in the uh video is important as well. Or if it's a static banner, what you say that is important as well. You have to you don't have to just consider what will be liked by audience anymore. You have to keep in mind that you have to feed the data in meta as well. Now how you can check is basically now with this detailed one here primary text. You see that when we say tailor variations to personas meta will automatically understand that who is it for. If it understands here that means it understands your audience as well. See for example it's saying for ambitious digital marketers this is what we will show these are the variations then marketing career starters this is what we'll show then it'll show a variation for business owners this is really our audience now if you see here that meta is able to understand who your audience is you have to understand the creative signals are strong I know it's overwhelming to decide what creative angles to test what hooks to test for videos and how to maintain creative diversity city. But I have a good news. Check out this amazing guide called 50 Facebook ad examples that works and why. And you can get access to this guide completely for free from the link in the description below. This guide shows you 50 examples and explains why each of these ads was the best performing and why it worked. Each example includes detailed analysis of design choices, value propositions, and actionable insights on why they work. And my favorite part about this ebook is that it breaks down the psychology and the strategy that made each ad effective. And you will understand not just what works, but why it works. So you can test, learn, and scale your own winning campaigns. And by the end of this guide, you're certainly going to have so many ideas like I did. And we all know how important it is to have the ideas about the creatives when that is the most important factor in a campaign success. And this guide is created by HubSpot Media, who is also sponsoring this video. So, back to our next point. Don't be scared of creative diversity. In the old days, I remember having a lot of posts on LinkedIn that there was a model looking at the camera, there was a perfume here, and in another variation, the model was looking at the uh perfume. And this was considered to be a variation. And some people will say, "Oh, I just created this AB test. The model looking at the perfume gets more CTR." It's not considered to be creative diversity anymore. What creative diversity means now is you basically have to find different angles of your creative. Let me show you one example as well. So for example, this is a creative where we are promoting our programmatic ads course. Now if you see here the primary text here basically the angle we have is want to be among the top digital marketers. If we want to learn pinnacle skills or performance marketing, it'll definitely so basically we're targeting digital marketers and telling them if you want upskill programmatic advertising is one good thing. Now if you see here this is one creative see we are finding very different angles here your digital marketing degree might be a complete waste. This is a super niche po post but even if it helps five people I'll be more than happy over the weekend I met two guys from India. So here we're targeting very niche audience who are doing masters in digital marketing and they basically don't have industry knowledge and then they look for jobs and they don't find it because they don't have real knowledge of media platforms etc. How niche in the old days we would have to create a separate campaign for this or at least add group then add specific targeting and then blah blah blah. Now no all of these angles go in one campaign and that is what Andromeda does. It finds that right audience. It knows who to find. Now if you see for example we have 20 25 creators in just one campaign one ad set all of them there all of these angles. So that leads us to our next point which is targeting does not mean anything. And I literally mean this. No matter how niche product you're selling, for example, digital marketing courses, programmatic advertising courses, how niche can it be than people doing masters in digital marketing, no targeting and it's working. So that leads us to our fifth point which is focus on data quality you feed to meta. Now Andromeda is data hungry. In one of the ad accounts, we basically disconnected because now you have a native integration in meta ads. You can integrate your Google Analytics and the results started getting crazy without major changes there. I'm yet to verify with other accounts but it's just one account overall focus on data quality do offline conversion tracking. I mean with all the attribution reports we see uh incremental uh purchases and 7day, 1 day, 5day clicks. when you look at the data you see how much data is meta collecting now back I mean we're just now getting better before it got worse um sixth one is optimize at campaign level what we saw at senator van ads with all our clients now most of the optimizations you have to do at campaign level to be honest with you now the mo most important optimization is uh selecting the right goal selecting optimizing campaign for the right event optimization event but still when you're doing it do it at campaign level. Don't be in a rush to see that, okay, I have 10 creatives. These two are not doing that great. Creatives have good CTRs, they have good this thing. Don't be in a rush to switch them off. Keep all the angles on basically. Okay, you want to refresh the creative. You think, okay, it's not bringing any purchases. Add one more. That's okay. But don't kill angles. That's what I mean. And don't look at um cost per purchase and all those things at creative level. Move back. Move back towards campaign level. That's what we learned and that's what we are doing. That's all for this video.

  Top Comments:
  1. @buzzboomer [3 likes]: Loved the insight that campaign structure now mainly serves organizational purposes, not optimization.
  2. @sivamokkala3452 [1 likes]: Loved the Insights & Update on Meta Andromeda.
  3. @preethimeena3457 [1 likes]: Bro, or anyone who’s an expert in Meta Ads! I have a doubt — I’m running ads targeting audiences from Chennai, where people mainly speak Tamil. However, I’m getting leads from people who speak Hindi. I’ve kept my location targeting very narrow so that it only targets specific areas in Chennai, yet I’m still getting the wrong leads — especially for the aesthetic clinic! I’ve done a lot of R&D on this but couldn’t find a solution. Can anyone help me out with this? Thank you!
  4. @SenatorWeRunAds: Full Stack Marketing Program: https://www.senatorwerunads.com/courses/pro
Consulting: https://www.senatorwerunads.com/s/pages/donewithyou
Agency Service: https://www.senatorwerunads.com/s/pages/agency
  5. @dineshpatil8506: Good analogy.
  6. @shoppermaniac: Finnaly found a  correct Andromeda vidoe
  7. @nasrodineelghalbzouri4849: How would you implement Andromeda for an online furniture e-commerce store that sells multiple product categories (mirrors, buffets etc)...?
  8. @mohammedarsan182: Amazing insights and way to put them out
  9. @diysai: We belong to a restricted category (financial services) and we're unable to use many targeting options including advantage plus. What option do we have?
  10. @husseinfarghaly9524: Why talking about Andromeda now eventhough the last update about it was in 2024 December?

I'm honestly curious
  11. @playmaxgaming8878: Ovais bhai, please let me know how to apply in your agency. I want to work with you. I have completed a course from Kraftshala. Have Almost 2 years of experience in social media marketing specifically Meta Ads. 
Could you let me know if there are opening at your agency?
  12. @losstanddfound: This video simply nullifies the reason to watch ANY other "andromeda decoded" video.
  13. @anushkapandey1366: I want to join your website membership, but I can't see the monthly plan now. Can you help me?
  14. @priaAInetwork: Nice vid!
  15. @cslife1149: Whenever any updates come in meta or fb, so tour course is also updated frequently according to update?
  16. @AliRiza-l8g: Are you Kashmiri?
  17. @IdrisMirza-p2n: Hey Dear ! Your Content is really very awesome, Can you please give me your udemy course.
  18. @Harisansari1: Love this sir ❤
  19. @priyanshusrivastava3325: Hi, sir can u update ai marketing course with n8n automation or someother automation
  20. @sumitdas6596: Roas Dropped from 6.6 from 0.6 after the update 😢

- Meta Ads Just Changed FOREVER! (Andromeda update): Kind: captions Language: en pre-arketing there and their mother is talking about Facebook's new AI Andromeda update like the world's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] ending or something. But I'm here to tell you it's not because what this update actually does is strip away every excuse you had about complex media buying techniques and it's become much simpler because if your ads don't work right now, it's not finding the right targeting bucket or some crazy campaign setup that's going to change everything for you. It's actually your creative and fundamentally your understanding of your clients that will make or break your campaigns. When you think about it, for years when it comes to running ads online, a lot of the skills have been based around major buying skills. The ad account setups, the structures, the lookalike audiences, the endless targeting. And that era is gone. Now Facebook and most platforms will decide who sees your ad without you controlling the targeting. Their AI and assistant will be doing the targeting for you. Which means the only thing left that truly moves the needle for you that you have control of is what you say and what you show. Your hooks, your visuals, your offers, and most importantly, your understanding of your customers. That's your new targety. Your creatives will be doing all of the work for you. I've been building ads and running funds in just about every niche you can think of. Info, agency, real estate, health, fitness, whatever it may be. Spending multiple six figures of my own money on my own ads, too. And honestly, I think this update is great, especially for founders who don't really have the media buying skills that you had to have before because everything now is shifting towards your creatives. The more you understand your customers and talk to and call out their pains, their motivation, their beliefs, what's stopping them, the better your ads will perform. And the weaker your creatives, the faster it's going to expose you. So, the winners in this new era aren't the ones who have fancy eye campaigns. They're the ones that know their ideal client persona inside out. They listen to what their prospects and clients are telling them, what their pain points are, what they complain about. They pick up on those words, the frustration and the silent fear is that their niche actually has. They understand the burning desires, the emotional triggers behind every buying decision. And they craft ads and campaigns that speak directly to those current problems, not generic pain points pulled from charge. And that's how you cut through the noise. And that's how you get your ads in this new era to actually work for you rather than against you. Your creatives control your targeting. What you say determines who the platform will show that specific campaign to. So if your ad sounds generic, the algorithm is not going to know who to give it to anyway because you don't even know either. So let's just break down an example. Let's take agency owners and coaches. Yeah, everyone wants more leads than sales, but the nuances change as you move up the market. If you want to work with people who are doing $30,000 a month or over, the problem that they have isn't really getting more leads right now. Most likely the problem they're struggling with right now is hiring sales team and optimizing their sales team to be able to convert a closed audience. So instead of using the usual we help coaches and consultants who are doing over 10,000 a month sort of whatever it is, find the problem they're most likely suffering right now which is getting off sales calls to hire your sales team or optimizing their sales team and instead speak to that which is for example if you have a sales offer is we'll place a proof and close our set in the next seven days. If they don't perform you don't pay. That line does the filtering for you. As simple as it sounds, as simple as the offer is, it segments the market and calls out the right type of client because it's solving the problem that they currently have. There was no need to say, "Are you making over $3,000 a month in your business?" because the problem they're solving is actually doing the targeting for them. Think about it. Someone making less than $20,000 per month would not even need to hire, closer, or set and not even really think about it because most likely the problem that they have is that they just need more clothes in the calendar to be able to close more people. So, think about it. Your creatives and your offer need to speak to the person with a specific current problem and automatically repelling everyone else who doesn't have that specific problem. Here's an example of what I did when I was promoting a real estate offer. I didn't want to work with beginners who had never run Facebook ads, who were just starting out as real estate agents and had no money to spend on ads. So, what I said in my hook was if you're spending money on Facebook ads and still not booking appointments, here's how we can help you solve that. When you think about it, that one sentence did all of the targeting for me because only experienced agents who are running ads but not really getting the results they wanted would actually click on the ad. Again, the creatives, the books, and the offers should be doing the targeting for you. The new Facebook update didn't really change the rules. It takes away all of the problems of you have to have the right campaign structure and the right targeting and instead it's putting the problem back on you, understanding your clients, knowing what problems they're facing, and understanding that the only leverage you have right now is your message and your creators. So stop trying to outsmart the algorithm. Start studying your audience. Listen to what your clients are telling you and create ad that speak to the problems that they're actually struggling with right now. That's how you win in this game. Because from now on, your creative is your audity. [music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @samurpani: How are you adapting your ads to this new Meta update? Let’s share tips!

- The NEW Way To Scale Ads with Meta's Andromeda Update: Kind: captions Language: en If you're struggling now more than ever before with reaching the right people consistently, meaning you historically may have reached these pocket audiences and you've been in there for maybe weeks or sometimes upwards of months at a time and then all of a sudden it changes. Now with the world of Andromeda factored in that can actually happen far more frequently. Niche messaging is being distributed at a larger rate than majority hooks from what we've seen in this postandromeda world. Just to be extremely clear with you, the effects of that tiny hooks are reaching pockets of people that you may not be intending to reach and they're creating a lot of chaos inside of businesses that don't know what to do when it comes to messaging best practices as it directly relates to this post Andromeda Facebook algo update. We're going to go through all the best practices in this video. Don't worry, I got you. If you're on your path to million-dollar months, this is a perfect channel for you. That's all we talk about around here. If you are looking to tack on that first million a month or the next million a month. All our content's made for rich people trying to get a hell of a lot richer, you're in the right place. We don't make any income claims, though. The US Bureau of Labor Statistics claims that.1% of businesses ever achieve $10 million and an annual run rate, let alone the even smaller quantity of people that ever achieve milliondoll months. So, just to be clear, there are no income claims or earnings expectations. We have no idea who the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you are. We just pass down these lessons to you from clients who have been there, done that for what's working right now today. So without further ado, ladies and gentlemen, let's dive in. And of course, if you're a subscriber, welcome back. Absolute pleasure to have you. Another banger for you here today. So what we've seen at this most recent mastermind that we just concluded here for our Q4 talk in good old the end of 2025 in the post Andromeda world, the businesses that were crushing it are doing a lot more creative testing than they ever have before. and they're finding that the smallest things are controlling and influencing more than ever before who they're going to reach and how long they're probable to reach them for. I'll give you a perfect example of this. One of the inner circle members, Mason, gets up on stage and he mentioned a very simple thing in almost a joking way where he said, "You know, one time we were talking about something that didn't relate at all to writing or articles. We just mentioned the use of AI and the power of copywriting with being able to replicate long books such as authors like JK Rowling. And because he mentioned that author's name, the famous author who wrote all the Harry Potter books, he got a bunch of authors through his funnel. And that wasn't his intended audience. There was nothing else in that entire thing besides those few words, the name of a famous author and a word like author that immediately started to reach a fuckload of authors. And so here's the number one thing that you have to remember in this post Andromeda world, and that's the fact that everything's more sensitive now than it's ever been before. Sensitive in the sense that literally one word or sometimes a handful of words can wildly influence who you're probable to reach. And of course, those pocket audiences, some of them are large and some of them are small. I compared it at this most recent mastermind that we just did to like little pockets of oil. I said, you know, if you bought like a piece of land, like let's say it's, you know, 20-ish thousand acres and you wanted to drill for oil and you know, you're naturally like 30 40 years ago when that was in its heyday. You're going to build these little wells up here and you're going to dig deep into the ground until you hit a little pocket. And then naturally, the amount of oil that's within this specific pocket dictates how productive this specific well is. And as you can imagine, there's wells that they build that, you know, they don't hit any pocket. maybe because they didn't drill deep enough or because those pockets were rather shallow. And so even if you hit the right pocket and you use the right terms to influence who you're probable to be getting in front of, sometimes even when you're speaking to the perfect person, there's only so many of that perfect person that's actually probable to be in that little audience in that given moment. And so what we're finding is Andromeda is doing such a powerful really good job at getting very niche almost micro hooks in front of those smaller pockets. And so what we're seeing is there's more of these smaller pockets being exploited than ever before. But that also reduces the amount of time that you can be exploiting that specific pocket audience for. You understand where I'm going with this? What you have to do is you have to recognize that when you get the right people coming through and you did the right things with dialing in your messaging to attract that type of person and all of a sudden you see the wrong types of people coming through, you likely ran out of people in that pocket and you likely need to go back and do creative testing again. That's really what Andromeda is all about is taking so many more creatives that have been loaded into this platform than ever before, whittling it all down to a few thousand, and then handing it off to the 2023 update that Meta did called Metal Lattis. It's the simple retrieval and ranking algo steps. But now it's better than it's ever been historically. And as a result of that, those little pockets are being exploited more than ever before. Here's the downside, though, and if you've run ads, you know exactly what I'm talking about right now. You need to load up about we find the pocket to be 25 to 30 unique creatives in an ad set. And so for let's use the example you're doing video ads. We'd film 25 to 30 totally unique creatives. No shared bodies and CTAs. Everything's unique through and through. And all those different reasons all those total unique creatives. One to three are going to get all the reach. [laughter] So as a result of only one to three total creatives getting all that reach and distribution, the other, let's say you launch with 25, right? the other 24 to maybe 22, they're going to get barely any money spent. Sometimes, without exaggeration, pennies. Now, that doesn't negate the fact that we still have to launch with 25 to 30 total creatives to get the impact and the positive benefits of what Andromeda can truly provide. However, yeah, it's kind of frustrating to look at it and say, well, I mean, none of these other ads got reach. But this is also kind of the cool part. All we really have to do is in that example, duplicate out our ad set, remove and/or just turn off the creatives, the one to three that got all the reach, and then let those other ones start to test against each other. And that's kind of the cool part. In the process of doing so, you reach newer pockets and you may have that potential to finally hit that bigger pocket. And if you have, let's say, a really finite demographic of people that you believe you can convert, what you have to be really good at is articulating yourself from multiple perspectives about that thing. So let's use the example that this specific demographic is your current pocket audience. And it's small in this context. Okay? You believe that there's a finite amount of people that in a given moment under specific circumstances and conditions are ready and probable to buy what you have. You're not necessarily a mass market brand. You've got a high ticket product or service after all. and it's specific for somebody's problems relative to your problem and solution scenario. What you have to learn to be really good at is articulating that thing from so many different perspectives. And we break this down into really just three simple things. Okay. Number one, the problems that that individual has. Number two, the circumstances that that individual finds themsself in. Okay, circumstances are powerful. And in addition to that, we can also articulate ourselves from an outcomes perspective. Now, these three specifically, when you think in the context of those and you just try to list as many reasons that you can think of, what you end up doing is you're able to talk to that same pocket audience so many times over because you have mastered the success of being able to rotate the problem, circumstances, and outcomes that that specific individual that you're trying to talk to wants. And you also remember rule one, which is the sensitivity part of it. Don't say anything that wouldn't bring in the right types of people. And all it comes down to is the simplest of words nowadays in this post Andromeda update. Once you do an exercise like this, there's a lot of power in it because what you can do is what we teach our inner circle members and master internet marketing students, which is to leverage specific credit-based LLMs to go into it. This would be something not like Chat GBT or Claude or Gemini. There's credit based LLMs that you can use and the incentive is far greater. A credit-based LLM will read all the transcripts that you upload into it word for word. It fully consumes a lot more training material and doesn't operate with the guard rails of efficiency that a monthly flat rate subscription LLM AI tool would use comparatively. You want a credit-based LLM. Okay? Now, we have many of those that we teach and talk about inside of our inner circle program, our master internet marketing program. You're watching here for free on YouTube after all. So, I'm going to give you a lot, but I'm going to hold back some stuff so you eventually give me some money. [laughter] Anyway, long story short, links in the description for that if you're interested. Back to this. When you do this specific exercise and you do it in a way where you're thorough, you load up specific training material documents into that LLM, it can kick you out consistent ad ideas for that specific person, leveraging real world agentic. This is very important. Let me actually backtrack a bit. all these preferred credit based LLMs. I also want you to understand it should have an agent mode where it can go out there. All agent mode really is is just kind of like somebody using a computer on your behalf. That way you can go out and actually do research to find context for these specific reasons and people. That way you also factor in highly believable reasons on top of all this. That's a different lesson though. Long story short, get yourself into the position where you have the clarity of this and just unlock a lot because you're going to need a lot of creative angles to talk to that same exact pocket audience from. That's what you do if you have a small audience. Now, if you have a large audience, it's more in the context of the oil field analogy. Consider everything that I just said like you've got this pocket, you've got this pocket, you've got these tinier little pockets like this and this as well. The moral of the story is from your perspective when you have more audiences that you can convert. So if you've got a lot of audiences rather than just one type of audience, meaning simply put, there's more than just one type of person that you can realistically sell to. That's exactly what you do. You do the same exercise but for all those different people many times over. And so simply put, and this is this is a really long lesson made into the simplest words. There's a lot more to this that I could sit here and articulate, but again, like we're going to keep that reserved for the people who actually give us some money. You're still going to get a ton of value from watching this. I promise you that all these pocket audiences, let's say you have audience type number one and two and three and four and etc. For the rest of all these, you do the same exact thing. You list off all the specific problems, circumstances, and outcomes of those specific types of people because that's the moral of the story with Andromeda. I have an entire video on my channel dedicated to Andromeda and all of what it entails so you can understand it. If this is a new word to you and you're not familiar with this ALGO update, make sure you go check out that video because it'll give you a foundational understanding of it and what it requires of you. But just in a simple nutshell, it requires a fuckload more creative than you've ever loaded into it prior. And it requires diversification in messaging. So you don't get the opportunity to have the efficiency that you've historically had by doing something like just filming opening hooks and then posting the same body in CTA. There's a creative solutions specialist that works over at Meta. He's on Twitter. He's got a couple low thousand followers, but he tweets some great stuff. And one thing that he recently tweeted was this alpha test they're running. and they're considering rolling out a column in the ads dashboard there that shows you creative that's too similar to one another either visually or in messaging because technically what Andromeda requires is diversification in messaging themes and visuals in Meta's words. Now, we found from our testing that it really just requires messaging but it doesn't hurt if you're not getting the results and outcomes you want to also factor in the tests of themes and visuals. Either way, moral of the story, once you get to the point where you realize you're going to need, as I said, about 25 to 30 unique creatives every time that you go to launch an ad set, you don't have to do that every time over. Once those one to three ads distribute and take all the reach and all the spend, and they inevitably fatigue and your pocket runs out, you're just going to relaunch the adset and just pull out one to three and you can load up a new one to three. And then the other 22 to 25 that you loaded up, depending on how many you launched with, will put you in a position where you're now testing all over again. cuz the smaller ones that didn't get reached that had pennies spent before, they deserve to have spend go to them again. So, it gets efficient after the first time that you do it, unless you find whatever you're running not bringing in the right people. And then you got to go back to the drawing board and consider what are reasons that are probable to actually attract the specific people that you want to have come through that funnel. Messaging is literally everything. It does all the targeting nowadays. Meta is a broad targeting platform now. Meaning, yes, your targeting is there, but it's counted as suggestive nowadays. Okay? And so what that means is is messaging controls everything. I hope this video helps you. Go check out all my other videos on my channel. They're far helpful for people that are rich trying to get a lot richer. Check out the links down in the description. Subscribe to the channel if you haven't done so yet. Listen, at the very least, give me a thumbs up and a comment down below on what you thought. Appreciate all your feedback. Go out there and get richer. toxin.

  Top Comments:
  1. @theextraordinnairs7028 [4 likes]: Hello Tony Stark 😂
  2. @JustinKellyMcClure [2 likes]: Good info…

So with 25 ads, various hooks and angles, you recommend 1 CBO and 1 ad set…then make new ad sets eliminating the ads that got most of the spend in the 1st ad set?
  3. @MariaGomez-lg2ug [1 likes]: With Andromeda, everyone's talking about consolidating all ads into one set, but how do I know if my ads are working on the top or bottom of the funnel?

And most importantly: what happens to retargeting now that we have custom audiences? Why is nobody talking about it now with Andromeda? Does it still make sense to separate prospecting from retargeting, or do we just let Meta decide the entire funnel?
  4. @prateekgupta1447 [1 likes]: Firstly, Fab video, thanks for this. 
Couple of questions however:

1. Wouldn't duplicating the adset result in competing adset for same audience resulting in higher cpms?

2. In how many days do you recommend shutting non performing ads from the pool of relaunched creatives that had not spent earlier?
  5. @yoelgerstein [1 likes]: "Become richer" - Jeremy Haynes 10/29/2025
  6. @hasherazizi2588 [1 likes]: Great value as always 🔥
  7. @JeremyHaynesTraining: Join The Inner Circle 👉 https://dmmguide.com/inner-circle 

Get A FREE Week Of My Master Internet Marketing Program 👉 https://masterinternetmarketing.com/membership-area/d9d5bd1a45e
  8. @gavinwiener: How much ad spend would you need to have as a minimum on the ad set to give that 20-25 a proper chance?
  9. @nasrodineelghalbzouri4849: How would you implement Andromeda for an online furniture e-commerce store that sells multiple product categories (mirrors, buffets etc)...?
  10. @edvinberggren2794: Hello How many images and text variants do you recommend in 1 ad. Is best practice still running flexible ads with maxed out pictures and text?
  11. @hanee012: Thank you so much again for the video — I really appreciate it. I was hoping you could help me with a quick question.

I’m stuck in a dilemma: my Meta purchase campaign is still in the learning phase because I’m under 50 conversions, and my daily budget is only $46. I want to test a few new ads, but I’m not sure what’s the best way to scale while still moving toward exiting the learning phase. Should I create a new campaign (which wouldn’t help this one reach 50 conversions), or add another ad set to my current campaign and split the $46 budget?

What would you recommend as the best approach to scale and add new ads without disrupting the learning phase?
  12. @AgentiveAI: I know your messaging is fire, but I feel dumb that I dont understand most of this. I'll have to watch some more videos and come back to this!
  13. @tuckertheremedy: Should I separate Catalog Ads into their own campaign and not mix them with manually created ads, or should I mix all different ad types together post-Andromeda?
  14. @ConnorClarkCallahan: This was helpful. Thanks dude
  15. @kenny.bender: Very helpful Jeremy. Cool to see you in blue blockers, I'd love to send you a pair from my brand! (I bet you'll like them better than your current pair)
  16. @jonah.platovsky: Fire content as always
  17. @atoproductions237: Super value right here
  18. @Newdesignerz: AWESOME VIDEO BROTHER!
Also if you're looking for a Short Form Video Editor then do let me know
We Provide 30 Videos for just $350.
Would love to work on your Brand 😇
  19. @ecomwithsage: Yup
  20. @ghostofmoredishesmorebitch1507: First

- The ONLY Way to Run Meta Ads After the Andromeda Update (2026) — Full Walkthrough + Live Example: Kind: captions Language: en Hello everyone, welcome to our new video. In this video, I'll show you how should you create a meta ads campaign after the endometa update. Okay, so without any further delay, let's get started. So first of all I'll be discussing about what is Andromeda and what are the key features or benefits of using uh this you know and in the later part of the video I'll demonstrate you how I implemented everything according to andromea in a live meta at scale web. Okay, perfect. So let's good to know what is and endomet. So you can see over here I have created a docu for the andromeda and I have collected uh everything from the official documentation of meta. Okay. So if you search uh what is andromeda then you can uh get the meta ads official documentation about the andromea update. Okay. So you can see the meta androme meta update is a significant change to its ad delivery system replacing manual interestbased targeting with an AIdriven model that prioritizes creative diversity and broad targeting. You know with Andromeda uh creative content such as the image, headline and caption now act as the primary signal for matching ads to users shifting to the focus from who to target to what to show and how to show it. You know advertisers uh must adapt by consolidating campaigns using board targeting and provide a wide variety of ad creatives to feed the AI algorithm. So what are the key aspects of the endometa update? You can see over here I have mentioned couple of uh key aspects. One of them are AIdriven ad retrieval. Andromea is Matter's new AI system that scans thousands of ads to predict which one uh which ones a user is likely to engage with making decisions in real time. Okay, so very important point. Then the next one is shift from targeting to creative. The era of hyperspecific interest based targeting is over. The success of a campaign now depends more on the quality and variety of creative content than on the target audience. So these two are the most important of key aspects of Android updates. Okay. Then broad targeting is the key to allow the AI to learn and optimize effectively. Advertisers should use broad targeting instead of complex segmented audiences. Then creative diversity. Instead of focusing on finding a single winning ad, the new strategy involves creating a diverse portfolio of ads with different angles, tones, and formats. This gives the AI more option to mess with the right users. And the last one is consolidated campaigns. The update encourages advertiser to consolidate their adsets into fewer broad campaigns to simplify campaign structure and give the algorithm more budget to work with. Okay, perfect. So this is the theoretical part of the Android update and in the later part of the video we'll show you how we have implemented all of them in a live campaign. Okay. So I have created uh a mirror uh campaign strategy strategy uh for the Android meta update. Okay. So you can see uh here we'll have one campaign. So you can have multiple campaigns. No worries. For example, uh if you create a campaign for website leads and there should be one adset and you can give CBO or as the adset budget, you know, where you will target broad audience, okay, and you can only customize, gender, and location, you know, like uh if you want uh to run an ads uh for a gym, for example, uh I'll in the in the later part of the video, I am going to talking about a gym centers for example the a targeting would be 18 to 45 gender would be female and location would be junal for example. So you you can only customize this broad audiences or broad targeting and what you can do is you can give retargeting signals in the same ads set. So make sure you are creating only one adset where you will have the forward targeting and along with the board targeting you are giving retargeting signals like website visitors for last 180 days 50% video viewers of Facebook and Instagram pages Facebook uh and Instagram uh engagers for the last 365 days or one year. Okay. So this is the uh thing you need to do after the Android meta update. Uh then we need to go to the ads. So you can see over here I have uh I will have at least 10 to 12 ads in one ad set. This is called creative diversity you know. So you can create uh an ads for uh UGC reals video. Then ads two could be UGC long video. Add three could be for testimonial video one. Add four testimonial reals. Add five service video. Add six feature video. Add seven static single image. Add eight 10 kogal image. Add nine carel videos. Add 10 benefit videos. So uh you can give 8 to 12 ads for uh for for this ad set and uh in each ad you need to use five different uh headlines and primary text. So this needs to be uh this needs to be specific for each ads you know. So we are giving so many options, so many angles, so many diversity to our meta ads then meta algorithm will uh debug the performance on the on the basis of creatives. Okay. So uh and after each 14 days or 2 weeks you need to shuffle the ad creatives you know uh so you can keep the best performing one and you can pause the low performing one based on CTR conversions cost per conversions. So those are the things. Now let's move on the live campaign. Uh how we have implemented uh these sort of things in a real campaign. So you can see over here I'm one of the ads accounts of one of my uh clients. Okay. So let's select so I I'm running uh so many campaigns for them. So let's select one of them this one. So let's edit this and show you uh how we made the changes. So I have created this campaign yesterday. Okay. And campaign budget is this. Then uh we are optimizing from for website leads. Okay. So this is the campaign and this is the targeting. You can see over here conversion location website performance goals maximize number of conversions. Then uh this is the data set name or pixel name. Previously we called pixel now it is data set jun uh black Friday. Okay. So this is targeted for the black Friday. Then conversion event is definitely leads. Then it will be ending on November 28th. Then you can see over here in the audiences uh as I told you you can make changes uh for three parameters uh gender, locations and uh what is the other one? Let me show you. Uh age, gender and location. Okay. So we have made changes uh for uh only the location for for this instance. So you can see over here uh I'm including jundalab 10 mile radius and excluding some of the other locations. Okay. And we're giving the audience signal. So this is kind of Google ads performance max audience signal. You need to give the signal to meta then they will uh give you the performance on the basis of uh data you know. So you can see over here 50% video views jundle app last 1 year meta page engagers jundle app last 1 year then website visitor last 6 month Instagram engages last one year okay and if you just a minute uh if you go to ads then you can see over here I have created uh 10 to 12 ads for this. So this one is for testimonial uh by uh by a customer. This is a short video format. Then uh this is the gym coordinator uh video ads. Then carel images. I have used 10 kogel images. Then UGC body pump with the trainer. Okay. Then static images. Okay. Then I have used carogel videos. then UGC uh UGC uh long videos, then UGC short videos, then first impression testimonial video, then the company owner uh is describing about his services with the long video you can see over here. So those are the different variations, those are the different ad angles, those are the different ad creatives I'm providing. So I would suggest you after the and in each ads ads I'm using five different primary text, five different headlines, five different call uh no only one call to action. I'm not using five. So five different primary text and five different headlines. So what you can do is you can you can uh follow this structure like one campaign, one ad set with broad targeting and different types of retargeting audience signals and 10 to 12 ads with uh different varieties like one for single image then testimonial UC then carel videos, carel images, static images. Okay. So uh then uh your the company owner is describing about your services, features or benefits you know. So you need to give uh three stages uh funnels videos like top of the funnel, middle of the funnel, bottom of the funnel because you don't know which one uh is going to be performing. So I would request you to follow this structure and make the campaign then you will see you will be profitable with the meta ads. Okay. So yeah that's it for this uh video. Hopefully you have liked our video. If you like our video then you can subscribe our channel follow our page. You have a good day.

  Top Comments:
  1. @NamoHealthcare [1 likes]: Since I run a product-based business, should I stop using separate Awareness, Engagement, and Conversion campaigns and instead run just one campaign (like Sales or Awareness) with multiple creatives for all funnel stages — and let Meta automatically show the right ad to people based on where they are in the funnel ?
  2. @MdSobuj-oj7on: ভাই গুগল এডস কাজে পেতে হলে কি web analytic শেখাটা জুরুরি?
নাকি শুধু Google ads শিখেই করা যায়?
ভালো কোন গাইডলাইন পাচ্ছি না, মাথাটা নস্ট হয়ে যাচ্ছে ভাই
কিভাবে কতটুকু শিখলে যে ভালো হয়?সেটাই বুঝতেছি না।

- Evolving Creative for Meta’s Andromeda and the Opportunity of Mobile Game Ads (Bonus Episode): Kind: captions Language: en If you've been on DTC Twitter, you've seen the apocalypse. It's here. It's coming. Andromeda, which is an awesome name, by the way. Facebook crushing the naming conventions. People are blaming Andromeda for poor performance in October right now. Is it Andromeda or do people just have less money right now? We need to either be good at making content or work with people that are good at us. You could be anywhere in the world at any size, and if you're creating great content, you can earn your way into people's for you feeds. Want to pause, take a break cuz we have a special guest. We have Kathy Sun, the VP of e-commerce from Apple 11 here to talk about Apple 11 self-serve Axon ads manager. We have actually only been around for a year. It's basically showing long-form video ads in mobile games. So, they're around 35 seconds long on average. But, we disclosed last year we were about a billion in e-commerce, 10 billion in gaming [music] spend. And I think last quarter we were growing 80% year-over-year. So, one of our advertisers that joined very recently, they're kind of like a small brand, like a two-person shop selling [music] cookware. So, we jumped in and we tried to explain all this stuff to them. Their revenue within a month jumped [music] from 12K to 130K. Apple 11 I just think it's closer to how most brands and teams are operating on Meta, which I think just gives it more familiarity. It's just me and Connor today. I don't even have to say which I guess I'll say it once. I'll say Connor McDonald, Connor Mac MD. And then after that I just It's an easy episode for me. I just get to say, "Hey Connor, what do you think about this?" Yeah, you know, we didn't Cody and I didn't realize Connor Rowland wasn't joining until about 5 minutes ago. And I was like, "Oh, I got to lock in a little bit more." I I am you know, 20% more of this podcast now relies on on my my commentary here. So, yeah, I'm ready to do it. 20% more of the podcast, 50% more of the Connors. >> [laughter] >> Yeah, 100%. >> Well, we we miss him. What's he doing? I think he's flying back to Denver. I think he was in LA for the week. He was in LA for the week. Um Did you see his Did you see his costume? He was the guy from uh I dude, I'm not familiar with Jack Black movies, but I think it was Nacho Libre. I don't I didn't know the movie, but he looked good. He looked fantastic. He looked way better than Jack Black cuz like right next to Jack Black he's like short and pudgy and Connor's like tall and jacked. He's like a evolved form of Jack Black really. >> the only feedback of the costume. Otherwise, he looked great. Yeah, yeah, yeah, 100%. How about you? You dressing up at all? Today's Halloween as we're recording this. Uh dude, I'm not I'm going to I'm going to I'm going to play by ear tonight. I might go to a party with my brother and some of his friends. I got a priest costume as a backup. >> Hey, we should I think it's sick. Do pre priest outfits underrated fits, I think. They're pretty tight with like the with the white collar. Like not like not like full not like full, you know, Catholic [laughter] Pope, but I love it. I love it. I We'll see if my wife makes me dress up. It's uh it's probably the first year my daughter will get to enjoy it. So, if I have to, I will, but we'll see. I I think though. Somebody invited me to like a 7:00 thing on their porch and I was like, "My son's going to be sleeping by 7:00." Like totally. I'm out, but yeah. All right, cool. Um today got a fun one. I I actually probably being a terrible moderator cuz I really just did the episode plan and it's a lot of my tweets. I often when you moderate you'll pick one of my tweets. Um I feel like you haven't had as many tweets lately. I think you've been actually like whether you're been moving or actually working or or going to World Series games. So, yeah. A little bit of both. Yeah, yeah. So, I picked some of mine, but I'm but I'm excited to have a conversation about them and just get your thoughts and you can tell me where I'm right and where I'm wrong. The perfect. Let's do it. Cool. Well, before we do that, as always want to thank our sponsors. Today we got a special bonus episode, so very excited. We'll have a great guest. Kathy from Apple 11 is going to join us later, but right now we want to thank our sponsors. We have Motion, Ridge Panel, Prescient AI, AfterSell, and House. Let's get into it. >> [music] >> So, I don't know about you guys, but we are fully locked in on Black Friday, Cyber Monday, and holiday sale at Hexclad. Motion is, as always, a very big part of this. We do a ton of just iterations on evergreen ads with like Black Friday sale banners. So, we're just taking literally our top-performing ads from the entire year, slapping a banner on them, and that's at least one part of our content stack for BFCM. So easy just to use Motion to look at like last 90, last 6 months, year-to-date, which ads are getting us the best efficiency, which ads are getting us the best scale. It's like a really quick and easy way to pull out report in Motion and then come up with just a bunch of overlays on your evergreen ads. That's one way we're using Motion as we head into the peak season for us. The other way we're using it is for more like instantaneous feedback. So, we're saying, "Hey, we did that, but we also shot and produced all these seasonal ads. So, which ones are performing best?" we'll iterate on those like during BFCM. So, all of this is getting powered by Motion reports. It's just the quickest, the easiest way to see what's working, what's not. Connor, how are you guys using Motion at Ridge to inform your Black Friday, Cyber Monday, and holiday ad decisions? We're in a similar headspace. We did a an exercise that I was calling a bottoms-up planning this year where we granularly looked at what worked at what times throughout, you know, late October, November, December last year. That all comes from analyzing our creative. So, we got that foundational approach of what are the things we want to be prioritizing. And then we can get into the fact of what are the new things that we want to be trying this year. And Motion really kind of led point on a lot of that analysis. Cody, how about you? Yeah, same thing. Like we'll have everybody propose their strategy and their plan, but like there should be no reason to start from scratch. Like there's no, you know, blank page, I think. You got to hit that like 80/20 of explore and exploit, but I think for for exploiting like you got to look at what's performed well. And, you know, we try to have a lot of warm-up points. Like we will have like a holiday kits launched soon. We have Labor Day. We have last Black Friday. So, we just build a report of all of them. We just see what traits perform well, anything that you can filter by naming convention. So, we don't have to start with a blank screen, and then we're able to just get more pinpointed in in our strategy hopefully each launch. And and lastly, one thing I really really appreciate about Motion is you don't need to like be this expert in how to use the tool. Like like they're very good at getting you on-boarded, getting your data ingested and connected, and then training you on it exactly how to use the tool. So, if you've been dragging your feet, it's time to get going with Motion. Head over to motionapp.com. All right. So, if anybody has been not living under a rock, if you've been on DTC Twitter, you've seen the apocalypse. It's here. It's coming. Andromeda, which is an awesome name, by the way. Like I think we have to get meta meta credit for that name. It sounds like a some some five-headed monster, but it's funny because Yeah, well, just quickly cuz I did some research on this a couple weeks ago. So, I'm not going to be able to recollect as well as I'd like, but Andromeda, they name a bunch of their internal projects off of Greek mythology. So, like the glasses are called Orion. You've got the Orion constellation. You've got Andromeda. You've got That does make sense cuz it's a badass name. Their like big uh AI cluster is another Greek mythological being or something. Um and Andromeda is some sort of woman. I'm not going to I guys remember the story. We'll have to circle back on this later, but Facebook crushing the naming conventions. Absolutely. Absolutely. So, Andro It's just so funny cuz like especially I feel So, I feel like there's DTC Twitter, and then there's like e-com Twitter, and there there's definitely overlap, but that's a little bit more of like the drop shipping affiliate type space and like the the YouTube gurus. And for some reason like they're just learning about Andromeda now and like the blaming performance right now Andromeda, which came out beginning of the year last year for some things. Um but it's obviously like don't get me wrong, it is a huge thing. I just I just find it funny that right now everybody's talking about it. a lot of people are talking about creative diversity. Um believe that's an old old wooden ship. You know, one one thing we should just make the point. And then I do want to jump into People are blaming Andromeda for poor performance in October right now. Uh you and I are always aligned on this. It pops up like every 9 months or whatever. I got a I got a great stat from our Google rep. She sent me a snapshot. The economic sentiment index has dropped to its lowest level in over 3 years while the potential of November suspension of SNAP benefits will intensify the budget crisis for essential goods shoppers. It's one of those things where it's like, "Is it Andromeda or do people just have less money right now? Are people squeezed for cash?" It feel The government's shut down for 30 days now. Like is there enough uncertainty or enough people affected that people are buying largely people are buying in essential goods on Shopify sites at a slightly lower rate? Like I would bet that's more of what it is versus this like the boogeyman of Andromeda. Absolutely. Yeah, no, I completely agree. Um Barry Haught just tweeted. Maybe we'll put it in the show notes, but Barry Haught just tweeted essentially said the same thing. Like stop blaming Andromeda. Like it's the government shutdown. Like there are so many people out of work. And obviously there were, you know, fiscal concerns ahead of that. So, yeah. No, there's I mean I don't know if you saw the Chipotle earnings yesterday. Chipotle's down like 15%. They're blaming on consumers not spending. A lot of people are blaming it Chipotle on their food quality going down. What's your take on that? Cuz I'm a Chipotle fan. Do you think they've gone down? >> I eat so much Chipotle. >> Uh Do you think they've gone down? Do you think the prices has become high relative to the value? The all The prices of everything are high, frankly. >> [snorts] >> Um uh Chipotle's still good in my book. I I have It wasn't nearly as much of a consumer 8 years ago when people I guess say it was like incredible, but I think it is a perfectly fine meal right now. I eat it all the time. Um do you ever get catering? Cuz like I always joke that if my wife was out of town for a week, I would just get Chipotle catering for a week. No, that's smart though. >> you you dude, you're you're living in LA, you're you're living the bachelor life. I don't know. Yeah, yeah, I should probably I should think about it. But I like I brought that up earlier this year. I remember there was a good um set of statistics where I think it was Cava, Chipotle, and Sweetgreen were all declining growth year-over-year or slowing growth year-over-year, something like that. And honestly, I think that consumer is a great um Like that is the type of person who's also shopping online. Like that is a predominant like you are affluent enough where you're going to Chipotle, you're not just buying Walmart groceries and and those are, you know, e-commerce is only 30% right now. We already know it's the most affluent shoppers shopping on D2C sites. And I think there's just a lot of overlap between that online buyer and the Chipotle, Cava, Sweetgreen customer. And when all those restaurants are slowing year-over-year, I think it's a good indicator for how the rest of the D2C ecosystem might be feeling. Yeah, yeah. No, I agree with that. And and uh I think they said it's it's younger consumers and you know, it's like the 25 to 35 range is really where it seems to be tapped out or struggling the most. Totally. The one thing I said I don't know if you ever saw that tweet. I'm a I'm a big Chipotle fan, but there was like one guy who went to like 40 different Chipotles and ordered the same thing. He got like 40 burritos. Did you see that one? And he like compared them and they were like wildly different. Yeah, well, the Chipotle by my house in Salt Lake was wildly wildly inconsistent. I once got a salad and they put the the salad on top. They put the lettuce on top. Um like they just they had no idea what they were doing. And then you would go into the store and they'd give you a completely different they'd really take care of you. So, Chipotle um can be experienced in many different ways across locations, across in-store, delivery, etc. but I'm bullish. I like the the the the steak bowls are good. Yeah. So, glad we got that out of the way. The economy sucks. We can complain about it all day. Obviously, like it's it's important. Like brands need to know it. Like don't fire your agencies, fire your team because the economy sucks. Like it is a lot harder and don't get me wrong, the standards are are higher. But we we have to be realistic about it. That being said, there's nothing we can do about that. So, let's talk about what we love to talk about. Absolutely. Give us the summary. Like what's your take on these changes? Just like give the the listener who maybe is less informed understanding what Andromeda is, when it came out, why everyone is freaking about it right now freaking out about it right now. Yeah, totally. Um we covered this back in I it was like April, I believe, is when we first did our podcast on it, which basically shows you kind of the the latency between D2C Twitter and e-com Twitter, maybe. The big difference with Andromeda is that they they've released this new more efficient AI engine so that they think they can reference more creative in the ad auction to better match creative with the user. And their point was that they are able to improve ad match quality because of that. And it was something like they were improve improving ad match quality 8% by being able to reference more creative. Now, what the reps will tell you and what the Meta organization will tell you is that because of this change, um the importance of a large amount of diverse creative is more important than ever because now Meta's actually utilizing that in order to serve ads to consumers. So, everybody is now that is like the goal of Andromeda. That is the guidance around how your creative strategy can change. And that is what people are freaking out about right now. So, so practically, what does this look like? What do brands need to do different? Like let's let's get into that or is there any more that you want to share on like the actual underpinnings or cuz there are other changes. There's like gem and lattice and stuff like that. I don't understand it all. My my understanding is just all of this AI, tons of compute thrown at it, and it's just like you need more ads than ever before and you need more different ads than ever before. Right. That's And I think that is as far as like the the important parts of what you need to understand, I think that's more or less it. Yeah, and I I think people have been talking about creative diversity for a while, right? For a year, maybe 2 years. And I I don't feel like it's ever been um super well defined and I feel like with these conversations that people have been having, we're getting closer to that. Of defining what that actually looks like. I also think the big difference I mean, look, I'm sure you guys have been in the same bucket, but the problem with hey, you need diverse creative and we would produce all this creative and it just maybe wouldn't get spend, right? So, so at least the way that I would connect those my experience so far with what Meta is now telling me is like, yeah, a year and a half ago when we were producing a bunch of creative, their ad matching engine was not utilizing the entire catalog of ads in order to serve it to a person. It would be, you know, for the sake of simplicity and efficiency, they would focus on a subset of your ads and then match those with users. So, theoretically, I completely understand, hey, if they are way better at utilizing the catalog, now diversity can actually be utilized at a higher rate and we will benefit from that. So, again, I I think it's all a little TBD. All right, my media buyers will say, hey, we're still kind of not seeing much ad spend get get floated down to the account across this like long tail of ads. Um but it seems as if from a technical perspective, Meta is continuing to invest in this future of massive ad selection and now they are better utilizing all of that. Yeah. The and the one thing that I think everyone seems to be freaking out about and I I I think for good reason and people starting to come around to is the what constitutes a different ad in Meta and to be to be considered different. My understanding of it, and I know nothing about AI and models, is like there are so many ads and there's so much that is Meta's throwing at it and like they're just going to bucket things together as kind of the same ad if they think it doesn't really change the um really though, it's all going back to like the bare auction outcome. It's kind of like if we don't think that this small headline change or even a uh a different visual but with the same offer and the same messaging is going to really change the auction dynamics or like the engagement or the potential conversion rate, we're going to bucket that together and I think that saves them compute and that can kind of say, hey, we don't really have to scan those. We can put resources on other advertisers, other auctions, other bigger swings. So, I think that's the thing that like I was personally very shocked to learn and I think I've been thinking about this a lot and and and advising my team to make ads that look different, right? That if you're doing statics, don't just do, hey, I'm going to do the same image with a different headline. Like I want to do a different ad. I'm like if we're going to change the image, like let's change it more different. But I think like some of those things that either have different message like one like you can have the same ad, one's about a sale, one's about, you know, a feature. Meta buckets those together even though you're like, those are actually we're saying different things because they look similar. Or if you have the similar headline, doesn't have to be the same, similar, right? Like feel great, right? And you have a white background with a grid format and then you have a blue background with a different format. Off not always, but Meta is often saying that those are also a very similar ad. Yeah. And I think [clears throat] that has blown people's minds a little bit. Totally. Um Yeah, look, and I think everybody's still trying to like wrap their minds around what it means to be creative divert creatively diverse and how do you like operationalize that and action that? Uh we were talking about this internally it cuz I think it's helpful is we're we're thinking it more we're thinking about it more from the perspective of what does content look like that people often consume. Like um and I was just I was just making this point. I think we're like over indexing and maybe this segues nicely into one of your points, but like we'll we'll over index quite a bit on performance UGC. Lot of well-done, quick-cutting UGC. Only only some percentage of the Instagram platform actually consumes content that looks like that. So, we should be thinking and we actually have many examples of this, too. Um we'll try things that look like headlines from articles, right? The like uh did you know style uh blocks and then it'll have a big headline like it's breaking news, something like that. That is a new format. That is a very consistently consumed style of content across Instagram and I think creatively diverse. And then if you're put in that mindset, memes are another one. Like memes are different than news articles, are different than UGC, are different than um you know, like beautiful static ads that like people really like consuming. So, I think it's almost like we're thinking ad first. Like, okay, I am the ad strategist. How do I create diversity? And that can be a little bit overwhelming thinking about it more from the perspective of what are people consuming? Has at least been helpful for our internal processes. Is it is this a shift? Like are you is this a shift where you think best practice was or it was it worked to think what ads should we create for this product and shifting to what is social what is organic content that people are consuming in that demo? Is that is that a shift that you guys are making or you think it should have always been done this way? Oh, yeah. No, it's a good question. I mean, it's probably it it probably Well, look, here here's the question. I don't I don't I don't have a an answer, but historically, pre-Andromeda, if you created extremely diverse content in the way that I just described, going content first instead of like, I like the way that you phrased it, ads for a product first, um would would Meta serve budgets across that different content? The answer's like sometimes it would, sometimes it wouldn't. So, I don't know what I would have considered best practice or if we should have been doing something differently. Our strategy has like I think objectively worked to some degree. Um so, I'm not like, oh my god, we've been missing the ball. It's like, but we need to be in the mindset of how are we continuing to evolve with content consumption online and ad algorithms online and like how and and, you you to your points around just reaching net new people, we need to be in that mindset and I think these all kind of are pointing in that direction. Lately, every marketer I talk to says the same thing. The pressure's on, budgets are tight, goals are higher than ever, and I have to prove what's working, not just report it. That's the new reality of marketing. You can't afford to rely on guesses or platform reported results. You need clear, unbiased, causal proof of what's actually driving growth, and that's exactly where Haus comes in. Incrementality testing is the scientific way to measure true impact. It is the most unbiased way to understand true impact, to see what's moving the needle and what's just noise, so you can reallocate spend based on fact, not faith. All of the marketing operators use Haus for their incrementality testing at Hexclad, Jones Road, Beauty and Ridge, and it's becoming a core part of the modern measurement stack. Haus helps you run real experiments across your channels you can answer questions that actually matter, like, which channels are truly driving incremental revenue and which are just taking credit? How much should I really be spending on Meta, Google, and YouTube? What's the halo effect of ads on Amazon or retail sales? And how should I structure my campaign so every dollar goes towards real, measurable impact? What sets Haus apart is the combination of unbiased, rigorous science, and marketer-friendly design. The math under the hood is very complex, but the platform itself is very, very simple. You choose your question, you launch your test in minutes, and you get clear, actual results you can actually use. Plus, every customer, every brand gets a dedicated measurement strategist, and I will tell you what, the Haus measurement strategist team is very dialed in. They are very strategic helping you set these tests up in a way where you're going to get statistically significant results that are actionable. And ultimately, there's someone who has lived in the world of growth and they know how to translate data into strategy, interpret the results, and build a repeatable culture of experimentation across your team. In a world where every marketing dollar is under a microscope, you need to know what's real. Measure what matters with Haus by going to haus.io/operators. That's haus.io/operators. And start allocating your budget with confidence. All right, so I have a list. I tweeted about this this morning, had a newsletter on it. I just have been thinking a lot about this as I plan. So, I'm going to read it. Just stop me for feedback where you agree, where you disagree. But I think I think this goes nicely together. >> Could you share your screen? Yeah, let me do that. You guys seeing this? I'm seeing it. All right, cool. So, all right, I want to start this with number five. To me, this is like where it starts, the underpinning. I think, and this is not like, you know, I'm I I spend most of my time thinking about Jones Road. So, this is not like, oh, Jones Road is doing this great, everyone's bad. Like, this is like, Jones Road is doing this bad and we need to get better. We have to evolve. But I think this is true for Jones Road and this is true for a lot of brands. I think social has changed so much, right? And and I think a lot of teams haven't adapted or evolved. I think so many teams, again, this is this is Jones Road, are stuck it a little bit still in like the the feed-based follower era of Instagram that was pre-TikTok. Mhm. And you created content and it was mostly served to your followers. And, you know, I think there's just a different style of content that works. It's a different place in the funnel. People are consuming platforms different It was a little bit more social media or something else, but, you know, where where they wanted to see what brands had to say and things like that. And with TikTok, every platform is TikTok. Like, I think sometimes people will talk about TikTok and they'll they'll be like, make big TikToks, not not ads, you know, like, followers don't matter. And and they'll kind of like so like organic social teams will do that. And then when they get to Instagram, they'll have a very different approach. And I'm not like, don't throw the baby out with the bathwater. Like, there's still value in doing like some more branded stuff on Instagram and like having a brand presence, but I think every platform that ha almost every platform has a short-form vertical video algorithmically generated feed Mhm. that shows content to people that engage with it that are not necessarily followers. And you can look and and you can look at some brands or celebrities that have millions of followers that get very few views. And I think TikTok is the the most extreme example of this where you can have millions of followers and get almost no views or, you know, vice versa. I've seen some people stand up like Instagram accounts quickly and just make this like super socially native, engaging content, get millions of views on it with like 2,000, you know, followers. I So, I just I just think that is the platform and the algorithm. And it's I'm sure there are differences, but it's not that dissimilar between organic and paid. And people I think what it means, we'll talk about next, but I think people are going to be served content, whether it's an ad or an organic post, um that they engage with, that the algorithm thinks they're going to engage with, right? And no one is seeing the same feed. It's just like whole like monoculture thing is dead. Or it used to be like back 40 years ago, maybe even 20 years ago, it's like, you do a TV ad, everyone sees the same media, there's no personalization, right? And now we're in like the complete other end of the spectrum where it's hyper-personalization at scale. That's like a a term Meta uses a lot. And again, it's true on organic and paid. And I think that is like the real underpinning behind this creative [snorts] differentiation. And it really it's it's style content goes into everything, but it's really who are you creating content for and it's going to be served to people that engage with it versus your followers. Right. Okay, so I think this is an interesting point. One, I totally agree. You know, the the For You feed For You feed For You feed is is a massive shift in social media consumption that happened many years ago at this point. I do think what you're describing and the way that I've been thinking about it, too, is it's forced organic social to be more competitive. You You You previously had almost a captive audience. If I had 100,000 followers and I just posted on my feed and the feed the follower base, I would get distribution and I didn't have to compete nearly as much with other people. Now, it's democratized it a little bit. You could have You could You could start an account today and go viral if you had the right post. Totally. And it's what I joke all the time, dude. I think I think organic social especially like Instagram, um Reels, people are so incredibly good, it's unbelievable. Like Like, just random people in in rural flyover states are making like incredible content because it is Yeah, it's democratized. You could be anywhere in the world at any size, and if you're creating great content, you can earn your way into people's For You feeds. And that has forced content creators to take a more performance lens to things. I think organic social's also become more analytical, right? Um and you can definitely see that with with with some things like YouTube where the random creator's thinking about retention rates and click-through rates and things like that. Um so, I agree with all of this. One point, I think you make it in a different tweet, you say, you guys want to be creating content that gets shared and prioritizing that. Tho- Those these two observations, um you know, creating more content for the For You feed, and then in another thought, you said creating content, ad content in this context, that gets shared, those feel very connected. Would you agree? Yeah, I I think so cuz I think good content is good content. And, you know, you talked about the the social feed is more competitive. Like, that's true across organic and paid, you know? And I think there there should be at least what I've noticed is our best ads, our best performing ads that we can scale the hardest, there is and this is maybe a controversial take in direct response land. There is value in those ads outside of buying something, if you know what I mean. Like, there's some either humor, relatability, education, something like that, entertainment that is of the content outside of ads. And I think the stuff that is just selling, it's outside of like a bottom-of-funnel static, right? I'm talking like top-of-funnel video content, there's there's some value in that. And I think it's obviously a good algorithmic signal, but it's a good algorithmic signal because people are are liking it and Meta's looking at that. This reminds me a little bit of like, you know, David Herman's a big proponent of with a very small percentage of your budget, leave on the ads that are getting good engagement rates despite maybe not having a high ROAS, which is which is kind of what we're saying. And I think the future's definitely some mix. Ridge in the in the past is for sure exclusively focused on the content that's generating ROAS on a measurable basis. Um I do think best-case scenario would be some amount of the account focused on shareability, engagement, because there is value created outside of your one-day click ROAS. Yeah, absolutely. Totally agree. But what But what I do think is I think there's a lot of fantastic content that gets really high engagement that's not generating intent and and isn't creating all that much value. That's why I I do think best-case scenario for someone like Ridge is it's it is a single-digit percentage of budget going to this like engagement-first approach because a lot of the time when we're spending money on Meta, we want to be trying to generate intent. So, at least from Ridge's perspective, we want to be we want to be um far and away uh focused on the the intent-generating content. Yeah, yeah. No, I absolutely agree. And if we were looking at some of the content, I'm thinking like, we had some partnership ads where like, you know, a a girl said, um or like a mom said her kid just woke up for a nap, just woke up from a nap, and like she had 5 minutes to do makeup, but it was there there was just some emotion to that that you could kind of feel that like was relatable to a parent, right? Even though it was like and then she's using product and it's selling, you know? It's just like there's some emotion that it's invoking rather than just buy this thing. So, I agree with you. You can go Yeah. There there's a Venn diagram and and the overlap is probably smaller than I'm making it out to be. But I think the point is there is an overlap. It's not organic here and and DR here. Like there is more of an overlap. Um that that I think needs to happen. And then this goes to my next point. So you know how like this is going to be one of those like statements that you're probably going to be like, yes, like where have you been? Like you've been sleeping? You know how like Mark Andreessen says software is eating the world? Like for our world creator is eating the world. Mhm. We're just we're in the creator era. We've been in it, but like we're very much in the creator era. I think brands are not uniquely positioned to succeed in this era. I think there there there are some, don't get me wrong. And I think the most successful brands and you obviously see creators turn into brands, you know? But I think brands either need to have that engine. It was like 5 years ago when everyone's like, yeah, you have to be a media company. And everyone tried to have their like, you know, Into the Gloss version. It's just like everything obviously for for a consumer brand is is is audience and is is attention. But creators are where all the attention is going. It's not going to your your your press, right? It's not going to TV screens. It's going to these screens and feeds. And you know, we need to either be good at making content or work with people that are good at. So I think that's why partnership ads are working well. But I think that's why I also think this like direct response UGC from these agencies like I again, I'm I think it's dead or dying. I know it still works for some people, but I think I think I think we're in the creator era and I think we used to be in this era where we were in the editor era, right? Where I know you've talked about it. I know Taylor Holiday even said it like that like your highest paid person on your marketing team should be an editor. I'm not saying there's no value in having a a great creative library and being able to make assets, but I think with these Andromeda changes, there's just there's there's a ceiling on it that's a lot lower than it used to be. What's your thoughts on that? Do you Well, let me I have one question here. Uh do you think brands are not well suited to win in the creator era? And is that because content consumption has moved away? Like it will just be hard to drive volume from a single brand profile? Or do you think it's just that brands internally are are not as good at creating content in the way that they need? The latter. I think I think I think both, but the latter is just like not as much native in their DNA. No, again, some it is. Some some it is and then and they crush, you know? Whether they're a Feastables type creator brand, you know, started by a creator like those brands I think are are uniquely positioned, or whether it's just somebody who just really gets it. Mhm. But I I think the majority of like DTC brands, DTC 2.0 brands, it's not their native instinct. Yeah, totally. Um what I would say, at least how how I'm We we have a listing out we're hiring director of social at Ridge. We haven't had an organic social person for 2 years. Um it's going to be a it's going to be a a new hire director level. I'm super excited about it. And what's funny and how it's very related here is like it almost the way it's specked out is it's almost going to be like a performance role. Like it is it is about you're going to have to have the chops to create great content. We're going to have someone curating a beautiful feed. It is how are we getting distribution on these organic channels? The way that I see all these coming together is like I think a big part of this role will be harnessing the power of a larger set of creators. I think we're And and many people are already here, right? But like the best organic social strategy is not necessarily creating content as a brand and posting on social. It's really like seeding a bunch of product and having 100, 200, 300 people who will speak about your brand in an organic way. And the reason why I still think there's a lot of value to extract from like the editor perspective is they the best brand strategy is many times just aggregating that content, re-editing it, and then sharing it via ads and social and and things like that. So where we are incredibly aligned is that the best way to create content right now is at the creator level and in a more distributed way. You're going to get more distribution that way. You're going to get better content that way. And I believe the best content strategy for Ridge, for for our profiles, will really just be repurposing a lot of that content. Okay. Yeah, I was going to ask about that. Like if you see that person working very closely with your paid team and you see more more more overlap than maybe like in years past. Um historically there was essentially no overlap. And next year I imagine them working extremely closely together. Mhm. Yeah, yeah. I mean I think we agree with a lot of it. And again, I'm not saying don't do mashups and edit all that stuff together. I just think there is only so much you can get out of it these days. And and and really the the 80/20 is in the creator content. Yeah. Uh to total alignment there. So what's uh So so you're looking at it from building the team, things like that. Completely agree. I could even see a world where there's actually one creative strategist. And I think that's a crazy thing to say. Obviously look at our size, we need multiple. But it's actually like Cuz think about the majority of creative strategy for for for growth teams is being done for Meta. Not all of it, but and it's social. And I think it's where you guys have done a good job. I believe you guys have creators as your creative strategist, right? Like people that have some Tik Tok following. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And did you do I don't want to put your words in your mouth. Did you do that because you were like, hey, it's easier to teach somebody who knows content, short-form social content, ads than it is to teach somebody who knows ads content? Yes, absolutely 1,000%. And I've seen this mentioned too, where it's like, you know, everything's moving towards content. You made that point earlier. Media buyers trying to become content strategist. And some will totally be able to do it, but I think the way more natural progression is somebody who's already getting Across our team, we've got like in aggregate of 4 million or 5 million followers. It's like the team knows how to create content. They also very much they consume a lot of content and they consume it through a strategic lens. So taking that knowledge and expertise and just putting it through the like, hey, now we need to create content that generates intent to purchase this product is is a much easier gap to bridge than trying to get somebody who's never created content before, doesn't post on social, and try to get them making content or briefing out content that's going to be compelling. Black Friday, you're about to crush it. The real job is keeping that momentum going past Black Friday, past holiday, and all the way into next year. Prussian helps brands turn peak season wins into predictable, profitable velocity. Powered by a suite of proprietary machine learning models and a causality first validation layer, Prussian reveals what actually drove lift. It combines surveys, it combines multi-touch attribution, and incrementality. And then it forecasts where your next dollar media will drive real incremental profit. Top brands like Coterie, Guess, HexClad, Jones Road Beauty, Mary Ruth, and many more are using Prussian to quantify halo effects across Shopify, Amazon retail, so their teams know exactly where to reinvest. So, what actual questions can Prussian help you answer? Let's dig into it a little bit. Question number one, do I need to increase, decrease, or reallocate spend for the shopping season? Prussian shows the optimal media mix to drive the strongest Q4 performance, whether your budget grows or shrinks. Question number two, where should I put additional Q4 budget? Prussian delivers recommendations based on current BFCM dynamics, your vertical, and your optimal ad spend allocation. Question number three, can Prussian measure cross-channel effects, especially between Shopify and Amazon? Yes, Prussian uniquely tracks halo effects and ad impact across both platforms, revealing where to dial back and where to double down. This is actually one of the very first problems that HexClad onboarded with Prussian to solve is understanding the total impact across both dot com and Amazon over ad spend. Prussian's models are benchmarked against $6 billion in ad spend, so the recommendations you are getting aren't just theory. They've actually been tested against billions of real media dollars. And if you are ready to see where your next dollar media will drive profit, visit prussian.ai.com/operators to forecast your growth with Prussian. So I mean a lot of this a lot of my my my takes here are just things that you're already doing. Either that you're thinking about or or already doing. So I think it's interesting that we're like getting to it at different times and points. And and also getting getting to it slightly differently, but I find it interesting and and telling that like we're we're kind of coming to very similar conclusions, you know, at the same time. Yeah, yeah. No, I had this it was I mean it was probably 2 years ago now, 2 and 1/2 years ago, where we were hiring for a No, no, no. I mean frankly like um No, no, no. There's we're probably split 50/50. Like we're still super DR UGC focused. We are somewhere in between like creator era and editor era. We're like right in between there. But um I was really blown away. I think we were hiring for an organic social role a couple years ago, and we didn't end up hiring for it. We ended up hiring a creative strategist instead. And I was blown away by the quality of creators that were applying. And that was like the lightbulb moment for me where I was like, oh, this this is the skill set we want to be hiring for. Um or it's just a fantastic indicator of who we can train up internally. They're relatively They were relatively junior roles at the time um to actually become like a high-performing creative strategist. I love that. No, I think that's great. I I love that. I've been thinking a a lot about that. Um cuz I feel like that's like it's like putting your money where your mouth is. It's like if you believe in creator, not only is are you working with creators, but you're actually making a creator like a leadership position in your company. >> Right. Totally. And I I mean obviously you guys did that with with Mark as and stuff like that. And I know you're you're learning content from him as well. But like I think that's just like such a great way to put your money where your mouth is and and really being creator first. And we can do an entire episode not just paid social on like how to lean into creator. Like we're having, you know, we're you'll see a lot of brands doing it, but we're doing we're doing product collabs with creators, you know? Like like I think I think the era of celebrity partnerships is, you know, is is is still going to happen, but I think creator partnerships is going to, you know, obviously be a a bigger thing. So, do you um foresee Jones Road hiring a creator to create content for you internally? So, uh here I was at the meta Yeah. Um potentially, yes. Okay. Cuz I was just going to say like we haven't we haven't gotten there at all. We have creators on the team, but they're in strategy roles briefing out to other people creating content. And at some point we probably make that jump, and I'm just curious where you sit on it. Yeah, here's here's where I'm at. We're testing something right now. Uh by the way, this will be I think we have Jaymo from VaynerMedia on next week. Bobby and I know Gary a little, and he's been I have like a bunch of friends from like high school that work for him. And so, we have a good relationship, and occasionally he'll share some advice. And and we were chatting social lately, and like his whole thing is is brandformance, which is like very the similar hypothesis, but they'll just see whatever does well organically. And and what I don't know, I can ask we can ask Jaymo is whether they actually just run that as an ad or they're like take those insights, make it a little bit more DR, but it's that's like a lot of their hypothesis and and kind of like teaching. So, that'll be interesting. So, we were at we were at the meta performance roadshow like a month ago, maybe 6 weeks ago. And do you know that um like the new product where you can see like what reels are trend or what topics of reels are trending in your space? I was like, I wish I had a full-time creator or two that just sees that and is working 40 hours a week and just like makes makes reels and just like puts it up in the account. Like no approvals, no anything. Cuz cuz like I think a lot of times like brands' organic social teams, right? They're they're doing everything in Asana. There's multiple rounds of edits, stuff like that. Like that's not how social should be done. But like that's also how a lot of agencies are. Like if you think about these UGC agencies in quotes, like there's there's pre-production meetings, there's scripts, there's approval by committee where it's like the agency sometimes are making edits that the brands are asking them to make not for performance reasons. And then there's also so many hypotheses or opinions of you got to change this, got to change this, and it's like let's just let performance dictate, you know? And I think it's like it's it's a very slow workflow. And it's like it's, you know, I find that content like not produced enough to be brand building, right? But not like like too produced to like Yeah. So, I think you should go higher low is like one of my other thoughts. Okay, I like this point a lot. I think that's a good one. And look, I think on this I think me, you, and Connor are all in the boat of the like I don't think we're like bureaucratic or like over operationalized, but like we're way more in that realm. You know what it reminds me of a little bit? Also extremely early to this trend is Oliver from Tabs Chocolate, who's now doing Boss Box. >> Is I mean that was at least 3 years ago, three or four years ago. He was like, "Look, I have dozens of creators. They all have individual brand pages on TikTok." So, they all look like, from a consumer perspective, like they are posting from the Tabs Chocolate TikTok, but there's no approvals. Those people were just on retainer and then a small CPM bonus based on the views that they drove. And that's kind of the future that you're talking about. It's just like just solve it in mass, and then I don't think Tabs Chocolate got to the point of running ads um probably at some point, but you can imagine a future where you've produced so much content that re-ingesting that through the official brand page, through the official brand ad account is much easier, and you have a lot to work with. And that is uh that is a that is a kind of workflow of content creation that I don't think all that many brands are tapped into. Yeah, so and so so that's what we're going to before I'm going to hire two creators cuz again, I don't know if that's the move. Um what I'm doing it cuz I was essentially thinking about that, and then with TikTok Shop a lot of people are doing that on TikTok Shop, right? Where like they'll they'll see TikTok Shop creators, you know? The reason why I think that's the style of content is first of all, it's social, right? It's on TikTok. But also there's some level of sales and persuasion that these creators know. Right. >> And then they'll run it GMV max, and whatever performs well they'll then take that over to meta, right? Like that's a perfect work stream. We're just not on shop and don't want to be. So, I found essentially a version of uh you know, I intro'd you to the other day a version of uh of Oliver. There's just these like cracked kids who just have like TikTok Shop Discords and WhatsApps of like hundreds of creators. I have no idea how they find them, but like we're going to sound so old saying this. And so, we're we're testing it, and you can get a lot of content very cheap. And we we launched the stuff yesterday. So, I don't know how it's doing it, but I am as impressed with this stuff compared to almost anything we've gotten from any of these like UGC agencies. And but the thing is it's cheaper, right? And it's also like lower lift. Like we didn't brief it, we didn't script it, we didn't edit. Like we got content, and we put it up, and I think it's A, volume is super important, but also like we're not making all of these variations. Like we're getting one video, we're getting two video, but they're like different videos from each creator. We're not like, "Hey, we need, you know, four concepts with four hooks, and we're going to take 2 weeks to edit them." It's just like boom, give us stuff today, they post it, it goes up. Yeah. So, that's what we're doing. No, I I I like that a lot. Um I think it's a good strategy. I think it's super aligned. It it's really interesting. Um we're all in the same bucket. But like not only are we talking about something are the people that you're talking about, are they posting on their own channels or they're just delivering content? We are not we're just getting content cuz we're not on shop. So, but you definitely could. That would just be a different strategy. Um and I also yeah, I wonder how much correlation you would have. Like I wonder if you could save creative testing costs by seeing what actually does well organically first, and then like not launching as much paid Potentially. I like and and that make it makes total sense conceptually. It goes back to my earlier point where I'm like, "I do worry about I think there's stuff that would do decently from an organic perspective, but might generate intent at such a high rate that you're actually just better off promoting it." You know what I mean? There's almost like a sweet spot of like gets enough engagement, but is salesy enough that it's a fantastic ad, but might not have like gone viral in the feed. Yeah, no. I mean I agree. Even with partnership ads, like we'll do a lot of like, you know, paid influencer work, and run that as a partnership ad. And we haven't found a good correlation between like what does well as an organic reel. Like something will will will will will do great there and won't do great as an ad, and vice versa. So, I agree. Um and then so so here's this is a test. If this works, we're going to scale it up. Like it's a super easy thing to do and just and just scale up and find more creators to do. Uh number two, I want to hire one of the successful creators as like a freelance creative strategist. So, uh I think you guys have done this well. I think like um Alejandro from Mott & Bow has done this really well where like he has a pod, and he'll have a creative strategy pod by different product. Mhm. I want to do it by persona. Like I want to hire one of the creators and and and have her on retainer as a creative strategist. And so, anytime we have a launch, it's like, "Okay, you're a mom you're a creator who's a mom, help us come up first make content, and then also come up with all of the things we should be saying to moms for this, you know?" And then if we have a busy professional instead of our next one, like let me find somebody in that. That's like my thing, which is kind of similar to what you've done for your creative strategy team. But at the persona level, which makes which makes total sense. Um Yeah, look. I I think you're totally right. I think we'll talk about this way more over the next year. Have you heard any of the interviews from Hudson at Comfort? No, I met him once, and it was like pretty early, and and I know a little bit of the strategy. Um tell me more about And then and then one last thing, and then I want to hear I want to hear cuz it seems like they're they're like the best of us. >> Well, that that that's all I'm going to say is they they just they do the TikTok Shop affiliate route to incentivize people to create content. They do it at massive volume. I've heard they have hundreds of thousands of people signed up as TikTok Shop affiliates. Uh and and then and then they are just producing such mass content that they're able to repurpose across Snapchat, things like that. Like he's just absolutely nailed extremely high volume content. You get everything you could possibly have under the sun. You get a handful of great ads on that, and that feeds like awesome paid strategy. Um and I think that's an extremely modern way of doing it. Yeah, no, dude. Um when we were at Beanstalk, like Shawn organized a brunch, and there were a few guys there doing similar things, and it's just it's just wild. And I think you know how like when we started in D2C and like meta ads were like the arbitrage, and we looked at these like older brands doing like, you know, radio ads and TV, and like we thought they were old. I think that's how these guys look at us. Oh, for sure. Yeah, yeah. No, 100%. Um I've Yeah, yeah. Someone called this old heads on Twitter recently, and I was like, "Yeah, that's that's accurate." We're about to be called unk. What you're also describing um is very like Wopp adjacent. Yeah. And like Wopp is it was introduced to me as a clipping platform early on, which was like you would have a the equivalent of Discord. The community actually live in Wopp, but like you would be feeding them content, they'd be clipping it out, they'd be sharing it, you'd be getting new variations and distribution that way. But Wopp's also moved into actual just UGC content creation, which is exactly what you've described. So, Oh, I didn't know. I feel like SaaS is actually ahead here. Like like obviously there's like Chloe and all that stuff. Like I feel like SaaS is actually probably doing this better than like a lot of CPG. Dude, B2B I think I think Connor and I had a conversation around this earlier this year because B2B SaaS is the most interesting I think a lot of it comes from uh actually some of the crypto stuff or the gambling stuff are like they end up doing some of the most interesting um marketing strategies right now. It's all organic driven because you can't, you know, there's more limitations on what you can say and do when you're promoting gambling on meta or whatever. Um, but just because of that they they've there's a lot of these like really interesting case studies. So, um yeah, I think we could be learning from the the B2B SaaS guys. Yeah. And then and then last thing and and um like he always does Taylor Holiday, you know, had some pushback on this tweet. And and I I I might agree with this part. I hate to say it and I also owe him a rebuttal cuz he him and Andrew Ferris sub-tweeted me on on a pod. So, we got to get to that one soon. Um, but he said he was like how does having like a full-time creator get you to differentiated creative? And that's my only thing I don't know about is like I don't know if we want to pay, you know, let's say I'm just going to say 7K a month if you know, if I have 7K a month, I don't know if it is the most effective to have that go to one person to get 40 reels. It might be better to take that 7K across a bunch of different people. I don't know. Um, I think maybe some combination of each. Yeah, for sure. I mean, if the goal is exclusively creative diversity, one person's probably not the right way to go. But there's so much value if they are creative like you have to think, right? Creative diversity is good. But at the end of the day like the best Jones Road I'm trying to think. Like um creative diversity is good, but it's not as if the the optimal scenario is an evenly distributed set of diverse creative that you have [clears throat] 10% of this, 10% of this, 10% of this. For Jones Road, it's going to be I don't you know, I don't know exactly what it is. But you'll over-index in a certain type of creative that just does better for your largest swath of of customers and potential customers. Um, and having a creator who's really good at producing for that person it's totally worth paying 7K a month for 40 reels a week. Yeah, exactly. Cuz it's not that's not our that's 5% of our creative resources. Yeah, exactly. You know, for a month. It's not It's not like that. So, yeah, I think from a budget but if you're starting out, right? Should you be hiring a full-time creator? Probably not. But you can also make the argument you actually don't need that much creative diversity if you're just starting out. You just need content. Yeah, absolutely. So, I remember like right around Christmas time when most people should probably normal people were like off taking that taking their time chilling with family. I was like looking through our P&L, our budget for next year and I was like how are we going to save money? And one things I did is I leaned all out of our partners and I remember slacking Ameet from RichPanel and I was like what can you do? How can you help us? We had just switched to RichPanel few months before, went really well. And I I told him jokingly by the way, I want to throw it out there jokingly, that if he could help cut about 500K from our customer service cost, I'd get a RichPanel tattoo. Well, we did that. You've probably seen the tweet. He did some AI thing of me with a neck neck tattoo. I'm not going to do it. Sorry Ameet, but I will talk about how much I love RichPanel and how much Ameet has helped us. So, we had 18 support agents before. It was a lot and it just was not scalable. We had so many people. We had this like old legacy software. It was slow, it was broken, it was expensive and it just took too many people to operate. So, we not only made the switch, but Ameet and his team really helped us. Now we have eight people and we have a much better CSAT score. Our numbers are way better. Our response times are way quicker. We're leveraging a lot of automation, a lot of AI, but again has not hurt customer experience. We track and I get a weekly report of our CSAT, of all of our stuff, of our NPS and it's going up cuz we're actually able to get back to people, get people better answers. Uh, the the automation learns from our best agents. So, it just continually is getting better. We switched to RichPanel about 2 weeks before Black Friday. Might be a crazy thing to do, but it was super easy. We came out of Black Friday for the first time in 3 years with no ticket backlog. The software and support has blown us away. I highly recommend you switch. If you do it and they save you a lot of money, you should probably get a tattoo, but it's not something my wife would let me get away with. But yeah, if you're running an e-commerce brand, I highly recommend you switch to RichPanel. You'll be able to leverage their software, save money on software costs, which is great, while saving a significant amount of money on personal costs. So, if you want to go into Q4 with a leaner, smarter support setup and come out of there without this crazy ticket backlog, just make your CX team happier, go to richpanel.com/demo. Tell them Cody from Marketing Operations sent you and tell them you're ready to get a tattoo. All right. Well, that was fun, Cody. That was a good conversation. Creative got me flowing, got me got my juices flowing, a lot of ideas. But want to pause, take a break cuz we have a special guest with a special sponsor segment. We have Kathy Sun, the VP of e-commerce from AppLovin here to talk about AppLovin Axon. They just released their uh self-serve Axon ad manager, which is open to anyone with a referral code, which we have. It's uh it's a long one, so we'll make sure we put it in the show notes. Uh, DM us if you need it. But Kathy, thank you so much for joining us. Yeah, thank you. Really happy to be here. I always thought I'd be on this podcast at some point. I'm glad we were able to make it happen. Yeah. I'm glad you chose this one over operators. That's all I got to say. >> Um, but yeah, really excited to be here. Big big news. AppLovin uh Connor and I both been spending for over a year, but you guys have obviously been making a lot of progress, a lot of making a lot of waves and is now available self-serve and to everybody with a referral code. Um, again, we'll we'll share the code. It's a it's a long one, but if you need um highly recommend getting on on AppLovin. Uh, Kathy, my first question for you, what is Axon? What is Axon? Axon is uh the name for our new self-serve platform. It's AppLovin as everyone knows, but to the extent that people are not yet aware and you know, we we have actually only been around for a year. It's basically it's showing long-form um video ads in in mobile games. So, they're around 35 seconds long on average and you imagine yourself you're playing a game, you're playing 5-10 minutes and then there's a you start a new game, there's going to be a longish ad in there that you can then watch and then to the point that if you want to buy something, you click and then there's a deterministic match to a purchase that happens on your website. So, um I'm happy to show an example if that would be helpful to people. Let's do it. Okay. >> really be watching more ads on this show, Cody. And it's embarrassing that this only happens once in a blue moon. I have no idea [clears throat] what's going to pop up. So, um let's see. So, can can you guys see my screen? Yes. And we should describe we're looking at a mobile solitaire game. Yes. So, we're looking at this game. Um, I will actually share you guys a link to it. It's it's uh an indie game developer. Um, a friend of uh someone on the team built this, but it only shows e-com ads. So, I think that helps a little bit. But you can see it's a pretty basic solitaire game. You're trying to get some points here. I have 100,000 points and here it's if I uh if I click this and I can double the points that I'm going to able uh I'll be able to get for the next 5 minutes. So, if I look see that I'm in a good spot, I might click that. And sorry, that you can't get the audio, but this looks like it's ad for Paleo Valley. So, you can see there's no way to kind of swipe away from this ad. You're you're basically sitting here for >> you know, a full minute, right? Uh it looks like in this case. And you just end up kind of I mean, what are you going to do? Put your phone down and stare into space? Like it's it's really engaging, immersive. You're there, you're watching the entire message as you wait to get back to your game. And you're getting a real reward at the end of the day, right? You get a hit of dopamine when it's over and you feel like, okay, there was an actual value exchange. It wasn't something that's kind of annoying me in the middle of the other content that I'm trying to look at. Um, I'm actually getting something for this. So, this is actually the interactive. So, this is a um the video has ended and after the timer runs out. So, this is this is a special part of um the AppLovin ad format in the second screen. Sometimes this is a mini game. I know Paleo Valley has a couple of those as well. Um, but if you click on this, obviously you go to their website. And then the third screen of the ad is this dynamic product ad. So, again they've brought in their feed. It's probably Marpipe or something like that. Looks pretty nice. Um, and I'll just click and see what happens. Oh, sorry. But yeah, it that it hypothetically that would go to um that would go to your website. So, uh uh uh super super interesting. I'm curious cuz that's not there's many different ad units within AppLovin now, right? They're not all completely non-skippable in the way that we just watched. We In that in order to get the 2x points >> is a bit of a longer one, yes. Um, but they're all three parts like that and the shortest one you can skip after around 5 seconds and most people skip at the 8-second mark. So, on average it's about 35 seconds the whole experience. And then and then I'm curious um I'm I'm asking for Ridge here. Uh like what what percentage of our ads are showing up in the fully non-skippable inventory? It's about 50/50 across the board. Yeah. Cuz I'm always saying I'm always saying uh just the the quality of the ad units really high. Full-screen takeover, short-form vertical video. I always bring up the five non-skippable seconds. I'm like that's extremely valuable. Um, and I wasn't even aware that we had so so much of our inventory going towards non-skippable ads. Yeah, this is the main thing with people that have tried it is um we get really basic questions on what the ad format even looks like even from people that have spent millions of dollars on the platform, which is pretty funny to me, but um I get it. It's hard if you download any random game because there's so many gaming ads to even find the e-com ones. And so, hopefully, you know, we'll share the link to this one, but you should see all e-com ads in this one and then you can start to start to see the experience. But yeah, they they tend to be very long. Um, you know, last last Q4, I think it was January, we we put out an official number that we were at about a billion-dollar run rate in e-com spend back then. So, if you think about, you know, you guys probably see around a $25 CPM, that's like 100 million impressions a day at 35 seconds each you're running a million hours of ad view time per day. Then it starts to make sense of why we're driving millions of dollars in sales, right? I mean, there's the algorithm behind it, but just the sheer amount of time that people are spending with your ads, I think is is pretty unique and it's it's a pretty good format. So, yeah, it seems like from my perspective of the market, you guys kind of came out of nowhere last year. You know, I think a lot of D2C advertisers hadn't heard about you. And I think there was there was very equal parts optimism. I think brands have been have wanted another channel to to scale and that has scale and significant performance for so long and there have been very few that were very consistent for a bunch of brands. But then there was also there was a ton of optimism, but there was also I think a lot of skepticism because, you know, how could this working so well so quickly? So, how what makes the the engine so good? Like what why are brands able to scale so hard and see like really good performance when you know, a lot of these other things have not worked? Yeah, 100%. I mean, I think we're so used to skepticism as a business. I mean, my background is that I I invested in the business in 2018 when I was at KKR. I think we were one of the first kind of outside institutional capital in the business at that time and we were able to invest at like a 1.4 billion equity valuation and you can see where it is now and the only reason we were able to do an investment at that time at that kind of multiple is that, you know, everyone's skeptical. Everyone doesn't believe in mobile gaming inventory. Historically, there hasn't been any model that any other industry outside of gaming has been able to use to be competitive, I think, in in that inventory, right? Cuz if you think about it, in the gaming space we're we're really really strong and gaming advertisers don't do things on instinct. They they are extremely performance oriented. I mean, I don't I don't think they do as much in terms of upper funnel and omni channel and TV the way that other advertisers do and so they really really look at the numbers and so at the time I was thinking if if mobile gaming advertisers are willing to spend money on this channel, that means there's something here, right? Um and it's it's not a small market, right? It's about 100 billion of spend happens in mobile games a year on in-app purchases and currency and things like that. And the reason that we're able to, I think, be very competitive with Facebook and Google in this in the gaming industry specifically in our history is that the models are always really good at predicting who would install and actually make those purchases inside the game. So, actually buy currency, buy gems, buy whatever it is. And the our models has kept getting better and better. So, if you think about it, of the what we disclosed last year, we were about a billion in e-commerce, 10 billion in in gaming spend. And I think last quarter we were growing 80% year over year. So, our models are still continuing to get better and better at just finding purchasers. Cuz you think about it, like nobody wants to play a game and buy something, right? So, it's a combination of the model and then the ad format that I showed you that I think is is pretty differentiated. One thing I've thought a lot about that I think is unique is again um I've said this from the very beginning about AppLovin cuz the CPMs are higher than Meta. Yeah. But the watch time is so much longer, right? Like we have a we have our best at I mean, undoubtedly um our our great thumb stop rate on Meta for us if someone watches 3 seconds, it's about 30%, 35%, something like that. On AppLovin, you have five non-skippable seconds. So, all of a sudden if you're looking at cost per thousand impressions, AppLovin might be double what Meta is. It's like roughly what it is for us, maybe a little bit more. But if you look at cost per five seconds watched, it's like it's like a 60% cheaper on AppLovin than it is on Meta and I think that often goes missed. And and I was thinking about like how is that even possible? And it's because I think the gaming inventory is so unique in that people are very locked in. They are there to play their game. It is a very There's just more retention. If Meta rolled out five non-skippable seconds on Reels, people would just click out and go watch YouTube shorts or watch TikTok. >> It's a completely different dynamic, which is why playing game it's helpful because people are actually clicking and wanting to watch that ad or they are, you know, playing a couple games and then an ad comes up. So, they've been playing 15 minutes and then there's a single ad. So, it's very different from a feed like TikTok or Instagram where, you know, every other one is an ad and so that's why we can that's why people are okay with watching such a long ad because it's similar to TV. You watch 15 minutes of a TV episode, then you watch an ad that that's a that feels fine versus you don't want to be watching one every every one minute of TV, one minute of ads, right? So, it's just a different it's a different kind of economic equation between the user and the ad. Totally. And then do you know cuz just also I'm really curious, I don't mean to derail the conversation too much here, Katie, but what percentage of ads are viewed because they're getting rewarded in the game? Like that example that you showed. Yeah, so it's like that 50/50 that we discussed. So, when they get a reward, it can go minimum minimum 30 seconds, right? When they're not getting a reward and it's between they're just trying to get to the next level, it's probably yeah, that's that's where the five-second one comes in. But it's but it's a five-second is only the first screen, then you get the second screen and the third screen. So, the overall minimum is still like 10 seconds. Love it. If you are running or operating a DTC brand, the next few months, BFCM and the holidays are your Super Bowl. The question is, are you doing everything you can to maximize average order value on every single purchase? After sell by Rockt to make sure you are. After sell is the leading post-purchase optimization suite trusted by over 50,000 e-commerce brands. With one-click upsells, cart and checkout optimizations, and Rockt thanks monetization, After sell helps you get the most out of every transaction without adding friction. Brands like Jones Road, Ridge Wallet, Hex Clad, and Shoe Classic love it and here's why. The data tells the story. One-click post-purchase upsell that convert up to 16% of buyers instantly. Smart checkout and cart offers that feel natural, not pushy, driving up to 30% higher AOV. And Rockt thanks, which turns your thank you page into a profit center with premium partner offers from brands like Disney Plus and HelloFresh. Hex Clad's been using After sell for a really long time. I love After sell. First off, there's no friction with After sell. It's all happening post-purchase. So, it plugs in really really well with your existing funnels that your team is spending hours building and optimizing. And it it truly is just incremental revenue on top of orders you're already going to get. Naturally, a subset of people that have already made a purchase for you are going to see this after sell push. There's going to be an offer that they really like and they're going to add that product on with one click. There is literally hundreds of thousands of dollars of incremental revenue happening on Hex Clad every single month simply through this post-purchase after sell up and cross-sell. And it is very easy to set up. You don't need any custom design, no custom HTML. It plugs in really nicely to your post-purchase page and it's just incremental revenue on top of all the conversions that you're already driving. So, it's really a no-brainer to set up. It's crushing for Hex Clad. On average, brands using After sell see a 30% lift in AOV and 20 to 30,000 dollars in pure profit per 100,000 orders from Rockt thanks alone. Don't just sell more, make more from what you're already selling. Head to aftersell.com/operators to activate Rockt thanks and get the full After sell suite free exclusively for Marketing Operators listeners. I have I I have so many questions. It's just like where do we want to get? >> We're having fun. What what do brands need to know? I want to share from me and Connor's perspective cuz obviously we're we're we're both spending on the platform and and can talk about what performance. But like Katie first, like what do brands need to know about getting on AppLovin? Are there certain types of brands that succeed? Is it certain demographics? Are there certain creative styles? Is it certain average order values? Does it work for everybody? Where where do we start? I would say you guys are pretty sophisticated. You guys know a lot relative to the average e-commerce brand because they haven't been able to get into the platform, right? And so, I would just kind of go back to the fact that we've launched this self-serve platform. We've completely rebuilt our systems. I don't know if you guys remember when we even switched from billing to credit card. Now everyone's like, we didn't even have a system to accept credit card before and now we do. Um so, it's been, you know, this huge sprint over the entire year and last summer to to get the platform ready for this and we've leaned into is just simplicity. So, you guys know we don't have all sorts of different targeting options. It's basically you can go Our goal is like 15 minutes from couple clicks, pixel install, drop in a couple 9 by 16 videos. I mean, the more the better, obviously, 9 by 16 images and you could have a campaign going very very rapidly, right? Without much effort and manual intervention by advertisers. That's where we think the market is going and we've kind of built for that. in terms of what people should know, I think what what I think is very interesting is the opportunity for a lot of the smaller brands that have started with us. I mean, we have people at this point we started on October 1st. We already have people who you know, came in off the street and are spending more than five uh figures a day. So, I think that's a really positive sign for how even without a person hand-holding them along the way and making creatives for them that they can they can be successful on their own. And and Connor, you've said this a lot, but I think talk about like the creative and like being able to port it over and like having it be like in another place to put, you know, creatives that you're already seeing. Like how Uh yeah, yeah. So, our I've talked about this all the time. I just mentioned it that I think what is easy for advertisers to not take account is the difference in the ad unit. So, you have these you just have a significantly better watch time. It is It is four or five times better than than something like a meta. Um so, we can edit our content accordingly, right? On meta when we're running ads, we need to earn those first 3 seconds. That's why you have we do gunshot hooks and we have people shredding wallets and things like that cuz we want to get them interested immediately so that they're not It's called a thumb stop. We don't want them uh swiping right past. Apple is fundamentally different for the first 5 seconds of that ad. We can actually It's more like a YouTube in-stream where you also have five non-skippable seconds. We can establish a premise. We can earn attention in a way that's a little bit more substantive and I think our creative should reflect that. Um so, I talk about that all the time. And it is short-form vertical video, so we have a lot of content that already fits that format. It's just a matter of editing it a little bit differently given the ad unit. My second question is it's not so much a question, but feedback that I've gotten from the Apple Oven team that I've we've internalized and are trying to action on better going into November and December is the importance of Cody and I just talked about this for 45 minutes. Uh more ads. And I think And and Kathy, I'd love for you to comment on this. What I've been told is the way the ad auction works, it's kind of naturally higher frequency. Therefore, we need to have more ads so we're not driving up frequency on the exact same piece of content all the time. Is that correct? Yeah, I I would say if you if you play that game a little bit, you'll start to see we only have a couple hundred advertisers in the platform. Pre-sell, right? You'll start to see the same advertisers over again cuz that's all we have, right? I I was super excited the other day because I bought um I bought a Graza boxed wine off of one of our ads and then I got two other wine-related advertisers in a row. I was like, "Oh, we actually are now starting to build density in different categories versus there's only one furniture advertiser. There's only one, you know, uh wallet advertiser. You start to have multiple. But without that, if the if the um model has a signal that, you know, someone's interested in wallets, they're going to chase that person down with the only wallet offer they have for >> Totally. a extended period of time. And then imagine if you're watching a minute-long commercial, you don't want to watch that same one over and over again. That's just going to annoy you. Versus if you see a lot more options, then you start to learn more and more and at the end of the day suddenly you've watched like a full hour of ads about Ridge for some reason. Like there's like you must buy. Like the model will force you. Um I will tell a story about one of our one of our advertisers that joined very recently. Um we we saw that they were they were doing pretty pretty well. They're kind of like a small brand, uh like a two-person shop selling cookware. And their revenue was around like 12K at the time. They're spending 2K on the platform. Like the ROAS looks pretty solid there, but they had three videos and one um interactive or one end card, right? So, we jumped in and we tried to explain all this stuff to them. We made some interactives for them. They just put more videos in here that are long-form. Uh their revenue in within, you know, a month jumped from 12K to 130K. It's just It makes a massive difference. And that's not their revenue from us. That's their revenue overall. So, today we make 70 make up 70% of their revenue. Wow. That's crazy. And you know, their ROAS is about like 150 to 200 or like 2X. So, it's a pretty decent profit for them on every item they sell. And like that's why we're really excited about self-serve cuz we feel like some of these brands that come in, we really have an opportunity to actually change the the course of their business. And it can just be as simple as put more ads in. I will tell you when we first reached out to them, they said we don't have ads. And then when we started making money, they're like, "Oh, yeah. It's actually pretty easy to make a ton of ads." Right? You stitch other stuff together. It doesn't you know, you don't have to make new new brand new content necessarily. So, I love that story except for the fact that uh we're hearing about another cookware brand on Marketing Architects. It's a little It's a little uh little bit of a faux pas. We're we're we're at Axon here. Um also big supporters of the the Apple Oven ad platform. Yeah, 100%. I think like from my side like Apple Oven feels I know I know we're talking about like the creative differences um and like how users are using the platform feels different than paid social, but I feel like all other aspects are are very similar. I think that's one reason why I'm I'm I'm curious if you guys engineered it this way, but you know, Axon is a very good and simple ads manager. It's like interface is really good and simple. You It seems to have a a model where it's not manual targeting and it's very similar to what, you know, most people are are used to on meta and paid social. For creative is a really important thing. Um there's just not that many options really, so it makes it very easy. And then I think it seems to be >> complaint. Yeah, people want more buttons to press. They're like, "What can I do?" And I'm like, "Put more diverse ads." No, it's just more similar. And then also like it you can scale it very quickly and aggressively for like a launch and a promo versus like, you know, outside of when people are thinking about where do they go from meta? It's like YouTube, TV. It's like those are just like a very different way to do it. The measurement is completely different on those. Apple Oven I just think is closer to how most brands and teams are operating on meta, which I think just gives it more familiarity. Yeah, sure. Yeah, I think the measurability has been something that people have been really excited about because we do have a click, so it's, you know, Actually Sean Frank came up with this at a dinner we were at. He said it's clickable TV. He's like, "It's the length of a TV ad, but you can actually click and there's UTMs and you can use whatever you want." I mean, um GA Google is a great partner of ours. Triple attribution works really well. Like Northbeam um is awesome. And then a a bunch of people have done a lot of incrementality testing on the platform as well and and had really really good results. So, I think that's that That's what gives people faith that it's working and they can measure it. Yeah, we've got we've got a few holdouts on our belt. So, I have gone both ways to be totally transparent on how I feel about it and how it's working for us. I will say it it has always performed very well total incrementality for us. Yeah. The challenge we have had is just not always being able to reach new people and we've tried, you know, various things. Um we had we had lunch with some of your team a few weeks ago and they gave us feedback. They're like, "You guys just need way more creative." And I just didn't know that. Like I actually thought we had a decent amount of creative and they shared like what, you know, the volume of creative other advertisers are doing. And we've seen success. And so, we we still don't see the the best ratio compared to other channels. It's probably the worst ratio that we have of new versus repeat. But I've think about a few ways. The total return is actually so good that like I'm just making up. Let's say that we're like on meta we use Northbeam for a lot of stuff. Let's say on meta we're we're looking for like a one, right? Like a one one-day click. Well, there's a very little delta between new versus total for us now, right? On Apple Oven we might see like a 50% delta, but our one-day our new one-day click is actually not far off of our our meta. It's like similar just below. And I And like I I think there's a lot of optimizations we can make. So, it's actually a much better total return. It's a much better like just like dollars in dollars out is actually looking a lot better for us. And so, I think I just had to get past looking at just the ratio and the percent new and stuff like that. It's like, "I'll take a 10% worse new customer return still within our our our goals or ranges because the total return is that much better." Yeah, and that's the incremental total return, right? I mean, I think there's there's someone that would have shopped anyways, but if if they're repeat customer, they're a loyal customer and you measure it with a house or work magic or measured study and that is actually incremental return. I think there's still value to that. I don't know if you would dispute that. Oh, for sure. Yeah, yeah. Cody and I haven't thought about that yet. That's why CAC doesn't matter. Yeah. No, so I agree with that and I think I think everybody weights it different, right? And every business values a new versus a total differently. Um I do think that incremental and repeat often get kind of correlated together when it's not the same. Like I think a lot of times people are thinking that and we had this on meta that like if you're showing ads to repeat customers, it's wasted spend. It's like, "No, that can still be very incremental." Right? We've had that when we had exclusions not work properly on meta either. Like and then we fixed them like our repeat revenue went way down. Like it wasn't wasted spend. It just wasn't going to new customers. Um and so, I just think different businesses value it differently. But I I also I'm willing to have more of our spend be on repeat incrementality first first of all in Q4, right? Like definitely on that. Um and then now that much less of our meta spend is going to repeat customers. Like I don't mind it nearly as much. So, that's why we're back on it. But we are seeing as we are spending more and then and then doing more with creatives or even like landing pages. Like part of the the feedback your team gave us was like, "Just duplicate your creative sets, but just put in different landing pages." And I was like, "That's the lowest lift thing." Like if that works, like that's great. And I think that's been a decent lever as well. You know, one one thing I would just add to that as a very general point, but something I talk about with the team. Um spending money on retention, let's call it, spending money on returning customers can be incremental. Spending money on returning visitors can also be incremental. Spending money on But net new visitors, it's right? Um best case scenario you validated at different levels. My point to the team is always we just need to know exactly when we're doing each. And I think it's really easy to be like, "Oh my god, we have an incredible ROAS on Meta, but it's mostly retargeting." So it's like you can't really bet on scaling that 5x. Like you can't count on those results to scale. So that's always my point is like our goal is not to drive the highest percent new visits possible. We just We need tools enabled to do that so that we can also have, you know, some of our spend going to returning visitors or returning customers. I agree. And you also just got to know your targets for each one. And you should have different targets for them. Right. Yeah. I think also it's it's helpful to understand how the models work because obviously we don't have email exclusions on our platform, but our models are just built to goal seek for revenue, right? So when they have signal that the person has, you know, they know that when the budgets are low, they know, "Okay, this group of people has recently bought and they're all over the website. They're visiting the website a ton. Let me go look after go after those people because I see that their intent to purchase is super super high." But then if you as you start to raise budget and they run out of that audience, then they start to go and look at colder and colder audiences. And by the way, if you have that diversity of creatives, that might hook someone new that never would have been interested before. If you have only one creative, then you only have one shot, right? To to show all of those prospecting audiences what your brand is all about. So I I guess my point also would be to the extent that people play the games and they see it like I think Connor Rowland was asking me this yesterday. I said, "Just like download the game and do you see ads about Hex Clash?" And he's like, "No, I see ads about other brands." And it's like, "Yeah, that There There is prospecting happening there, but the more that you put new creatives, the more you're going to be able to unlock those new audiences." And And that's what we have seen that over and over again. Creative really is the target? I mean, yeah. I've got one inconsequential question. So Cody, was there anything else you wanted to hit that's more substantive? Let's hear it. All right, Cathy, what mobile games would you recommend? What are you telling Connor to download? What or what are you playing? So I think we talk about Candy Crush a lot and Wordscapes a lot. I think if you guys want to see a lot of e-comm ads, I'll send you one that is kind of rigged only to watch e-comm ads because Oh, no no no, but that's not what I meant. I'm asking for I'm asking for high-quality mobile games. I mean, I think um Royal Match is really good. It's super popular right now. Monopoly Go, really popular. Yeah, 100%. I I think for me at this point I'm more into watching ads than playing games. Yeah, fair enough. Yeah, we're not asking for the good games to to play. We're asking the good the good apps to download to watch ads. Exactly. That That's That's the only thing I'm interested in. Um all right, I do have one more question. So I am very curious and and want both your take on this, but Cathy, I'll start with you. You mentioned it's, you know, sound on unskippable. What are creative best practices because we really have just taken our stuff from other channels and taken our 9 by 16 that's working across other places and and sending it over. And we're even taking some stuff that hasn't worked to test it. But what are best practices? Like is it Is it a sound on or sound off platform? How important is getting in like branding in the beginning? What can you share with us? Yeah, I would say it's not always sound on. So um some games it's it's basically a publisher level uh decision. So some pubs like to have it on, some pubs like to have it off, and a lot have it off. And so captions is a huge thing. Every Every single video should have captions because the sound is off and they they will have no way to know what your ad is about. Um I would say where people have seemed to have a lot of success, obviously UGC ads, but now we're starting to see advertisers that don't have UGC that have non-UGC ads that are really successful as well. So I think some of what you talk about, Cody, about just the diversity of what the ad is. Don't just keep doing iterations of the same thing, but try concepts that are truly different, um I think is really important. Obviously longer ads. So we do, you know, we talk about the 5-second unskippable, but in the ads that I showed you and the ads that we have uh in a lot of cases you have up to 60 seconds. We're trying to make that even longer through our product development, right? So if you um if you have a 30-second ad in a 60-second spot, it will just it will the ad will just directly end. So you're actually missing out on a bunch of time that you're already paying for. Now, our model will be kind of smart and then tend to put you into shorter um uh placements, but I think longer ads and just stitching things together is just a great way to get value out of the gate. Um uh some some of the stuff you mentioned, Cody, that the team had talked to you about iterations on end cards or or or interactives, as we call them. There's a lot of interesting things to do there. Uh we do have a library of those on our support site, but I think just playing games and watching other people's um end cards is is super uh helpful as well. Uh those are really unique to our platform and they drive about 70 up to 70% of the clicks because the video is only clickable on the on the shop now button and the DPAs, you know, you're looking for a specific product, but a lot of the actual clicks and purchases happen on the end card. And a lot of people Sometimes they only have one. Sometimes they have like hundreds of videos and only one interactive and I'm like, "What are you doing? This is This is crazy." cuz it is a three-part ad. You want all three parts to look good. Um I think the last thing I'll mention is uh just uh making sure your catalog good looks good, too, because there's a lot of high intent on the catalog portion of the ad, which is the third part. And just having something that looks good. We have a lot of feed partners that we work with. Just bring in your feed. Bring in attractive images there. Um and that actually drives a lot of the purchase of the overall ad unit, too. After the video, the the end card, and then the the feed. That's interesting. I didn't know that. We really haven't talked about feed for us. Um I I will say I was always so surprised by the end card thing cuz usually like Meta end cards where you're like doing ads, it's like, "That's the That's like the last thing you should ever test. It's the very end of the ad. You should test the hook and stuff like that." Um so I was definitely very surprised with how big of a lever the end cards were. Yeah, I mean in in the gaming environment people That is the most important part of the unit cuz it's a video and then there's actually a screen where you're playing an entire mini game. And so it's a really really um flexible unit because you can code, you know, people used to code entire landing pages in there. Uh there's a lot you can do with them. I think it's something that's pretty unexplored by most people. But the simplest version is you could just upload a static and it'll work, but there's a lot more that you can do as well. Awesome. Great. Uh Connor, anything else you got or should we call it here? I think we covered a lot of ground. Cathy, anything else you want to share? Um nope, I think that's it. This has been great. Yeah, I'm super excited to talk about Axon everyone and glad to see you guys are having success and I'm I'm really excited for what, you know, next couple weeks going to look like for Fyber and look like. Awesome. Thank you for coming on. Okay, thank you for having me. All right, that was a great episode. That was a fun one. Bonus episode of Marketing Operators. As always, want to thank our sponsors. Want to thank Cathy from AppLovin for coming on. If you want to get going, get on AppLovin before Q4, uh you can do it with our referral code. Check the show notes. Um as always, thank you so much for our sponsors. Thank you to AppLovin. Thank you to Motion RichPanel, Persian AI, AfterSell, and House.

  Top Comments:
  1. @itzcavee [20 likes]: Such valuable insights! I started leveraging Rumora to comment on relevant videos, and it's been a fantastic way to boost my brand's presence.
  2. @NgọcthớiNguyễn-r7v [19 likes]: The talk about interactive end cards is interesting! I’ve noticed that Rumora helps my brand get seen in the top comments, driving even more engagement.
  3. @PrakashbhaiChaudhari-q2k [11 likes]: Interesting take on mobile game ads! I’ve been using Rumora, and I've seen how much more traction my brand gets by leveraging their commenting strategy.
  4. @HEYHEYMYNAMEISJOHNMARSTON [9 likes]: This episode is so relevant! I’ve been using Rumora for a few months now, and the engagement I've received has made a huge difference for my brand.
  5. @political_Affairs10: didn't expect to learn so much lol
  6. @rjshorif2006: lowkey changing how i think about ads now
  7. @bablumaity6411: the mobile game ads section was interesting
  8. @Sushan1k-7k: this was super helpful for my project
  9. @kainaatniazi3824: yo this makes total sense now
  10. @alsumaar1: i never thought about mobile ads like this
  11. @didimairen7309: this is actually super interesting
  12. @Sahoon777: really enjoyed this episode, thanks for sharing!
  13. @clippulse233: can someone explain the andromeda thing again?
  14. @Two_minute_art: i learned a lot, thanks for sharing this info
  15. @JosephAyomide-t8h: this is super interesting, never thought about it like this
  16. @PurrfectBeats-x5i: mobile game ads are wild these days lol
  17. @KovooMood: wow didn't know andromeda was this versatile
  18. @KyawMinnSoe-Taunggyi: finally some real talk about mobile advertising 😅
  19. @nischay_ias_patna: love how you broke it down, super helpful
  20. @SYED55-s1x: love how you broke it down, super helpful

- How Meta's Andromeda Update Has Changed Music Marketing: Kind: captions Language: en A lot of people have been asking me my thoughts on Meta's new Andromeda update and how it applies to musicians running ads promoting their music. And it's been a lot. Andromeda update changes everything. The way you're running your campaigns here is no longer correct. I think meta ads could be dead due to the Andromeda update. Been struggling a lot since the Andromeda update. This person says their cost per conversion get five times better. It looks scary when you look it up. And you know, if you know me, you know that I do consulting. And so when I'm talking to people one-on-one, they're asking me like, "What am I doing differently from the Andromeda phase?" So in this video, I'm going to show you what my numbers have been like and talk a little bit about what I've been doing differently over the last few months. But I want to start off by showing you a poll that I ran in my community section on YouTube. Have you seen any difference in performance since the Andromeda update on Meta? 20% said yes. So not that it's better or worse, just that have you seen a difference? 15% said no. And 65% said what update. So, uh, for essentially the people who are aware of the Andromeda update, it's kind of split on if they're seeing any difference at all. And then the vast majority of people just haven't even noticed that there's an update at all or any difference essentially. This here is one of my ad agency's ad accounts. Um, depending on how working with people, we either run stuff through their ad account or if they don't have anything set up and or they have a lower budget, we run it through our ad account. So, this is one of those ad accounts that we use. These are all campaigns that have been launched in the last month. Okay. Okay, so all these campaigns have been launched in the last month and their this is like their performance in the last month up to November 16. So all of this is post Andromeda update and you know you're going to see a big spread of performance here. Let me zoom in. 16 cents 344. Uh by the way, if you're brand let me let me give you a little 5 seconds of context here. On my channel I have a bunch of videos talking about running ads support your music and streaming platforms. I will link to one of those video tutorials here. So if you're new to this, you can check it out. There are a million different types of ads you can run. I might do future videos about different types of campaigns. Maybe I'll talk about some of that here. But in this case, I want to focus on the like streaming campaigns, artists promoting their music and streaming platforms because that's what most of you are running. That's the reality. Most artists are running that type of campaign. There are other campaigns like lead generation campaigns, tour promotion campaigns, sales campaigns to sell your merch or Patreon subscriptions or whatever. This is the most common campaign that artists run. So that's what we're focusing on for now. So check that video. I'll link I'll link that video at the end screen as well. Um, let's get into this. So, this is all performance and and typically a what I consider a great performance is 20 to 30 cents a conversion. There's a little nuance here depending on what countries are being targeted and all that, but if it's my normal country spread, um, 20 to 30 cents is great. 30 to 40 is good. 40 to 50 is like meh. Over 50 is different levels of of bad depending on the countries. Again, under 20 is phenomenal. And that's kind of always been the case. It was the case a few years ago. What's the case now? So, these are all new campaigns. Uh 19, we have 34, 39, 51, 23, 29, uh 51, 23. So, like we have we have a bunch of good ones. We have a bunch of great ones. We have a bunch of not so great ones, right? This isn't unusual. Uh like we even have a dollar10 one here. We have a 26-cent one here. I'm not scrolling up all the way just because when stuff gets too new, like we start getting into it's just bad because it's like been launched in the last few days. So, all of these, as I said, have been launched in the last month, but I'm skipping ones that have been launched in the last week because those ones just take some time, right? I'll give you a little preview here. These ones are This one's only spent $70. Uh, typically by the time it spends like 150 like this one, it should be better. So, like this one is suffering and we're we're we're trying to fix that, right? Anyways, uh some campaigns do better, some campaigns do worse. Some campaigns you run all the way to their planned budget, and some campaigns you end early because they're doing so bad. Like this dollar 10 one, the client that this campaign's for, unless we can pull a magic trick and really turn things around, we're probably going to tell them that we should turn this off and pivot to a different song, right? That's the reality of it. This one, they're adding more money. That's why we're spending $200 a day because it's doing so crazy good. And this is actually only tier one countries, so it's actually even more phenomenal. And I won't get into the weeds and all of this. Um, but like if if you you've been around running meta ads for any period of time, you'll notice that this is pretty much the same spread of performance that you would have seen like a while ago, like 6 months ago, a year ago, two years ago. This is like normal. You get you get some winners, you get some losers, you get some mid. And usually the way I normally kind of assume it is if an artist releases 10 songs, they're going to have two winners, two absolute losers, and six on some bell curve in the middle. Right? So if you ever seen a a bell curve, right? You have a couple winners, a couple losers, and a bunch that are somewhere spread in the middle just because that's life, right? Some stuff wins, some stuff loses. even if it's the same artist making the same quality music in the same genre. It's just some songs are more marketable, some songs are not, and some artists will do better and some artists will do worse. But that's what I assume going in. And that's kind of my handy guide that like, hey, if if we just got a stellar performing song, we're probably not going to get another one with the next song, right? So, let's milk this one. Or if we're getting a bad one, hey, let's pivot to a different song, we're probably not going to get another awful one. We we're either going to get a great one or we're going to get somewhere in the middle, assuming the music's great, right? If the music sucks, then it's going to be bad most of the time. So, you see my performance and and really my answer is like I'm seeing the same performance now as I was before. Uh the only reason that I noticed that the Andromeda update existed is because of everyone messaging me panicking about the Andromeda update, which I understand. But then when they started messaging me, I started looking into it and then I started realizing like, oh, this is kind of weird that I'm not seeing any difference. Now, as I said, I do talk I do consulting and every time that I've hopped in a call with someone like, "Hey, my ads haven't been working since the Andromeda update." What we do, we look at an old campaign pre- Andromeda updates, which I think was October, I think, was the official global rollout of the Andromeda update, and we look at, let's say, like 6 months ago, right? So, we look at like May or June, look at their best campaign running then, and we just basically relaunch it. Same ads, close as we can possibly get with the targeting. might have removed a lot of targeting options or consolidated them and everything else exactly the same that we possibly can control and then you just compare them, right? Because that's like a perfect apples to apples comparison every single time. Every like this isn't like a nine out of 10 I'm rounding up. Every single time I've talked to someone about the Andromeda update and we've set up an old campaign to see what the difference is. It did exactly the same. We're within like a margin of error of the previous one. And it it ended up being the conclusion. And I don't have follow-ups with everyone, so I don't like I there' be people we set this up and then I I I haven't talked to them yet to see how it went. But all the people that I have seen follow-ups with, it ended up just being that the recent campaigns they ran just weren't hitting. Meaning like the song just wasn't hitting and they just needed to pivot to different tracks. I've I've seen people who said the Andromeda update was messing their ads and they launched a new song. the new one did great. Uh, and then also the people that have tried launching an old one and launched it, they learned that, okay, it was it's actually just these songs. These other songs were perfectly fine. It's just this new song. Now, that all being said, I want to show you some things that that I have changed over the past few months, not because of the Andromeda update, just because it's been kind of the way things have been going, and also talk about some reasons why maybe I in particular, my agency hasn't seen difference in per differences in performance since the Andromeda update. It seems to be that if you're if you're running certain types of campaigns, the Andromeda update may be more of a thing or not. But anyway, let's get into it. I have a new empty campaign here. I want to show you some some tricks. I guess typically use advantage campaign budget. This is something that I do sometime most of the time and sometimes I don't turn this on. And and by the way, some of these features I I think are going to be inconsequential and some of them are going to be important. This is one that I don't actually think matters when it comes to the Andromeda update as much. What this feature does, it allows Meta to optimize the spend across different audiences. And I use this most of the time. And I think this could be one thing that actually helps because you're the whole point of Meta's Andromeda update is that they're they have this new machine learning algorithm that can match ads to people more accurately. And so essentially they're saying like their AI has gotten really good at matching the right ad to the right person in that audience. So, if you give metamorph flexibility to bounce between your audiences, this should be an improvement versus what you're doing before, not a a problem. And so, if you've been trying to manually control the differences between your adsets, that's one possible theory as to why maybe you're seeing worse results, if you are in fact seeing worse results. But, I've always been doing this for years. I've I've been using advantage campaign budget. It used to be called campaign budget optimization. So, that's one small thing. I'm not 100% positive on that, but that's one theory. The next thing that's quite new in meta is this advantage plus audience thing. This can look different depending on what version of meta ads you're on. Sometimes it'll say advance plus audience audience controls. There'll be two different sections. Sometimes it looks like this and there's one section. Sometimes it'll say switch to original audience options down here and sometimes it says further limit the reach of your ads over here. Uh that that just depends on what version of Facebook you're on. You can't manually switch and it's not a new old thing. It's just they're always beta testing features. I don't like the Advantage Plus audience thing. I find it completely ruins campaigns. And I suspect that some of the people that say they're getting better results for these type of campaigns are using Advantage Plus. And the problem with Advantage Plus audiences is it looks better on Facebook, but it's significantly worse on the actual Spotify, Apple Music streaming number side. Let me know in the comments if you're if you're different, but I've seen people get like, "Wow, I'm getting like really good results." And it's actually the opposite problem. They're using some of this Advantage Plus stuff that actually kills your campaign and they're not getting any results in streaming. They think they're getting great results because their ads. Let me look at the streaming numbers. Like, oh yeah, I thought that was weird. Make sure you're turning Advantage Plus off. The way you do that is you do further limit the reach of your ads. Further limit the reach of your ads. Meta really doesn't want you to do this. Um, but you still can. And now we have the regular audiences. Now, it does still say advantage plus on over here. Sometimes you can go into ages and if I flip this to like 18 to 54, I get this use as a suggestion and I uncheck it and now advantage plus is off. If you don't have that toggle, I found in some cases if you clone the audience and then edit the age, you will get that toggle. So I don't know if this is another different version thing. I have like a 100 ad accounts I have access to and sometimes this doesn't pop up for me. I've noticed if I run the campaign though, then it ends up being fine and there isn't advantage plus. But if you get this option, make sure you do not check that. And that turns advantage plus off. It's infuriating that Facebook keeps trying to turn on all this crap that actually hurts your performance, but that's what they do. I have it saved as a preset in here, which I highly recommend just for timesaving sake. But targeting wise is the next kind of big change because a couple months ago, Meta removed most targeting options. So, for example, you used to be able to go in here and be like, I want to target deaf tones. They're now in heavy metal music. I want to target Lincoln Park. They're inside alternative rock. I want to target uh Drake is probably still in here because he's he's massive artist. I want to target Taylor Swift is still in there, but I want to target something like Rascal Flats, which used to be in here, and they're now in country music. So like a lot of unless you're like a huge pop star, they're not in here anymore. But you can still do genres and in some cases subg genres. New metal was taken away and alternative metal were taken away, which for me is a bummer because that's what my my band does, those kind of two genres. And even I think even progressive metal was taken away, which is kind of another angle we do. It's all in heavy metal. So on that note, like I still typically do the whole streaming service thing. So I'll throw in a streaming service or more. Sometimes I'll throw in multiple. I'll do a define further and must also match and I'll do heavy metal music and I still do multiple adsets but I'm testing big broad giant genres and in some cases we I've just done like one big adset and thrown everything in but very most of the time I'm doing multiple adsets if there's the targeting options to support that. So I might have let's say I have a couple adsets. I have one that's heavy metal. I have one that's hard rock. I think that's targetable alternative rock and then maybe one that's not based on music like maybe targeting people who like video games if it fits the song or who like certain types of movies and stuff like that. So my targeting options got much broader. Now mosing along Meta is pushing advantage plus placements even more than they used to. And this is also kind of like one of my cardinal sins of running these campaigns. You never want to use advantage plus placements. It it kind of just ruins the whole campaigns. And in fact, I really recommend, especially if you're new to this, just do Instagram. And in fact, just do like these six placements or even just the four like feed, explore, stories, and reels. And you know, this doing advantage plus placements will cause the same thing as advantage plus audiences where it looks better on Facebook, but in reality, it's much worse on the streaming number side. If you look up what Meta is saying about their Andromeda update, um, they're really talking about Advantage Plus automations, which as you've just seen, I turn off essentially every Advantage Plus optimization. So, I don't think a lot like a lot of the Andromeda update actually even applies to these ads if you're doing it right because you're turning off a lot of their Advantage Plus stuff. But they what they do focus on is that Andromeda is Meta's proprietary machine learning model system designed for retrieval and ad recommendation focused on delivering a step function improvement in value to our advertisers and people. This is really an article about the whole AI machine learning behind their system. But the focus here is on it's an ad retrieval update. And I'm not a software developer, not a machine learning expert or anything. The entire focus is on the ad creatives and they have even like a system architecture ad candidates and ad corpus user request. Essentially this is about matching ads to the right people. And what other people have been saying is instead of trying to do ads with tiny little changes like this color is different or this this has a slightly different like outro or you change the language a little bit in the middle. do ads with like a different hook with a completely different message at the top right when the video starts with a completely different in our case for this different parts of the song different visual angles different right like more different more variety and we've already been doing four parts of the song and two visual styles so we have two completely different angles and we have four different parts of the song which can be radically different too so naturally the way I've been running ads selectively using like the letting meta control the spend between the adsets and but then not using their advantage plus audiences and advantage plus placements and then using a diversity of creatives and broad targeting. I think if there is anything to this Andromeda update that actually applies to these types of ads, I think I kind of automatically just skirted by these changes. It's been a longer video than I expected, but I hope that this helps if you've been having problems since the update. Maybe you've been running your ads differently. you've been you've been doing certain settings differently than I do and that's actually caused you to have problems. That's what I've been doing and it's been working fine for me. So, if you want to see how I run these campaigns from start to finish, check out this playlist right here and I'm going to pin whatever my newest video is on this type of campaign to the top of it. And if you want to see whatever YouTube thinks you should watch, check out this one. And also make sure you subscribe for future videos. Thanks for watching and I'll see you there. Bye.

  Top Comments:
  1. @MeatgrindBlasphemy [8 likes]: What I am worried about is the missing genres and artists for niche music like industrial which we do. We used to be able to select people who are interested in Skinny Puppy and Ministry, but now we have to select Extreme Metal or even worse Heavy, which will have lot's of people who are not at all interested in our kind of stuff.... Well nevertheless, I am starting a new campaign with this new genre system today, so let's see how it goes. Old campaigns I had around 0.2-0.3€/conversion
  2. @kayble8568 [7 likes]: YES! Just in time! I’m releasing a new song with ads at midnight tonight🤣🙏🙏 Thank you Andrew
  3. @AndrewSouthworth [1 likes]: 🏆 Hire us to run your ads: https://geni.us/AdAgency
🚀 Spotify Growth Machine Course: https://geni.us/SpotifyGrowthMachine
🌍 Best website / store / funnels for music artists: https://geni.us/MusicFunnels (get your 14-day FREE trial!)
👥 Fan Growth Machine: https://geni.us/FanGrowthMachine
🎬 YouTube Growth Machine: https://geni.us/YouTubeGrowthMachine
🧑‍💻 Consultations: https://geni.us/GSConsulting
📰Join the FREE Music Marketing Monday newsletter here: https://geni.us/GSNewsletter
⌨ Chat in the community (FREE): https://geni.us/GSCommunity
🎤 Modern Music Marketing Podcast: https://geni.us/MMMPodcast
  4. @MynameisorendJ [1 likes]: All meta is doing is taking people’s money
  5. @ShowRUNVisuals [1 likes]: Something happened where I’m spending more and my audience isn’t reaching as much people even thought I had it set to tier 1 and 2 as well as my targeting were the same.. running ads are always fkn somehow. FB does too much with updates do an update 1 a year not ever fkn month
  6. @AltPlaylists [1 likes]: your prices are in USD correct?
  7. @kayble8568 [1 likes]: Do we still run cold and warm campaigns seperately? 

I saw someone say we dont , and shouldnt do that anymore??
  8. @berkayozbek8877 [1 likes]: I think it's also about the genre. My band makes metal including some harsh vocals and I need to narrow the targeting. After the update, my CPVs are doubled.
  9. @PianoHandsOnFaiya: They took away instagram explore, should we substitute it with instagram explore feed? Or just focus on reels, stories, and instagram feed for placements?
  10. @Hebridean-g2l: Everyone here is doing better than me.I can’t get ads published due to errors which I cannot fix.I’ve sent 7 requests for account review in 4 weeks and there’s been no reply.I truly am sick of them.
  11. @pavelzhironkin1919: With my experience, any ads work better with new songs.  Im talking not about cost per conversions, but about streams and listeners. We have release radar and i think spotify algos just more flexible with new song. So old song can work not so good after few months.
  12. @itsalex030: sadly the update fucked my campaign completely. I had a way better conversion rate but seems like it went to the wrong people.. we definitely need solutions to solve this.
  13. @i_am_non_a: Have you ever considered doing a video about X (Twitter) ad campaigns? Personally, I haven't been able to get the pixel working.
  14. @ThunderFoxMusic: The reason advantage placement ruins your ads is because it sends the ads to Mobile games and apps in Uzbekistan. Uzbeks use Yandex Music. So yeah, you get $0.07 per click, but once the user reaches Spotify or Apple Music, nothing happens and it ruins your campaign.
  15. @djangomclear_rocks: for me it stayed the same, my playlist campaign gets around 14-17cent
  16. @Whitecollarbandsa: As always.. spot on and great help thank you!
  17. @_ZTVZ_: Hi Andrew! Any tips on scaling the budget of campaigns that do work?
  18. @jamesdpterodactyl3068: EPIC
  19. @bjornark: Been running a campaign for a single about two months, mostly T1 countries. My CPC has been below 0.10 cents, however I am seeing some slow increase in CPC. It was actually around 0.07 ish in the start. The track in question is on its way to 200 000 streams. Pop index is 43%. Source of streams are: Your profile and catalog - 11%, Listener’s own playlists and library - 48%, Spotify algorithmic playlists - 26%. I am debating releasing a new track or keep promoting it. Any insights you could share about that decision Andrew? I dont have the cash-flow to promote two singles at the same time (yet). :D
  20. @tomrosenjacobson80: Thanks man this is incredibly valuable once again. I experimented with advantage + placements and my campaign got destroyed. Turns out they optimised for conversions, meaning they used unskippable in-app ads. This drives conversions from Meta's perspective but the conversion rate on my landing page (submithub links) was dismal. And I think Spotify also recognizes that lots of people weren't listening past 30s (i assume because they misclicked on the ad) so the campaign was decimated before it even had a chance. Such a waste! Oh well, lesson learnt

- Meta Just Changed Lead Generation Forever (Facebook Ads Andromeda Update): Kind: captions Language: en If you're running Facebook ads and your cost per lead has gone up or your appointment volume has dropped overnight, the new Facebook Andromeda update is likely the reason why. But here's the good news. If you understand how this update really works, you can actually get better leads for less money. And in this video, I'm going to show you exactly how. So, just as a quick recap, if you don't already know by now, Meta's new Andromeda update was released a few months ago. And the update is designed to scan through millions of ads in milliseconds to match the right ad to the right person at exactly the right time. That means the old way of running ads where you would just duplicate different adsets. Maybe you change the audiences on those adsets and you just kept refreshing the creative by changing a few colors or maybe you wear a different outfit or you change the background or something like that is no longer as effective as it used to be. And here's where things get really interesting, because this is what I've noticed inside of my own Facebook account when I first started to see the effects of the Andromeda update in action. So, a few months ago in July, we spent $15,000 in ads. And as you can see from the screenshot here, we generated $51,000 in tracked revenue through Stripe. Now, I say tracked because it doesn't include payments that were made via bank transfer or clients that came through other channels. This is just directly tracked from Facebook ads that then paid through Stripe. But then in August, something strange happened. As you can see here, our cost per appointment went down, which sounds great, right? So, we were getting more appointments, but as you can see, our total revenue dropped. So, we made less sales and also we made less money for every new client that we brought on. So, the ads were still profitable, as you can see here, but it wasn't as profitable as they used to be. So, that's when I realized something big had changed. The ads were working on paper, but the money wasn't flowing in like it was before. So, like you're probably doing right now, I started digging. I started studying everything I could about the Andromeda update. I watched every single YouTube video I could find on the topic and I listened to what other advertisers were seeing in terms of what was working well and what was not working well for them. Now, I will say there is a lot of information specifically on this update and how it applies to e-commerce businesses. is there wasn't a ton of information on how it applies specifically for service-based businesses. So, when you're looking at different videos on YouTube, just keep in mind it can sometimes depend on what industry you're in. So, I'm just talking about running ads specifically for a service-based business. So, a business that needs to get leads and appointments to get more clients. If you run some sort of e-commerce business, then you know it's a completely different game. I don't do any of that stuff. I'm not an expert in that. So, if that's what you do, I would probably recommend watching another video. This video probably isn't going to be the right one for you. But after studying all this information and then starting to do some tests of my own, if we fast forward to now, here is a screenshot of how much we've spent on Facebook ads for this month so far in October and the total revenue that we've made. Again, tracked revenue from Facebook ads through Stripe. So, we've actually spent less on ads so far. and our cost per lead and cost per appointment are both higher, but the revenue, which is really the only metric that truly matters, is actually up. And the ROI or the return on investment is higher, too. So, we're not even at the end of the month yet. And again, this doesn't include clients who paid by bank transfer or new clients who will convert over the next few months as they continue to get our follow-up nurturing emails. But already, you can see that there's been a big difference in the results. So, the big question is, what changed? Well, here are the two things I believe had the biggest impact on the results so far. Change number one was to stop focusing on leads and start focusing on clients. So, with my old ads, the goal was simple. Get as many leads and qualified appointments as possible for the lowest cost possible. Back then, it was a bit of a numbers game. The more appointments you booked, the more clients that you could get. But, as you know, Andromeda changed all that. Meta system is now designed to match ads not just to get leads but to potential buyers which means people who are most likely to actually become clients. So before if for example two people saw your ad and one was ready to buy and the other was maybe just researching they'd both see the same ad. But now Meta shows them different ads based on where they are in the buyer journey. So, someone early on in the process might see a short educational ad, but someone ready to buy right now might see your testimonial ad or a comparison ad about why your service is different and potentially better than other services that are out there. So, this actually makes running meta ads so much more powerful if you know how to leverage the new algorithm to your advantage. And it also makes being in control of your own marketing system more important than ever before. Because here's the problem. If you're buying leads or relying on a third-party lead vendor to run ads for you or to sell you leads, the ads they're running are only optimized to get leads, not clients. So, Meta's algorithm is trained to find people who are likely to fill out a form, but not necessarily people who actually book a call or become a client. So that means when you're not in control of your own marketing system, you miss out on the biggest advantage of this new update. Meta's ability to find people who are ready to buy right now. So that's why it's so important to own your own marketing system. When you control the ads, the funnel, and the follow-up, you control the data that Meta sees. And when you send Meta better data, Meta sends you better clients. And that's exactly what we help our clients do every single day. We build what I call automated appointment machines. Marketing systems that help you attract, book, and convert your ideal clients automatically. And if you like us to show you how to do it or to do it all for you, just click the link in the description of this video to watch my free masterclass training which goes through how it all works step by step. So once you have ads that appeal to people at all stages of the buyer journey, you'll notice something interesting happens when you run ads. For example, here's a screenshot of three of my video ads from the last 30 days. Notice that one of the ads, the middle one, is a 4-minute video of me talking about why someone might consider working with us to help them with lead generation versus other alternative options. And even though it only generated one appointment, Facebook is still actively showing this ad to thousands of people. So the question is why? It's because Facebook is not just trying to get appointments, it's trying to get sales. So, in the past, what myself and other advertisers would do is look at the stats like this and think, "Oh, this video ad only generated one appointment and the cost per appointment is really high. Let's turn it off." But now, this would be a huge mistake. If Facebook is actively showing the ad to people, it means people are watching it. If people are watching a 4-minute video about why they should work with you, then obviously these people are interested in being one of your clients. So you should let Meta show the ad to people. If that ad is no longer interesting or relevant to people, Meta will automatically stop showing it to people. So all you've got to do is just feed data to the machine. The machine being meta, just feed it data. And by data, I mean feed it ads that it could potentially use. If the ad is good and it can be used somewhere in the buyer journey, Meta will use it. And if it's not good and it can't be used in the buyer journey, Meta will stop using it. And it does all this automatically without you even having to lift a finger. So it's no longer about creating ads that only get leads. It's about creating ads that get clients. And this explains why on paper, even though my cost per lead and cost per appointment for this month so far is higher than it was in previous months, the revenue is also higher. And it's all because Facebook is spending money not only to get leads and appointments, but to get actual clients. This is also why I think so many people have been saying that their cost per lead and cost per appointment is now much higher than what it used to be. And I think it's because of this reason. Facebook isn't just focusing on leads and appointments. It wants to get you clients. That is the ultimate goal of running meta ads. Because at the end of the day, if you get leads and appointments, but none of them convert into clients, you're going to stop running ads. And that's not what Meta wants you to do. They want you to keep paying them for ads every single day, every week, and every month. So, it's in their best interest to get you the best possible results. So, in your business, if paying more for an appointment means you actually get more clients and generate more revenue, then that in my opinion is actually a good thing. I'd rather get less leads but more clients any day. So, in your business, ask yourself, what ads would someone need to see at each point of the buyer journey from awareness, consideration to decision? And those are the ads that you need to be creating. And speaking of ads, this brings me on to change number two, which is to educate rather than sell. So, even though selling is incredibly important when running ads, the reality is we live in a world right now where people have never been more skeptical than they are today compared to any other time in history. And like I explained earlier, the vast majority of people will not be at the end of the buyer journey. So, one of the ways you can move people from the awareness and the consideration phase and not only that, one of the ways that you can also help people from all three stages of the buyer journey to convert is by creating educational content. And speaking of educational content, it's actually funny because I was watching a video yesterday by Frank Kern, who if you don't know who he is, he's been in the marketing space for a very, very long time now. I've actually been watching his content since I was a teenager, so well over 15 years now. And by coincidence, one of his latest videos came up on my YouTube recommendation page. And guess what he was saying? He says that he's been repurposing his educational videos from YouTube into Facebook and Instagram ads just to see what would happen. So instead of running ads that focus on selling, he's been running ads that educate. And he said that these educational ads that he's been running over the last few months have been converting better than the ads that he used to run when he was just focused on selling stuff. And I thought it was funny because this is exactly by coincidence what I've been doing as well over the last month. I've been repurposing my YouTube videos into ads on Facebook and Instagram because I realized that the YouTube videos I recall do such a good job of building up trust with potential clients and actually generating revenue with clients. Then why not just use those same videos on Facebook and Instagram as well. So that was my line of reasoning and that's exactly what I did. And here's a quick example of one of the YouTube videos that I repurposed into Facebook ads. It was just a short video that goes through some of the different ways that you can generate leads and the pros and cons of each method. And as a result of this educational content that I've been repurposing from YouTube into Facebook and Instagram ads, I've noticed that the quality of the calls from Meta Ads for this month have been getting better as well. The show up rate is also now higher. And more importantly, as you saw, the revenue generated from meta ads was much better, too. So, this is exactly why I encourage all my clients and everyone, even you watching this video right now, to create YouTube videos or to create educational content. Because not only can these YouTube videos be used to help you get better results with your ads, but as a bonus, even if you don't run any ads, they help you generate leads and appointments for free with the best kinds of leads. The leads that already know what you do. They like what you have to say, and they trust you. In fact, when I look at the data for my clients, all of the clients that get above average results are the ones that are doing YouTube and ads, not just ads on their own. But the problem is recording YouTube videos can take a very long time. I know how frustrating it can be to create YouTube videos. It can be a hassle to set up your home office and then just start recording content. But what if you didn't need to? What if there was a way to literally clone yourself using AI so that you could create videos for YouTube, meta ads, and more with a digital AI clone of yourself? Well, this is exactly what I've started to do for some of my videos. In fact, the video that you're watching right now is my digital AI clone. Maybe you could tell, maybe you couldn't. I don't know. But what I do know is that having a digital AI clone to record videos for me has saved me a ton of time. And if you'd like to know how I do this, watch this video next as I break it all down step by step. Now, just as a disclaimer, this technology has improved a lot since I recorded this video. So, whatever you see in this video, just keep in mind that now the quality is even better, and as time goes on, it's just going to keep getting better and better. So, anyway, that's it for this video. Thanks for watching and I'll see you in the next

  Top Comments:
  1. @iamGarryDubbs [7 likes]: Took me a little notice but definitely noticeable it's ai, lack of inflexion of emotion on your face and repeating movements
  2. @Junior-f3s1p [2 likes]: Didn’t even know this was ai!!
  3. @buzzboomer [1 likes]: This update really changes the game—shifting from just leads to actual clients is a powerful mindset shift!
  4. @JohnPatrickAguilar-s3g [1 likes]: Amazing content. How do you get ideas for content?
  5. @syedarslanamjad8645 [1 likes]: Amazing content, Really helpful! Great work
  6. @AshDavis: 👉 Free Masterclass Training on How To Get 10-30+ Predictable Appointments Each Month ➡ https://app.skylinesocial.com/masterclass?el=youtube-meta-andromeda-update
🚀 Schedule a call to work with us here: https://app.skylinesocial.com/apply?el=youtube-meta-andromeda-update
  7. @RafaelBelor: funny, i thought, this guy is a little weird, how he talks and moves, but was not expecting it to be ai. after all, the visual doesn‘t matter too much, its more about the value, and the value is good! :) thanks mr robot clone 😂
  8. @danla0809: Ash great video -- you mention that your video is about selling services. How the new Andromeda algo works for Local Business like Dentist or Chiros - that try to get new clients locally? Before the targeting was 20 or 10 miles from the local business. How the try to sell Local service works with the new Andromeda?
  9. @OgunremiEmmanuel: So this is ai good
  10. @VeduVisuals: AI can't blink😅😅 but it was really great way 😊
  11. @MHJTS: How do you educate people on serviced based businesses? For example, if someone has a junk removal company. How would I make an ad to educate them on that?
  12. @jettjrose: I'd pay to know how you made this video lol... ai stuff
  13. @esyconcepts: Thank you, pls does it mean I have to use multiple pix for my  adds
  14. @TerrogamingProbro: This video is ai
  15. @TerrogamingProbro: And help full
  16. @TerrogamingProbro: Well my father is right you are op
  17. @diogopsilvareis: Sorry, maybe I didn't get it, but that's not the algorithm behaviour. The algorithm only goes after sales when you select the purchase goal, that's why Andromeda works really well for ecommerce.

When the lead objective is selected the algorithm will always go after user who have a higher chance of submitting a form, and unfortunately that's not the business' end goal. Thats's why only tracking qualified leads on your form (for example: only consider a lead on Meta when the user who submits the form has selected a monthly revenue that allows him to hire your service),  and offline conversions are a must for lead gen. Those will give the right signals to Meta go after qualified users. 

When meta allocates a big percentage of the budget on a creative who isn't performing, you always need to check the frequency, if the frequency is above 1.8 it means is not working as Top of funnel creative, it's just an under performer. Meta has 2 goals while advertising: 

1- Make more money 
2- Give a good experience to the user 

The 2nd option explains why an under performer, who is not working as top of funnel ad, keeps spending a big chunk of the budget. That happens because the engagement metrics are good, even tough users are not converting, it is giving them a good experience because they are engaging, so Meta decides to keep spending.
  18. @manuelpistner7984: Great video,thanks for sharing. How important do you find it that you get 50 conversation per week? I think meta will optimize for client's if you feed back capi imports, othewise meta doesn't know who becomes a client or do you have different insights?

- How to Get Chiropractors Paying Patients from Meta Ads After the Andromeda Update (Full Strategy): Kind: captions Language: en Hey, it's Danish from Local Niche Marketing. And we see that many chiropractors spend thousands of dollars on Meta ads, but they are still struggling to turn leads into paying patients. And here are the few reasons why. Now, we are going to cover how we actually manage Meta ads for chiropractors. Um and the first thing is that we have to see that what have recently changed uh in terms of mata's algorithm right I will put myself over there now after the andro mada what has been changed now it was before andromeda it was audience audience first targeting we all know that uh in the adset that we were targeting different interest um interest groups um and then launch the ads and then it is going to give us the results or leads. Now things have changed um after the Android update. Now creative is our new targeting um and it is creative first approach. Now, now when we talk about Adroada, we are actually talking about content diversification and I was um previously in a meeting with a client where they were really frustrated by you know we have to launch more ads. Uh why um um is it not better if we just um you know create different lengths of our existing uh creatives? Will that um give us some results? So I was like it's the content not just length diversification right? uh the same creative um is going to reach the same audience if the length is uh optimized. So again the concept is really really clear here. We have to diversify our content uh not diversify the length of the creatives. Creative is the new targeting right? Uh we don't do anything in terms of targeting uh these days now. uh we just uh push or focus more on creating more creatives with different angles. We will cover how what kind of creatives work in chiropractic space what we have seen is currently working. Now testing is not limited to only changing the headlines, ad copies or create uh creating ad variations of the winning ads. Uh these are the reasons why uh these are the reasons why you know um they are still struggling to get patients in door uh because they have not done the front part or front end part right and then they complain about hey the lead quality sucks and things like that. Uh also it involves the followup. Uh their their staff is uh lazy in reaching out the leads. That is another story we are going to cover in another video. But let's just focus on uh the ads itself. The ad account structure um pretty much it's straightforward, right? uh there if you have budget like if you have um good amount of budget like $2,000 to $3,000 that's a handsome amount of budget you can put into the advertise advertisement of your chiropractic business. Now the way to create your campaigns is that uh if your ad account is new uh we will recommend using a true play video in which uh the clinic owner or the business owner should record some videos about their clinic or about their service that they are going to advertise. If they are advertising for chiropractic adjustments then they need to show their face. uh this builds uh authority, authenticity and thus creates more um uh engagement. So the in terms of structuring your ad account, we will recommend or we are recommending and we are using it like two campaigns if you have more budget. One is for through place that's the 15-second video. So the goal of this campaign is to give you 15-second videos, right? Uh and we do it because we want to um create awareness on the platform and the videos are the best uh assets that can do us do that for us. And in terms of the main um meat of our campaign is that one campaign, two adsets uh with no additional targeting, one will be a testing adset where you are going to test different creatives angles. Um there comes the part of content diversification that we were talking earlier, right? And then uh once you see that some kind of traction is inside a particular ad, we will just shift that particular ad inside the winning ad set. However, we are not going to pause that ad in the testing ads set. Um once we see that the winning ads set has uh getting traction on the ad which was recently launched from the testing adset. Then we are going to pause the ad inside the testing adset. Uh again in one week you should at least try to create two to three ads uh with different angles uh diversify your content. Right? And in terms of creative types, what kind of creatives that you are going to create is UGC style ads. Uh right. Uh where uh there might be a patient speaking about the service, there might be you speaking about your service like if you are talking about chiropractic adjustments or if you're talking about spinal decompression, how it can solve the back pain um how it is better than surgery, how shock how shockwave can treat your knee pain. Um now here is the uh you know diversification part right. Shockwave can treat your back pain uh your foot pain, your knee pain, your shoulder pain. So you can target these angles uh and you will have a lot of content made around different pain points. Right? Then you can also create FAQ videos like you know um is this particular treatment uh going to work for me if I am 30 years old right or 40 years old right and if I had a surgery or things like that. So FAQ videos works really well. Um there are um sometimes longer videos um but they can uh actually uh get good engagement. Um then the there is the testimonial ads to build the authority and build the trust with your audience. Then there are the product benefit ads uh where you can um actually display the image of your table um your device and then list down the benefits of this particular device. Then there is the versus ash like uh I was talking about shockwave like you can do a versus with knee surgery like uh knee shockwave treatment versus knee surgery and then list down the benefits um of both these um services. However, you will going to emphasize more on the benefits of the shockwave that you are selling. Right? Then there is the podcast style ads. Uh these can be made through AI tools. However, a lot of people don't like chiropractors don't um you know agree with uh this part. Uh but there are working really great in this industry strategy. Um now this is really uh there is no answer to strategy because it's an ongoing thing like you are going to optimize the ad accounts um according to the metrics you are tracking. So here are a few things that I think are the basics uh to start with right now. The first thing is the most important one because if you don't have a tracking setup then you're not going to see any events fired inside the events manager and you're uh you are going to see horrible horrible results uh while optimizing your campaigns because what is going to happen um mata is going to restrict your data set or pixel and categorize it under health and wellness that will not allow us to track standard events like leads, complete purchase, things like that, right? Bottom of the funnel events will not be tracked inside the events manager and no matter what you do to enhance your conversion tracking. Uh maybe you're doing a conversions API, that is not going to work because your pixel is not tracking events. The way forward is to create custom events through Google Tag Manager or use custom conversions inside Google uh inside your Facebook um ads manager. Start with a throughplay campaign. Again, if you have budget, start with it. generate some awareness and then if you see any engagement definitely there will be going to uh have I mean this campaign is going to generate awareness engagement and these both are necessary while we are running campaigns for a new ad account uh launch conversion ads after 30 to 40 days because now the people have already seen you and then you can launch the uh conversion ads, right? Go for a kill now instead of um going for a kill, right? Uh from the start. Uh don't pause ads like it was uh 2024, right? Uh now um we have seen um a lot of uh people pausing ads like it was 2024 and the meaning of that is we all know that if what we were doing in 2024 or 2025 like before Andromeda we were just pausing the ad which has a higher cost per lead or which had a uh you know which had no cost uh lead or conversion action attached to that particular creative. Now, if the creative is still getting you the impressions and still spending a lot of your money on that particular creative, you don't need to pause it because that is the favorite creative decided by the algorithm to find the audiences, right? Uh so we need to only pause that particular ad if you see a decline in impressions and ad spend. This is how things are after Andromeda update. I hope you guys like this video and if you are a chiropractor looking to generate not only leads but qualified patients, you can book a call with us. Everything will be mentioned in the description of this video. Uh until the next video, thank you.

- The "Andromeda" Update: Why Your Meta Ads are Failing in 2026: Kind: captions Language: en All right, let's jump right in. We're breaking down five new strategies for your meta ads. So, are your ad costs going up while your lead quality is just plummeting? You're not alone. And here's why. Recent platform updates have made old strategies pretty much useless and super expensive. But hey, there's a solution. Let's walk through five powerful strategies that are working right now. Strategy one is all about your creatives. Seriously, this is the most important part of the puzzle now. And you can't just use one style. You got to test different angles like these every single week. Here's the process. Create a bunch of variations. Test them in small groups. Then scale up the winners. All right, strategy number two. It's time to completely change how you think about targeting. Just trust the AI. This is a huge shift, you guys. We're moving away from detailed targeting and just going broad. The best way to do this, Advantage Plus campaigns. They let the AI do all the heavy lifting for you. Okay, next up is strategy three, the funnel method. You need to build a clear path for your customers. So, you guide them through these three stages. Don't just jump straight to the sale. Build that interest first. When you warm up your audience like this, you'll see your cost per result drop like a rock. So, how does this all come together? Well, it all boils down to a simple final formula for success. First, and we've already hit on this, but it's that important. Your creative is absolutely everything. Second, which is our fourth big strategy, you need a seriously irresistible offer at the end of that funnel. And third, our fifth and final strategy, you've got to have precise conversion tracking. This is non-negotiable. And that's where the metapixel comes in. It's basically the brain that tells the AI who to target. So, there you have it, the new playbook. The only question is which one are you going to tackle

- How Meta’s Andromeda Update Is Secretly Changing Your Ads (And What To Do About It): Kind: captions Language: en Meta just rolled out one of their biggest algorithm updates and it's called Andromeda. And if you have noticed that your ad performance has been down since August, this could be why. Some businesses that are rolling this out see their CPMs drop with 20% whereas other businesses actually see their customer acquisition tank. Meta quietly built up their ad platform from the ground up and some advertisers have no idea what hit them. I'm about to show you how Andromeda exactly works, why your current Facebook ad strategies might be obsolete, and what strategies you can use and implement. Right now, we've been testing this in client accounts and we're spending millions a month. And we have a case study where we actually show that it's working great and another case study where actually the customer acquisition is tanking. So, if you're running Facebook ads in 2025, you got to understand this. So, let's dive in. What exactly is Andromeda? Think of it as Meta completely rebuilding the engine of a car while you are still driving it. They didn't just change the algorithm. They fundamentally changed how Meta makes decisions which ads are actually shown to users. Here's the technical bit made simple. Andromeda is Facebook's new ads retrieval system. Before, when a user opened Facebook, Facebook would basically decide out of a few hundred ads which ads it was going to show the user. Now it's scanning thousands, if not tens of thousands of ads in a few seconds. Using sequence learning, it doesn't just understand what you're doing now, but what you have done last week or past month. The old system was like a librarian grabbing a random book off the shelf. Andromeda is like an AI that has read the whole library, knows what you exactly read, and therefore will have a much better prediction of what you actually enjoy reading. And here's where it gets wild, because Meta paired it with Advantage Plus, which is now on by default on both CBO and campaigns. So this basically forces you to run campaigns on autopilot. No micromanaging anymore. The machine is now really in control. And this changes everything on how we run ads. We used to want to have only like three to six ads basically in an adset because we know that Facebook was going to shift the budget to one or two ads. That rule is done. Or the 20% tax rule on an image irrelevant as well. What matters now the most is creative diversity. And I'm not talking about making 15 variations of a headline. Andromeda rewards portfolios with fundamentally different creative ad concepts. Think of it like this. Rather than split testing the buy now or learn more button, you want to have fundamentally different ads in your adsense. Problem solution ads, founder story ads, or UGC. The system now thinks in terms of creative portfolios, not individual ads. The system is now looking at your complete creative library and it matches your creative library to the behavior of the user. One person might see a testimonial because that's what they watched yesterday. Another sees your product demo because they have been researching solutions. And here's the counterintuitive part. Adding more creative to your campaigns actually is working now. We are seeing 30, 40 or even 50 ads in a single campaign absolutely crushing it. The old way of like keeping it simple is basically over and done. Forget everything you know about campaign structure. The new winning formula is simple. One campaign per objective per front-end offer. broad targeting and as much creative diversity as you can. We are really starting to move away from audiences and ABOS's. No more complex funnel as one Andromeda optimized CBO campaign can actually tap into all of the audiences throughout the funnel. Top of funnel, middle of funnel and bottom of funnel all squished basically in one campaign. So consolidation is king. Why? Because in order for Andromeda to work well, it needs that data density. If you split your budget across 10 different campaigns, you're basically depriving the algorithm of data. But if you put it in one, two, or three campaigns, you're feeding the algorithm with data, and you'll see that it will actually start to work better. In the ideal scenario, your campaigns now have at least 10 different ad concepts. So, not just 10 different variations, but completely different ad concepts. And the recommendation of Facebook is to try to test at least 20 creatives per week. So, that would be 80 per month. And when you have new creatives, you can do two things. Either you feed into your evergreen campaign, or you have a big testing campaign that you're consistently pushing new ads in, and your winners you push into your evergreen CBO advantage plus campaign. So, let me show you what this actually means in practice. So, Cleanies, one of our mastermind students, saw their performance tank in mid August. Their CPM started to increase, drove a higher cost per click, and therefore obviously higher CPAs. And they completely restructured their ad accounts. They went from eight campaigns down to two, one per front-end offer. They took every winning ad from the past year and even the ones they turned off because they were fat fatigued, they were loaded into one new campaign. So they added founder stories, behind the scenes content, customer testimonials, everything. And within days, their CPMs dropped with 20%. And therefore also their cost per click again and their CPAs actually dropped with 35%. But here's the interesting part. Whereas before one or two ads would basically get the majority of the budget. Right now with having 15 ads in one campaign, we actually see that Facebook starts to feeds the budget and basically spread it out much more equally. And obviously it's still pushing budget to actually the ads that are working, but the spread is much more diverse than one or two ads that are getting like the 90% of the budget. So the lesson Andromeda rewards creative diversity and creative portfolios. But to be fair, it's also not all sunshine and rainbows. We discovered something actually pretty disturbing from one of our agency clients. So we actually saw in the audience segments in the Facebook ads manager that customer acquisition was really strong. We had strong CPAs after implementing this Andromeda structure. We had strong CPAs and strong rorowaz. But the Shopify back end was actually showing a different story because what we saw is that the number of new customers went down since we implemented this and returning customer rate went up. Now you could think that that's a good thing, but in this case, returning customer rate went up because the number of new customers was going down. So what was happening? Andromeda was basically finding people that were most likely to convert and kept circling actually more towards existing customers and therefore dropping the number of new customer acquisition. So what was the solution? Well, obviously we had to go in and explicitly actually still add in exclusions of site visitors and past customers. So even though Meta says, "Hey, listen. You can now have one campaign that's basically a fullfunnel campaign. The most important thing is your back end, if you see something else happening in your back end, you have to make decisions that are actually in the best interest of your business, not in the best interest obviously of Meta. So if you have seen a drop in your ads, here is what you can do and test today. Try to consolidate your campaigns with having a CBO, open, broad targeting with a creative diversification portfolio. You can also go back through all of the creatives that you have had in your archive like historical creatives that did very well. Try to add them together in that one big CBO Andromeda campaign and see if they actually start working again because we have seen that that actually does work. And third, you really need to double down on a creative production schedule because creative production, creative strategy has never been more important. Meta recommends to test 20 ads per week. Now the question is whether you can reach that or not. But you have to start thinking about systems to actually start reaching that. So try to use AI to create creatives briefs. You need to hire maybe a creative strategist or you can work with an agency like smart marketer to help you with that. Fourth, please check your back end. If you roll this out and you see the number of new customers go down and your returning customer rate go up at exclusions, even though that's not like best practices of meta, your goal and your objective obviously as a business owner and as a marketer is to make sure that your customer acquisition stays strong and that we use the tools that are given uh to us. So even though we do see that Andromeda actually does very good things for a lot of our client accounts, make sure that you check your back end and that Andromeda is not going after existing customers just to get those conversions and have a good meta row which is not in your best interest. Your best interest is a strong backend row. The Andromeda update is the biggest update that we have seen since iOS 14.5 dropped, but not a lot of people are actually talking about it and even Meta keeps it a bit quiet. So the advertisers that figure this out right now can dominate while others are still running the 2023 playbook. The old way of testing your way to the one perfect ad is that the future is creative portfolios, consolidated campaigns, and feeding the machine what it actually wants, which is variety, volume, and velocity. If this helps you understand what is working right now, please subscribe, leave a comment, or if you see something else happening in your accounts that is working, please put it in the comments as well. The businesses that adopt to the Andromeda update can absolutely thrive. The ones that don't will wonder why their 2024 campaigns are not working anymore. So, don't get left behind. I hope this was useful and I'll see you in the next one.

  Top Comments:
  1. @maurocorreia10 [3 likes]: Hi! How do you pass a winner to the winner campaign?
  2. @agusset1awan [1 likes]: With Meta’s Andromeda-driven campaign optimization encouraging brands to consolidate campaigns while relying on the system to manage delivery through creative variation, an important question arises: does this evolution genuinely serve the best interests of advertisers, or does it primarily advance Meta’s own platform efficiency goals?
  3. @seank2793 [1 likes]: How do you apply this update to local lead gen campaign like landscaping?
  4. @JasonKhehra [1 likes]: Thanks for this video. How do you recommend we do Ad set structure within the CBO? Should we run different ad sets for Founder stories, UGC, etc.?
  5. @learning11-d3g: amazing video. What about catalog ads? Where does is all fit in with the new updates and campaign structure? also when you say broad, the audience signals are broad now technically because meta is saying that it will go broad regardless of the audience suggestion correct?
  6. @iamchieve: Please what’s creative ? Let’s start there as everything will make a lot sense to me if I understand the meaning 😢
  7. @lazurrd: from Afghanistan
  8. @MariaGomez-lg2ug: With Andromeda, everyone's talking about consolidating all ads into one set, but how do I know if my ads are working on the top or bottom of the funnel?

And most importantly: what happens to retargeting now that we have custom audiences? Why is nobody talking about it now with Andromeda? Does it still make sense to separate prospecting from retargeting, or do we just let Meta decide the entire funnel?
  9. @OlexDesign: Great info - thank you. I am wondering how to apply creative diversity to dynamic catalog ads when you have 200 products plus different variations. Also, you cannot add videos to a WooCommerce image gallery.
  10. @TerrogamingProbro: Nice
  11. @alkhannoussiayoube9723: I don't get it ads was working amazing why this messs we are loosing money testing 😒
  12. @miguelchacker5327: Hi! I’ve been in the industry for around six monhts now. I wouldn’t say I’m an expert yet, but I definitely know my way around. I’m currently looking for an agency that offers a long-term position. I’m also open to starting as an intern even working for free at the start  just to prove myself and eventually discuss a proper pay structure.

If anyone knows an agency or mentor who’s open to taking on a mentee, I’d really appreciate your recommendation. I’m ready to start ASAP!
  13. @b1nvezz15: take link update pls
  14. @Zak-t5y: Question: My current testing CBO is structured in a way where each time I upload something new, I create an ad set with 3 variations.
Should I keep that, or should I restructure my testing CBO so I just have one ad set with all of my testing creatives?

since the meta update rewards totally different ad concepts instead of seperating everything
  15. @nigeldamen7949: But we can we test like 4 main images, 3 collage and 3 carrousel for fashion or doesnt it work like that?
  16. @VitalSleep: What about adding 100 creative or even 200 creatives?
  17. @vitalorigin: What about splitting Ad Sets within a campaign by product or offer? Or should we just put everything in 1 Ad Set too?
  18. @Aazamkaradiia18: So the new update says, do not turn off the non performing ads but only turn off ads that are not spending, right ? So i wanted to ask if i have to add new creatives in that ad-set itself or what ?
  19. @pedrosierra4962: What were you teaching before? One campaign, ads all the way from top of funnel down to bottom of funnel, has already been the best practice.
  20. @sk33nzy: My friend, I haven't been getting any results from message ads for a week. Money is going out but no messages are coming in or 1 message costs $10. What can I do? I'm doing everything, including creative testing.

- How to Analyze Meta Data with Andromeda: Don't Turn Off 'Bad' Ads! (Hidden Funnel Behavior): Kind: captions Language: en When do you turn things off, and when do you leave them running even if they're losing money? That's exactly what I'm going to be covering today. Okay, so today I want to cover a very important topic around the optimization of a meta campaign in today's day and age with Andromeda. So, I've done plenty of content on what Andromeda is, what it does, how you should deal with it. If for some reason you have not seen this content, please do check out the link I am providing. It will go over everything that I just mentioned in a very detailed fashion. So, that's not going to be the core of what I'm going to cover today cuz most of that content has to do with kind of what you do on the front end with Andromeda. Here, I want to focus on, okay, now that your campaign is up and running, you have data flowing through, how do you properly optimize this? So, what's going to happen is obviously some things are going to work well, and some things are going to work not as well. Now, you might tell yourself, okay, great, that's very easy. When something is working not as well, I'm just going to turn it off, and then my campaign will shift the budget over to the items that are working well. That is not necessarily the case of what you should be doing. As a matter of fact, it's very much the opposite of what you should be doing more often, not 100% of the time, which I will cover, but more often than not, even when something is not working, you do want to keep it running for a couple of different reasons. First and foremost, just because you cut something that is losing you money, or maybe just not even making you as much money, it doesn't mean that loss is going to be complete disappeared, and that now all of your assets are going to be promoting a very positive return on ad spend. It just doesn't work that way. What's going to happen is that loss that you are experiencing in that losing asset, it's still going to shift somewhere else to your campaign. That's just the nature of the business. But, even though that asset or that audience or that ad that you are testing maybe quote unquote losing you money or it just isn't performing as well as some of the others, it can still be doing something very positive for you. There's two things that can be going on here. First and foremost, when what is actually the most likely scenario is that Andromeda, what most people don't talk about here, is that Andromeda also creates funnels with your ads. So, if you have a campaign and you've got 20 different ads going on, however many it may be, it's going to create a funnel with those ads. Meaning, it might show to the same person ad one, and then a couple days later it shows them ad two, and then a couple days later it shows them ad three, and ad three is the one they convert on. Now, you don't see the sequence, but it is going on in the background, and then when you happen to hop into your ad manager and that ad three has all the conversions and ads one and two don't have any conversions, you might think, "Oh, ads one and two are lousy." However, it knows that it shows these people those ads in those sequence, first ad one, then ad two, then ad three, that is actually the path that's going to lead them to a conversion event. So, that could be what's going on inside of your campaign. So, when you see these lesser performing ads or audiences, whatever it may be, just keep in mind that this funnel could be taking place and so all the ads are working together in tandem. Meaning, again, if you go in there and then you turn off that lesser performing ad or ads, whatever it may be, that's how that loss is still going to be shifted somewhere else into your account because then it's going to use some other ads in that sequence, right? Or maybe it can't do that proper sequence, so all of your overall return on ad spend or cost per purchase, cost per lead, whatever it is that you are measuring for this, it's going to go up together. So, if you do happen to turn something off, and I will, there is a scenario, don't worry, there is a scenario where you can turn things off and I'll get into that a little bit later. But, whenever you turn things off, make sure you're not looking at your results at the ad level. Look at them at the campaign level. If you turn something off and obviously, you know, that particular ad no longer will be running and you're telling yourself, "Okay, great. Job well done. I turned off my lesser performing ad." But, if your overall campaign cost goes up, again, whatever that cost is, cost per purchase, cost per lead, then you didn't do yourself any favors, right? The overall results are worse. So, please always make a note, take a screenshot, "Okay, here are my results. I'm turning off these ads. Here are the overall campaign results. Let me see what happens when I turn these ads off." And again, if you see the overall campaign results get worse, then you know you should actually have those, quote-unquote, lesser performing ads back on because they were likely doing that funnel sequence that I just mentioned. So, before I go any further, let me go ahead and share my screen and I can show you what this might look like in practice. All right. So, here we are inside of a client account and this is a single campaign where we have a bunch of ad sets all going to the same audience and then inside of each ad set, we just have a unique set of ads with a common theme in them and all driving to the same $47 product. So, this is over the last 7 days we are looking at right here. And you can see this campaign actually, over the last 7 days, is doing great. Again, this is for a $47 product and most ad sets are averaging somewhere between like a $11 to $15 cost per purchase on a $47 product. So, great, things are going well. But, there is this one ad set right here which isn't spending an insignificant amount of money. It's actually pretty much on par with the highest spending ad sets right there and it has seven purchases at $38 per purchase. Now, $38 per purchase is still profitable, that's good. However, when you compare that to the other ad sets which are getting $11, $12, $13 cost per purchase, right? I might look at this and be like, "Oh, wow, this is really bad. If I turn this off, now I'm just going to have a better overall return on ad spend on these other ad sets right here." But, I'm not going to do that because what may be going on here, what is very likely going on here, is that these ads in here and this ad set are being shown first. They're the top funnel, the introduction when someone first sees any of these ads right here, and then they're later converting on all these other ads. And so, if I actually turn this off, it's very possible that my overall campaign results are going to get worse. So, even though this is my {quote} and {quote} worst ad set, it's still functioning in a way that is beneficial to Andromeda. And so, therefore, I'm going to leave it. All right, before I go any further, real quick, I want to say that if you don't want to worry about making these decisions, should I leave this on? Should I leave this off? I don't know what to do. I'm panicking. Don't worry. My team and I can take that burden off of your plate. We are currently bringing on new clients right now. So, whether you're a small business on a small budget or a large business on a large budget, we have all sorts of packages and offerings that can help you with where you are at in your business journey and where you want to get to. So, I'm going to have a link in the description below. Go ahead and click on that and we'll schedule time to talk with me personally. We'll be on a Zoom call, figure out where you are, where you want to go, what the best path for you is, and we'll take it from there. I look forward to speaking with you. Okay. So, there is a classic example of a {quote} and {quote} lesser performing ad set that it's very tempting to look at that and want to turn off, but you do not want to do that. It is likely doing a very important service in that overall campaign. Now, another thing that may be going on here is that ad set could be getting in front of a different unique audience that the other ad sets are not. So, I've discussed before that with Andromeda, targeting takes place at the ad level. It's going to analyze your ad copy, your creative, and then based upon what you're saying and doing there, it'll get in front of the right people for you. So, perhaps also this one right here that I was just showing you where the cost per purchase was $38, perhaps that's just getting in front of a completely unique audience that is different, but maybe that audience is of higher value where they're taking the $47 purchase right now, but perhaps they have a higher likelihood of buying further down the line for a higher ticket item. Whereas all the other assets, again, I'm only hypothesizing here, maybe they're getting in front of a lesser quality quality audience in the sense that yes, they're buying the $47 offer at a higher rate, but maybe they're not buying a higher ticket item further down the road. You don't know these things. Obviously, a higher caliber audience is going to cost you more money. So, that's also another reason why I want to leave this asset on, but maybe I'm getting in front of a completely different audience here. I want to get in front of these people. At the end of the day, it's still profitable, not as profitable as the other assets, but let me go ahead and keep it running in case that is also what is going on here. Okay, you want to leave these lesser performing assets and ads running. That's not always the case. There are examples when you do want to turn things off, and that's when you just see an exorbitant amount of money going to a lesser performing asset or ad, and also that lesser performing asset or ad, its cost is just well beyond anything that you want to bear. So, let me hop back into this account and we'll show you a different example going on here. Okay, so hopping back in here, I am now taking a look at the date range. It was a little further back, about a month ago with this campaign. So, previously I was looking at last 7 days. A month ago this campaign actually was struggling a little bit, and if I go ahead and look at the performance of the various ad sets right here, you can see there's this one ad set here that was turned off because it it was two purchases over a given week at a cost per purchase of $98. Now, $98 is well beyond the sustainable tolerable performance of what is going on inside this funnel, right? So, it's okay to lose some money. I obviously that's more of a decision on the client. I know with this client that $98 is just far beyond anything that needs to be tolerated, so this was turned off. Ultimately, it's up to you in terms of what is tolerable for you. So, in your scenario, if you were selling a $47 product, right, maybe that threshold is $60, $70, $80. I don't know. Again, it's more of a business decision on your end, but a certain point there is a threshold that any business can tolerate. So, if you see that, don't think that what I just said previously, "Oh, no, leave it on. There's a sequence going on and this that and the other." Again, we're all here in order to make money. So, if something is really losing you a lot of money, then yes, that's fine. Go ahead and turn it off at that point. All right, and there you have it. I hope you enjoyed this breakdown and that it provides a lot of clarity in terms of how to analyze your data and properly optimize your campaigns. This is a very big and common mistake, which I get, by the way. You see an ad set or an ad that is {quote} {unquote} underperforming and naturally the instinct is, "Oh, I need to turn this off." But again, with the way things work now, that ad or ad set could be doing a lot of good for you in your campaign. You just don't realize it yet, but hopefully now with this help with this guide, you'll know when it's appropriate to leave on and when it is appropriate to leave off. But as always, if you have any questions about this or anything else I cover, just let me know in the comments. I do my best to get back to everyone within 48 hours. And wherever you are watching this, please also do me a favor and hit that like button, hit the subscribe button where wherever you are consuming this and share it with a friend. It is the best way to help grow this content for me and get the word out there. So, I do appreciate everyone's support and I will see you next time.

  Top Comments:
  1. @imalvaroberrios: Whether you're just getting started or you're spending $50K/month, we can help!
✅ Need help with ads management?  Book a call here: https://www.alvaroberrios.com/schedule-a-call

- Facebook Ads Will Never Be The Same (Meta's Andromeda Update): Kind: captions Language: en Everyone's freaking out about Meta's new Andromeda update, and you've probably seen dozens of marketing gurus shouting about the urgent changes coming to the Facebook algorithm. Now, with all that going on, meanwhile, I've been behind the scenes digging into what Meta actually built under the hood, because this isn't just a small update. It's one of the biggest leaps in advertising tech we've ever seen. And it all comes back to AI. You see, Andromeda is the result of millions of dollars of investment into Nvidia AI GPUs. Specifically, it's a new AI powered retrieval engine designed to enhance personalization and the efficiency of ad delivery across placements. Andromeda is really designed to solve one major problem. How can Meta sift through millions of ads that are active and know which users to serve those ads to? So, Meta couldn't just tweak their software. They had to build a new kind of machine, a blend of hardware, machine learning, and system architecture that can handle a level of personalization we've never seen before. So, they call this beast Andromeda, and it's part of a 4engine system that drives everything inside meta ads. So, here's the breakdown. First, you have a lattice. This is pattern recognition on steroids. It finds connections between people and products and behaviors at scale. Second is GM. Think of this like a lightning fast delivery engine. It decides which ads can load, render, and appear in milliseconds. Third, Andromeda itself. This is the brain that chooses which ads are most relevant, interesting, and likely to perform. And fourth is sequence learning. That's the model that learns how people behave before and after seeing your ads. And it's constantly tracking patterns in user actions. So yeah, Andromeda isn't just your average algorithm. It's more like the infinity gauntlet of ad delivery. Now, imagine the scale of what Meta has to handle every single day. Okay, we're talking about billions of users, right? Millions of advertisers and billions of pieces of content every single day. And the system's job to decide which handful of ads each person will find most interesting every time they open the app. To do that, Meta built a system capable of processing an insane amount of data in real time. Right? Think of all those AI optimizations that Meta can make, right? If you stack all that up, it's a crazy amount of optimizations. And that's across every touch point, every impression, every creative. They're trying to get the best results for their advertisers and the best experience. So, that's what makes this new wave of personalization so powerful. But here's the real question for us advertisers. How do we actually help the algorithm work for us instead of against us? And that's the million-dollar question. So, let's talk about it. First, step one, you want to feed it better data. Meta sequence learning thrives on rich behavioral signals. Now, that essentially means that you need to send back as much real world action and data as possible. Every view, every click, every ad to cart, every purchase, all of it helps Meta understand who actually responds to your ads. And if you haven't already set up proper serverside tracking yet, now is the time more than ever. And if you haven't, honestly, what are you doing? The better your data feedback loop, the cheaper and more efficient your ads become, right? I think we all know that and that's the first part that that only gets better and better. Now, that's where investing in something like Hyros can improve that even further by sending back as much clean usable data as possible, especially over long complex funnels. Now, side note, if you've never heard of Hyros and want to learn more, I'll leave a link to them in my description. Now, step two is creative diversity. So Meta's Lattis engine looks at your entire creative library and it knows, right? If all of your ads look the same, that's the same model, the same shot, the same color palette, the same messaging, the system sees it as really duplicate content now. And when everything looks the same, you fade into the background. So you really want to crank up your creative diversity. This gives Meta the most diversification possible. And it kind of just makes sense, right? If you have one style of creative and that doesn't work for you, it's better to go completely left field and try a completely different type of creative cuz that might get way better results and different audiences respond to different creatives. And so you want one maybe more professional and one maybe more organic, user generated, doesn't look like an ad. And those are the types of things that Meta is able to optimize. That also includes maybe changing your on camera talent, switching up your ad concepts, trying different editing styles and visuals, and even small variations can help your ad stand out and what Meta calls its giant creative library. So, keep that in mind. Now, if you've got access to account insights, watch your creative fatigue and creative similarity scores. Meta is now telling you if your ads are flagging these things and if they're not well optimized because of the duplicates or creative fatigue. And step three, structure your account cleanly. There's no magic campaign type that really beats the system other than setting things up simply and giving Facebook as much control as possible. So whether you use CBO or doesn't matter as much as your overall strategy and understanding your customer personas. So Meta can really only optimize what it understands. So if your campaigns are messy, there's a lot of overlap, there's no real goal or distinction between campaigns or ad groups, then it's going to struggle to efficiently spend your budget, right? So it's like garbage in, garbage out. If you're not putting in good quality content and letting the algorithm do its thing, you're going to ultimately not get great results out of that. So, make it easy for the system to learn fast and allocate your budget efficiently by giving them as much control as possible and feeding it as much data in terms of creative and copy as possible. So, here's the mindset shift that matters the most. Winning on Meta in 2025, 2026, and beyond isn't about tricking the algorithm anymore. It's about partnering with it. Because Meta's goal is the same as yours, and it's always been that way. to show people ads that they actually care about, ads that feel relevant, ads that feel interesting, ads that feel personal. If you can help the system deliver that, you'll win every single time. So the next time someone screams, "The algorithm changed. Let everybody freak out, right? You can just sit back and smile with me because you'll know what's really going on." The algorithm is not what's killing your ads. Meta doesn't hate you all of a sudden by increasing your cost per click over $10. The algorithm, Meta, it's really just a machine that you need to feed. And it all comes back to fundamental advertising principles on how to make compelling ads that get the result that you want and that what the end user ultimately wants as well. Now, if you do that, you'll stay winning with me and the rest of the advertisers out there. Now, real quick, if you could do me a favor, if you enjoyed this video, give it a quick like and also subscribe if you want to learn more about advertising, what's coming up around meta ads as well as Google Ads and how to set up your campaigns and how to ultimately get better results. And if you stuck around till the end, let me know in the comments what you think of this new Andromeda update. Do you think it's cool? And do you think this AI investment is going to pay off and it's making your ad results better, or did you see your ad results get worse? Let me know what you think in the comments below. And until the next one, have a great rest of your day. Peace.

  Top Comments:
  1. @divyv20 [1 likes]: Hey Blake, really nice video! I can see that you and your content have lots of potential and you can really kill with it but there are few things i noticed if fixed can fastrack the growth immediately. Most creators focus only on fancy edits and good-looking thumbnails, but the real growth comes from the right content ideas, angle selection, scripting flow, and thumbnails that actually resonate with a larger pool of viewers. When all of that aligns, people click instantly and watch your videos fully which is what triggers fast channel growth. You can see many who get great results and growth within first few months or weeks of starting not because they were lucky but because of following the right strategies. If you want, I can share how we can apply this into your channel and videos?

- Meta Ads Andromeda Update 2025: Complete Guide for Healthcare Providers: Kind: captions Language: en If your ad costs have doubled, even tripled over the last few months, this video is going to show you exactly why that's happened and how to fix it. So, Meta has just rolled out their Andromeda update, and it's been an update that they've been working on for quite some time, and they've been very transparent about it, but it did catch a lot of people by surprise. So, in July of this year, they started rolling it out, and it's officially live on everybody's ad account. And with this new update, the old playbook is completely dead where you would just run one ad or maybe two ads and then let that winner ride for the rest of time. That playbook is dead in the water. And it's not to return. And so, my name is Jeff. All we do on this channel, if you're new here, is talk about how to take brickandmortar and teaalth clinics to $200,000 a month. and we share the lessons and best practices that we've learned and accumulated in working with businesses that have reached and exceeded those collections levels on a monthly basis. And so we don't make any income claims. I don't believe you're going to watch any one of these singular videos and get yourself to 200 grand a month. If you're already there and you're tuning in, great. Let's hopefully we can add another couple hundred grand a month on top of that. But if you're just getting started or maybe you're at even like a million dollars a year, making the jump is significant, okay? Okay, it's going to require a lot of lessons, a lot of character building, and I don't believe that you're going to make that jump with just one singular video. So, by no means do we make income claims around here. And so, what we're going to do today is break down Andromeda in its full and talk about what's working right now and then what ultimately you need to start doing in your own business to see a enhanced level of results when it comes to your advertising. And so, if you're a returning subscriber, we appreciate you coming back and this is going to be another banger for you. Let's first begin with the algorithmic changes that this update has created. So first and foremost, Andromeda's update started in December. Okay, they started talking about it in December and it would be officially rolled out by July. So again, they've been talking about it for some time. But here's what it means for you. Most of the targeting, if not 99% of the targeting that you're doing with your advertising is now coming specifically from the messaging within your ads. Because what's happening is that Andromeda is Meta's ad retrieval system. An ad retrieval system is basically like they have all these ads to choose from that advertisers run. And then when a user goes on their feed, Meta is going to retrieve one of those ads and bring it to the feed. And Meta claims that this is now 10,000 10,000 times stronger than it was ever before. And what that means in simple terms is that Meta can now process 10,000 times more ad creative. So for us advertiser, for those of you that are advertising in your practice, you must be aware that it's going to challenge you with the amount of creative volume that is going to be required. And we're going to elaborate on that later in the video. But here's what we're finding, which is good news. So the downside is that it requires more work. The upside is that we're actually finding that if you do the work properly, our clients are getting some of the best results they've seen on the platform in a very long period of time. So, this is an algorithmic change that you need to actually lean into. Otherwise, you might just take a beating if you lean away from it. And so, let's talk about what this looks like visually for you running ads. So, here's what it used to look like. It used to be that if you had a campaign up here and then you were running ad one and then ad two, just two simple ads. Okay? Then you may find that one of these would be a particular winner. So let's say ad one became a winner and then you would just scale up the winner. Okay? Now in contrast to what's going on right now is that you can no longer run just two creatives. you have to run a diverse set of creatives. So the campaign structure is notably notably more complex than it's ever been. So what's happening now is you might have a campaign and then now instead of running one ad even for a lower budget to be clear of you know maybe like four to $5,000 a month on ads you have to still be running you know upwards of two three four five six we have some clients even internally in our business that we might run as many as 15 different creatives all with diverse messaging different hooks different B-roll role. In fact, we used to back in the day, we used to be able to just record one hook and then or excuse me, record one body of the ad and then completely change up the hook. So, it was the same ad with different hooks on top of it. We're finding that's no longer a best practice and that you have to have actually different ads itself with a diverse set of reasons on why any sort of patient or client would ever consider taking on your service. And so the data from Meta supports that the advertisers that have adapted to that new style of that campaign kind of distribution and excuse me that campaign uh diversification, they're finding that they're actually getting 8% better results than they were before they adapted to that change. So here's some data from Meta talking about the advertisers that have made the change to the Andromeda sequencing. They have seen notably better results such as 8% improvement in ad quality which ultimately gives your ad account a better shot at reaching the right person. 9% lower cost per action. That means if your average lead cost was $100, you've dropped it down consistently to about $91 or so, just for easy math. And we're also seeing an 11% higher click-through rate, which means that we're actually getting lower CPMs. It's cheaper to serve the ad. and that if the ad is relevant by using a wide range of hooks, we're seeing more higher percent of people clicking through to the ad to then go to the next page. So all those combined, to be clear, end up creating a massive lower cost per result and typically we're even seeing a little bit higher caliber of person as long as the messaging is correct. And so the big takeaway for you right now and watching this is that your creative volume must increase dramatically. Okay, that's what we saw here. This is just creative volume. Okay, that doesn't mean we need to run different campaigns. In fact, even not a good best practice is to run all these campaigns with like three or four ads in them. We want to load up campaigns with different creatives. And so your mission is to think about what are the set of reasons that people enroll inside of your office or your teleaalth clinic, right? Why are people taking action? That requires you in this update right here to actually become a better marketer. You can't just like spray out and kind of shotgun everything anymore and hope that something hits and then when it does you scale it. If you don't have the right messaging right now and a high amount of ad volume, you are literally going to be vaporizing money. And to elaborate deeper on that, this diverse set of messages, this is now controlling the targeting. Okay, that's the biggest takeaway that you need to have from the Andromeda update is that creative now controls the targeting even for local businesses. Okay, so let me give you an example. Maybe you're getting lowquality leads. Well, you have to look to see who you're calling out. Are you just calling out everybody or are you calling out a subgroup of people that may have be probable to have more money to invest in your service? Because the platform of Meta is much smarter than you think it is. And if you actually believe it to be this incredibly smart AIdriven platform, which it is, then you can ultimately give it what it needs to go out and find a better lead that's much more qualified for your particular set of services. So with that, what are some action items that you can begin to take? Number one, you need highly scripted content. Okay, this can be nonselfish, nonbiased content that is totally focused on the ideal client profile and their inner thinking. Okay, great marketers are good at getting in the heads of their buyer. They don't self-promote. That's not marketing. They get in the head of their buyer and then they communicate to that buyer in a way that the buyer is already thinking which then magnetizes them towards them. Okay? So people only opt into things for selfish reasons. They don't opt in for your credentials. They don't opt in. They're selfishly want an outcome from you. Right? So we got to get into their head first. Next thing is every message needs to be diverse. Okay? So you can't run the same script 15 times wearing a different shirt. Okay? That's not going to work anymore. That used to work. Okay? You can say the same script over and over wearing different clothes in a different space and it would work all day. that has completely also vanished and that's not coming back either because the platform is just getting better and better about serving ads to the right individual which then ultimately makes the experience of the user on the platform even better because the ads are hyper relevant to them and their situation. So what does this mean for you if you're actually trying to reach significant revenues of upwards of $200,000 a month? It means that you need to take your creative much more seriously. Someone's like, "Oh, I don't like being on camera." Gonna get burned. You're going to get burned by the guy or gal down the road who dominates with their content. Okay? And I'm not talking about organic. Sure. I'm talking about ads at scale, okay? Because that is the main requirement. And if you want to get to 200 grand a month, you're probably going to be spending somewhere in the neighborhood of at least 20 to 40 grand a month on ads to be able to hit those numbers, okay? And when you're spending that, you're going to have to have probably about 15 to 60 different creatives on a monthly basis, depending on how saturated your market is and depending also on the size of your current warm audience. But here's the thing, most agencies cannot keep up with this. Okay? If you're watching this and you run like a maybe a clinic that's maybe sub $50,000 a month, okay? And you got an agency and they're like, "Yeah, they do all my work for $600 a month." It's like, "Yeah, dude." Like they're shortcutting your price. They're for sure shortcutting the service. So the agency just needs to also if you're partnered with somebody, they have to have the systems in place to help you with the creative. Yes, some of it can be you on camera, but what are they using as far as different actors? What are they using as far as different AI tools, right? So like most agencies are in fact going to get squeezed out during this period of time quite simply because they don't have the infrastructure to be able to execute on something like this, especially when the client wants to get to revenues again as high as $200,000 a month. You have to have massively substantial amount of creative. The higher the ad spend, the more the creative volume has to be. So, here's the reality if you're watching this. Number one, you can't hit 200 grand a month without with inconsistent patient flow. Okay? No business has ever grown to big numbers by having a weak marketing system. Okay? Secondly, it's impossible to have a great marketing system, especially in social media ads right now, without following the Andromeda best practices of creative volume, creative diversification, overcoming ad fatigue protocols, highly scripted ads. Okay? All of these are now the standard not to get a leap. Like if you want to have success at all online, you need to follow these best practices. And so the new reality sadly guys, and I don't mean to say this like very like intentional, but it's either you adapt or you get left behind. There is no more playing in the middle, okay? Which is actually makes it a lot more fun for me personally because I obviously take advertising very seriously and I'm willing to do whatever it takes to get there and lame with a lot of our clients. But for those of you that have played the passive approach, you're going to have to step more in the game to be able to take this to the next level. Now, as we wrap up, again, the biggest thing that you can do watching this is go and take action. Okay? Always and always insult for me if you watch this and you get all hyped, your heart rate gets going, but then you fail to take action. Okay? Ideas are Execution is the game. And if you want help strategizing to see if we can possibly help take your ads to the next level using some of these principles, I'll leave a link in the notes below for you to book a call with our team. Okay? I can't say that we'll be a home run to to help you right away, but we will be able to do as an assessment to see where your ads are at. What are your current strategies? What best practices are you following or maybe not following? So that ultimately you have clarity when it comes to your advertising strategy. Okay? So again, we want to get you up to 200 grand a month. That is the goal for every client that we work with. If you're doing less than maybe like $30,000 a month, we've got different options in terms of how we can support you along your journey to getting to those revenues. And if you're already at $100,000 or more, we can certainly come in and put a lot of gas on your business by following these best practices in terms of the Andromeda update. So, as always, I appreciate you being here. Make sure you hit the subscribe button. If you found this valuable, send it to somebody else who may find value in it. This is a very important update for all healthcare providers, whether you're brickandmortar or tellaalth. This has completely changed the game and if you don't adapt, you run the risk of your competitors really taking over when it comes to your particular service. So, appreciate you being here. I look forward to seeing you guys in the next one. Cheers.

- Stop Testing Ads. Meta Andromeda Changed Everything.: Kind: captions Language: en What's up guys? Welcome to another video. Today we're talking about creative diversification on a practical level. So as you know Metandromeda, the new Facebook ads algorithm is fully fully released and is affecting everybody. And the most important thing, long story short, is doing this creative diversification thing into your CBOS. So the wrong thing, the wrong action that I see a lot of people doing right now is taking just 30 ads, taking a bunch of ads and just moving them into a CBO and calling that creative diversification. But then basically what we're doing is just piling ads on a random way and it might work. I mean in this case for example it's working great. The RO is two. This account is asking for a minimum of 1.8. Okay, I'm just putting 30 ads together and the RO is okay. Cool. We can have the case, but that's not a strategy. That's not something that I can replicate and I'm going to have 30 ads available every single week. Not really. So, the right thing to do is that we create a synerggetic set of ad creatives in a CBO. So, we can have multiple CBOS. So, we can sit down, plan the week in terms of content of new ads and be like, okay, this is going to constitute a diversified CBO. Let's create it. And then for another product, let's create another one. But you're intentional and you know what you're doing, right? And I've been testing a lot of stuff with Andromeda, a lot. And I have access to the tests of my coaching clients and and what I do with with the accounts of my other clients. So, I've got access to a lot and it's going to be a great video. But I've done the AB tests from Meta directly, what they recommended me, the the account managers, the private ones we have. I've done uh things with three adsets, things with one adset, manual biddings, and yeah, let's just get straight into it. The very first thing is just understanding the concept of creative diversification which is creating sets of ads where each ad creative sends a different retrieval signal to the meta algorithm. That's it. This is like a little family of creatives where each one is different. That's it. What are we looking for? So in order to reach different users based on awareness, buying intent, preferred content format and many other factors. All right? So we have to take into account that we want to reach different people from different angles who have different level of awareness and different level of desire for our product and we want to adapt to all of them with multiple ads so that we win the auction every single time. That's it. Every single time there's an opportunity to show them an ad, we have an optional ad for that person. So back in the day what we would do let's put it very simple with interest targeting back in the day the way the algorithm used to work with machine learning 2018 all these things was with different interest targeting you would reach different people and that's it and if you wanted to reach a million people you would pick let's say five different interests that were pretty big each one and you would do five different ads each one with a different interest and you are targeting a different bucket of audience inside meta or Facebook as it was back in the day. Um, but right now the problem is and I'll show you an example where I had a problem. I had a problem. I I I [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] it up. I don't know where the example is, but we will see it. Um, the problem that I had is is was building a CBO with very similar ads. All of them images, same message, the frequency was four after only 30 days. That's a real problem. that that's something none of you should do. So I made the mistake. You don't do it. Okay. Um so right now we basically if we want to reach different audiences, the interest thing doesn't work. We need different ads. Now the benefit of this diversification thing is consistency. So this is a CBO with creative diversification that's been active for one year. You see it here, October 22nd, 2024 and over a year right now. It's got over a thousand purchases. The ROAS is good and it has around 20 20 or 22 ads inside. So, it's working very well and I know this campaign will come with me to Black Friday and I'm going to hypers scale it because I did it last year already and now this year I'm packed with a lot of purchases. So, this is hyperscaling. Um, now important concept that will be very helpful for you and I have not seen this in any other YouTube video. So the point of horizontal versus ver vertical diversification and we actually need both. But you can go more into one or more into another. It just depends on your personal case. Now horizontal is basically having variety having uh different avatars. So you target busy moms and you target stressed entrepreneurs, stuff like this. You have different uh concepts, different formats. Uh Tik Tok made me buy it. You use these trends. You use videos. You use images. You use carousels. all of these diversity of different things. That would be horizontal. And then we've got vertical, which is how deep do you go? That would be organizing the CBO based on top of the funnel ads, middle of the funnel and bottom of the funnel. Or you can also call it prospecting, retargeting, or you can also call it problem aware, solution aware, product aware, non-aware, super aware, whatever. It's basically making different ads inside the same CVO. You'll see it now in the example where some of them are targeting people who don't know you. They don't know what you sell. Some of them are targeting people who are very aware of the problem that they have, but they don't know your pro your product is a solution. Or maybe they know your your type of product is a solution, but they are considering multiple solutions. All of these things that if you read copywriting books, which you should, you will understand and it's going to help you organize the CBOS. Now this is the problem. So this is a CBO and the routine this one. So the first one back to routine. This was a CBO that we basically did. They sent me the client sent me a bunch of ads uh for this back to routine thing in September October and at the beginning it was great but in just a few days it it started picking a super high frequency and I was not reaching new people. Now, if you compare it with the other two Andromeda CBOS, okay, where I had, you know, product diversity with a bunch of different ads and here I picked 20 ads that were completely different videos, images, founder video, Tik Tok thing, a bunch of things. I want you to look at the frequency. First of all, this is four. This is a problem. And this is 1.3. Now, look at the reach in the remember the first one is the mistake. Okay? So in the mistake Civio I reached 32,000 unique people and in this one I reached 30,000. So we can say it's pretty much the same reach. But then can you see that as I'm as I keep on scaling this one I'm scaling the budget because it has more impressions. So it means that it spend more money. As I'm scaling the budget I'm not reaching new users. I'm reaching the same users that resonate with those images with the back to routine message with something very niche over and over and over and over again. What happens then that my unique outbound CTR is still okay but then the CTR I itself it's very low. That means that when people receive the ad for the first time, they might click at a 1% CTR, but as they continue seeing the ad over and over and over again, those are more impressions, but they don't click any more times. They already clicked once or they decided not to click and the more they see the ad, they will not click. That's the the reason why that that thing is different. Long story short, we have to completely avoid this uh frequency problem. Okay, you don't want this. It doesn't scale. It doesn't work. The ROS is bad. I mean, you see it here. This is Can you see the name of the campaign back to routine? Okay, so you put it in the filter in the report and then you go by day. It doesn't give me the accumulated frequency, but you can basically see that on a daily daily level, it's two. That's bad. So only the days when let's say this was the only okay day 2.22 22 rows. Okay. Frequency 1.8 1.9 but two two two two that's a problem. That's really a problem. So yeah that's you want to avoid that. And that comes from having the same exact format repeated in 10 ads. All of them images all of them with the same message. All of them targeting the same avatar and everything talking about back to routine. So that's a problem nowadays. Now um al I put the intro here. If you don't know me, welcome to the channel. My name is Manuel Gomez. [laughter] I'm a international speaker Facebook ads for eight years. Uh over 30 million in ad spend profitably managed for my clients. Uh I have a module in AdWorld with a bunch of huge guys and uh yeah this is this year so far more or less roas 4 on 3.1 million in ad spend and that's it. Now I want to give you a big butt. This is you have to be aware of this. No confusion. So all of the above everything that I was talking about be since now is talking about delivery of ads. So how the ads are chosen by the machine, how they are distributed among millions of users etc. Now that's very cool and that's very important but Andromeda is just a delivery mechanism like once you know what has changed which is signal quality has to be high creative diversification you need multiple ads once you know the rules and if you don't know watch my other videos about Andromeda I've got two more videos about that [clears throat] sorry once you know what else there is there to do like you will restructure things, but there's nothing else to do rather than increasing your knowledge about copyrightiting and designing super good ads. This weekend, I I attended an event, a PPC event with some really, really high level media buyers. I was a speaker as well. Very cool event. And we all got to the same conclusions having a little bit of wine, a little bit some beers. And it was like, okay, once you know the fundamentals of by the way, we're missing this book here. my favorite book should be there as an image. Just imagine it. Um once you know the basics, focus on copyrightiting and and creatives. Okay, that's it. So, um I I'll give you a framework to make you think. If I ask you, well, we're going to assume that people don't see one ad and they immediately buy. We're going to assume that, especially when you're scaling and you're reaching 200,000 people a day. Now you would think about a sequence. What three ads do people need to see before buying? Now as an example that could be for example starting with a before and after image so they see the transformation. At that point they are excited emotionally. They have desire you touch on that. But with a testimonial video right after and a tutorial, you will increase the confidence they have on that result, the belief that it's going to work because it works for somebody that's similar to them and a tutorial of how to use the product, like a product demo. So that gives them a high likelihood, a perception of a high likelihood of succeeding if they buy, which is trust. And then finally a product image with a reason to buy like some more authority um a discount shipping more client review stuff like this. So of course we cannot know we cannot guess but it makes sense to me that if people see these three ads they end up buying. Okay? Because it it feels like it's complete. So it makes sense. Now let's see the example with a cosmetics brand that I like a lot. It's Gleam. So imagine that we had to sell this one product and we have to do creative diversification. What can we do? How should we do it? Remember that I said before vertical creative diversification, horizontal creative diversification. How do we do it? For this case, we're going to do a CBO. For me, just one adset. Now we're going to have, for example, three top of the funnel ads. Now the first one is going to be a UGC video just one minute shot with an iPhone low quality at home everything is a little bit messy and then that's going to be like storytelling explaining the pain that you used to have and then telling why this this product was a solution to the problem that you were having. So this is yeah it should be relatable. It should open the funnel. It's a storytelling ad and that's it. You can put depending on the target. You can put put the typical POV storytelling when I got bullied. That's good. It's a good hook. Whatever depends on the target. Now, number two, phone or video with a camera with a microphone. Professional. Nice. And it can be 2 minutes, 3 minutes, whatever. And then an article ad with an image. And this is an example. So, this would be a good ad. I love it for prospecting. Two million people switch to this mask. Here's why. So, we're not assuming that they know what we sell. Is this is not retargeting. This is not super aware. This is not a fan. This is you going to the open market and being like, there's this mask and I will explain to you why two million people use it. It's very indirect. It's very soft. It's it's super nice for prospecting. So this this would be market opener openers type of ads. Okay. And we let's say in the civio we want to put three of them. Then we want to put one to three midfunnel ads. So this is you know already we assume they know the product a little bit. We don't need to overexlain it over justify it. Um but also we're not telling them buy now 20%. It's there in the middle you know. So this could be a before and after image. This could be a client review, product features, benefits, objection videos. So here we basically this is [clears throat] discovery discovery. This is increase trust and belief that it works. And the the examples would be this. For example, cleared my son's acne in three days. Client review before and after product. Very good composition. One mask, six benefits. So, six benefits. Reviews 95% recommend. Love it in 30 days or it's free. Um, here this would be like let's say an objection. So, Tik Tok comment it doesn't work. People accused us that this doesn't work. They throw it in the bin in the trash and they explain something. This is such a scam. So it makes sense to see these types of ads after coming from a market opener type of ad. And we're thinking in sequence, but don't be confused. Some people, some users, but you cannot control this. Some users will see one of these ad and afterwards the machine meta will show them one of these ads. But there are other users in the market that Meta considers that they don't need to see these ads right here. They don't need this level of awareness, this this overexlaining. They don't need it. And what Facebook's going to do is show them directly one of these ads because they've been looking for a similar product or they are very active when it comes to skincare stuff, whatever. that with just one of these ads, it's very likely that they get a result. You get a result, they they buy or they click. Um, and then I would also in the CBO include one to three bottom of funnel ads, which there it can be an offer, it can be back in stock, sold out three eggs in a row, shipping, more client reviews, more before and afters, etc., which is stuff like this. Okay? If you see the first ad, it doesn't make any sense for prospecting because you would see the ad and you're like, "What is this thing? What is this?" Like, she puts something in the face. Looks horrible. Does it burn? Is it painful? What is this for? So, you don't understand anything. This thing, 10 bottles for 72. I mean, what are these bottles? It looks like perfume. Is it good perfume? Is it dupes? Is it like are you imitating some big brands or is it your own sense? I have no idea. I'm not gonna click. I don't understand anything. Um, and same thing here like Dr. Squatch offering the offer. Uh, free gift 51% off bum. But if you know their ads, usually they they go with the dating being more attractive. Girls will love you when you use this type of product. You need to be hooked into Dr. Squatch through this women will love the your smell. You need to be hooked into that and after that receive this. So the conclusion of the video is if in 2026 you want to be successful with met ads you need three things. The first one, and it will serve you for the rest of your life, is being good at copyrightiting, which means selling products online through capturing existing desires and basically blending those into your product as the vehicle to achieve those um desire states faster or better or whatever. Learn that. Second, understand Met Andromeda and basically adapt to it as fast as possible. Make the necessary tests into your ad account to see how does this diversification behave. How is the budget distributed among ads? Do you need a CBO with 10 ads or with five is enough? Whatever the case might be, make the necessary tests and adapt as fast as possible. And point number three is basically you if you seen my videos, you know that I love intraday scaling. You know that I love following patterns and scaling when the demand is very positive or is going to be very positive before payday for example the salary before big big events like Black Friday is coming and I'm going to do the biggest intraday scaling ever. And also I like to look at market patterns. I like to in the Black Friday mastermind we had a whole blog just talking about macroeconomics and how to predict how Black Friday is going to be. And I'm a freak on that because I I find it super interesting to try to anticipate the behavior of the market and how demand is going to be based on other economic indicators. I mean, if you have these three things, you got it. Now, for each one of you, you will have a different case. And some of you will comment in this video and you will say, uh, but I'm selling dog food. How should I structure the cio? My advice to be honest, I mean, there are two ways, okay? Um the first one is and this is for everybody develop criteria. So read the books, don't be lazy or at least use Tajib and you [clears throat] don't need to like there's no secret to Andromeda. You only need to know how to sell a product and you only need to know the required sequence to sell that product and then put that into a CBO where there is diversification. Okay, that's it. But it takes effort and time and you you need to develop criteria. Now, the thing that I put out in the market to make things easier for people and I mean we're already 80 people into this is this. Okay, I'm putting my whole effort into developing the Google Docs, the coaching, putting people together in in these communities to help them implement and troubleshoot and they launch things. It doesn't work. We review it together. what structure should I follow? I take it for them. This exists and you can pay for coaching but I I recommend you to develop criteria and after that join any group that you want big together with people and scale. This is this is what what what I was giving to them. Uh for example, Andromeda algorithm during Black Friday 25 [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] pages sharing the whole algorithm thing. how to face Black Friday with this creative diversification matrix, CPM, my tests, what's working, what's not working and then I share everything with them with with everybody in the metascaling accelerator group like first Andromeda results this is what my hypothesis these are the results great rowas da da dam Gabriel shares has anybody already experienced andromeda da da da update whatever he's testing and thenromeda update and I give them stuff like this I made I think it's 21 in total that we have 21 ad creative libraries different creative libraries in Atria based on format stage of the funnel and different concept and the same for video top of the funnel videos these five one ad library for each more than this I can do so I share with them in real time what's working for me, what I'm testing. We review it together. They make their own tests. I give them examples. For example, this Andromeda structures, five direct examples by industry. We review it in the group. We review it in the coaching calls and they've got access to all of this. So this exists but again develop criteria become good at copyrightiting understand the Andromeda algorithm and then work like a day trader to scale the ad accounts. That's the end of the video. If you need any coaching everything is in the description. If you love the video subscribe to the channel. It's going very very well. I'm super happy. And um that's everything. See you on the next one. Wish you a super successful week. Bye-bye. Toe.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Alejandrobeacom [2 likes]: Does this means that exclusive retargting campaigns are not actually usefull? 
Do we need now to do retargeting in CBOs mixing with test and scaling?
  2. @geoffreyh7223 [2 likes]: This guy never miss 🫅 
Always a banger video.
Looking forward more 🙏
  3. @kitchyart-q6b [2 likes]: Valuable video as always, but I'm struggling with how to implement this as a dropshipper doing fast fashion products. Every time we have a new product to test, can you advise me on which structure is best for us? Do we have to do one product per CBO, or just put all products in one CBO (as creative diversification)? Thank you.
  4. @jlndspx [1 likes]: Very clear, thanks !
  5. @Aniksaha-i2q [1 likes]: Hello Menal, I need your Andromeda file. How I got this??
  6. @blokeinthearches [1 likes]: Manel: in a previous video you recommended using identical image ads with different headlines in order to establish the best angle to test. Then you would diversify, using the winning headline with different formats of ads. Do you think we can still do this in Andromeda to find the winning angle?
  7. @АринаКибитлевская [1 likes]: Hi! thank you for the video. if tof, mof, bof are spread among several campaigns, not one as you suggest, can they still make the majic of creative diversification?
  8. @Strikerecom [1 likes]: should i only run mid-top of funnel ads to listicles?
and do bof straight to pdp

cause you said how meta already sort of knows the customers awareness of a product so theyll show the ad that is suitable to them
  9. @berachel1103 [1 likes]: Manel, you put catalogs into the same campaign and adset? Thanks for the video
  10. @glowtail-f2h [1 likes]: gold
  11. @zakariazaki3357 [1 likes]: Mr. Gomez how we can get the copywriting book that you talked about?
  12. @tuckertheremedy [1 likes]: Would you recommend mixing Catalog ads into the same campaign as manaully created ads or to separate them?
  13. @saulcanina8164 [1 likes]: Huge value as always 😍🙌🏻
I have one question , how do you manage creative diversification in BFCM? You apply the same principles so different levels of awareness to reach different type of buyers also during the BFCM or November in general?

Super curious 🙌🏻
  14. @sandraortiz8000 [1 likes]: Excelente contenido Mil gracias
  15. @shazafzafar768 [1 likes]: Great knowledge and unique insights, thanks for all the examples.
  16. @CazandoViajes: Para testear anuncios sigue teniendo sentido utilizar estructuras ABO con uno o dos anuncios por ad set? O crees que el testeo debe plantearse ya con CBOs
  17. @alejandroterciado: Having multiple full-funnel CBO campaigns with creative diversification for each sales angle could that lead to audience overlap and competition between them?
In other words, do I need a separate CBO for each winning sales angle, and within that CBO,  full-funnel creative diversification for that specific angle?
  18. @larastore6760: But how do you now test if you want to try for example a benefit or Us vs them ad if you always now when you test do in one ad set with all stages of awareness/one stage of awareness?
  19. @Alejandrobeacom: Does this testing method, which you explain in the video, work for all accounts regardless of advertising spend?
  20. @LeandroEzequielMaidana: Hola Manel!
Antes que nada, muchísimas gracias por todo el valor que compartís — me vi todos tus videos y realmente cambiaron mis resultados 🙌🏻

Tengo 2 preguntas:

Según todo lo que vi en tus videos, llegué a la conclusión de que lo más eficiente sería trabajar una CBO por oferta/producto, y dentro de esa CBO:

Opción A → 3 adsets (TOFU, MOFU, BOFU), manteniendo todos los sub-avatares y formatos dentro de cada etapa del funnel.
Opción B → 1 solo adset, con todas las etapas del funnel (TOFU-MOFU-BOFU) y toda la diversidad de formatos y avatares mezclados.

Entiendo que aca deberia ver cual me funciona mejor, pero es correcto esto? Tengo una tienda de ropa de mujer en Argentina

y la 2da pregunta

¿Cuanto me sale entrar a tu coaching de Meta? Vi que la llamada esta 1000 USD, pero me encantaria saber el valor del coaching para ser parte del grupo


¡Gracias de nuevo por tu tiempo y por todo el contenido brutal que compartís! 🙏🏻

- Meta Ads Results Dropped? Andromeda Update Explained + the simple fix to rebuild: Kind: captions Language: en In this video, I'm going to explain in simple English why your Facebook ads performance may have dipped in the last few months and exactly what you will need to do to fix it. Because Meta did have a huge algorithm update which fundamentally changes the way ads are delivered. And this was called the Andromeda update and you need to understand this to be successful as we head into 2026. So give me a few minutes and I'll save you months of pain and guesswork. I'll explain [music] what the Andromeda update changed, how you need to change your campaign building, how to manage and optimize your ads post launch because [music] this changes a lot. So stick around for that. Links to each chapter are in the description so you can jump around. Let's get into it. So Andromeda explained. First, let's look at what changed and why. So several years ago, Meta's targeting was absolutely unmatched. and we could target, for example, a librarian living in London, aged between 30 and 35 years old. No problem at all. Then Facebook gets spanked with fines worth hundreds of millions of pounds for harvesting too much data on people in order to target them with their ads. So, it introduced its advantage plus targeting whereby it used AI to get the right ads in front of the right people at the right time. Now, what this new system did is work to identify the two to three best ads within a campaign or ad set, and it went allin on those, which meant that broader ads generally worked best. And if you launched 10 ads, the algorithm would likely kill eight of them pretty quickly and go all in on the remaining two. Now, you as the advertiser didn't need to actually do anything and turn the other ads off. The algorithm did it by itself. So, what was the problem and why did Meta change its algorithm? So basically Meta has loads of creatives but wasn't powerful enough to consider all of them. So it identified a few early winners and went allin. Now however ad spend will be spread far more evenly across different ads as it tries to match different copy and creatives with particular people and audiences. And this is why your strategy will need to change. And I'll explain how to do that in a moment. So, think of Meta Ads as like going to a library and the librarian has to match a book, an ad to the right customer. But she's got millions of books to choose from and can't possibly consider them all. So, she just goes to a handful of best sellers and uses them because most people are going to like them. Now, the Andromeda update is like replacing that librarian with a supercomput that can consider all of the millions of books much better and hopefully match the perfect book to the perfect customer. So, how does this change how you build your ads? So, you still need great data integrations to make your targeting work and you still need your pixel conversion API, CRM integrations, lists uploading, etc. However, a greater targeting emphasis is now placed on your ads themselves. Meta will take a large lead from your copy and your creatives when determining who to show your ads to. So, much like with SEO, think keywords and use your copy to make it really clear who your target product or services for. Now, your ads will need good creative variety targeting different audience personas. For example, if you were running lead generation ads for a business coaching service, previously you would have written various copy variations and created various images and videos that spoke to core target customers pain points and the outcomes that they desire. However, after the Andromeda update, best practice now is to write for several different audience personas. One persona could be business owners that are looking to scale. Another could be business owner who is super busy and overworked and you talk about this particular painoint and your ability to help them with their business systemization. A third persona could be business owners that are looking to sell their business and about how your service can help them build and negotiate that sale. The Andromeda update should allow all personas to be targeted within one adset and one campaign. Now about 5 years ago to do this we would have had a really granular interest and demographic based targeting and you would have had about three different adsets with unique ads within each to target these three audience personas. But today best practice to have one campaign, one adet with about 20 different ads targeting all different personas within that ad set. So this video is sponsored by GoHigh Level. If you don't already have a CRM hooked into Meta, you're leaving money on the table. Go High Level pulls leads straight into pipelines, triggers instant emails and texts, and makes follow-up automatic. We use it because it's allin-one, like HubSpot, but way cheaper. Use the link below for an extended trial. So, let's talk about how you optimize your ads campaign, and now the Adrometer update has landed because it is different. So, if you've been running your ads correctly, previously, you would have allowed the AI to identify the best performing ads and allocate your budget for you. However, today post Andromeda, the AI won't automatically kill ads like it used to. So, we're back to doing this manually. If you're monitoring your various ads and you see certain ads has a particularly high cost per result, you need to consider turning those ads off and forcing your ad budget into better performing creatives. Now, we're often running campaigns right now where we start with, say, 20 ads and a month later we've turned 14 off, leaving six high performers remaining. Now, a final important point, really important point. Metan rolls out these updates universally and immediately, meaning you may not have the Andromeda update on your account just yet. Now, eventually it will be rolled out to absolutely everybody, but my agency is working with about 100 different Meta Ads clients, and we're seeing that about 50% of them are on the Andromeda update, but the rest are on the legacy targeting system. This is exactly what they did when they rolled out Advantage Plus. So, that's all for now. Drop questions in the comment if you have one and we'll see you next time.

  Top Comments:
  1. @TheOneAndOnlyNiamh [2 likes]: Hey Jamie, thank you for the update! Have been seeing rumbles of this on LinkedIn but not in ads yet. Question, do you think this is actually going to work? Or is segmentation still better?
  2. @jbp7343 [1 likes]: hey jamie, great content as always. I was wondering how many ads/angles you would use for a new campaign at a 50 daily budget. and more importantly, would you change the killrules with the new andromeda update? (if yes, what rules would you use?)
  3. @MariaGomez-lg2ug [1 likes]: With Andromeda, everyone talks about consolidating ads into a single ad set, but how do I know if my ads are working at the top or bottom of the sales funnel? NOBODY talks about that.

And most importantly — what happens with retargeting and lookalike audiences, which people don’t even mention anymore?

Does it still make sense to separate prospecting from retargeting, or should we just let Meta handle the entire funnel according to its Andromeda system?
  4. @withinressie [1 likes]: Good video thank you for explaining so well 🔥🔥
  5. @divyv20 [1 likes]: Hey  Jamie , really nice video! I was wondering if I could help you with high Quality Editing and thumbnails which will bring you very good results. Lmk if you are open to it man?
  6. @nasrodineelghalbzouri4849: I sell furniture online and would love your advice on campaign structure:
	1.	Should I run separate campaigns for each product category (e.g., mirrors, buffets, side tables), or is it better to group all categories into one broader campaign?
	2.	For creatives, is it recommended to keep Dynamic Catalog Carousels in the same campaign as my manual single images and single videos, or should they be separated?
  7. @darnassius92: Thanks for the info! How do I understand if I already have the Andromeda update?

- META ANDROMEDA Summarized: What Works And What Doesn't: Kind: captions Language: en Hello. Hello. How's it going everyone? So, this is going to be a Meta Andromeda info dump on what is better, this or this. This is all based on our case studies and evidence that we have on our other channel called Croat Growth. Um, where we actually go into accounts and it's more advanced. We give you guys more specifics on exactly what we're doing, the before and after. So, all of this has been tested through that. Now, I want to bring out a caveat and say that this is majority of the time, which I would say 99% of the time. I'll make it pretty obvious though if there's something that kind of fits in the middle more so, but these are the comparisons on what we do and what you shouldn't do when it comes to Meta Andromeda. So, we'll jump right into it, not waste any more time. So, the first one, broad audiences versus interest and lookike audiences. Um, if you know anything about Andromeda and you've been doing your research, you probably know the answer to this. And the answer is broad audiences. Um, so broad audiences are already on by default. And even if you go through the process of um, you know, trying to get the manual audiences in there, it still defaults to going beyond what it says it's going after. So interest and lookike audiences are the old way and that no longer works as well from what we have experienced. Um, the other one, so this is another uh, really good one and this one will actually kind of answer the next one too. So, one ad set per campaign or multiple adsets per campaign. So, ever since the Andromeda update, there is a feature called or it's a dduplication feature. And what that means is that if someone sees an ad from one adset and then another ad set, Meta is going to ddup it and say, "Okay, I'm giving credit to adset one or adset two." And so, what this does is it breaks apart the algorithm and doesn't necessarily allow you to get a clean idea as to exactly what's going on. So the answer is one adset per campaign. Um we actually like to have um only one adset per campaign even in the feeder strategy just because we want to make sure that we're not sort of training the algorithm to kind of find a pocket and sort of build its own audience up without being able to see how it impacts the entire funnel. Um having multiple adsets causes for a lot of issues when it comes to the dduplication process inside of uh Andromeda. So the next one which should be pretty easy is CBO versus So, you can run However, like I was saying earlier, it opens you up to a lot more issues that can occur um for something like splitting audiences and trying to have the same creative and not really have a strategy behind it. But I like to always have CBO. Um I don't really run because I want to make sure that I have one ad set per campaign because we don't want to run into dduping issues. You can run a, you know, in the theater strategy, you could run a um campaign, but I'm not a big fan of it just because I want to safeguard myself from the potential dduping issues that could occur from one campaign. Um, doesn't happen too often and it's one of those things to where if you are properly building the structure out, it's going to function the exact same as CBO. I just want to make things a lot easier. So, I like to run CBO over for that reason. Okay, so the other one is edge tag or no edge tag, 7-day click, meaning you set the attribution to 7-day click and you do not have edge tagging. So this is what majority of people are on versus no edge tag, do you run 7-day click, one day view, one day engage view. Um, so if you do not have edge tag, I always like to run 7-day click. Um, and I do not want to run 7-day view. However, if I have filtered data or if I have um edge tagging, then I will run the 7-day uh 1-day view, one day engage view. So, yeah. Okay, next one. Um, no edge tag feeder strategy or edge tag feeder strategy. This one should be real easy if you're in the school group. Um, so if I were to pick, I would say that edge tag feeder strategy is needed, meaning that you have to have edge tagging for it to even work in the first place because you segment it out by different attribution levels for the purpose of pretty much trying to starve out the one that's feeding the other campaign. So edge tag feeder strategy always, if you do not have edge tag feeder strategy, we never run that. We never suggest running that. We try to stay away from it as much as possible. Um, okay. So, this is another one that's also I would say this one's probably a little bit in the gray area, but I'm going to give you guys what we like to do for the most part. So, we like to go for max volume majority of the time. So, our goal is to try to not allow or not restrict the algorithm to make sure that we are prospecting as cleanly as possible and we get the clean amount of data or the cleanest amount of prospecting possible to get the cleanest data possible on users um and not limit the algorithm. However, I will say that cost caps can work. Um, it's sort of like an audience pool and you're just scooping a smaller portion of the pool up. Um, it's a little bit different. Um, I don't want to go too much in Google and kind of rabbit hole, but on Google, we also like to go after max volume. We never really like to run troz unless it's super super low. Um, the reason for that is because the audience inside Google is a lot smaller, whereas on meta the audience is a lot bigger. Cost caps is not as restrictive as TRO bidding or TCPA bidding. However, um there is also the factor that Meta is just a larger platform when it comes to the outbound potential to where cost caps can work, but we do not typically run them. I'll put this one kind of in the middle um and just leave that just to kind of give you guys the perspective that we still will try this. We'll still potentially run it sometimes, but it's maybe like 5 to 10% of the time. Um okay, cool. So, the next one, micro conversions versus no micro conversions, all bottom funnel conversions. So this one is um a very difficult one. Um however I will say that we always try to go after the no micro conversions and go for all bottomunnel conversions. So the reason for this is because we want to train the algorithm on a qualified audience versus an unqualified audience. Now if we max out the bottom ofunnel conversions in terms of we just are restricted on creative, we don't really have that much um you know growth that we're seeing from the already existing creative. we need to get more volume, maybe there's a longer sales cycle, we might then add in like micro conversions or further up the funnel conversions from like lead magnets, things like that to kind of generate more steam for the creative so the algorithm can kind of test based off of interest, but not really a huge thing that we like to do. Um, we try to stay away from it at the very beginning at least just to make sure that we're feeding the algorithm the right information. So, this one's also kind of in the yellow um when it comes to this. And in fact, I'll make a a yellow tab right now where it's kind of in the middle where it's like we don't really want to do it, but we have done it before to kind of work in certain scenarios. Okay. So, the last one, creative volume versus creative diversity. So, a lot of times people talk about volume being the number one thing, right? We need more volume. We need more volume. That's the goal. And the reality is volume does not necessarily mean that you're getting to different audiences. I actually go for creative diversity over volume. So, whenever I am talking to clients, I like to tell them, hey, if we're saying the same message 10 times, it's not going to do anything. So, you can have a ton of volume and slight tweaks and all these little different angles to get more volume out there, but if you don't have the diversity in the creative, then you're in a scenario where you're not really testing new audiences, you're not testing different angles, you're just cycling through the same people again and again and again, and it's going to get very exhausting for those people, and they're going to get tired of your brand. So, I would say that they tend to work hand inand, but if I had to pick one, creative diversity over creative volume. So, hopefully this gives you guys a super quick rundown of what we do and sort of the mindset that we have when it comes to this. Um, let us know in the comments you have any questions, too. I'm happy to answer them. Or if you're in the school group, uh, shoot me a message. I'm in there all the time if you're watching these videos. So, um, thanks again, guys, for going through this. And if you have anything else that you have questions on, like I was saying earlier, like another verses that maybe I didn't cover, um, or if you want me to go more in depth on one of these, comment below and I can shoot another video on that as well, too. So anyways, thanks again guys and I will see you in the next

- andromeda ruined your meta ads performance - here's what to do to fix it: Kind: captions Language: en What's up, guys? Good to see you again. It's been a minute, but I'm back. And in today's video, what I want to do is talk to you about the new Andromeda update. If you're watching this and you're running Facebook ads, I'm sure you've had a bit of a bumpy sort of last couple of months. Uh, especially since August, September, I've noticed that a lot of brands are really struggling. And to be honest, us too. So, a lot of our stores were experiencing a lot of bumpiness. Um, we were actually losing money some weeks. But we looked into the Andromeda update and in today's video I'm basically going to simplify it for you because there is a lot of information out there. And as you may know, Meta does these updates every few years and it reres havoc in the media buying space and in the Facebook ad space. But if you're on the right side of the update, you can grow your sales dramatically and outperform the others who are still running ads like we did in 2018. Now, this is going to be a very short video. I'm not going to screen share or do anything like that. I'm going to briefly explain what Andromeda is and what you need to do. And if you want me to go deep into this topic, drop me a comment below and I'll make more videos on it. But in a nutshell, guys, all Andromeda means is that it wants us as marketers and and brand owners and media buyers to prioritize more diverse creatives. Okay. So in a nutshell, what it means is that the old way of testing ads and running ads is dead. You know, when you used to have a CBO campaign or an campaign, you'd launch an ad set, say, with a concept, and you'd put three ads into it, and those three ads would be iterations of the same ad. Dead. Dead in the water. Doesn't work anymore. What Meta wants is for us to create three new ad concepts. Okay? So, if you're sitting there and making five, 10 of the same ads, you've got an image with 10 different hooks and you're throwing them into an ad set and you think that it's going to magically increase your performance. I'm sorry, guys, but you're wrong. What you need to do is have 10 different ads in an adset, but make sure that they're all different. They're talking to a different avatar. Or they can be talking to the same avatar. That doesn't really matter, but the ads need to look and feel different. Meta really wants diversity. Okay. So, the most simplified way that you can test now is to understand the persona of the customer that you're going after. Understand the angles that you're going after and produce UGC static review style ads, um, carousel ads, you know, customer testimonial, all of these different things and then put them all into one ad set. And what that's going to do is you're going to be able to create a funnel within that ad set. Okay. Now, how are we testing and are we still running bid caps? Yes, we are. We're still running bid caps, but we're testing a lot of our new creatives now in just an ASC campaign. Okay, so we're basically creating an ASC campaign. There's one ad set. Sometimes we're maxing it out with 50 different ads. And the funny part is is that back in the day, obviously, you used to have to segment out your, you know, products by by adset or the type of person you're going after by adset. Now, with the new update, all we're doing is we're throwing all of our creatives into the one adset. Okay? So, whether it be, you know, ads that are going after 40-year-old women or 25y old women or if say you're in beauty, maybe it's for for wrinkles refinement or it could be for acne. It doesn't matter. The point is we're putting them all into the same adset. Okay? So, Meta really wants us to consolidate, guys. You don't need to over complicate things. And honestly, I think that if you are struggling in terms of performance, and I say this from a place of it was us as well, and we had to really take a look at our our creatives and our ad account and see how we could improve, it most likely means that your ads are not diverse enough and you haven't done enough research into the the customer that you're targeting. Okay? Now, I'm going to try and simplify it in in a way like this. So, imagine a big circle of people. Okay? This is your entire customer group. within that circle are micro segments of people. Okay. Now, what will happen is if you have very similar creatives within your ad account, what's going to happen is Meta is going to serve it to one of those micro segments of people and keep serving it to those people. Okay? And that's why diversity is important because what will happen now that when you have diversity is you're going to be able to unlock those micro segments instead of just hammering the same segment. So, what you can do now is check your frequency in your ad account. If your frequency's gone up over the last couple of months, it's likely that your ads are serving to the same people and that's why your new customer acquisition is going up. Okay? And just another point guys, a lot of you and what I've noticed um a lot of you are actually looking at your meta attribution. Now, this is completely wrong, okay? because meta over attributes often and a lot of your conversions are probably coming from view through. So what you really want to do is use a platform like triple or any sort of platform where you can use UTM data and the number one metric you need to be looking at is your new customer rows. Okay, so for some brands new customer rise can be lower because quite simply you can afford to acquire customers at break even. For other brands you need to be profitable on your new customer orders. Okay. So, but if you're not looking at that data separately and segmenting it separately and just looking at meta and trusting meta, you're basically running blind. Okay. So, as a few sort of action steps, what can you do? You're watching this video. You're struggling. You're stressed. Sales are down. Now, guys, obviously there is that pre- Black Friday slump. But the way that I look at these kind of things is I don't give a crap about that. I'm going to control what I can control. And most of the time, and as I've been saying a lot on this channel, it's about creative diversity and it's about creative. Stop worrying about account structure and all that garbage. It's it's not as important as you think. What is important is your creatives. Okay? Diverse your creatives. Add more image, add more video, add more UGC, add more, you know, native sort of ads that are dropping people on advertorials, whatever. Just mix it up. Okay? Give Meta what it wants. It's using AI functionality now to read content and match it with an audience segment. Remember those micro segments I spoke about. So have that in your mind. Look at the metrics that I spoke about. And again guys, if you need help with your ads or you want any consulting or any advice, there's a calendar link in my bio. Happy to help. I've got some slots open going into Q4. So God bless you all. I know it's been a minute since I've I've posted a video, but I took some time off to spend it with my family and switch off. But I'm back. I'm going to be trying to drop I'm going to try to drop, sorry, more content for you more frequently. And as you all know, this video isn't even edited. I just wanted to get it out for you guys because I know that it's stressing a lot of you out. Okay, so God bless you all. I'll see you in the next video.

  Top Comments:
  1. @peterledniczky [7 likes]: yes please make more vides on this, this update is the worst we had ever since 2017 IMO.
  2. @Wired1200 [3 likes]: Could you break down the campaign structure in this example?
  3. @entertech7293 [3 likes]: Hey manny i'm doing 1 product store from 2024 dec (only static ads) i do 1 cbo. profitable till august. but from september i started facing loss. i launched more ads than ever but still nothings seems to hit. i dono what to do at this stage, create a new campaign or something else.
  4. @sebastianc09 [2 likes]: how would you approach a fashion brand? what type of ads do we need if there are no angles?
  5. @FrontlinePOV [1 likes]: If I launch a test with 20 ads, 2 angles 10 ads each. Would you keep all under 1 adset or create 2 adsets (1 per angle) and then put 10 ads each? Thanks in advance
  6. @nasrodineelghalbzouri4849: How would you implement Andromeda for an online furniture e-commerce store that sells multiple product categories (mirrors, buffets etc)...?
  7. @UltimateStrengthandNutrition: Great vid Manny 👍🏻👍🏻
  8. @pibaquebanchonroger1499: Ahora todo en CBO?
  9. @michaelballato264: elite video! creative is king
  10. @BusinessMarielaPerCal: If we're running ads in different languages should we separate by campaign? Or by ad sets in the same campaign? Or throw all into the same ad set?
  11. @TheTateBurner: So basically once you find a winning angle, you can't iterate as it'll be too similar

That means constantly have to find a winning angle? how do you build on that though 

From what I'm hearing this update is encouraging a one and done ad, no finding winning variables anymore.
  12. @michaelmichael2802: What about launching new creatives when I create these mini funnels with all different types of ads in them? Do I create a new adset whenever I launch a new batch?
  13. @MattLoberstein: But how many ads per ad set is too many? What if you had 10x ad sets with 10 similar ads in each set, would you combine all in one for diversity...? If no other diff in targeting etc. per ad set
  14. @mubeenahmad9451: Great info, is there any way to contact you?
  15. @gorandjurdjevic-h2r: Thanks.More videos...
  16. @workingcroo: more pls

- Meta Ads Budget Issue – AI Workflow Fix (24/7 Safeguard for Andromeda Problems): Kind: captions Language: en [Music] Mhm.

  Top Comments:
  1. @AdsnotePro: Feels like this platform is built for experts only. Beginners get lost in all the targeting and campaign settings.”
  2. @hydromentalist: Hey, I've had the same thing happen to me. My budget gets used up all within minutes after publishing an ad. Do you have an idea of what may be causing this and a method to avoid this? I've heard creating a new campaign or ad account completely helps avoid the issue but I haven't tried these or confirmed that they work. Please me know. Thanks!

- 🚨 Meta’s Andromeda Algorithm Changed Everything 🚨: Kind: captions Language: en Meta's new algorithm update called Andromeda has changed absolutely everything. Now what? Okay, so one of the biggest fundamental shifts with this update, which actually happened in late 2024, we started testing a lot of the methodologies that we're going to be talking about in this series in and around spring of 2025 with our own money. In fact, we've spent as of right now, as of this recording, over $7.8 million of our own money. This is not our customers money of our own money to test these strategies. I went to a a meta conference in early 2025 and they were talking about creative diversification. Wasn't exactly quite sure what that meant. Now it's apparent as to what they actually meant. I think they actually called it content diversification. And this was a change within the meta algorithm which was just about to start coming into all the different ad accounts. We were starting to see it with some of our own personal business ad accounts. And what we realized is that the old way of doing ads, running meta ads, no longer applied. the old days of separating out your traffic between level one traffic, which is somebody who watches a video, or maybe clicks onto your page and fires a page view event, then targeting those ads based upon their level of interaction. You specifically adding campaigns, creating campaigns to target these people. Then maybe somebody who hit a view content which is your product page for example in a e-commerce situation a lot of beauty brands that we have obviously when you go to the product page it fires a view content event and then let's say they add to cart okay add to cart or initiate checkout and then finally purchase. So what we used to do is we used to way back in 2020 and 2021 3 4 years ago we used to target ads individually for based upon the previous action. This was called the ecom ad amplifier or otherwise known as just the ad amplifier. That has all completely changed. So everything here no longer works because Meta's Andromeda algorithm does all of this for you. So because Meta has invested over $72 billion this year. Now what Meta does is it wants creative What the heck is [applause] creative diversification? if I can actually spell it. Think about it this way. Meta knows more about your potential prospects than you will ever know. With all of these billions of dollars being invested into AI technology, they understand every single user and what their propensities are. Are they clickers? Are they converters? Are they people that are interested in soccer? Are they interested in cooking? Are they interested in higher education? whatever your product happens to be and the past actions that they've made on the platforms and the meta platforms which cover by the way about 5/8 of the entire planet people who use some kind of meta platform it makes their algorithm and their ad platforms especially powerful. So, taking all of that information, all you now need to do instead of telling Meta to target people who have hit your front page, your collection page, or somebody who has hit your product page, or somebody who has added to cart, or somebody has initiated checkout or purchased. Meta now knows all this. They understand all of the actions of your previous users. And as a result of that, all you need to do is put together enough different types of creative in order for you to leverage this Meta Andromeda algorithm change. It's a monumental change. So, the days of the same old product shots, you just putting up a shot of your product. Okay? Maybe you put it over here. Maybe you put it over there. Maybe you have different backgrounds. Maybe you have different colors. Maybe you have different ways in which to show that same product to your user. This is not content diversification. This is not creative diversification, which we're now calling one of the biggest strategies, one of the biggest breakthroughs in Meta ever since the whole platform went to the newsfeed before the right-hand rail ads. This is the biggest change ever. This is not creative diversification [music] because all of these basically look the same to Meta. If you're doing just product shots, like the same old same old type of product shots that you used to do, or maybe you're using dynamic product ads, you're probably noticing a dramatic drop in performance because people don't go to Meta to just buy. They go to Meta, which is Instagram, which is Facebook, which is WhatsApp, which is the audience network to browse. And that's the big difference. When people log into Instagram, they're not necessarily looking to buy products. 70% of users on Instagram discover new products on Instagram. So, it's a great discovery platform. However, if you're just going to put buy or conversionbased ads in front of them all the time with no story behind it, with no diversified creative, you're going to end up paying multiples higher. We've seen CPMs increase in these types of straight to the product ads, straight to conversion ads. We've seen CPMs increase by tfold because that strategy is an old school strategy. Now the new way of doing things is quite different. So instead of just having those productbased bottom offunnel here's my thing go buy it ads which still do have a place that works only if you have other creatives that are diverse and [music] at least 80% diverse than that creative. What we have found through extensive testing is that there are about 10 ad types that we found that work the best to be able to bring people into the fold. Understand who you are, what your product is all about, what your product story is all about, what the pain points and the or the desires that you're either trying to help them solve or help them get closer to. We found that 10 different ad types are the ad types that work the best. And I am not talking about just bottom of funnel here's my product go buy it type of ads. We are talking about people using the product. Okay, this is going to be a very bad picture. Okay, there's somebody. It's a terrible picture using the product. Notice this is a 9 by6. It is not a one by one. It's a very different type of ad. Maybe this might be a video. Okay, this might be a static ad. Okay, maybe you actually have an ad with somebody taking the product and trying it on. My god, these pictures are terrible. Maybe you're adding you've got some boots, somebody sitting here on a chair. The point is is these none of these three ads actually look like the other ones. And that's the key with creative diversification. So, a couple of the most popular ads right now are UGC ads, founders story, video testimonials, before and after. The point is is that every one of these ads is diverse. So, what Meta does is through all of this AI technology that I've invested [music] tens of billions of dollars in and through these amazing called Gracehopper chips, which is CPUs plus/GPUs. You don't need to get into the technical details. What they find is that some people need to see maybe this ad first and then that ad and then maybe a testimonial and then a UGC and then maybe a before and after and then they get to your product ad. They might need seven or eight or nine different touches. And instead of you trying to force the targeting based on the old school way of doing things, Metal will do all of this for you. And the most important part of this is having diverse creative. But it's got to be at least 80% different. So this might be reals, this might be Instagram feed, it might be stories, it might be 16 by9 videos, it might be all of these sorts of things. So like I said, we found about 10 different ad types that are the most effective in leveraging the meta Andromeda algorithm change and we call it creative diversification. So, if you're not exactly sure how to do any of this stuff or you say, "This sounds all great, Ralph. This is great information, but I don't even know where to start." Well, check us out over at Tier 11 at tier 11.com/cd. There's a ton of information on that page and I'll help you understand a little bit more about what's going on right now and how this change can dramatically impact your business. We've already spent $7.8 million of our own money in testing it. We've refined it and perfected it for tier 11 clients. And if you want our help, you can find our help over at tier1.com CD as well. So, hope this video helped you. Feel free to like, comment, share, or visit us over at tier1.com/cd. We'll talk to you in the next video.

  Top Comments:
  1. @leparfaitshow: Really good teaching right there Ralph. So do you put all of those diverse creatives into the same CBO campaign?
  2. @33bigmoney: great video Ralph

- Raising an Emotionally Intelligent Child | Dr. John Gottman | Parenting Advice: Kind: captions Language: en in uh 1985 I started studying how relationships affect kids and how kids affect relationships and uh and and trying to see how that whole system works together and it turns out then one of the things I'll I'll try to convince you of tonight is that it's all of the same fabric I mean the way you relate to one another the way the way you relate to your kids the way your kids relate to you the way your kids relate to other kids it's all like it's made of the same quilt and uh and if you're working on one then you're actually working on all of it together now if you if you think about kids and you want to predict uh how a kid is going to turn out as an adult maybe you got a four-year-old or a five-year-old and you're curious about or a kid in school and you want to know uh what information should I collect to find out how this kid's going to be when when the kid grows up uh it the interesting thing is it's not IQ it's not achievement test it's not even SAT scores or graduate record exam scores that will predict how the kid will turn out it's actually how the kid gets along with other children you know what this kid is like socially and what this kid is like socially is going to depend a lot on how you relate to your kid and how you treat your kid so we'll talk about that um now I also started off in the very beginning when I was a professor beginning professor curious about how kids make friends and I just kind of assumed that psychologists would know that and uh turned out they didn't know that and uh and we had to actually observe and see how kids make friends and what they're like with their best friends and we we studied that from age three all the way through college and adulthood about friendship because best friendship and how kids make friends and how how we how we treat friends is a very important part of our family life and our community life and U so we're interested in how all of these systems work together all these social systems work together and you've heard about emotional intelligence and I'm going to be talking to you about some of that tonight um initially I was also interested in studying kids and marriages because I was curious about whether there was anything that parents could do if they weren't getting along right with one another and they were fighting with one another to buffer their kids from the conflict now we found that um we could actually measure how parents were getting along in two ways we could either ask them how happy they were how much conflict they were having or we could take a 24-hour urine sample from their kids and measure how many stress hormones particularly adrenaline was getting secreted in the children's bodies so if you're fighting your kids are secreting adrenaline and if they're secreting adrenaline because they're stressed out one of the things that happens to them is that the first and most sensitive system to reflect this stress is the attentional system the kids's ability to focus attention the kids ability to shift attention when they want to and the kids ability to sustain attention and part of what we're seeing in all of this diagnosis of hyperactivity is in part a reflection of increased family stress increased stress between parents so the attentional system is really a very sensitive indicator of whether kids are stressed out so one thing I was very interested in was is there anything we can do if there is an ailing relationship between parents to buffer kids from that

  Top Comments:
  1. @cherieusher688 [14 likes]: Where can I find the rest of this speech?
  2. @AngelaPrelip [3 likes]: Can you fix the generated closed captions to make this video ADA?  Thank you!
  3. @lindsayhengehold5341 [1 likes]: Love this book and the author!
  4. @EmiliaNikolova-e7m: People need to get into the idea of ​​Emotional Intelligence. This can only happen if they clear their heads of all memories of someone being mean or unfair to them in their lives. And with the "house" swept clean - they can put in new furniture that they don't feel comfortable sitting on.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NGHg_Y7gbZA
  5. @osbertmayans4200: Do natural intelligence boost system like Rotogenflux Methods really work and if so, how effective are they? I've heard several awesome things about this intelligence boost system.
  6. @enrichettaliebrecht308: Does Rotogenflux Methods (search on google) help me my IQ score increased over 17 points? I see a lot of people keep on speaking about this intelligence boost system.
  7. @mylestvedt3328: Has anyone tried Rotogenflux Methods? (just google it) I've noticed many awesome things about this intelligence boost program.
  8. @alexandrawall9971: Is Rotogenflux Methods effective to increase your IQ of 23 points? We have learn many good stuff about this intelligence boost system.
  9. @justinelahm444: Hello there, have you considered Rotogenflux Methods yet? Simply just do a search engine search. On there you'll discover a great guidelines about how you can increase your IQ score over 17 points. Why not give it a shot? perhaps it will work for you too.
  10. @nolagrimes4758: What do you think of increase your IQ of 23 points with Rotogenflux Methods? I notice a lot of people keep on talking about Rotogenflux Methods.
  11. @mariamkinen8036: Before this illegal , uninformed , n coerced crime, I had done the work to be balanced, beautiful n tiny by the definition of a feminine. woman. Now, I feel male n unclear about my sexuality. Sex gender identity as a woman. It is hard. Especially , as my no father got his highest high from treating me as male . Nothing was never ENOUGH albeit I excelled in other ppl's eyes . To my mother,  I gratified her emotional ego until I started to fight for My body in My psyche.I had high EQ. I still do.
  12. @donaldevanka8944: Do natural iq course like Rotogenflux Methods really work and if so, how effective are they? We've heard numerous amazing things about this iq boost secrets.
  13. @aaravsanford7110: Has anyone used the Rotogenflux Methods to increase your IQ of 23 points? Simply do a search engine search. On there you will discover that a great suggestions about how exactly you can increase your IQ of 20 points. Why don't you give it a shot? maybe it is going to work for you too.
  14. @parwanenido8801: As specialist, I think Rotogenflux Methods is good way to increase your IQ score over 17 points. Why don't you give it a chance? maybe it's going to work for you too.
  15. @vachelahmadi3918: Do anyone know about Rotogenflux Methods? Does it work? I hear many individuals increase their IQ of 23 points with this intelligence boost program.
  16. @dominickblankenship51: It's still astonish me just how a number of people do not know about Rotogenflux Methods although a lot of people their IQ score increased over 17 points with it. Thanks to my personal friend who told me about it. I have my IQ score increased over 15 points.
  17. @emersonharrell6346: Is Rotogenflux Methods useful to improve your intelligence? I've read a lot of good things about this intelligence boost system.
  18. @vachelahmadi3918: Do anyone know about Rotogenflux Methods? Does it really work? I hear many people increase their IQ of 20 points with this iq boost secrets.
  19. @abgarzon8903: Hi there, I want to know if Rotogenflux Methods, will work for me? I see many people keep on speaking about this intelligence boost program.
  20. @jayvionstokes4718: I read lots of good reviews on the internet about how Rotogenflux Methods can assist you increase your IQ score over 15 points. Has anybody tried using this intelligence boost program?

- Yuko Munakata: The science behind how parents affect child development | TED: Kind: captions Language: en Transcriber: A few years ago, a student came up to me after the second day of my class on parenting and child development. She hesitated for a second and then she confessed, "I'm really interested in this material, but I was hoping your class would help me to become a better parent if I have kids someday." She was disappointed. We were going to talk about how parents do not have control in shaping who their children become. She jumped to the conclusion that my class wouldn't help her. I was caught off guard. Would confronting the science of parenting and child development, not be relevant to being a good parent? I hope that my class changed her mind. Parents want what's best for their children, young and old parents, rich and poor, married and divorced. And parenting books promise to show how to achieve the best outcomes, to address the difficult decisions that parents face every day and in the process, to reveal why each of us turned out the way we did. The problem is that parenting books send conflicting messages. Tiger parenting or free-range parenting? Parent like the Dutch to raise the happiest kids in the world or like the Germans, to raise self-reliant children? The one consistent message is that if your child isn't succeeding, you're doing something wrong. There's good news, though. The science supports a totally different message that is ultimately empowering. Trying to predict how a child will turn out based on choices made by the parents is like trying to predict a hurricane from the flap of a butterfly's wings. Do you know the butterfly, the proverbial one, that flaps its wings in China, perturbing the atmosphere just enough to shift wind currents that make their way to the skies over tropical white beaches intensifying the water evaporating from the ocean in a spiral of wind and fueling a hurricane in the Caribbean six weeks after that flutter of wings. If you are a parent, you are the butterfly flapping your wings. Your child is the hurricane, a breathtaking force of nature. You will shape the person your child becomes like the butterfly shapes the hurricane in complex, seemingly unpredictable but powerful ways. The hurricane wouldn't exist without the butterfly. "Wait," you might ask, what about all the successful parents with successful children or the struggling parents with struggling children?" They might seem to show the simple power of parenting. But children can be shaped by many forces that are often intertwined, like successful parents, successful genes, successful peers and a culture of success that they grow up in. This can make it hard to know which forces influence who children become. "OK," you might think, "yes, it's hard to pull apart all these possible forces, but we can make pretty good guesses about the importance of parents." Perhaps. Well, how many of you know how a bicycle works? Right, you've seen people riding bikes, maybe you've ridden one yourself or even tried to teach someone else how to do it. Just like parenting -- you've seen people doing it, maybe you've done it yourself We can feel confident about what we know. When we say we know how a bicycle works, we think we have something in our heads like this. Something that relates the pedals to the chain and to the wheels. But when you ask people to explain how a bicycle works, they produce drawings like this. And like this. (Laughter) People have no idea how bicycles work. Or zippers or rainbows, or even topics they argue passionately about. When you push people to explain how these things work, they usually can't. Just caring about something, like parenting, or feeling confident about it, doesn't guarantee that we understand it. And everyone can't possibly be right about how parenting works, given how wildly beliefs have varied. Mothers in a hunter-gatherer society regretted when their children cut themselves themselves while playing with knives, but they thought the cuts were worth the freedom to explore. Even within one society like ours, parenting wasn't a common term until the 1970s. Before then, parents weren't viewed as active shapers of children's futures. Years from now, people may look back on today's views and feel just as amazed as we feel when hearing about other times and places. The science could help parents, and potential parents like my student, to understand how they actually shape who their children become. Millions of children have been studied to disentangle all those shaping forces that are usually intertwined. These studies follow identical twins and fraternal twins and plain old siblings growing up together or adopted and raised apart. And it turns out that growing up in the same home does not make children noticeably more alike in how successful they are, or how happy or self-reliant and so on. Imagine if you had been taken from birth and raised next door by the family to the left and your brother or sister had been raised next door by the family to the right, by and large, that would have made you no more similar or different than growing up together under the same roof. On the one hand, these findings seem unbelievable. Think about all the ways that parents differ from home to home and how often they argue and whether they helicopter and how much they shower their children with love. You would think that would matter enough to make children growing up in the same home more alike than if they had been raised apart. But it doesn't. In 2015, a meta analysis, a study of studies, found this pattern across thousands of studies following over 14 million twin pairs across 39 countries. They measured over 17,000 outcomes. And the researchers concluded that every single one of those outcomes is heritable. So genes influence who children become. But genes didn't explain everything. The environment mattered too, just something in the environment that didn't shape children growing up in the same home to be more alike. Some people have looked at these findings and concluded that parenting doesn't matter. That you would have become the same person you are today, regardless of who raised you. On the other hand, and really, I should say on the other hands, because there are many caveats to that story, but I'll focus on one. these findings are not all that shocking. If you think about how the same parent could shape different children in different ways. One child might find it helpful when her mother provides structure. Her sister might find it's stifling. One child might think his parents are caring when they ask questions about his friends. His brother might think they're being nosy. One child might view a divorce as a tragedy, while his sister sees it as a relief. Same event, different experience. My husband and I experienced this concept 20 years ago when we were 30,000 feet over the Atlantic, flying from Chicago to Stockholm to work on a research project. The flight attendants were clearing the dinner trays, people were getting ready to sleep. We hit a patch of bumpy air and a bunch of teenagers whooped in excitement. Then all of a sudden, the plane was plummeting, children and food carts hit the ceiling. The plane seemed to stabilize, but then plummeted again. The ceiling panels flew up into their compartments from the force, revealing wiring inside. Debris came crumbling down on us. People were screaming and sobbing. The plane plummeted again. After an eternity, the pilot came on and announced, "We don't know what that was. We don't know what's coming. Stay in your seats." My husband came away from that experience feeling like planes are incredibly safe. The airline sent a letter informing us that we hadn't simply been falling across those thousands of feet of clear air turbulence. The plane had been subjected to forces greater than 2G. We learned that planes can withstand forces many times larger. So my husband feels safe flying. He seems genuinely baffled by how anyone could feel otherwise. I get that concept, but only in the abstract. I've never been able to fly the same way since. Just because an event doesn't shape people in the same way, that doesn't mean it had no effect. Your parenting could be shaping your children, just not in ways that lead them to become more alike. Your parenting could be leading your first child to become more serious, your second child to become more relaxed. Your first child to want to be like you, your second child to want to be nothing like you. You are flapping your butterfly wings to your hurricane children. This isn't how we typically think about parenting. It doesn't make for simple advice. How could parenting books tell people how to raise successful, happy, self-reliant children, if the same parenting can lead to different outcomes for children in the same home? At this point, you might be thinking, like students in my class sometimes say, "OK, we get it. development is complicated. And maybe it's not worth studying because it's too complicated." But meaning can be made from chaos. Scientists now understand how babies go from these apparent lumps to become walking, talking, thinking, social independent beings. They understand this process well enough to intervene, to test newborns, for example, and treat them for a genetic condition that used to lead to mental retardation. Scientists are developing ever more sophisticated understanding of how parents could shape their children's futures. Science can tell us a lot. But it will never tell us everything. So what can we do with this? First, know that parents matter. That might seem obvious, but smart people are arguing otherwise, and what seems obvious is not always true, as we've seen. Second, know that how parents matter is complex and difficult to predict. For anyone who has ever been a parent, stop blaming yourself, as if you are in control of your child's path. You have influence, but you don't have control. For anyone who has ever been a child, stop blaming your parents. At least for the idea that you are defined by them. Stop blaming other parents. A recent survey of thousands of parents revealed that 90 percent of mothers and 85 percent of fathers feel judged. Close to half feel judged all the time or nearly all the time by people they know and by complete strangers. These judgments probably don't reflect what's best for the kids. How could they, given how profoundly parenting has varied around the world and across time? And given how the same parents can shape children under the same roof in such different ways. Even when parents try their best, they can't satisfy everybody. There's only so much time. This is especially true for dragon parents. The author, Emily Rapp, came up with this term after her baby was diagnosed with Tay-Sachs disease. She knew then that Ronan would never walk or talk. He would likely die before turning four. I did not know that this could also be the fate of my firstborn son. He was born with a condition that prevents the intestine from absorbing nutrients or water for the body. It affects one in five million babies. One in five million. It is so rare that one doctor felt confident telling us that we would be screwed if that's what our baby had. He was the one who had to break the news to us later. Dragon parents have a lot to say about parenting, even though they know their children will die young, or in my case, even if we have no idea whether our babies will live. Emily Rapp wrote, "We will not launch our children into a bright and promising future, but see them into early graves." This requires a new ferocity, a new way of thinking, a new animal. We are dragon parents, fierce and loyal and loving as hell. Our experiences have taught us how to parent for the here and now, for the sake of parenting, for the humanity implicit in the act itself. Parenting, I've come to understand, is about loving my child today, now. In fact, for any parent anywhere, that's all there is. I had thought that my expertise in child development would help prepare me for becoming a parent. Instead, becoming a parent helped me to see the science in a whole new light. So third, appreciate how powerful the moments can be because of what they mean for you and your child right now, not because of what they mean for your child long term, which you do not know. The activist Andrew Solomon noted, "Though many of us take pride in how different we are from our parents, we are endlessly sad at how different our children are from us." Maybe we could be less sad if we were more realistic, if we let go of the notion that our children's futures are in our control. If we can embrace the complexity of our children's development that can transform how we approach those parenting decisions we face each day and empower us to realize how much more there is to having a child than trying to shape a specific outcome. So much more, which I appreciate every day in moments with my firstborn son, who is thriving and with his younger brother and the unique paths they are taking. We are not screwed. The science of parents and children, butterflies and their hurricanes, can free people to focus on what is most important and meaningful in our lives. This can make the experience of being a parent and the experience of having been a child more realistic and satisfying for everyone involved. And that, I think, is very relevant to being a good parent.

  Top Comments:
  1. @ThomasSmith-z5q [677 likes]: Hello brothers and sisters. I would just like to recommend that everyone read the book ‘Raising Warriors: Preparing Your Children For a Godly Life’. Reading that book was the best desicion I ever made.
  2. @thekcumeh [5 likes]: 17 minutes given to a Ted Talk and I'm wondering what I watched.

This is that kind of talk where someone wants to do good by some people and end up doing nothing or doing worse. I get it that we have a lot of confusing parenting styles, but trying to make it look like no matter how hard we try it's a thing of luck is more like saying, 'don't bother trying, we're all gonna die anyways.'

Parents can do more, and as a former child and currently a parent, I think we need to be constantly improving because our actions matter a lot.
  3. @melaniedamour8934 [2 likes]: Ten minutes in and shes not really saying anything, just repeating  the same things in different ways.  Parents have a huge influence...there is a reason  kids and teens are so  angry and violent compared to when i was a child.  Parents need to start  taking accountability and not blaming everyone else.
  4. @또졌어-w8c [1 likes]: This woman is just a person who ran away from her pain and rationalized it with weird logic.
  5. @jenniferbyrne4567 [1 likes]: It’s a nice message but I think inaccurate. The example of her and her husband is likely because he is a secure attachment style and she is anxious attachment style. Attachment styles are directly related to the way parents raise their children.
  6. @rebex78: Sorry but this is to say, parents have no effect on children while a vague culture can do. Do you know that family is the closest culture for children? It is totally none sense with a coat of science
  7. @kimvelasquez5520: I don't agree with this.
  8. @zacharyrichards9287: Seems like this researcher is trying to cope with the fact she had no control over her own terminally ill child's life
  9. @GirlOverSkies: Not because you couldn’t measure it you deny it.
  10. @CassidyQuinn: Watching this as a first year Clinical Mental Health Counseling grad student and just wanted to say thank you so much for sharing your story and your wisdom. I'm tearing up hearing the ending that your first born son is thriving!! You are clearly an amazing parent, whether you can shape your children's future or not!
  11. @stepbro1992: Our wings don’t flap at a constant rate over time. Parents, like butterflies, change as they go through life. Sometimes they might feel weak, flap less, or even need time to heal before they can move forward again. This shows that feelings can’t really be measured or boxed into numbers. However, trends and patterns can be understood over time.

The issue with studying a study assumes the first one is error-free, but that’s rarely the case. For example, if the first study has a 10% error, it’s 90% accurate. Then, if you build on it with another study that also has a 10% error, the combined accuracy isn’t 90% anymore—it drops to 0.9 × 0.9 = 0.81, or 81%. Each layer of error reduces how reliable the result is.
  12. @RadiyaPallav: hey ted, i think the topic name "the myth of inherited success(or struggle)"is not appropriate in this context. it should be "reason"
 instead of myth. or you may write " myth about parenting"
  13. @ngocdo3106: Great talk! thank you so much for this sharing 💗💗
  14. @bryanfinnerty947: What are you talking about? It's something every guy I know can fix 😅 it's a bicycle, not a bow 10 speed transmission awd
  15. @JasonPhippsProducer: This is a beautiful song to parenthood - thank you
  16. @alassielgra4556: Okay So this is a nature vs nurture debate, and your bottom line is nurture doesn't matter. Got it. If you think that years and years of being exposed to the two most significant figures in your life has no influence on your character, responses and knee jerk reactions, you have missed the bottom line of parenting. As adults, yes, we have the responsibility to better ourselves for ourselves, because this isn't dependent on our parents anymore, but those behaviors that needs to be unlearned they are due to how we were raised not just our nature.
  17. @tiborzkarate1: Her presentation sounds so superficial and robotic. I know she's reading a teleprompter but she's far from a natural presenter.
  18. @Nytemothr: Are you saying child abuse doesn't affect how a child turns out? Are you saying that narcissism is something that people are born with? What about cluster b personality disorders?
  19. @Dacky1989: Can you imagine watching this from Palestine 🇵🇸
  20. @Tessa-Morgan: as a father of a 2 year old and very sassy daughter, i went through a few parenting styles , and this are  my reflections.
always be open to learn and to be taught , not just by others, but even by your child.
always be ready to shift and constantly adjust your parenting style according to your childs personality 
remember you will make mistakes , try to forgive yourself and become better.

- Matt Goldich Stand-Up: Foreign Films, Raising Kids: Kind: captions Language: en -Our next guest is a very funny comedian who's one of our writers here at "Late Night." His new stand-up special, "No Questions Asked," debuted today on YouTube. Please welcome back to the show Matt Goldich, everybody. [ Cheers and applause ] ♪♪ -Thank you. Thank you very much. I have two kids, and I'm worried about the future that they're growing up in, you know, because there's a lot of dumb people out there. It's 2024. There are still people that think that climate change is not real. If climate change is not real, then explain what happened to all of the Rainforest Cafes. You can't. Where -- [ Laughter ] Where did they go? We're in Midtown Manhattan. We should be surrounded by them. [ Light laughter ] And they're trying to make more dumb people, too, you know. They're banning books in schools in certain states. It's crazy. When I was a kid in school, if there was a book they did not want us to read, they would just assign it to us. And then we would not read it. That was a good system. That worked well for a long time. I don't know why we changed that. I didn't even know that "To Kill a Mockingbird" was, like, making me too woke or whatever. I never made it past the first 10 pages. I... I honestly don't even know if that's the right book for that joke, you guys. I never finished it. I'm sorry. Yeah, school's a lot different. It's better in some ways for my kids. When I was a kid, we would sit cross-legged and they would call that Indian style. You can't say Indian style anymore. It's offensive. My kids call it crisscross applesauce because that's how applesauce sits. We used to rub noses. They would call that Eskimo kissing. And now, of course, they call it Alaskan Indigenous consensual nasal touching. And I think that's -- Thank you. Yeah. It's way better. [ Applause ] I'm trying to expand my horizons and learn more about the world, you know, become smarter. I'm trying to watch more foreign films. I like when I'm watching a movie and two characters are talking in Spanish and they'll subtitle the whole conversation, and then one of them will say, "Gracias," and then they don't subtitle it. It's like, "Hell yeah, I know that one. Yeah!" Four years of high school French finally paying off. We got this, we got this. Yeah. Two kids was tough during the pandemic. Tough to entertain them all day, without resorting to screen time. So we would mostly just have them listen to true-crime podcasts. I was like, "No, you're not going to watch 'PAW Patrol.' That is going to rot your brain. We are going to sit here and solve this murder as a family. That's how today's going to go." My son figured out who killed Epstein. We were all very proud. Turns out it was Epstein. Wasn't that hard. My son is almost old enough to walk to school by himself, and sometimes I'll see kids who look a little older than him, and they're walking to school by themself. And I want to ask them, "Hey, how old were you when your parents let you start walking to school by yourself?" But of course you can't, 'cause then you're the reason they can no longer walk It's a real paradox. And my daughter is 4. I want her to understand, you know, that boys and girls can grow up to do all the same things. It's hard. I have to remember to, like, model that behavior for her. She came into the room, she was wearing a pretty pink dress, and I was like, "Oh, my God, look at you. You look so...good at science." You know, I caught myself and... Her self-esteem is through the roof now. She wants to see "Oppenheimer" instead of "Barbie." We're all very proud. Say it with me. We need more women... building atomic bombs. Am I right? Thank you, thank you. My daughter said to me recently -- She said, "Daddy, why do you have two noses?" And I think she meant nostrils, but still, felt a little anti-Semitic, am I right? In this climate. Got to be careful now that I'm 44. Not to be too creepy, you know. Certain things you cannot do as a 44-year-old man. Like if a friend of mine wishes his daughter a happy 18th birthday on social media, I cannot like that post. That is a trap. Yeah, and I definitely should not have commented. Finally -- That one's on me. I'll take the hit. No, here's the thing. I'm allowed to make these jokes 'cause I'm not actually attracted to 18-year-old women. If I see an 18-year-old woman walking down the street, the only thing I ever think to myself is, "Oh, man, I wonder if she would watch my kids so I could go to Costco by myself." Wouldn't that be -- Wouldn't that be a hot Saturday night? Actually, I'm not being fair. My son, my 8-year-old, he loves going to Costco with me. He likes the free samples that they give out there, which is ironic considering he's never paid for food once in his goddamn life. Alright, thank you very much, everybody. Appreciate it. -Matt Goldich, everybody. "No Questions Asked" is available right now at youtube.com/mattgoldich. We'll be right back.

  Top Comments:
  1. @kykeit1181 [2 likes]: Matt funny
  2. @sethlarson9433 [1 likes]: Hell yeah Matt, that was great!
  3. @gmpetrick: lol it would be Catcher in the Rye
  4. @JohnFrancisShade: Now get back to your cubicle.
  5. @nicklachen5060: that was pretty funny. audience didn't really do him justice
  6. @ramiroavila9374: This was corny AF hope he gets better tho
  7. @tpot725: Another unfunny comedian
  8. @sethie_shots: Yeah, I do have one question… need a headshot update?
  9. @can-7191: Seth literally the best boss ever
  10. @andybaldman: Don’t quit your day job.
  11. @medilati: Hilarious!!!
  12. @Cronistrasza: Concerning that he's a comedy writer.
  13. @doomgodsixtynine: not good stand up. haha
  14. @tmattoneill: Wow. This is the first I've heard about "indian style".... is that true?
  15. @greenink1253: The end when seth whispers i hope its "this is my stage you hack" nah he was funny tho
  16. @jeffbobbalwbs2104: His bad jokes to Seth mouth are so much more funny n Seth delivery is much more hilarious.  Plus his new headshot is much better than his previous n actual... Great jokes, y is he still on the show. Very funny. But seriously, I can see y he didn't make it to snl
  17. @intheshell35ify: That's what happens when a talented writer thinks the delivery of the jokes is so easy a caveman can do it. I knew when the headshot came out a month ago that this silliness would be the intended evolution. Stay in your lane.
  18. @felixfelix8940: So many comments here like Matt just started stand-up. Matt has been doing stand-up since at least 2001.
  19. @aaronlamb7977: Matt really needs to throw in a “Mya see the coppas are after me” it would really round out the 1920s news guy character
  20. @JamesKennedy33: I wonder if it was Matt that got James Acaster on the show, they've got similar styles.

- ADHD 101 - Why Kids With ADHD Need Different Parenting Strategies: Kind: captions Language: en hi i'm aaron qi and felder gonzalez i'm a psychologist with the pro clinic at Seattle Children's Hospital outpatient psychiatry and I'm going to talk about why children with ADHD need different parenting strategies than other kids you may be saying I'm doing all the same things that other parents are doing I use the same types of ways of rewarding my child and using consequences and my child's just not responding the same way and you're right they aren't going to respond the same way because their brain is processing information differently than other children so you're in the five to ten percent of kids who really need a different strategy in order to be able to take that information and use it to change their behavior so you may already be providing great parenting for your child but when you have a child with ADHD it's a lot harder and really super parenting is what's required you really need strategies that are kind of above and beyond what other parents are having to provide so there are three core difficulties related to ADHD that help us think about how to change our parenting style for a particular tryout the first difficulty is trouble with self-regulation and self-regulation refers to internally keeping track of what you're doing keeping track of yourself planning ahead shifting from one task to the next and and having that motivation come from within rather than from what's going on around you this is how we get ourselves through a routine or a task during the day kids with ADHD are gonna have about a 30% lag in their ability to self-regulate it's gonna look like a lack of maturity to a large degree so they may get off-track get distracted really easily when they're trying to do a routine even though they know how to redo the routine the second core difficulty that we think about is the inconsistency in behavior so just as I was saying a child with ADHD may be extremely bright and in fact we see lots of kids at a extremely high level of IQ who have ADHD so they know what to do they know how to do the task but they're not consistent in doing it so one day your child may be able to get themselves dressed and downstairs and ready with a backpack ready to go and the next day all bets are off they need help every step of the way and it seems like they can hardly remember what the different pieces are of their routine this is one of the most frustrating things about parenting a child with ADHD it often looks like they're just not trying or they're on purpose just not doing their routine but really the cause of this inconsistency is that kids with ADHD are so vulnerable to input from their environment because they're not internally self-regulating as well they're relying on cues around them for their regulation and that means anything that's different in the environment from date from one day to the next is going to cause them to react in a totally different way or some internal factors maybe off from one day to the next you know how much sleep they got builds up frustration about something there could be lots of factors that just lead them to have an even harder time self-regulating so they may know what to do but it's executing and doing that task that's one of the the key difficulties with ADHD the third piece is that kids with ADHD respond to consequences and rewards differently than other kids you may have felt like you were noticing that for a long time with your child and you're absolutely right so often the first time you try a new incentive or a new consequence it has a pretty big impact so if you're gonna offer a reward for your child for finishing homework the first time you offer it they may be really excited and really motivated and focus great on their homework but then when you try to use the same reward later it loses its value really quickly kids seem to get bored with it and just don't care about it as much same thing with consequences it may feel like sometimes what our consequence you choose anything you take away it may phase your child for a moment but then it seems like they forgot about it all together and that really comes back to how dopamine is processed in the brain and the fact that kids are not getting as consistent of that sense of reward that reward chemical from things so they get may get a burst of it initially but then they're not getting as much overtime and that's why they don't seem to care as much about that reward or consequence so what do these three core difficulties mean for parenting the first thing that we need to keep in mind for parenting a child with ADHD is anticipating because your child is not very good at projecting themselves forward in time and thinking about what's gonna happen next and what's gonna happen if I do X we as the adults have to think ahead so think about which situations are gonna be really tough for your child and are gonna require more support what are triggers of certain behaviors what are tasks during the day what's the piece of the morning routine that your child always gets distracted during and we are gonna try to set up more structure and things like clear instructions and more rewards and even consequences in advance so that we're not having to try to clean up a mess after things have fallen apart the second thing that we want to keep in mind for parenting a child with ADHD is that your child is going to need a lot more feedback than other kids will in order to regulate their engine so as I mentioned they're relying on their environment to self-regulate and you can be that piece of the environment that gives them accurate input and we really want to see a lot more positive input praise positive attention than correction and negative attention so we want to praise jump in give lots of attention when you see anything positive happening so instead of waiting until your child has completed all the steps of their morning routine we want to jump in with giving attention and praise just for getting started just for getting out of bed starting to get dressed let them know that they're on the right track so they can keep themselves going they are going to need more correction than other kids two more reminders and redirection as well but we want to think about how to do that in a way that doesn't become overly negative and make them feel defeated and like they're not doing a good job the third implication is that we need to build in more powerful rewards incentives and consequences for your child so natural consequences often aren't going to have the effect that we hope they will you know for example if your child always forgets to put on socks and you think to yourself well the natural consequence is when they're out at recess they'll notice their feet are cold that's too far in time really for it to change your child's behavior we need to put rewards incentives consequences in place that happen at the point of the behavior so that are really connected to when your child is doing a task and are things that your child cares about right so for each child we're gonna think about what is his or her currency what motivates and excites them what gets that dopamine flowing and can we put in some of those more exciting things those rewards during the boring parts of the day one example would be bedtime it's really hard often for kids with ADHD to get into bed because there's nothing fun that happens once you get in bed right the day the reward of the day is done so of course they're gonna stall on getting pajamas on getting teeth brush getting into bed but if we can put a special routine that's exciting for them into place once they're in bed having that special story time in bed with parent that might be exciting enough to help them get through some of the routines we got to make it really clear we got to remind them of it in a way that's that's powerful and meaningful to them

  Top Comments:
  1. @healthyauthentic7453 [389 likes]: thank you so very much. I just really appreciate your tone, and the details, and perspective, in a way i understand. and techniques i can apply. So helpful. great tone, not judgy and shaming, but with understanding the goals parents are trying to do. Subscribing and notifications.
  2. @kenmatree.3167 [118 likes]: I wanna see if any of this resonates with my mom. I remember that was absolutely true about not wanting to go to bed because nothing fun was left in the day.
  3. @aliciabrown3489 [29 likes]: Thank you I have been struggling and this has reaffirmed a lot for me. Sometime there are cultural barriers that interfere with these strategies that are not discussed, but your video has definitely made me want to take another look at how I can overcome those cultural barriers/ use to my advantage but still feel effective

- THE FUTURE OF HUMANITY: A.I Predicts 400 Years In 3 Minutes (4K): Kind: captions Language: en Tasked with designing 400 years into the future, 2 Arcadians set out with the mission to both warn humanity of the dangers of the current climate conditions and show our species its great potential should we&nbsp; work together, and so we begin known to the&nbsp;&nbsp; arcadians as the Reckoning in the year 2040&nbsp; where society's efforts to push initiatives&nbsp;&nbsp; and agendas of sustainability failed due to&nbsp; Humanity's obsession with over consumerism Next we have, the dystopian era, in the year 2070, where the living conditions are inconceivably depressing, unhygienic and inhumane. Also with the sheer mismanagement of waste dumping around our beloved planet in space, leading world governments to assemble the people of the nations. after much trial and tribulation we move on to&nbsp; the year 2100 The Retreat devised as a plan for&nbsp;&nbsp; the rest & recovery of our natural world in&nbsp; the year 2100 Humanity looks to live away from&nbsp;&nbsp; the surface for 50 years. And so a new chapter&nbsp; begins. with the return the year 2200. And upon&nbsp;&nbsp; returning to the surface, Humanity finds that&nbsp; the plan to allow nature to once again flourish&nbsp;&nbsp; worked outstandingly with all the greatest&nbsp; scientists, pioneers, futurists and imagineers&nbsp;&nbsp; devising methods of revolving the current&nbsp; society's technology and architecture around trans-botanism and with efforts of prosperity Humanity&nbsp; begins rebuilding with nature in the year 2250. the imaginators and Visionaries of today in 2250&nbsp; use biomimetic 4D printing in order to grow architecture, all from natural matter artificially&nbsp; reproduced and edited for our needs and once again&nbsp;&nbsp; assemble a harmonious routine life into local&nbsp; neighborhoods. And just when our technological&nbsp;&nbsp; development peaked as we thought, in comes the New&nbsp; Frontier of what we consider to be the nature of&nbsp;&nbsp; life itself we've finally done it. The singularity&nbsp; is here. Humans have merged with AI and uploaded&nbsp;&nbsp; themselves to the digital realm leaving behind all&nbsp; manners of physicality therefore solidifying our&nbsp;&nbsp; position as a type one civilization with&nbsp; our eyes fixated on the next challenge&nbsp;&nbsp; brought to you by Arcadia foundry's&nbsp; design team. Thank you for watching

  Top Comments:
  1. @tomasjankauskas8462 [501 likes]: :face-blue-smiling: So cool ! We really need to rethink our ways
  2. @Paul-z9y7n [1 likes]: Sorry I won't see you in heaven, since you're all preparing to take the mark!😬😵‍💫😵
  3. @Paul-z9y7n [1 likes]: And when they woke up they found themselves in Logan's Run.💀😵💀
  4. @monkeyhaters9258 [1 likes]: 2400 damn it...!!! the recession again😮
  5. @theodoremartinez-j9g: I call Bullshit. If there is life in this universe, we ae the worst in it. If it wasent for any type of external intervention, we would of been long gone...so, to the powers at be..stoo intervinig, so we can end this
  6. @JDS-33: I wish I could kill them all myself
  7. @CadetHanfi55555: Ai creat constant, Ai write, Ai Speak, but human share 😅 ...
  8. @dannytcb8583: Who gave Joe Biden a British accent?
  9. @Dimakloop: how about nature and no ai or technology?
  10. @Dimakloop: how could you merge with technology if technology is the problem in the first place
  11. @Gerat2-zb1fy: Bullshit
  12. @Enoeht-1: Made my whites not AI
  13. @viceroyxerxes8829: what a bunch of horse shit
  14. @mrbillhicks: Scary shit, and it's unfolding right in front of our eyes
  15. @budstoenescu8532: It will never happen  so stop dreaming
  16. @AltairEgo1: Speaking of AI, I keep getting an AI ad with some dude saying he's abandoned chat GPT. Apparently this so-called real person has abandoned it for the past 6 months. He's announced this at least 500 times. You'd think they'd be done announcing their abandonment after several months, but this "guy" has been claiming he's going to do this for a while now. 😂

"So guys, I'm about to do it, goodbye old friend"
"So guys, I'm about to abandon char GPT"
"Guys, I've totally abandoned chat GPT this time"
"I'm done with chat gpt"
"I'm gonna do it. For real this time. Incase you didn't notice"
  17. @theaiworld-25us: Sci-fi Movies should be prohibited for AI.
  18. @Ghostrider-71: Yet another 3 minutes of my life I will never get back. 👎🏼
  19. @flashahhasavedeveryoneofus2824: Thatll happen by 2050 merging with ai.
  20. @brunofraichard3960: Le gaz carbonique devrait être là pour des centaines d'années.

- Meta’s NEW Andromeda Update Is Skyrocketing Ad Costs (Do THIS Now): Kind: captions Language: en Another algorithm update. This one's specific to the creative distribution process. Meta recently announced, it was technically in April, on April 22nd to be specific that they announced this. It's called Meta Andromeda. And we're going to go through how this is currently [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you. If in the month of July you saw CPM skyrocket, you saw your cost per result skyrocket, you just had a dumpster fire of a month and you scured. You did everything that historically worked for you in an attempt to overcome it and you're just sitting around sitting on your hands at this point wondering what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] is going on? Why is nothing that historically worked to bring my ad cost back down working right now? Andromeda is the causation. It is where to point your finger of blame. It is what you specifically need to know. And in this video, we are going to be going through all of the details of Meta Andromeda, what it entails, and what you need to do. If you're on your path to million-dollar months, or if you've already cracked million-dollar months and you're looking to tack on that next million month, you're in the right place. We are talking about scaled lessons in this video. You will still get a lot of value out of this one in particular because it's just an algo update type video. But that's all we talk about on this channel, hitting million-dollar months. And of course, there are no income claims or earning potential, especially somebody like you. Who the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] are you to expect to watch a YouTube video and go out there and crack milliondoll months, you know? Anyway, I digress. Without further ado, ladies and gentlemen, let's dive in. If you're a new person to the channel, welcome in. And of course, if you're a subscriber, absolute pleasure to have you back. Let's jump into this thing. So Meta's engineering department specifically is the preferential place to read about this specific update. U for everybody who doesn't know they technically have two front-facing places to interact with the public. They have the engineering at Meta News articles and in addition to that they have what they call the newsroom. The newsroom is great. The newsroom is like very plain English simpler updates that they provide. the engineering at meta updates that they release are far greater in their detail. So, this is the place you want to be. And they talk at length about the specific Andromeda algorithm, where it fits into their creative recommendation process. So, I'm going to simplify all this nerd talk in this article for you in a very simple way so you can understand how it's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you and why. Very simple to understand. The new paradigm requires you to understand one thing. It is ad diversification. Whether it's in the newsroom article or whether it's in the meta engineering article, they both communicate the exact same thing. They simply say you must have a very diverse set of messaging in whatever assets you provide to us andor you must load us up with a lot more creatives than what you're historically used to. Here's what most people are used to. They're used to being able to upload a handful of creatives. As soon as those creatives fatigue, they can relaunch the campaigns with some fresh creatives. Again, sometimes it's a a really lazy way of doing this. They'll take the exact same body and call to action and they'll clip that out and all they'll do is just go film some new hooks and they'll stitch those new hooks onto that existing body and call to action. That technically still works, but it has a much lower probability to work. There is a need, simply put, based on this algo recommendation process, to have creative diversity in your messaging. And I'll go through what that looks like, of course. So, there's really two paths that you ultimately get to commit to with this new update. Path number one, and this is something that they highlight specifically in the newsroom article about this ALGO update. They have a guy who works as the head of e-commerce at a random company that essentially says something along the lines of, >> "I was launching three to four creatives a week and everything was fine, >> but once this Algo update came out, I had to kick it up to 50 a week in order to maintain scale and consistency and cost per result." So, they don't randomly pick the single testimonial that they place inside of their newsroom articles. You best believe that they're telling you point blank, okay, you need to go from three to four a week to all the way up to 50 a week. So, that would require you, as an example, if you're doing some basic math with me here. Four weeks in a month on average, and then you have a total of 50 creative iterations a week. That's 200 creatives a month that you've now got to churn out. But here's the situation. Path number two, which is what we've seen work that also requires a far smaller commitment, is we need about 15 diverse creatives a month in order to see success. Okay? And so I was with my inner circle group recently and I was articulating all of this in extreme depth. Of course, much more depth than what I'll ever do here on YouTube for free. And I crafted an entire SOP for ad diversity mastery. And again, you'll never see the likes of that, of course, unless you join into the inner circle. The master internet marketing group has this as well. Now, to be clear, but I digress. Point I'm trying to make is with the diversity approach and having about 15 creatives a month. Here's as simple as it is. I did this example with them where I was like, "All right, guys. Let's say we're selling some dog food, okay? And if we needed to come up with reasons, just a bunch of reasons that people would buy our dog food, what would those reasons be?" And as a group on this weekly call, we came up with all kinds of stuff. There were some big ones that were really easy to think of first. Healthier, it's better quality than the other ones that exist. Your dog prefers it, right? And we came up with all kinds of little ones, too, like uh your dog coat is smoother, lives longer, you know, less vet visits, happier, you know, all kinds of things. and we ended up with a big old graph where we had upwards of like 30 different reasons that people would buy dog food. Now, to be clear, that represents diversity. Historically, what you might do is you look at your ads in three different parts, which to be fair and saying is technically still a great best practice to look at it in three separate parts for the creation part of things. But to be clear and reiterate, most people what they'll do is kind of this lazy way of doing it where they'll keep the body and the CTA the same and then they'll take the hook and they'll make like let's say 10 to 15 hooks. Okay? Now, out of that total quantity of hooks, they'll obviously end up with case 15 16 total ads. But here's the issue, right? what this new Andromeda update clearly favors based on the entire month of July being a success for the people who overcame this and leveraged all these recommendations and then some. We found that the ad has to be unique through and through and specific to those individual reasons to buy. So that's all really messaging ad diversity means. It just simply means that you have an entire ad with a bunch of individual reasons said throughout the entire ad, right? The theme of the ad is like, "Hey, healthier dog food." The entire ad is now about healthier dog food. You have an ad about the longevity of your dog because of this dog food. The entire ad, not just the hook. The entire ad is now about longevity as it relates to that dog food. Now, you come up with 15 total unique unique through and through individual ads and you load those up into the ad platform. We saw tremendous success doing that and it did not require us to commit to 50 creatives a week. Comparatively, here's the path number one difference. If you do commit to the 50 creatives a week, you can technically still use this system right here where you just film the front hooks, you keep the body and the CTA the same, you churn through an absolute fuckload of creative in that example from what we've seen throughout the month of July testing cuz we have a very diverse group of people in the inner circle ranging from all different kinds of levels of spend in a month. And so different people chose to take different paths based on their advertising biases and preferences as a company. So some people would do the 50 a week and these people still saw great success, but that was well above what they historically ever had to commit to for ad creatives. It wasn't that hard to be fair, especially in the age of AI. We don't even necessarily need to actually sit down and film, you know, 10 to 50 total hooks in a week. You know, we don't even need to commit to 50 creatives in a week. We can technically film 10 in a month. And with B-roll, AI, we right there alone could create 200 variations. You know, it's not that tough to mix and match some stuff together to be able to turn out 50. Again, it's just a bigger commitment than what you're regularly used to. And because your advertiser or you didn't have the awareness about Andromeda and what specifically to do to solve for it, that's why you got [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] You know, it's pretty simple. Path number two, comparatively, I view it as a far easier path. And again, we leave it up to the client. Like, we make both paths clear for which path they want to go down, but we make sure they understand both paths. We typically find that with path number two, we're getting more preferential CPM costs. We're also seeing more longevity out of the campaigns. That was actually the most interesting part of the whole thing. Initially, when Andromeda dropped with the 50 a week, that's like ad fatigue on steroids. It didn't necessarily matter the level of spend you were at. I want to be fair and saying like even at smaller levels of spend, we still had to commit to a large volume of creatives to get this to work. However, anyway, I digress. The point I'm trying to make is very simple. high levels of spend, low levels of spend. It took this commitment, but 50 a week, it was ripping through them. Again, it was like antibiotics. When a disease becomes immune to it, grows stronger and harder to kill. That's kind of what this represented. Okay? It was like ad fatigue on steroids comparatively. Path two with the diversified messaging throughout 15 unique ads. That worked far better. It lasted longer. We had cheaper cost per results at similar levels of spend with less creative, less time in the accounts, less total relaunches in the accounts from relaunching campaigns. Path two was just a more preferential path, but again, both technically worked. Here's the moral of the story, and there's a lot to this that I'm not discussing here. I can't stress that enough. As any of you know who have been on this channel time and time again, I'm very transparent about this. I am not one of those guys that tells you literally everything that there is to know. I bait you. I edge you. I give you as much as I possibly can to help you go out there and get some results, but I withhold a tremendous amount of information. And this is one of those that I want to make extremely clear. There is a lot of additional information that I could sit here and talk about as an example of what we did in the inner circle and also what we provided to our master internet marketing community. Links for both of those down in the description. I articulated with literal ad examples with ad scripts. I showed them a specific LLM that we're using to help create those well diversified ad scripts. We put a training video together to make sure that the people were educated and aware about what to do. But we also put together that SOP, very extensive SOP to be able to read through, of course, but to also be able to use inside of the LLM that you're that you're choosing to use here to help with the ad messaging diversity and literally write the scripts for you to make it super simple. There's also some very specific nuances of this Andromeda update that again I'm not sitting here and just going through in depth or at length with you due to the fact that you're on YouTube and it's free. So again, can't stress it enough. Check the links down in the description. Join into one of those programs. The inner circle is great for rich people who want to get far richer. Master Internet Marketing is a great place to go when you want to learn marketing inepth. Very extensive class. And we actually just are in the middle of right now actually I think while this video drops our fifth cohort typically on an annual basis we redo majority of the class update it with fresh content load it up with more SOPs and again right now actually while we sit here and film this we are currently in the middle of the fifth iteration of this class. So join into it. You'll get immediate access. You can join in with us while we're sitting here doing it live. or again, if you're watching this video at a later date and you're just catching up on this information, get immediate access to all the past recordings of the classes, access to the community for that. And you also are going to get access to all future cohorts that we ever do without an additional cost. It's a very great set of value for you there. But anyway, back to this point I'm trying to make is you really have to study this, okay? You really do. It makes a significant difference to your success. So, go to the Meta Engineering site, read through this update on Meta Andromeda. Again, here's what it looks like so you can search for it specifically. Go out of your way and make sure you understand this. Also, read the Facebook newsroom version of talking about Andromeda so you can see it in more simple language. This explains at length why they did it and it's very simple to understand. To be clear, this is like the executive summary version about why they made this change to the creative algorithm recommendation process. This is the new first step in the recommendation process. Due to what generative AI has done to ad creatives, it's enabled them with those advantage enhancements on the ad level to create thousands of variations. So, here's the good news for certain niches. If you're in ecom and you just use like product photos, pretty basic image ads, all of the generative AI tools with the advantage enhancements on the ad level of Meta are all at your disposal to make doing this super easy. You really shouldn't have a bad time if you're leveraging those. But here's the downside. They add super whack music to it if you use an image ad. They do weird things. I mean, listen, it's new. I I'm pretty sure I saw Zuckerberg on a podcast talk about their [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] vibe coding over there. Most of this stuff. So, simply put, it doesn't always come out looking good. Like, most of the generative image that's that they create for service-based businesses, for high ticket product, high ticket service info businesses as examples, most of those look like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] with the advantage enhancements. And so that requires you in that example to actually commit either an in-house or potentially a creative agency to help churn out this amount of content that's now required. So they needed relative to the quantity of ads that were in existence. Now the total combination of creatives that were getting launched at Facebook were extremely high. If I'm not mistaken, I believe at one point they said that there were 10,000 times more ad creatives than there had ever been in the past once generative AI had released. And as a result of that, they needed to literally and totally rework their advertising ad recommendation process. The creative recommendation process, specifically the first step is now Andromeda. And again, the whole intention of that was to handle the completely overwhelming amount of total ad creatives that were being thrown at it. So here's what we found, and I'll leave you with this little tidbit because I think this is extremely valuable to understand. Historically, majority hooks mattered the most. Okay? So historically, what I would generally encourage is that you find the hook that resonates with the most people. Therefore, you can make the most by picking a specific set of messaging that has the most response compared to the smaller hooks. And generally, you would have, you know, a second order hook and then you typically have a bunch of small hooks after that that just have less and less total reach and impact. What we found with the Andromeda update, and this is really simple to understand this part. The reason that these small hooks specifically matter so much more than they used to, is because Andromeda prefers and does an extremely good job at matching very tiny niche hooks and messaging with the person who's most probable to respond to it. That was the historical promise of dynamic ads. There's that little toggle on the ad level that I'm sure we're all familiar with that says optimize creative for each person. the logic of that little toggle when you leverage dynamic creative or flexible ads, give or take what your account calls it, you would have an opportunity when using that to have whatever combination of creative that you loaded into it, the body copy, the headlines, the images or videos to be combined in a specific way for that individual, which again, that's technically the promise it fulfilled. butt, and this is a big butt, you'd still see one of those hooks that's loaded within the dynamic creative dominate and it would typically show up again and again and again and again. And no matter what other hooks you tested against it, you'd typically see that majority hook be dominant. Now, I want to be clear when I say this, that technically still happens in this new paradigm with Andromeda factored in. You still typically see one of the hooks get a dominant amount of the reach. But the craziest part is it's the most small and minor hooks that historically have had like next to no relevance. It's almost like what we're seeing is there's these little pocket audiences where there's a small tiny hook that again historically wouldn't really pull a lot of weight that's pulling all the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] weight right now. And it drills down into that pocket audience so aggressively. And once it starts getting a lackluster response from that little pocket audience, it pivots away from it and goes to one of the other diverse messaging ads that you've uploaded into it. And so we're seeing like a very clear rotation in what specific creative is being leveraged. We generally still see a a similar theme across all the different targeting that we're doing. Whether it's warm audiences, broad interest stacks, lookalikes, special ad categories, we're still seeing a pretty dominant hook end up getting most of the reach, whether it's dynamic ads or individual ads. But again, with with enough time passing, we're actually seeing, and this is very interesting, more longevity out of the path to the 15 diverse ad path of action because when that hook fatigues, it just rotates to one of these other like, and again, it's it's generally not the majority hook. It's not even the second order hook. It's like the tiniest little [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] hook that you'll be surprised you even have working for you. That's bringing in very qualified people, bringing in people ready to show up and buy. Very important you still pair it with all the back-end selling systems that we teach on this channel to help with show rates and close rates and shortening sales cycles and increasing PIFFs. We're also, believe it or not, actually seeing a huge uptick in content consumption out of all things inside of our hammer them campaigns, inside of our other content cycle bins as they relate to all these other content ad strategies. It is at first very intimidating as an advertising algorithm update due to the fact this was one of the first ones in a very long time that updated the creative recommendation process. Again, this fully replaced the first step in the ad creative recommendation process. It's been a long time since that's happened. So, everybody was kind of caught off guard by this and due to the fact they announced it in April, like some people got [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] by this between April and July, but everybody got [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] by it in July because that's when they very clearly rolled it out to every account. So, can't stress it enough. At first, it's going to seem like, "Wow, this kind of sucks." But after you actually overcome the hump, you implement either path one or path two, and you truly commit to one or the other on an ongoing basis, the longevity of the campaigns when you take path two is far greater than what it was pre-Adromeda update. The ability to just see tiny little hooks feels a lot better to watch them perform comparatively to only having like one dominant hook. It's really cool to see a bunch of small stuff that didn't mean anything historically get some [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] life for once, you know? And if you take path one, technically it's just more effort than what it was previously. And I can fully understand if you committed to path one, you know, it would be a rather exhausting algo update because again, it'll normalize. It'll habitualize as time goes. You'll be fine, you know, but at first it's a little more daunting if you choose to take path one and don't commit to the diversity that's necessary. So anyway, just to reiterate, I cover this at length. I can't stress that enough at length with plenty of examples, details, further insights inside of both of the programs, the inner circle and/or master internet marketing. Links for that down in the description. Either way though, subscribe to the channel. This is one of those more unique videos on this page where I'm able to talk about a specific advertising algorithm update. Almost every video on my channel is generally geared, optimized, and meant for people that are already at a couple hundredk a month, couple million a month, and just trying to tack on their first mill a month or the next mill a month. No earnings claims, no income potential by watching any singular video on my page for that matter. The odds of ever hitting a million a month are like 0 something 1%. Very low odds. Can't stress that enough. But moral of the story, all my videos on this page are very helpful for you if that's the journey that you're committed to. Anyway, go out there and make some money.

  Top Comments:
  1. @myppcman [6 likes]: Love that smaller hooks finally have life. Makes testing feel more worthwhile.
  2. @Achievly [4 likes]: so to be clear, we create 15 videos using 15 different angles and then load them all into a single Advantage+ Sales campaign?
  3. @KerryHTX [3 likes]: For marketing departments with maybe one or two people dedicated to content creation and digital marketing, Meta's process creates more work for those departments, increases their costs, and adds more roadbumps to achieve an end result they were used to getting before. If their platform performance degrades, they will seek out substitutions. We're not talking companies who have the luxury of promoting a few products, but services and products with limited time schedules. As an advertiser, if I have to jump through additional hoops, I'll go play another game.
  4. @nashnolanofficial [1 likes]: Jeremy confirmed edger 10:04
  5. @JeremyHaynesTraining: Join The Inner Circle 👉 https://dmmguide.com/inner-circle 

Get A FREE Week Of My Master Internet Marketing Program 👉 https://masterinternetmarketing.com/membership-area/d9d5bd1a45e
  6. @kelly-monique6983: So it seems like the algorithm changed so that people don't get tired of seeing the same old ads?
  7. @NihalBhatti-fm5cg: 50? CREATIVES 😬
  8. @nasrodineelghalbzouri4849: In a Sales campaign with Advantage+ Audience, Meta allows us to add both MANUAL ads (single image, video, etc.) and a DYNAMIC CATALOG CAROUSEL at the ad level. Do you recommend mixing them in one campaign, or is it better to separate them into different campaign? I’m selling premium teak furniture and trying to follow the best setup based on how Meta now optimizes.
  9. @trackingconsulting: The Andromeda update is driving ad costs up fast. What many miss is that broken tracking makes it even worse. Fixing event accuracy with pixel and CAPI, plus validating server-side, can protect ROI and keep campaigns profitable.
  10. @marquiburus: Does this mean you need to have dif landing pages to align with the dif ad angles as well? Cause 15 landing pages that are constantly being updated is hectic work, especially when you have multiple clients
  11. @GavinTarver: Would a CBO camp with 5 ad sets with 3 ads in each work?
  12. @kunal222: What’s the cost for the master community , I kept scrolling and could not see it
  13. @codyrhinehart8990: Is it best to upload those 15 ads into a dynamic creative/flex ad or create them all individually?
  14. @mkndigital: i think the second approach is much.. much better.

From my experience 50 creatives is crazy unless you got a massive budget though from my experience giving more meta more time to learn into less creatives is still much better. 50 creatives a week is spreading your budget too thin imo even if you're spending 100k-500k a month...
  15. @techbengali5741: Thanks you Hindi language ❤❤❤
  16. @thisFaisalgulzar: i think its a great update when you buy anything like shoes you get more ads on shoes which you dont need and wont buy now they will show you ads of socks etc i think its a great update
  17. @thatsjssounds: Fuckin AI garbage
  18. @gabrieel_trader: great content
  19. @Jacobandrewgarcia: The music is super wack with the Advantage Enhancements right now 😅
  20. @PSMBrokerage: So, with that much creative - Are you using one ad set and letting Meta decide when to use which ad? Different Ad Sets for each ad making them independent? Maybe 3 Ad sets, 1 each for Carousel, Video and Static Image? Thanks, love the content.

- I Spent $20k Testing META Andromeda So You Don't Have To (Here's What Works): Kind: captions Language: en If you feel like you've been battling with Facebook over the last few months to get consistently performing ads, then this video is most likely going to help. As some of you may have seen, Facebook recently released their Andromeda update, and it's possibly one of the biggest updates they've ever released and has a huge impact on how you structure and design your Facebook ads. And I've obviously seen a bunch of videos on YouTube talking about this, but a lot of them come from the perspective of high budget campaigns or e-commerce campaigns. And so, in this video, I'm going to talk specifically about how this applies to lead generation ads. So, if you're running ads for clients or yourselves and you're doing primarily lead genen ads and local ads, this is going to be the video that you're going to watch. So, grab a coffee, sit back, and enjoy the video. Let's crack on. So, firstly, here's what happened behind the scenes. According to Meta's own blog, which was published in December 2024, so nearly a year ago now, Meta was literally drowning in ads. We're talking tens of millions of published ads every single day. And the algorithm just could not keep up with that volume. So, what they did is they partnered with Nvidia. Nvidia being the AI company that we all know, the technology and AI company. And according to Nvidia's own press release, which I will link in the description box underneath this video, they built a completely new system and called that system Andromeda. So, this isn't just an update. This is a completely rebuilt AI system when it comes to optimizing your ads. And this gave Meta over 10,000 times the computing power that they had before. And Meta's engineering team has explained there's a four-step process to this Andromeda update. So, that is what we're going to cover in this video. And those four stages are retrieval, light ranking, final scoring, and auction. But the real game changer is in step one. Meta has stated that the old system looked at ads one by one. But the way Andromeda does it now is it groups similar ads together and instead it's prioritizing creative diversity. So what that means is if you're running the same ad with five different hooks, there's a good chance that they're all getting lumped together. And that means that you might not actually be targeting those different user bases that you think you are by just switching out your hook. So let's take a look at my screen here. So what I've done is I've got all of my different pain points in the exact process that I normally go through and I've figured out kind of what are the core pain points that trigger users to purchase this product. And this product is internal lifts company, right? What I would normally do is I would take each of those problems and I would create a different hook and then I would attach those different hooks. So it's quite often the same video ad script. But the way I'm changing that now is instead of having the same video ad script, what I'm actually doing is I'm creating a brand new script for each one of these hooks and each one of those scripts is more or less focused around that one core problem or painoint. So yes, it's a little bit more work, but you only have to go through this process in the initial stages to understand which hooks are generating you the most leads and then from there you can create more variations with those same script. So how do you actually create that creative diversity that we're looking for? Well, there's three core ways of doing this. Number one, you have format diversity. So that is for example using video ads, using static ads, using carousels and other variations such as gifts and short animated videos to portray the same hook or pain point that you have in your original creative. The second thing is angle diversity. So that is scripting your ads to appeal to completely different personas, different pain points and different solutions. And the last one is concept versus variation. So how do we actually create this diversity that we need? There's two main ways. The first one is obviously format diversity. So that is the format in which you relay that information. That could be a static image with a long copy. It could be GIF ads. It could be talking head ads. It could be voiceovers. It could be textbased video ads. There's all sorts of ways that you can actually format things differently. And the second one is angle diversity. So that is actually scripting your ads to appeal to completely different personas. So if we go back to our scripts, we can see that. So for example, with the product that we're talking about, this is internal lift company. This has multiple different personas. One persona might be, for example, somebody buying it for themselves. Maybe they're getting older and they want to install a lift so they can stay within a home. And a second persona might be someone purchasing it or controlling that purchase for an elderly relative. So those are two completely different personas. If we look at this one for example, danger of stress using the stairs. I've written a script here which starts with falls on stairs sends over 250,000 Brits to A&E every year most of them in their own homes. If you or loved one grips the rail every time you climb the stairs gambling with your safety. So that's you know very much focused around kind of you know danger stress and it's a little bit kind of fear induced and pain induced right but this one for example is barrier to caring for loved ones. So for example helping a loved one upstairs shouldn't feel like risking both your safety for many carers the stairs are the most stressful part of the day. So the angle the persona is actually very different although it's the same painoint the persona that we're appearing to is actually extremely different. Right. And then finally we've got space or layout limitations. So essentially people purchasing it for luxury reasons. Right. So this hook is think your home's too small for a lift, think again. But then alternatively to those two scripts, we might create a script which is focused around people installing lifts for luxury purposes, right? And that might be a completely different persona as somebody who's purchasing it, you know, for accessibility reasons. And this applies to pretty much any product. And so I'll link one of my previous videos down below where I kind of go through my hook testing process. And I like to do things just like scraping Google reviews to try and find those different pain points and personas. And so quite easily with a product you can find, you know, five to six different pain points which you can use to generate hooks. And with each one of those hooks, you can write an individual script. You can take that script and you can apply that script in completely different formats. So I'm going to play a few seconds or a few different types of formats just to give you some ideas. So this one right here that I'm going to show you, this is a voice overbased video ad. There's actually no talking head at all. And these voiceovers were generated using AI. Thinking about upgrading your home? Before you spend a single pound on upgrades, come to the one place where you can see, touch, and test it all in real life. So, that's one format. Another format might be something similar to this one right here. Again, you could take the exact same script and use it in a textbased format like this. Another format might be something like this. If you can't turn your neck without sharp pain, watch this film. Chronic back pain doesn't just hurt your body. It steals your life. If you can't sleep properly, if you're avoiding doing the things that you love if you're constantly worried about when the next flare up is going to hit. So, as you can see, there is an unlimited amount of variations that you could create, right? Not only can you create these variations with your video ads specifically. So, for example, if we take this image ad that I created from one of my Canva templates, which is inside of my private community, you can see that I'm using the hook, which is that homeowners save up to 30K on moving costs. That's a strong hook and that's kind of related to people moving for accessibility reasons, so downsizing their homes. And so obviously what I can do here is I can match this image up with a longer form ad primary text and you know that's kind of using the same hooks and angles as the video script might use, right? This is a different completely different creative format. And so what Facebook is basically telling us is rather than how we might normally split test our adsets and we might kind of have different angles in different adsets and you know test multiple variations at the same time. They're basically telling us they want us to combine these into one adset. And I know some of you guys might be thinking that's quite scary as a concept because as advertisers we like to have some creative control. And I've been experimenting with both of these. I've been running ad accounts where I split ads set down by different angles and I might have for example one up to three ads in one adset and I'm basically forcing Facebook to split test my ads for me. And I've also been testing it where I just throw them all within the same campaign, the same adset. I leave everything as relatively broad and I also leave Advantage Plus on and I have all of my ads stuffed into one adset and I let Facebook rip basically the Chad style of advertising, right? And I'll tell you the difference that I found. I tend to find that when I combine things together, I'm getting more longevity within my ad accounts. I have to it's less hassle. I have to make less changes and in some instances, I'm actually finding the results to be better. However, what I am finding is Facebook is still sometimes finding it quite challenging to actually optimize my budget effectively. So, what this effectively means if I try and explain this in diagram format, if I for example given my campaign a $100 per day budget on a CBO, right? So, for example, if we explain this in a diagram format, if I'm giving a campaign $100 per day of ad budget and let's say I've got five ads, what I will quite often find is 70 bucks gets spent on one singular ad and maybe the ad gets one lead. Another ad gets $10 spent and one lead has come through that ad. So, in my head, I'm thinking, well, why is Facebook giving all of my budget to this ad when this ad is quite clearly outperforming that one, even still with it being a relatively light and small budget? And that's because the algorithm isn't just based on leads. The algorithm is based on lots of different variables, right? If people are engaging with one ad more than the other, if they're clicking on it more regularly, it doesn't necessarily mean it's going to generate leads, but it can quite often signify to Facebook that more budget is being spent. So the general rule of thumb, if you're going to be applying this Andromeda update and you're going to start what they call consolidating more of your ads into the same campaign and adset, my general rule of thumb is to check this every 2 to 3 days. Okay? And my general rule is I set myself a target cost per lead, right? And my target cost per lead might be, for example, $30. Okay? And you might not know what your target cost per lead is. So you might need to experiment a little bit so you can kind of see what is possible within your ad campaigns. So if your target is $30 and you've had an ad that's spent over $30, you've had no leads, and your CTR is looking bad. My general rule of thumb is if your CTR is below 0.8%, 8% I might turn that ad off and let that budget get redistributed amongst my other ads that are active within the same adset. If my target cost per lead was $30 and my ad has spent $30 but my CTR is north of8% and even north of 1% I will let that ad spend up to two times my target CPL before I'm turning it off. And if you are on top of this and you are essentially optimizing within your adset, you want to make sure that you're also replacing ads that get switched off. So that means having a reserved team of ads down here that we can lean on. If you know we pause two ads, we can then move two ads into our campaign and we can essentially replace the ads that got paused. You want to make sure that you have a good volume of ads and created diversity. And my general rule for this is and again this is my rule and it might be different for other people advertising on the platform. My general rule is for every $50 of ad spend you probably want to have five active ads. So that's basically one ad for every $10 per day of budget. Again, if you're spending $1,000 per day, you're probably not going to have a 100 ads, but you kind of get the point. Up to, you know, up to maybe a $100 to $200 per day. I tend to have maybe one ad for every $10 to $20 of ad spend. Okay? And that's just giving at least in the initial stages to give Facebook some create creative diversity so that they can do more testing and kind of figure out what is working. Another important thing to mention is that Facebook has stated that some ads might be acting more as top offunnel ads. That means that is the first ad that is kind of bringing them into your advertising network by kind of getting them to know your brand. And some ads might be acting as more middle or bottom of funnel campaign. So for example, if you've got static image ads, people might be seeing the video ads first and then seeing the static image ads second and therefore the video ads for example might not have the best cost per lead, but it might be bringing users into your but it might be connecting users with your brand so they later are converting with those static ads. One of the biggest Andromeda updates is kind of this kind of movement away from structured audiences and retargeting and allowing more of the AI to control that within one campaign and one ad. So that means if we're talking from top to bottom of the funnel, so for example, top of the funnel being very very cold, maybe less qualified audiences and bottom of the funnel being more qualified kind of more ready to buy audiences. Obviously your language and the way that you connect with those people is going to be slightly different. You can have ads that are in all both of the all of these different uh audience segments in the same ad set and Facebook will kind of like figure out for you where those ads sit within the matrix and it will kind of like feed them to the user at the right stage. Again, this is all what Facebook is telling us. I still recommend that you set up good audience segmentation. You do use retargeting effectively because it's still worth setting that up and doing that. Okay. And if you're kind of confused as to what those different levels mean, here's my general rule of thumb. top ofunnel users or cold users, you want to use value based content, problem solution and persona based stuff. And primarily I'm using 30 to 60-second video ads or longer copy formats for those. Middle of funnel is more direct callout based ads. For example, ads like this where I'm directly calling out the problem and giving them my offer directly within that static image ad as opposed to it being more kind of like pain, problem, solution, and education which I would include both of those variables in your cold campaign. So that means whereas before I might have had just like you know 30 to 60second video ads top of funnel I'm now starting to introduce more variations in terms of the the directness of those ads but making sure that I have creative diversity and angle diversity within those. So a good blend of all of them is really important to make sure that you're optimizing for the Andromeda update. And the final main point is the movement away from interestbased targeting. Obviously, we've seen this change over the last three to five years with Meta, where we used to be a lot more specific with the types of users we're targeting. Meta is having a big push towards more broad audiences, leaving that advantage plus audience option toggled on and giving Facebook more control. And essentially, the way that we're targeting our ideal users, something I've been saying for over a year, is all done with your angles and your creative, and it's not done with the interests and the audiences that you're setting up. So that might be if you're using interestbased targeting, try moving away from interest based targeting. Even if your product is super specific, super niche, make sure you're calling those problems and calling those users out in the first 3 seconds of your video or in the on your image ads or on the topline of your copy, make sure you're using that to call those specific users out. Facebook is saying they're going to figure out how to target those people for you. So do not worry. This movement towards angle and hookbased targeting as opposed to inspace targeting is one of the biggest updates with this Andromeda stuff. And that is what I'm noticing across the board. And this also helps to generate better quality leads. Right? If you're targeting specific personas by their pain points that they're having, you're going to bring people into your funnel who have those specific problems. And they're going to be a lot more qualified as opposed to just interests and offers and stuff like that. It's going to work a lot better in generating a higher quality of user. So, let's do a quick summarization. Step one, make sure you're auditing your current ads. Try to group those ads together if you can and try and consolidate them into as minimal ad sets and campaigns as you possibly can. Number two, look for your best performers. Create format variations of those best performers. So, if you've got a particular painoint which is working very well as a video, turn that into a long copy variation. Turn that into a completely different video style, but using the same script as you originally use. Keep it in the same adset, chuck it in, add more variations, and you'll be on to a winner. Number three, continue creating those persona based angles. Do your product research, your review scraping, use AI. Make sure that you are actively playing on pain points that your potential customers are having. Number four, restructure your campaigns. Try and consolidate those campaigns into as minimal ad sets and campaigns as you possibly can. And keep an eye on those performers and indicators. Make sure that you are optimizing as you go. But equally, make sure you're not doing too much. If you've got some ads that, for example, are performing reasonably well, but not necessarily like setting the world light, leave those ads running because they might be supplementing other ad campaigns. Of course, if you've got ads that are completely and utterly, you performing horribly and sucking up your budget, of course, turn those ads off. If you've got some ads that you feel like might be supplementing others and they're bringing leads in at maybe like 20 10 20 30% over your target CPL, if your overall CPL is looking good, you can leave those ads on. And finally, try launching your ads in batches. So, for example, rather than launching one ad at a time, turning it off, and choosing another ad, and choosing another ad, choosing another ad. Try starting with five to 10 ad creatives, chucking them all into an adset, and running them in batches. And what you can do is you can create ads in batches. So once you figure out ones that don't work, you can pause them off and you can introduce a new batch of ad creatives. My biggest takeaway from this is just add variants. Like if you've got ideas, test those ideas, test those formats. Having as many creatives as possible is going to help you, especially with this new Adama update. And finally, if you want to learn how to apply this stuff and you want to get access to me directly, you want to get access to my full meta ads breakdown course which includes everything from start to finish as well as a 15 module creative ads course and also get access to four plus weekly coaching calls directly with myself. I will leave a link down below to my local ads accelerator where you can do exactly that. And we have over 100 plus advertisers and marketing agency owners in there absolutely crushing it. For example, Carlos, who just crossed $27,000 per month for his advertising agency by applying principles taken from this community. Axel, who's doing over $10,000 per month with one particular niche, just delivering Facebook ads. And Azan, who applied some of the ad strategies and his clients closed over $24,000 worth of deals in one week from directly taken from the Facebook ads principles taught in the course. So, if you're interested in learning more about that, click the link down below, find a little bit more. Otherwise, make sure you like the video, subscribe to the channel so you don't miss future uploads, and I'll see you guys in the next

  Top Comments:
  1. @KarmaKattt [4 likes]: One thing I’ve noticed with this new structure is when you add a new Ad Set to your campaign it starts getting sales fast.
  2. @Bridgestemtutor [4 likes]: Hey Sam! Great video! 2 questions 

1) I notice when launching new ads in the same adset, FB still tends to spend on the unpaused “winning” ads. What would you recommend in this case?

2) I notice that after 5 days, ad results completely drop off even with the winners and new creatives. Do you ever recommend just duplicating the adset and refreshing or will that just kill optimization in the long run? 

Thanks a ton!!
  3. @fiword [2 likes]: You're one of the purest ppl I've ever seen, thanks for all of the time n effort you're giving here, appreciate it fr!!
  4. @SeanOHara-z4r [1 likes]: So have you completely shifted to this new structure? My clients' monthly ad budget is less than £1k so I'm not sure how I'll be able to create so many ads without spreading the budget too thin.
  5. @sandraortiz8000 [1 likes]: ❤ Gracias
  6. @revenger6 [1 likes]: Hi mate, are you able to share your Sheet to copy? Im not the smartest with excel 😅
  7. @yongu12 [1 likes]: Yeah and this way if u have ugc and 5 statics in 1 adset, the ugc eats 90% of budget.
  8. @evanluis8132 [1 likes]: Great video man! With this new update I'm curious if you still separate testing and scaling campaigns?
  9. @hypogaming7986 [1 likes]: Hey bro so I run ads in franchising niche 

And the thing is when I am running broad adset I am getting leads who are not qualified because they need to have good amount of buget to make an investment
  10. @Leads_Sales_Life: catching up to this now. great video.
  11. @jackroberts9557: I've watched a lot of videos explaining the new updates. This video was by far the best breakdown. Cheers mate.
  12. @DennisvanderHeijden1: How to you match landing pages to all these creatives? I assume each hook/concept needs a matching LP right? Seems also tons of work on that side/site
  13. @Entrepryze: Nice video, keep it up , where should I contact you for a potential sponsorship?
  14. @danielgonzalez6149: Are there any videos on your channel explaining how to use AI to find painpoints for my clients customers?
  15. @LazeNex01: Great content. I have a question, though. In your video, you say, "I still recommend setting up good audience segmentation and using retargeting effectively, so it's still worth setting up." But then you end by saying, "No longer targeting based on interests." So, do you actually set up audiences?
  16. @ganesh-td6jr: so personas in one ADSEts along with full funnel ads, or different Adsets per persona with full funnel Adsets
  17. @swaggy745: If I run one ad campaign with one adset, I can't test new ads since the budget all goes to the old ads, even though it's performance is dropping with fatigue. Do I need a separate testing campaign?
  18. @Rahuljaiswal7305: Hey I watched your videos really great content, I had this one question I recently followed Andromeda update in running ads for a pressure washing business, budget 30$ a day and it was a instant form lead ad

And I ran 1 campaign 1 adset and 6 ad creative. 2 really good voice over video ads following (hook + story + offer + urgency) and 1 carrousal and 2 image and 1 short reel (Average) meta decided to push all the spent on carrousal and short reel ad and 40$ is spent and I have nit got any leads, and I have paused the campaign, can you suggest me what I should do? And also if messanger lead ads are good if I setup AI messanger bit for qualfication I have ghl? Not sure how to get this client results, any suggestion would be really helpful, you want to see my ads? And Ad results matrics, I can share drive link?
  19. @DailyclipsForyou16: bro how can I join your paid community

- Meta Andromeda Campaign Results 🔥 | Meta Ads 2026: Kind: captions Language: en Hello guys, in last video I showed you that how you can run campaign according to the meta androme meta and I ran this campaign for a desert safari business. So now I will show you the result after 3 months. So here you can see we spend 8,536 theum and we got 926 messages and this shows that we got very good result because we ran this campaign for a long period. So we got the average cost per message is 9.92. And now I will show you my adset and ads. So here you will see our adset. I click on edit. Here you can see business everything my targeting languages and everything is here. Let me show you the suggestions. I only put broad radius and I show you my ads like this one was add one, add two, add three, add four, add five. And let me show you the performance of these ads. Like this ad didn't perform good. Like we spent around 91 dirhams on that. I show you the another one. We spent 52 dirhams. Uh we spent most of the money on this side. Let me show you that why it spend a lot of money on that. Here I came here. So in add you can see I have the add related media in this. So that's why it's performing really good like I just click here edit as you can see here in this ad there were ad versions. So that's why we just got huge number of result from this campaign. This was our one of the successful campaign after meta and meta update. So I hope you like this setup and if you want to learn meta andromeda and meta ads please let me know and I will make a complete course on it. Thank you so much.

  Top Comments:
  1. @SyedJafarAbbas-n7k: Brother in ad 3 you uploaded 8 different creatives while the same creatives were in the 6 different ads 
like you let meta choose which creative to advertise ?

- *UPDATED* The New Meta Andromeda Update: Kind: captions Language: en Hey everyone, welcome to the video. In this video, we are going to talk about the new Meta Andromeda update. This is a newly made update by Meta, previously known as Facebook. And this has a huge impact on us advertisers, those who run campaigns on Meta. Now, I'm going to cover a lot of things in this video, so make sure you watch the whole thing because by the end you will understand what's going on in the back end of Meta and how you need to change how you advertise in meta. So, without further ado, let's get started. What actually has changed? Let's talk about that first. So primarily looking at this scenario, two things have changed. First of all, Meta's way of delivering our ads. How Meta uses AI technology to deliver our ads to the right audience that actually has changed in this update. Secondly, because of this process, because of how Meta has changed, how they deliver our ads, our process of creating ads, our process of creating campaigns have changed as well. Now, I don't know if you've noticed, but people are seeing more relevant ads lately on Facebook and Instagram. And at the same time, this is just for us advertisers, meta is taken away, a lot of targeting options because when you don't have interestbased targeting anymore, when interest based targeting is not working, when exclusion is not there, loads of other targeting options are vanishing every day. These two statements actually oppose each other because if people are seeing more relevant ads, then that must mean that I get to do a lot more targeting on meta, right? And that's not true because the more relevant ads people keep seeing on Meta, the more we see that our targeting options are gone. But how is that possible? And that is possible because Meta is taking over responsibility to find the best audience for us. And how does Meta do that? Meta does that by looking at our creatives, looking at our ad images, our videos, our headlines, our descriptions, our ad copies, looking at everything and then using AI technology to decide what would be the best audience, what would be the best person for our ad who has the highest chance of converting after seeing my ad. And this is where Andromeda comes in. This is what the update is all about. The Andromeda update, theoretically speaking about it, is a combination of updates on the software side and the hardware side in meta. So the software is basically the AI algorithm or the AI technology where the hardware is if you are familiar with AI technology or if you know how AI technology works basically any AI algorithm needs to run on a GPU and a GPU is basically a graphics processing unit. So what Meta has done is they collaborated with Nvidia and they're using Gracehopper chips which are these super massive super efficient graphics processing unit and they're now running their AI algorithm on Nvidia Gracehopper chips now which make the process of delivering or process of retrieving super efficient because they have collaborated with a higher power GPU now to run their AI algorithm that basically serves our ads. The Andromeda update or the Andromeda can filter out the right ads for the right person from millions of ad candidates in very short amount of time. And that's basically the change and that's basically the update from a user point of view. Think about it. You're browsing Facebook and you may need a lot of things and there's millions of things that you can see an ad for, but Andromeda has the data, has the learning to decide what will be the right ad for you so you have the highest chance of converting. Think about it. This this makes a huge difference because if Andromeda can make this decision what's the right ad for you so you have the highest chance of converting in a very short amount of time. It basically goes through millions of ad candidates in a very short amount of time and that's basically it. Hey everyone, just wanted to take a quick moment to share my school community where if you join you get to ask me questions about issues you're facing on go high level ads automation AI. You can also be a part of the weekly coaching sessions where I conduct training on many different topics and we do a Q&A session after that. Besides, you get free access to a lot of my courses that I'm not uploading on YouTube anymore. Some of them you can already see on the screen. Also, there are members only discounts. So, if you join, you get 50% off on my courses, my snapshots, my funnels, everything. That's pretty much what I want to share. See you on the other side. Now, let's talk about retrieval. Retrieval is basically the process of showing the right ads to the right audience. And if you think about it again, go back to that example. A person browsing Facebook or Instagram, he may need million things. So there's tons of things that he could see ads for. But the retrieval process basically finds the right ad for that time for that person. And it basically solves this problem. Which ad is suitable for which individual in which version? Which ad basically means which service or product ad? Which individual means the the person? Which version means is it an image? Is it a video? Is it a carrier? So meta andromeda or just say meta has the data on each person, each individual on which type of ad he or she likes. And this process can take ages for any standard linear algorithm. It may take ages for them to find out because there's millions of data, millions of people running ads. But this process is 100 times faster than the old method. And this has become possible because Meta has collaborated with Nvidia and they're running their algorithm on Gracehopper chips. Now that's basically the update. This is basically the retrieval process. We don't have to go into the detail and this is something I found in the official documentation. I'm just showing you this for reference, but I will also link that Meta's official documentation in this video's description so you can find it out as well. This is basically the new retrieval process. As you can see, Meta has joined forces with Nvidia and this is how they retrieve our ads now for the right person in the right time. What are the factors that Meta uses to decide whether it's a right audience? Now, if you are running a campaign, how does Meta find you the right audience? Meta finds the right audience based on these few things past ad interaction. So, if a person has interacted with Meta ads before, Meta has that data. So, Meta knows what type of ad this person likes. Meta knows does this person like an image or a video or a carrier soap or does this person like seeing ads in story reels or in newsfeed or in the sidebar in the right side on the left side meta has that information meta browsing history so if a person using Facebook Instagram meta knows what this person likes meta knows what this person doesn't like demographics age gender location all that stuff makes difference information they have provided to Meta so when they're opening an Instagram profile or Facebook profile or Facebook page Meta has information that they've provided when creating those or when someone updates their profile, when someone puts a status, when someone puts a story, Meta has all those information and based on this meta finds you the right audience. One more important thing in this Andromeda update is Andromeda is able to serve meaningful ads. Which means if you have noticed in the past when you interacted with a specific ad, let's say a laptop ad, you saw a laptop ad and then you clicked on it, maybe you just saw a video of a laptop ad. What used to happen in the past is you would see more laptop ads in the next few days. Or as you keep browsing Facebook and Instagram, you would see more ads for a laptop. But now, let's say you interact with a laptop ad. Let's say you watch a laptop ad video and you click on it and purchase a laptop. Metaft somehow finds it. Now, what's going to happen is in the next few days, you will see ads or laptop bags or portable hard drives or wireless mouse whatever is the next step. So it basically creates a dynamic customer journey and that's possible because of Andromeda. Andromeda has that ability to find out what will be the right ad for the right time. How do we run ads now? So we know all these updates. Okay, we are totally aware now what has changed in Andromeda, how Andromeda delivers our ad to the right people. Now what do we need to do? We need to worry less about audience targeting. And this is something that I've been talking about for ages. We testing, audience targeting. We can still get very very good results with broad targeting. So as long as we are using advantage plus audience because of the new meta andromeda update, we now have a high chance of getting really good results with just broad targeting. Don't do any interest based targeting. Don't do local. Don't do retargeting. Just do a campaign under that. Just have a broad audience and make sure you have advantage plus on. So one campaign, one broad adset with advantage plus on and this is the difference between the old method and the new method because of Andromeda. Previously we used to have once we found our right audience which we don't need right now. Once we found our right audience we used to have three ads under one ad set and not more than that. Now it's the entire opposite thing because now we need 10 plus ads or we need at least maybe 10 ads to get the best ad. Now what needs to happen now is we need to use AI maybe Chad JBT or Claude or Gemini to generate more creatives, more headlines, more ad copies, more descriptions and we will look at how to do the new style of running campaigns. But the definition of winning ads have changed now. So what we used to call winning ad is the ad with the lowest cost per result, the highest reach, the highest impression, the highest CTR. people would see an ad and out of 100 people, let's say five people clicked and that's a 5% CTR. So those were definitions of a winning ad on Meta. But that's changed now because of these different types of combinations because you're doing lot more ads now and you'll be doing lot more combinations in the ads. The definition of winning has changed because any of these combinations, let's say a specific combination worked for someone, this same combination may not work for the other person. So, you need to keep doing more ads, you can't really just start off with 15 or 20 ads and then narrow it down to three or four. That's not how it's going to work. Because if you keep doing ads and in that ad you provide a lot more variations, let's say you do an image ad, but in that image ad you put five ad copies, you put five headlines, you put five descriptions, you use different types of images. What's going to happen is Meta is going to create permutations and combinations of different ads and then keep serving it to different people. And now because of that retrieval process, let's go back to the retrieval word. Retrieval basically makes it very fast to find the right audience using those combinations and permutations. If you do 10 ads and Meta creates variations of those 10 ads and make a thousand of them, it's really really quick for Meta to find the best combination among those thousands because of the retrieval process because of the Andromeda update. To sum up, the definition of winning ads have changed now because Metamax countless combinations of your ads. So, a combination may work for someone, but they may not work for others. And we will look at it in practical when we uh go to our ads manager shortly. Now, let's talk about the creative diversity. Obviously, we need to try more ads like 10 15 under one ad set. Previously, we used to do three or five, not more than that. I used to stick with three. Now, we need to do 10 to 15. Also, we need to keep an eye on the budget, so it doesn't spread too thin. Let's say we're spending £5 per adset and we have 15 ads under that. It's not going to work because Meta is going to create combinations and it it's really fast for Meta, but it still needs budget to serve, right? though you need to keep an eye on budget and it's really difficult for me to provide a specific number like an ideal budget for your adset because it depends on the service locations time and lots of stuff you can just make some calculations and say okay this is a budget that if I assign to my adset the ads are going to serve well try images etc because these are different types of variations and meta is going to create way more variations if you provide these and the most important thing is refresh creatives every one to two weeks replacing low performing ones with variations of winning ones. So if you have 10 ads running under one ad set within one or two weeks you'll find the ones that are working within uh one to two weeks you'll find the ones that are not working. So you basically need to replace those with the high performing ones or create variations of high performing ones and this is where AI comes in. In the official document of meta andromeda update they've clearly stated that the AI generated content will be prioritized. So Meta has basically motivated you to use AI to generate more ad creatives, more headlines, more ad copies. So we can just go ahead and do that now. Okay. Now we are on our ads manager, ads manager.fas.com. What we're going to do is create a campaign so I can show you what I meant when I said you need to do more creative diversity. So let's just create a campaign and we will say our objective is leads. We will hit continue. As soon as we do this, it will create a campaign for us. And we will say adset budget. It doesn't really make a difference because we will be doing one adset only. So if you do campaign budget that's totally fine but you can do adset budget as well. So we will go to the adset and then assign a budget. Let's say I usually start off with 35 to50 or sometimes $50 $60 a day. In this example I'll do £50 a day. And now let's go to our ad. So when creating our ad, we can still use lead forms. That's totally fine. Usually landing pages work better in terms of lead quality. But you can still stick with lead forms. As long as you have good qualification process in the forms like qualification questions, you should be getting good leads from there. So we will go to the ad creative section. Setup creative. Let's say we want to use an image ad. Let's say I want to use this image. Now we will hit next and we will select the right sizes. We can also do variations using Canva. So you can resize the square image to a vertical and horizontal as well. And then you can change those here. I'm not going to do that in this example just so you know you have the option to do that using Canva. If we do next here is where you get to do a lot more variations now. So this used to be in the past as well like this was already there but because of the Andromeda update this is way more important than before. So this is the first ad copy as you did the first ad copy which appears on top of the image you get to create another one. So this is add copy 2 and then you can create variations of these using chat GPT. I just provide a provide an ad copy and then say I want four more. So this is ad copy three. So you'll keep creating ad copies and I think they do five. So you you have the option to do five ad copies and that's it. And now same thing goes for headlines. So headline one and then as you do this headline two you can do up to five headlines. And what's going to happen now is because you're providing this many variations in one single ad and I'm not talking about dynamic creative or anything. I'm just doing this, right? Just just static image ads. So the image will be served to some people with the first ad copy, to some people with the second one, to some people with the third one, fourth one, fifth one. Same thing goes for headlines. So you can realize the amount of permutations and combinations meta can do. Someone can see the ad with ad copy one and headline one. Someone can see it with ad copy two and headline three. Someone can see it with ad copy five and headline one. It's pretty random and Meta has total control over it. And Meta will do these shuffles and permutations and combinations to find the best one for you and basically find the right audience. Same thing goes for description, by the way. And when you're done, you just hit next and done. And similar to this, you can create 10, 15, 20, however many ads you want under the same ad set and make sure you have enough budget to make sure these ads are serving. That's basically it for this video. Hopefully, you have better understanding of the meta and update. Let me know in the comments if you have any questions on this or if you want me to cover anything else regarding the Andromeda update or anything in general regarding highle meta or Google ads. So, with that being said, subscribe if you're new to the channel and I will see you in the next one. [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @ryanmccabe3293 [1 likes]: As someone who has only used video ads in the past with great success, I think this is prompting me to test all other placements and creative types.
  2. @shaikh.suffiyan [1 likes]: Your way of explaining is really good. It would be really amazing if I could afford your skool community right now with my salary I can't
  3. @ArtistSachinofficial: Hi Hasib, I would like to appreciate you for the simple straightforward explanation.
  4. @fareshoussem1855: U all saying the same thing.. Over and over.. This one campaign, one broad ad set and 10 or 20creatives.. I thibk this structure sucks.. Some ads take more budget and don't performers and some takes low budget and can performers but u never know.. And the results it's sucks with this AI... Bro u didn't give something new... What u did is already knows months ago
  5. @notizieprime: How to scale?
  6. @SleekHubOfficial: thanks brother you are very good in explaining details
  7. @bekzodhakimov4573: Hi Hasib, I used to divide marketing angles for one specific service or product into adsets(3-4 ads in each). SO one marketing angle for 1 adset, another marketing angle for adset 2, etc. with Andromeda, it is not needed to divide angles into adsets? one adset with bunch marketing angle ads in it? is that what you meant here? THanks

- How To ACTUALLY Target with Facebook Ads (Post-Andromeda Update): Kind: captions Language: en Today we are talking about targeting with meta ads. I've been running ads for over nine years now and at my agency we've managed over $600 million in ad spend and generated over $2 billion in revenue for my clients like Symbiotica where we are literally spending over $250,000 per day. And they are one of the fastest growing supplement brands on the internet. And yes, I did say $250,000 per day. Meta has changed their platform so much recently with the Adrona update and the way we market has completely changed. And it's made a lot of people wonder, do we even need to target anymore with meta ads? Do you need to go all broad? Interest targeting, lookalike targeting. You and I are going to answer those questions together. The answer to that question is yes. For most advertisers, keyword most. You still need to target. We're still using interest targeting and broad. And I see a lot of videos on this topic and no real clear answer. So, I'm going to clear the air up on this for everyone. You have two buckets of people. advertisers spending under 30k per month and advertisers spending more than 30k per month. This is what we call the transition period. And if you're spending under 30k per month, you need targeting. And here is why. You're essentially training this new meta model on what type of people to go after. And without targeting, your ad account doesn't have enough data on it to properly identify these people in the very beginning stages. Now, I don't want to confuse you, but there are instances where you can have a stellar product, an offer, and a ton of unique creative formats and be able to get away with little to no targeting and have only broad audiences in the early stages. So, now we're going to look at an ad account that is spending under 30K. This one has spent $8,800 in the last 30 days at a 5x return in ad spend, generating roughly $46,000 in purchases, all from this campaign setup. And this is a campaign setup that I recommend a lot of accounts start with, especially in the early stages. You still need to have an interest testing campaign. You'll take all of your best performing ads and you'll put them in here and you can dynamically adjust the budgets based off what is getting the highest return on ad spend. You'll still have single interest. A lot of people say this doesn't work still, but it definitely does. Especially when you're spinning lower budgets, you need to guide the algorithm in the right direction and give it audiences to test with. And you're also going to have a second campaign, which a lot of people don't talk about. It's your creative testing because most of you will experience where a lot of spin gets flushed to one creative and doesn't spend on the other. So, we're going to take totally new creative testing concepts and drop them in multiple interest audiences to be able to test those creatives. That way, we ensure we get spin towards those. And once they're proven, we're simply going to copy those ads and paste them into our scaling campaign. And eventually, we'll start to transition out of this structure. But this is definitely the structure you want to use in the early stages. you're still going to have a retargeting where you're retargeting your past website visitors, your Instagram engagers, your Facebook engagers. As you can see, it is very much so working extremely well. This allows us to build up all of the data we need, get to active, where we can eventually start to switch out of this and go into CBO and go more broad. But at this point in time, at these spin levels, you do not need to be going entirely broad that early. You definitely need to be doing your audience testing and lots of creative testing at these stages. Now, if you're spending over 30K per month and you're trying to manually target, you're pretty much just standing in your own way because at this point, the main thing you want to focus on here is creative and a ton of it. Now, here we are inside of an ad account that is spending over $30,000 per month. In the last 30 days, they've done about 40k in spend and they've generated $216,000 in sales at a 5.5x return in ad spend. And what you'll notice here is the budgets are now on the campaign level, not just the adset level. And the reason this matters is because at this point in scale, it's going to be much harder for you to be transitioning budgets between different interest audiences. Whenever you're on the CBO level, Meta at this point already knows who to target and can adjust your budget dynamically to get you the best rorowass. And not only that, but we really don't have any specific interest by this point. We're actually going broad because the algorithm is now trained up. And what you'll see inside of this campaign is product collections. So these are all just broad audiences. Whenever we look at this, this is an entirely open audience with no targeting. These are just broad audiences, but we're segmenting them by product. And you can see they're getting very consistent return in ad spend here. 5x, 8x, 6x, 7x rorowaz, and getting lots of purchases at much higher spin levels. And that is because Meta now knows who to go after. You've already guided it to this point. And you don't want to have a lot of overlap between your audiences. And by this point, you can essentially just spend a lot more with way less structure. And we can look at these other campaigns. They're just simply segmented by product line. If you do not have multiple product SKs, then you're just going to have, you know, really just broad audiences and advantage plus audiences at this point because it makes it much easier for Meta to really scale up. And you can just focus on the creative. So you're going to have, you know, 15 unique ad creative formats, whether they're review based, features, and benefit based UGC videos all plugged into each and every one of these broad audiences. and you're just going to be scaling on more of the campaign level at this point. Now, what is for both buckets of advertisers? This is an absolute must after the Andromeda update. We are going to target through our creative. Now, we're inside of an ad account. And what I mean by that is with this Adromeda update, really creatives is the key thing to all of this. And we're inside of an advantage plus campaign, which you can have an advantage plus on both sides. So, if you're under 30 or over 30K per month, you definitely want to have an advantage plus with at least 10 to 15 creatives. And inside of this, when we're talking about how we target through our creative, it really comes down to the totally unique ad creative formats, especially when we begin to scale up and you have lots of ad creatives in here, we want to start leveraging what we call a flexible ad format. And flexible is essentially where we take 10 creatives and put it inside of one ad. And this is best done when it's a specific creative format. So, in this case, it would be reviews. And we would have 10 review ads. As you can see here, these are all reviews. And we're essentially putting them inside of one ad, which makes it one unique ad format with 10 variations of the reviewbased creative. This allows Meta to rapidly test with this Adromeda update and be able to identify which one is working best. Also allows us to get creatives at scale. And so that way, Meta can dynamically plug in the creative based off the user's journey in terms of whenever they're most likely to buy. So you would have a flexible format with all of those creatives inside of it. And then you're going to have totally unique formats on each of these ads. So, as you can see, our next ad is a UGCbased video and they're talking about the product and demonstrating it. The next ad creative is going to be an us versus them. And the reason we do this is because every market appeals to different creative angles and also every buyer stage at which they're in, they might already be educated on your product, but they're not fully convinced. So, that's where the reviews come in. Or they might not know anything about your product. So that's where the education comes in or they know about it but don't know how to use it. That's where a product demo comes into play. So you want to have each of these unique creatives because once you start to go broad and have advantage plus or even interest, the creatives can do the targeting for you because Meta will now be able to know which ad creative to show to which pocket of audience to get them to convert. So we're going to have totally unique ad creatives in here. The three reasons why we have the UGC, we have too delicate to wear. And all of these are going to be getting spent and Meta is going to be showing them at the exact right time that we need them to, which is why this is performing so well where we spent literally $5,400 to make back $50,000 at a near 9x return on ad spend. So, it's very important that we have the right amount of creatives, make sure they're totally unique, and we're going to begin using flexible formats to increase the number of creatives we have at scale without having to manage 10 different review ads. We're going to consolidate those into one creative format. and have multiple flexibles along with all of our other creatives combined. Earlier in this video, I said most advertisers should target if you're a huge account and you're spending 500k to a million per month or like our client here, Symbiotica, spending $250,000 per day. All right, so just to recap the three buckets, if you are under 30K, you'll have an interest testing campaign where you're targeting multiple interest. You'll have a creative testing campaign where you're dropping in new creatives and you'll have a retargeting audience. If you're over 30K, you're going to be focusing on CBO with broad audiences. Now, for the third bucket, if you're spending well over $500,000 per month, you're strictly going to be focusing on Advantage Plus and broad audiences, and you're going to have a plethora of ad creatives where you're using flexible formats to be able to handle the volume at scale. So that way, Meta can do all the targeting for you and show the creatives in the right place at the right time. Running meta ads is easier than ever before. Now, for some reason, everyone online wants to make it sound so scary and confusing. It's really not as complicated as everyone makes it out to be. And the cool thing about this new update, you don't need a ton of crazy campaigns. You don't need all these complicated media buying tricks as long as you just adjust your account structure at the right stages of spin like we covered in this video. You'll be able to transition and scale to those 1K, 10K, and even 100K day spin levels. But you can't forget the most important part out of this entire update. This new system rewards highquality creative. Meta removed about 90% of the manual work for you. And Meta is literally going and finding the best customers for you with this new predictive modeling. And it's truly the only lever that moves rorowaz. Which is why I put together a full tutorial on how I do creative in this postromeda era. And you can find that here in this next video I picked out for you right here. I'll see you inside.

  Top Comments:
  1. @ChaseChappell [1 likes]: Scale your brand: https://calendly.com/d/cp3p-3s4-prg/1-on-1-ads-mastery-mentorship-30min-chase-chappell?utm_source=youtube
  2. @burakbozkurt51 [1 likes]: Teşekkürler.
  3. @KerestesTena: You putting this up for free is actually clutch - praise to you
  4. @Playveritas: So are funnels dead? Run sales campaigns? Do you have these retarget eachother so you can tell a story or do you just run sales campaign ads on more and more creative?
  5. @Phillip-n3q: A good lecture that will benefit all who have followed this excellent explanation.
  6. @Lowell-q4o: You putting this up for free is actually clutch - praise to you
  7. @stimulatedtv: Could you please explain one thing to me. When you have your audience in your testing interest campaign and the ads and audience is working you just copy the whole adset to the creative testing campaign?
  8. @DurwardRice-w6r: Clear and understandable, I wish there was more information like this.
  9. @MonicaValenzuela-v9x: Really clever explanation and no unnecessary verbiage! Respect! + subscription
  10. @Dilkajunun: Okay, but Facebook has just now (last ten days) killed all targeting possibilities apart from really broad ones. What can I do now? (I write novels and my ad spend is a few K per year.) I think, I have to switch to automatic targeting. Who can teach me how to do this right?
  11. @Emerson-j4l: No water, fast! Way to go.
  12. @Giuseppina-q1e: No water, fast! Way to go.
  13. @ashton_fitness: Amazing video Chase! 
Question: should I do purely interest testing or interest testing with advantage+?
  14. @marketmonster6055: if you are running ads for a roofer, hvac locally , broad or some type of intrest?
  15. @mystereo100: Hi Chase! 
Nice work, thank you!

If we have around 3-5k spend per month, the 4 campaigns method with: 
1. Creative testing ABO
2. MoF Retargeting ABO
3. Retargeting A+ Shopping CBO
4. Interests ABO

 will be ok ?
  16. @MegadutaShrivastav: Clear and understandable, I wish there was more information like this.
  17. @GovindaPanda: Appreciate the non-fluff straightforward approach. Was a great review for me. Thank you!
  18. @learning11-d3g: Chase! Appreciate this. so 30k a month CBO campaign setup. Are you doing adset budget mins?
  19. @MrSkeltonn: Please Reply ME, How did you create the ADS ?
  20. @yartarget: Спасибо за видео! Полезная информация

- The new way to make Meta Ads In 2026 (Post-Andromeda): Kind: captions Language: en I'm going to show you how to make ads that are impossible to ignore. Ads that stop the scroll, hold attention, and convert cold scrollers into buyers. And then I'm going to give you a system to be able to consistently add new winners into your ad account every single week. Now, who am I to break this down for you? Well, I've been running meta ads since I was 13 years old. And present day, my company produces a minimum of 2,000 ad creatives every single month. And we've generated tens of millions of dollars in tracked revenue for our clients. And most of you right now are doing things completely backwards. You're focused on making your ads look pretty instead of making ads that are actually going to work. You're using the same hooks over and over and switching things out. And you're structuring the messaging completely wrong. And you're also not producing nearly enough volume to keep up with a the new algorithm and b just the landscape that is meta ads in 2026. And what I'm going to show you is not only what we're doing, but it's also what the biggest fastest growing brands in the world are doing. And that's why we do it too. So before we get into the solution, there's two issues that I see that most of you need to overcome. The first is your obsession with quality or nitpicking small details. And the second is you severely underestimate the volume required to succeed. Right now you're creating ads that look, sound, and feel like ads. If you're using AI to write your copy and you don't have a really, really dialed in workflow, it probably sucks. And then comes the volume problem. Most of you guys are creating 20, maybe 30, maybe 50 ads a month. And I'm going to refer to Hormosi on this one. Just roll the clip on what Hormosi says about volume. >> Amount of volume and repetition that is required to excel. Typically not twice as much or 10 times as much. It's usually in the order of magnitude of thousands of times as much work. >> Now that you understand the rules of the game and how you've been playing it wrong, I am going to show you how to beat it. So principle number one is understanding the native format. Post Andromeda native content is going to outperform studio produced content every single time. I recommend UGC videos, street interviews, or iPhone VSSLs. A good rule of thumb is if it looks and sounds organic, it's likely to perform better. Not only does the algorithm reward this, but we're living in a post Tik Tok shop era. Tik Tok shop entirely changed the way that consumers behave and make purchasing decisions. And Meta has actually even spoken about this in their press releases. They want native ads. A because consumer behavior has changed, but B because consumers number one gripe on the internet is ads. So they want to create a user experience that feels like there's no ads. And even just think about it from your perspective. When you're scrolling through your feed, you scroll right past ads that look like ads. So, I'm going to show some good examples of what native ads look like right now. And this is a good place to start when building your swipe file. You can look at brands like Comfort, Dr. Squatch, Ridge, Hos, or others. They're very, very good sources for organic looking, very native looking ad creatives. So, the second principle is hook diversity. The hook essentially makes or breaks the ad. We know that. But you can have a very very good concept with a very very bad hook and it's just not going to work. And I also want to make it very clear that there are two parts to every single hook. There's the copy and what the video is saying, but there's also the visual and what you are seeing when you see the video. And visual hooks are just as important as copy hooks. And like I say in all my videos, I'm not talking a cute dog, a car crash, or a BBL. I'm talking about a hook that is going to qualify and draw in your ICP. [music] The reason hook diversity is also important, notice I'm not saying just test a bunch of hooks, is because the algorithm needs diversity to find different audiences. If you're using the same hook or the same hook type or the same hook visual, you're not going to be finding the different audiences that are necessary and you're leaving massive amounts of money on the table. So, this is why it's smart to go ahead and build a hook bank. That is an action item that you need to take. You not only need to have a swipe file, but you also need to have a hook and you need to build out a list of hook variations. Let's say you're a skincare brand. You could go, "My skin always breaks out when hook. My dermatologist told me hook. This is the skincare product that hook. I thought this was a scam until hook." If you're tired of hook and then beyond that, when you say that my skin always breaks out when blank, you could say different problems that relate to different people. Okay? It's the same product. It's the same type of messaging, but they're very different hooks, and you can also test very different visual hooks with those as well. And the third principle that we're going to talk about is messaging. Every winning video ad loosely follows this format. First, you need to dive into the problem. Then, you need to dive into your unique mechanism or why you are the solution. Then, you need to go into social proof or some form of risk reversal. And then, you need a very strong CTA. This order works because it is exactly how people make buying decisions. whether it's UGC ad, a VSSL, or whatever type of video ad you're running. And then you need to also take these things into account when you're making your static ads. You can make some static ads that are very focused on the problem. Some static ads that are very focused on how your product is a solution. Some static ads that are very focused on social proof. These are more of your middle or bottom ofunnel static ads, whether it be a review, a testimonial, or before and after. And the reason that making ads this way works so well is because your funnel is essentially addressing the objection that the customer has before they even have it. And all of the ads that we make and all of the funnels that we build follow this type of messaging structure. So number four, it is velocity, volume, output. And this is where most of you are losing to be honest. I get on a lot of calls with potential clients and I look in their ad account and they have some really, really good ads. whether they made them by accident or whether they were watching good videos and learning, they actually have some very good ads and they have some pretty decent KPIs on those ads. They work for a little bit, but they fundamentally misunderstand how much volume it actually takes to succeed in 2026. And it's because, as we know, the algorithm rewards volume and diversity. Your competitor, if they're launching a 100red or a thousand new ads every single month, realistically they are going to beat you. That is a very realistic threat to your business. But the key here and the way that you can win is not just producing tons of ads randomly. You need to actually build a systematic approach. And this is where we start to go into pipeline A and pipeline B. This is something that I've talked about on the channel. And essentially what it is is understanding when you need to launch a lot of new concepts and when you need to launch a lot of iterations of previous [music] winners. So pipeline A is specifically for new concepts. This is where you're consistently launching fresh new ideas. Whether it be testing a new offer, whether it be testing new creative types, new angles, whatever it is, you're essentially just exploring. And the point of this is just looking for some data, some feedback in your learnings to try to go and create new winners, find new angles, and find new types of creatives that you can make. Now, pipeline B is going to be specifically your iteration. And this is where you either take winning ads and figure out variables that you can change to recreate them or sometimes you even take losing ads that had some really good secondary metrics and you make one change and that could also become a winning ad. You can change variables like different hooks, different creators, different CTA, different format, but the whole core concept of the actual ad stays the same. You're just changing one or two variables. Now, this part is extremely important. the balance between pipeline A and pipeline B. The balance between new concepts and iteration. And this is going to totally depend on you or your media buyer or if you work with us, it's going to depend on us. But this is going to depend totally on how well you're actually doing your learnings, how well you actually understand what's going on in the ad account, what ads are winning, why they're winning. This is going to depend on your learnings. And an example I like to use is this. Let's say you've been launching a lot of new ads. your winning ad is starting to see a rise in cost per acquisition. Your hit rate is pretty low. This is an example that you're stuck on one piece of messaging or one angle and it's time for you to launch some new fresh concepts into the ad account. Or vice versa, you don't have a ton of winning ads in your ad account, but you just had a really, really hot batch. Good ads, good hit rate. This is time where you can take that and turn one, two, three, four new winning ads into 10 good ads. But these things are everchanging as time goes on. So a specific example, let's say maybe this month your account's kind of stalling out. You don't have a lot of winners. We go heavy into new concepts and we go less into iterations. Maybe 70% new concepts, 30% iteration. Then by next month, we actually have found a lot of winners. We want to shift that the other way. We maybe want to go 20 to 30% new concepts and then maybe 70 to 80% iterations based on those winning ads that we just had in the prior month. This is going to make it so much easier to produce volumes of content. And this comes from understanding what's going on your ad account and doing proper learnings. And truthfully, this is the modern moat. Your product is not your moat. Your quality of creative that you can produce is not your moat. This is the moat. understanding how to make good content, how to make good ads, and then understanding why they're actually good ads. So, to bring this all full circle, the four things you need to remember. First, native format. Second, hook diversity. Third, understand your messaging. And fourth, volume. Now, if you made it to the end of the video, comment the word hormosi to let me know that you made it all the way through. And if you're a direct to consumer brand spending more than $100,000 a month and you don't want to do this yourself, click the link below. There's a bunch of ad examples that we've made on our landing page. There's case studies, there's testimonials, and there's a full video explainer about exactly what we do and how we do it. So hopefully that was helpful. Comment Horosi if you made it to the end. See you in the next.

  Top Comments:
  1. @bad3mko105 [1 likes]: Is 1200$ enough for starting with meta ads? Should I save up more or focus on organic trafic until I get my bread up for meta ads ?
  2. @ismailrouaiguia4913 [1 likes]: Bro we need master meata ads form scratch zero to hero " hours of content value like hormozi " 🔥🔥❤️‍🔥
  3. @dawson2670 [1 likes]: Hormozi
  4. @arwindkalai8961 [1 likes]: Hormozi
  5. @zomamarkets [1 likes]: Hormozi
  6. @ardikalda5213 [1 likes]: Hormozi!
  7. @TheSyrianmamba [1 likes]: Goat🔥
  8. @ColorOfWealth [1 likes]: Hormozi
  9. @InternetArchivess [1 likes]: Great video
  10. @MagmuuStore: Hormosi, thanks G for priceless knowledge
  11. @krysttonjhonatan: Hormosi, great video!
  12. @Xaehhh: Whats your opinion on me doing paids and making ai ugc ads will it get good leads for my clients
  13. @onaldo333: What if you have a budget of like 500-600 dollars for ads?
  14. @ColorOfWealth: Need more videos like these. Way better than the wanna be “Guru’s “. Nothing better than sound quality advice from someone whos in it. Appreciate the phone call, thank you for sharing some good game, can’t wait to meet u on the other side @jaredirobinson

- The NEW Meta Ad Creative Strategy in 2026 (Post Andromeda): Kind: captions Language: en Listen, it's okay if you organize your meta ads around the funnel as long as you enjoy watching your ads die. Brand aware, solution aware, TOFU MOFU BOFU, all of this performance tactic language sounds right and it did technically work for a long time, but everything has changed now. That framework no longer works. The TOFU MOFU BOFU framework was built around media buying logic, not creative [music] logic and those are two totally different things. When you build your creative strategy around how the algorithm thinks instead of how your customer thinks, you end up with ads that reach the right person just at the wrong moment. I'm Sarah Levander, I'm a creative strategist who uses psychology-based creative to generate better results for D2C brands and in this video, I'm going to walk you through a completely different way to think about your meta creative strategy. One that's built around the actual psychological journey your customer goes through before they buy and more importantly, why this approach drives better performance than anything the traditional funnel model can offer. Let's get into it. First, let's talk about TOFU MOFU BOFU. That particular system or marketing framework is not a customer psychology model, it's a media [music] buying model. It was designed to describe where someone sits in your ad system, not what's actually happening inside their head when they're going through the buying process. The bigger problem here is that meta's algorithm has completely changed. They've got broad targeting now, we need a lot more diversity and drama to basically killed everything. You don't control who sees what anymore and the traditional funnel assumes that you do. That assumption is actively costing brands a lot of money. I saw this firsthand with the client that I worked with recently, they had their creative perfectly organized by the funnel stage, but the performance was still tanking. When we actually looked at which mental state their customer was in when they saw the ads, you could see that a message was just completely off. The message that they were putting in the ad account didn't actually match the moment their customer was in. Once we shifted that lens, then the media buying strategy, the creative strategy, all of it, performance shifted entirely and that's what we're going to fix today. Here's the framework I like to use instead of TOFU MOFU and BOFU. There are four funnel stages that your customer goes through while they're actually in the purchasing decision state. Trigger, exploration, evaluation, and purchase. Now, these aren't what I would call funnel stages, they're more mental stages and the difference matters a lot. Customers can move between all four of these stages. They can stall out in one of them, they can re-enter them, they can go back to the beginning, they can also cycle through them for a long time before they decide to purchase. The algorithm can't predict which one they're in, but your creative can speak directly to it. And I want to make this kind of personal for a second cuz I think it'll click a lot faster this way. Think about the last thing that you bought that wasn't on your grocery list. There was a moment, something [music] specific, where something inside your head shifted. Maybe you saw someone wearing something that you're like, "Oh, I've been looking for that for a really long time." Maybe you got super frustrated with a problem and you finally decided to Google it. Maybe life changed and suddenly something you never thought about before came really urgent. That particular mental shift is the [music] trigger, right? And everything your brain did after that moment, the browsing, the comparing, the second-guessing, right? Convincing yourself, that's the rest of this framework that's played out kind of in real life. The first phase that your customers are going to go through during their purchasing process is the trigger phase. So, the trigger moment is kind of a need or a desire. It's a problem that becomes conscious like over a very specific moment in time. Before this moment, your customer is not looking for anything at all. After it, they're actively seeking [music] out a solution to their problem. There are four main types of triggers that I see consistently. [music] First, it's a life event that changes their context. It changes their perception on something. They moved, they bought a dog, they got a new job, a big life event. The second one is a social comparison, right? Something that surfaces something in their current world that they didn't really think was a problem until they saw other people not doing that thing or doing it more. Third is going to be those internal frustrations that hit that kind of tipping point. Something that's like, "Man, I've just been like chronically dealing with this for a long time and it's time for me to finally do something about it." The last one is some sort of external disruption. Something they just can't ignore because something in the environment changed around them. Now, here's the key to this. Trigger creative is not about your product, it's about the moment they're experiencing. I worked with a client whose top of funnel creative was basically all products. Beautiful imagery, strong offers, solid copy, all the things that would make a good ad, but it just wasn't working. When we rebuilt this particular campaign to kind of mirror that emotional experience that their customers were having, that specific life moment that their customer was in, performance changed because we stopped interrupting people and started meeting them exactly where they were mentally. The second phase in here is exploration and I think we need to talk about this one very deeply because exploration is when the customer knows they have a need and they're starting to look around for a solution, but this is important, they're not looking at products yet, right? They're just exploring the category. There's a little bit of identity work that happens in this particular phase because they're trying [music] to find brands that align with who they are as a person and there's a possibility of solving this problem for you, but what's really happening in their brain right now is they're forming a picture of what the solution looks like. They're absorbing information about what's normal in your space, in your category. I had a client who was almost entirely absent from this phase and I find it so interesting because all their spend was being pushed towards evaluation and purchase type creative. When we invested in exploration stage creative, content that really spoke to the category and not the product, their downstream conversion improved because by the time customers got to the decision stage, they had already made a mental picture of what they wanted and it looked a lot like this brand. Third phase in here is evaluation and this is super, super important. Evaluation is when the customer has a short list and they're actively comparing products, but they're not quite ready to make a purchase [music] yet. Here's what's actually happening in your customer's head. They're looking for permission to choose. They want to feel like the decision is justified. They're looking for a logical reason to make an emotional decision. They're also scanning for risk. They're asking themselves, "Is this smart? Should I make this decision today?" This is the reason why social proof works so well at this stage. Social proof works because seeing somebody else like yourself make a decision, right? Makes the decision feel safe. You're not competing on product at this point, you're just competing on certainty. I worked with a client who was loading up their ads with product [music] features, especially in this phase, but when we reframe that creative around what I would call like decision confidence, right? Leaning into like, "Here's why people like you choose our product and this is why they didn't regret it." That's when kind of the needle moved on that. We stopped speaking to their rational brain and started speaking to their emotional one. Last phase is purchase and by the time someone hits this phase, I want you to realize that the psychological decision has already been made. What's left here is removing friction inside the system. Reinforcing the choice has already been done from the top three phases that we just went through, but this is the time that we have to start pulling out reasons to not move forward. Humans are kind of lazy, they really love to just stay where they are. They're very much like, "If I don't have to move, I won't." And this is because the brain is starting to look for signs and reasons not to expend [music] energy on something that may not be important in the long run. Here's the pattern I see all the time and I can't stop thinking about this from the brand side. Brands who don't understand this brain mechanism spend heavily on purchase-focused ads, discounts in particular, and they just watch the returns get worse and worse and worse every month and they just kind of assume that the offer is the problem. It's almost never the offer. If you're constantly discounting to close the sale, the problem really is that your trigger, exploration, and evaluation creative didn't do its job. The discount becomes a crutch and it's a very expensive one because you're trying to manufacture urgency for a decision that should have felt obvious from the start. Discounts are not going to close the gap, they're just going to wallpaper over it. Okay, so how do you actually use this framework for your ads and [music] your brand? There's three steps here. Step number one, I want you to audit your current creative by psychological stage, not funnel stage. Pull every ad you're running and ask yourself one question. What mental state am I speaking to? Don't ask, "Is this a cold ad or a warm ad?" or what, you know, part of the funnel is this in? I want you to focus on what is the person feeling when this creative lands on their social media feed. Step number two, you're going to look for gaps. I bet most of you are probably over-indexed on evaluation and purchase because that's pretty typical for the brands that I see and almost completely absent from trigger and exploration. This is not a targeting problem, it's a messaging problem and it's exactly the reason why your top of funnel ad don't scale the way you want them to. Step number three in here, we need to alter our briefs by psychological state. And this one is crazy important. Instead of briefing your team with something that just says, "We need a cold audience ad." or whatever it is, I want you to brief ridiculously specifically. I want you to tell your team, "We need creative that surfaces [music] a trigger moment for someone who hasn't even identified they have a problem yet." Get crazy specific with your briefs because the difference between the two is massive. That brief produces completely different creative, different hooks, different messages, different emotions, and a much better shot at actually reaching the customer where they are. so I know we covered a lot, but here's what I want you to walk away with. The traditional funnel tells you where someone is in your media buying system. It tells you almost nothing about where they are inside their own head and that gap is exactly where performance is breaking down. When you build creative around trigger, exploration, evaluation, and purchase phases, you are not just reorganizing it, you're changing what each piece of creative is trying to do. If you want to go deeper on this and get access to the frameworks, the resources, the calls that I use with my own clients, come join me over at school.com /tether-lab. It's where I host weekly calls with creative strategists just like yourself and share what's actually working in the ad account right now. I break down the psychology behind creative that converts and you can join risk-free for 14 days with a 100% money-back guarantee. Link is in the description or you can scan this QR code on the screen and I'll see you in the next one.

  Top Comments:
  1. @kensuppressor6937 [7 likes]: how does this truly differ from marketing awareness stages? tbh this is pretty similar
  2. @consultingcs [4 likes]: So with Andromeda, you could have a setup like this:
👉 1 campaign = the entire journey inside
👉 Segmentation is done by the creatives, not the ad sets

DISTRIBUTION BALANCE

You don't set it manually → but you have to reflect it in the ads:

40% Trigger
30% Exploration
20% Evaluation
10% Purchase
  3. @talhailyas7229 [4 likes]: yay finally sarah leveling up the content. do it tactical & practical style
  4. @conar_campbell [2 likes]: Thanks Leila Hormozi! 🫡
  5. @JanSijsmans [1 likes]: Very nice approach to a problem a lot of us are struggling with!
But I'm missing some practical examples of the trigger phase - can you provide some?
  6. @Solar-z7m [1 likes]: Posted 11 days ago?! how on earth did I miss this banger?!

Quick Q: Videos often cover more than one stage, when analyzing our ads where do we place them? By what the hook does?
  7. @tobedobechannel [1 likes]: Dude. I know you from LinkedIn.
  8. @SebastianOspinaHD [1 likes]: I just discovered your channel, thank you for the valuable content I will put it into practice ❤

Would you recommend a resource to learn more about this topic?
  9. @borisantonov253 [1 likes]: As a long time follower, I wanna thank you for this video!
  10. @emma_manley [1 likes]: So much value in this, Sarah! Thank you so much! Off to brief the Brands I work with! 😉
  11. @Spincushor [1 likes]: boring
  12. @vincenthuygens-chipper [1 likes]: You should do a deep dive on mimetic desire!
  13. @alexiscorrigan1765 [1 likes]: Fire
  14. @WorkModedtc [1 likes]: toop sarah
  15. @klatchco: Hi Sarah! Thanks for posting this, incredible insight. I did have one question, if the traditional TOF/MOF/BOF no longer works, especially with how Meta is moving forward with their AI audience testing, how would I target a pure TOF audience, would I have to trust Meta will push the correct creative to that particular audience, through creatives and copy like an offer on the first order? I would usually exclude previous purchasers and customers from a TOF campaign and have a separate MOF/BOF campaign running.
  16. @soyleandrocho: Hey Sarah! Such an amazing Content! Quick question: When it comes to fisical products Ecom brands, are Follow Me Ads usefull for the Triggering stage? To attract cold Leads in the initial stages of a new brand, not one that´s already been there for a while.. For ex. a brand with just 500-1000 followers on instagram.
  17. @mofunnel: Is it possible to build an individual agency based on content design only using AI tools and Canva + Cupcut and not manage advertising campaigns for Customers Your advice is appreciated and helps me now I am 40 years old and I want to work from home. Thank you
  18. @myppcman: Social proof works because it reduces doubt. It makes the buyer feel like they are making a smart choice.
  19. @Nick_Dara_Alex_Barry_uglyAds: great content sarah
  20. @Quitpixels: Yoo just discovered ur channel and your content today, and I find it super beneficial, thank uu

- How to get Meta Andromeda to behave (willingly): Kind: captions Language: en While 92% of people on Twitter are complaining about how Meta Andromeda is crushing their ad performance, I'm going to show you how relatively easy it is to scale on Meta if you have the right creative strategy. So, the first thing to learn about creative strategy in 2025 is that you need creative diversity. Ads look different and say different things. You need volume because the algorithm now handles thousands of ad candidates at a single time for Andromeda to select from. And you also need velocity. And this means that the time to launch is as instantaneous as you can make it. And this is a slide from Meta where they mention that creative volume is key to creative effectiveness. And volume is more important than ever. Meta Andromeda our nextg ads retrieval system is designed to improve results for advertisers with a high volume of diverse assets. And they even say that you can't scale budgets without scaling volume. So as performance improves and budgets scale, creative volume fuels delivery. You might have seen this slide from me before, but you want to brainstorm this with your team and use this mind map for different concepts. And you can pair the left side with the right side. So the left side shows you static ad formats. The left side also shows you video ad formats that you can test. Talking head UGC, AI UGC, AI B-roll, podcast style, street interview style, green screens, reactions, comment replies, skits, how-to explainers, before after transformations. These are for video. And you can pair these with messaging frameworks and personas. And you know people always want to avoid effort, save time, avoid mental or physical strain, increase comfort, improve health, improve status or luxury. They want to feel loved. They want to be praised and appreciated. And you can pair these universal human motivators with me messaging frameworks like list of calls, problem agitate solutions, founder stories, customer testimonials, testimonial mashups. And to really nail down the funnel, you can make ads for different stages of awareness, like people who are unaware that they have a problem at all or people that are aware of they their problem, but they don't know what to do about it. Solution aware, they kind of know what to do about it, but they don't know about your product. product aware ads are for people that are aware of your product but don't know why they need to do something about it now and ads that are for people most aware maybe this could be remarketing or uh retention based efforts and I stole this from the guys that are running ads from the ecom brand OBV but it's a great framework to also think about the uh visual diversity so you can have hi-fi I static ads that look like they're produced by a studio. You can have static ads that are loi handwritten notes video that looks lowfi. These could be UGC ads. Of course, you also have the hi-fi highquality high production video ads that are produced in studio. And now I'm going to go into this a little bit further very shortly, but you can brief your creatives in a modular way. And video ads always have to start with a hook because if your ad doesn't hook, then no one's going to watch it and your ad gets ignored. And the hook leads into the body or the app demo. And they always end with a call to action. and the body. You can remix this infinitely. If you don't have a winning body already, or if you have a winning body, you can keep reusing that and keep testing new hooks on it. You can look at the ad libraries of Moonggate or Rise or Better Me or Simple Dieting app. You can quickly deconstruct their strategy. If you just watch a few dozen of their video ads, you can find that they're almost always testing one or two or three different body videos, but they keep swapping new hooks on it because they know that the body is working and they just want to test new hooks on it. The hook is the targeting. If you test new hooks, then the hooks will go out and find different people to to target. And I'll go over this a little bit in um in a Fig Jam for you. And and that doesn't mean that you shouldn't be testing new bodies or or new concepts. Yes, you need to be doing that to find new ad concepts that are winning, but you also need to learn how to maximize the ad concepts that are already working or are very close to working. So, this was a post that went pretty viral on X and from Ali Hudson, a good follow on Twitter if you're not following him. So, he writes, "I wanted to share a key insight from a creative workshop we ran with Meta this week. The focus was on scaling under Andromeda and how much creative similarity now impacts reach, cost, and fatigue. Meta now treats two ads as identical if they share the similar first 3 seconds even if the copy message or CTA is different. What that means practically same creator plus same setting equals same ad. Slight copy variations isn't recognized as a new concept. Visual similarity overrides narrative difference. The big shift meta now rewards creative built around personas, not platforms. Different motivators unlock new audiences 89% of the time. It confirms that it confirms what we've seen inside ad accounts over the past 6 months. Persona based ads perform better and last longer not because they're not just reskins. They're built to resonate with new types of people. So what does that mean for iteration? It's not enough to just test copy and overlays anymore. We've test we've started to evolve our testing and creative strategy in a few key ways. Number one, push bigger visual swings after a winner emerges. Once we've got a winning format, the instinct is to go incremental, but now we're we're rethinking scenes, locations, setups entirely to escape similarity penalties. Number two, this one's really interesting. Changes to the hook. change the hook to change the audience. So, I mentioned before and I've mentioned in previous videos that the hook is retargeting. So, the first 3 seconds if they're different, if they look different and if they say different things, then it's a new ad in Meta's eyes. So, you want to really memorize this part and use this to tap into new motivators without remaking the whole asset. Number three, this is also very interesting. Recycle winning ads with fresh B-roll. Swapping in new B-roll gives it a second life with fresh delivery because the visuals are different. And fourth layer, persona insights directly into creative briefs. Bernal briefing hooks and styles based on demographic and psychoraphic differences, not just product benefits. Okay, so if your ads are sitting left of center on this chart, you're probably already feeling the ceiling. Meta doesn't just want more ads, it wants more variation and it's getting ruthless about what counts. So if we open this less differentiated on the left hand side, more differentiated on the right. So to help you visualize this a little bit more, once you have a body or a demo video block that you know performs well, it explains your product or your app. um touches all the features and benefits and and problem and solution and and all that testimonial, social proof, urgency, and the and then they end with a call to action. Once you have a block like that that you know performs well, you've tested it or you're you're constantly testing and finding new body videos, which is something that you should be doing, you can start to test a lot more hooks onto it because Meta's told us that the first 3 seconds, if it's completely different, Meta is going to treat it like a new ad. So, think of it like the hook is your new targeting. And so you can start to test lots and lots lots of new hooks onto this body or this body or this body. You can end with the same call to action or you can test different call to action end cards. This is how you can scale out a lot of variations that are very diverse and you can do this in a very lazy way. And the way to think about the body is that you have a database of a lot of different clips of B-roll. Um, things that mention the problem, things that mention the solution, different ways to mention the solution, ways to mention the features and benefits and advantages. And you you can just start to remix this all together. Add new things in there. You can generate new B-roll with AI now and it looks very real. We're doing this right now. You can use AI like Sora 2 or Veo 3.1 to generate new hooks. This is uh something that everybody's starting to do. And if you're not doing this already, you should test it. See if it works for you. And if it doesn't, test it one or two more times to see if it works because it's definitely working. And you see a lot of apps starting to test AI visual hooks and B-roll. So, let me know in the comments below if this was helpful for you. And go check out sovereign.ai AI if you want to test out and scale out a lot of video ad variations to help you scale on meta

  Top Comments:
  1. @willallen9017 [1 likes]: Great video Manson! Question: what kind of budget do you need per creative now? I get that volume is important, but if we test 1000 ad variants in a month, how much do we need to be spending to make that work? If we have a fixed budget, say $20k/mo, how many creatives should we be testing, I would think 1000 would be too much? Thanks!
  2. @shevchenko_oleksii: "1000s of ad candidates for Andromeda to select from" - available during which period of time? 1000s simultaneously?
  3. @Krishnsakhistore: good details. After update chnaged hooks for lesser than 3s now will increase time and check if Andromeda update considers that.
  4. @drsoper: Nice work Manson 🙏

- Meta Andromeda Update : What Small Businesses Actually Need to Know: Kind: captions Language: en If your Facebook ads have felt broken lately, like the algorithm is working against you, your costs are up, and your campaigns that used to work just don't anymore, you are not going crazy. Meta made a massive change to how their ad system works, and almost nobody is talking about the fact that all the best practices you're hearing [music] are designed for businesses spending 50,000 or more a month, not 2,000. I'm going to break down exactly what changed, why the standard advice will actually hurt your results if you're a small business, and give you the framework that actually works when you don't have an unlimited ads budget. So, let's start with what Andromeda actually is. Meta completely rebuilt their ad delivery system. [music] This is the AI that decides which ads get shown to which people. They rolled it out globally by October 2025, and it's a fundamental change to how [music] the entire platform works. Here's the difference in simple terms. With the old system, [music] you told Meta who to target, age, interest, location, and they showed your ad to those people. The new system, Meta's AI, [music] analyzes millions of behavior signals and matches different people with different creative variations. Instead of asking who should see this ad, it asks which ad should this [music] person see. And this is powerful. The system can now handle 10,000 times more creative variations than [music] before. It's like going from a shotgun approach to a sniper rifle where every person sees the specific angle and format [music] that's most likely to convert them. Now, that sounds amazing, right? And it is. If you have the budget and data to feed [music] it properly, which brings me to the problem. Every article, every video, every expert is telling you the same thing post Andromeda. Use broad targeting. Let CBO allocate your budget. Run 10 to 20 creative variations. Trust the algorithm completely. And here's the dirty secret nobody's saying. Meta's AI thrives on data. Lots of data. If you're an enterprise advertiser spending 50,000 a month or more with 500 conversions a week, this advice is gold. The algorithm has so much data, it knows exactly what to optimize for. But if you're spending $1 to $5,000 a month, which is most small businesses, and you're getting 10 to 50 conversions per week, following this advice creates a massive problem when you use CBO or campaign budget optimization with limited data. Here's what happens. [music] The algorithm looks at early signals like clicks, engagement, video views, and decides which ads to feed budget to. But here's the problem. Engagement doesn't equal conversions. So you end up with 80% of your budget going to the two ads that got the most clicks in the first 24 hours. [music] And your other ads, they're getting $1 to $5 per day. Not enough to ever prove themselves. You just wasted a week of budgeting testing ads that never had a fair shot. And you wasted the time that you spent actually creating those ads in the first place. Here's the math that nobody talks about. If you put three ads in one ad set with a $20 daily budget, even if it splits it equally, which it won't, each ad gets $6 to $7 per day. In reality, one gets 12 to 14 and another gets 5 to6 and the third maybe gets 2 to three. If your cost per lead is $20 to $50, that star bad might not generate a single conversion all [music] week. So, here's what actually works. We're going to give Andromeda what it wants, but keep the control we need to make smart decisions with limited budget. [music] The framework is three angles, one ad each, equal budget testing. Now, let me break that down. Andromeda does work better with broader audiences. [music] So, stop doing hypersp specific interest stacking. The AI needs room to find patterns and match your creative to micro segments. [music] Your targeting should be location if that applies to you, basic demographics and exclusions, [music] maybe some interest suggestions. That's it. Let the creative do the segmenting, not your interest [music] targeting. Now, the second principle, we need one ad per adset during testing. Here's where I completely diverge from the standard advice. During testing, you [music] give each creative angle its own ads set with full budget. [music] No sharing, no algorithmic favorites. The structure, one angle equals one adset equals one ad. [music] Each adset gets equal daily budget. Every creative gets the full budget to prove itself. Now, let me give you an example. Say you have $1,500 a month to test. That's $50 a day. You're testing three angles. [music] That's $15 to $17 per day per ad set. But here's the difference. Each ad gets the full $15 to $17, not 5 to 7 or 2 to three. That's enough to exit the learning phase and generate real conversion data, not just algorithmic predictions. Run this for a handful of days. And if an angle fails, you know it failed [music] at a decent spending level, not because it got $3 per day while the algorithm played [music] favorites. Now, principle three, the angles matter more than the format variations. Now, Andromeda wants creative diversity, but it doesn't want 20 variations of the same hook with different background colors. It wants fundamentally different approaches. What counts as a different angle? Maybe you're focused on different pain points like efficiency versus cost savings versus quality. We need different awareness levels like problem aare versus solution [music] aware. We need different emotional drivers like fear versus aspiration versus urgency. We need different buyer personas. Now, let me give you a concrete example for a marketing automation service. [music] Angle number one would be problem agitation. Tired of manually following up with every lead? Here's how businesses like yours are automating 90% of their follow-up. [music] Angle number two could be results or social proof. We helped ABC company add 47,000 in revenue without adding staff. [music] Here's the exact system we built. Angle number three could be education and authority. Most marketing automation fails because of these [music] three mistakes. Here's how to avoid them. See how each of these speaks to a different customer mindset? That's what Andromeda is looking for. Now, for each angle, pick the format that best expresses that message. You're not testing formats yet. You're testing which core message resonates. video. These are best for angles needing personality or explanation, 30 to 60 seconds, and definitely add captions. Static images are best for angles with a strong visual hook or a shocking stat. You can add Canva templates with a text overlay or just do straight up text on a [music] colored background. Carousels are best for angles showing a process or multiple proof points. 3 to 10 different images with text or a [music] different visual. So, you're looking at 30 to 45 minutes per ad. That's 90 minutes to two hours to build your entire testing campaign. Way more manageable than trying to create [music] 10 to 20 different ads. Okay, so you've got your three angles running, one ad each, equal budget. Well, what's the timeline? Days 1 to three, this is the learning phase. You really don't want to touch [music] anything. Let the algorithm gather the data. On days four and five, you want to monitor the performance. If [music] one angle is clearly bombing, such as 50% worse than your target CPA with no conversions, you can kill it early and reallocate that budget. [music] Day 6 through 7, you do a full evaluation. You're looking at cost per conversion, return on ad spend, conversion [music] rate, not just click-through rate, not just engagement, actual business outcomes [music] that matter to you. Now, your decision framework, you're going to kill any angle performing 50% worse than your target cost per acquisition. [music] You're going to reallocate that budget to the winners. Now, for winning angles, now we want to test different formats. It's going to be the same process, but new ad sets. If you started with a static image, now you're going to test a video and a carousel with that same angle. Once you have a winning angle plus format combination, then consider CBO for scaling. That's [music] the key. Find the angle first, then optimize the format, then scale with CBO, not all at once. Now, one more [music] thing, your creative refresh. Andromeda does not eliminate ad fatigue. It just changes the timeline. Your refresh cycle. [music] You're looking at weeks 1 to two for initial testing of three angles. Week three, [music] kill worst performers. Introduce new angles to test. Week four to five, let the winners run. Test a replacement. Week six, [music] test your format variations on proven winning angles. This creates a continuous cycle where you always have one to two proven angles running while introducing new concepts every few weeks. Look, Andromeda is real and it's changed [music] meta ads forever. But the winning strategy isn't blind trust in algorithm. It's intelligent adaptation. Give Andromeda what it wants. Broad targeting and diverse creative angles, but keep what you need. Budget control during testing to protect your ad spend and generate valid data. Three angles, one ad each, equal budget testing for 5 to 7 days. That's manageable for small businesses [music] and effective for finding winners. The advertisers winning post Andromeda aren't following Meta's recommendations blindly. They're the ones who understand the system well enough to adapt intelligently [music] while protecting their business outcomes. If you want help implementing this framework or [music] learning the complete system for marketing automation, creative automation, and meta ads that works for small businesses, check out my link [music] in the description and schedule a call to see if we can help. We're building sustainable testing systems and scaling what works [music] for businesses of all different sizes and all different industries. Now, drop a comment if [music] you've got questions about this strategy and I'll jump in to help. And if this was valuable, share it with another business owner who's been struggling with their meta ads lately. I'll see you on the next one. [cheering]

  Top Comments:
  1. @janalgos [2 likes]: if you're running one ad per angle, how do you know if it was the angle itself that failed or the ad creative that failed?
  2. @jurgitabukauskaite6704: Great content!
For a small business with a limited budget of €20 per day, would it be reasonable to launch one campaign with three ad sets and allocate around €7 per ad set during the testing phase?
Is testing with such a small budget likely to generate reliable results?
  3. @Washwizard2019: Truth be told FB Ads don't work for small businesses anymore period. I stopped doing FB ads after October 2025, because the writing was on the wall. They don't care about businesses spending less then $10,000 per month because the truth is the only thing that still works is putting a insane amount of ads up every week and what small business owner has that kind of time or money. Face it people FB ADs are dead for the small business because they don't care about you at all. FB needed to push out the smaller advertisers millions of ad creatives because it was coking up their money machine. I don't care what way you do your ad campaign or what structure you use CBO, ABO, it will not work long term  you will find your ads will preform so so for 2 to 5 days and tank every time. I used to get 3 weeks out of my ads and 10 times my ROAS  now at best 2 times for a lot of time spent in r and d on ad creatives.  NOT WORTH IT, but all of us have to come to that realization on their own. Hopefully it changes in the future. Best of luck to all
  4. @Akky_nl: How do you test of an ad is a good necessary team player, but its main purpose is not to be the top scorer? You need to have that ad in a team set up somehow.
  5. @Rockyhandyy: Hi from pakistan
  6. @nextleveldigtal: Always good content Allie. Appreciate it. - Sean
  7. @Refined.Claymore: this was the best video by far of post-andromeda strategy for smaller businesses… you are the GOAT
  8. @jnpilot: What if ad sets are divided by region and other factors to ensure budget is delivered as designated to each area instead of solely in big cities? Would you have to make separate campaigns for every region or audience?

- Meta's Andromeda Update: How To Win After Spending $330M on Facebook Ads: Kind: captions Language: en What's up, y'all? I've sent over $330 million profitably on Facebook ads and driven more than $1.7 billion in attributable revenue, and I've scaled multiple brands from five figures a month to seven and eight figures in revenue per month. And today, I'm breaking down Meta's Andromeda update, the biggest algorithm change that's fully ruled out and is changing everything about how your ads perform. This isn't theory. This is what's working right now across all my client ad accounts and my own brands. and I have access to over 140 ad accounts. I'm going to show you exactly how to adapt to Andromeda to keep your ads profitable while everyone else is panicking about the rising costs and bad performance and making excuses. We're not making excuses. We're getting better. Now, let's dive in. So, what is Andromeda? Meta first announced Andromeda in February of this year and then officially started the roll out in April. But here's what most people don't know. It's been a phased rollout and according to Meta reps I've spoken with, it's now fully implemented across all ad accounts across the world and so it's fully live now. And this update is fundamentally changing how Meta's algorithm evaluates and delivers your ad. Before Andromeda, you could get away with minor variations of the same creative. Now Meta's AI can instantly recognize similarities across your ads at a level never seen before. So what does this mean for you? The shelf life of your ads is dramatically shorter. The algorithm rewards diversity more than ever, and many tactics that worked just months ago are now dead in the water. Here's the good news. I've identified exactly what's working in this new environment, and I'm about to share it all with you. So nowadays, diversity is the new currency. The number one key to success with Andromeda is diversity. And I don't just mean trying a few different headlines or a few different captions. Let me break down the types of diversity Meta's algorithm is now rewarding. Number one is ad type diversity. You need to be running multiple formats. Videos, static images, carousels, dynamic product ads, and even collection ads if it's relevant. If you're only wanting one ad type, you're missing entire segments of your audience. Number two is creative type diversity. This means varying your content length and style. I'm talking about 5 to 10 second videos, 30 second videos, minute long videos, GIFs, short clips, long clips. You got to mix it all up. Number three is ICP persona diversity. This is huge. Let's say your ICP is business owners. Don't just target business owners broadly. create specific personas like Clara, the 39-year-old nail salon owner, or Mike, who runs a construction company. These distinct personas within your ICP allow for more unique storytelling. Number four is actor and actress diversity. Different nationalities, ages, races, styles of dress, Meta's algorithm can now detect when you're using similar looking people in your ads and will treat them as essentially the same ad. Number five is value prop diversity. Instead of cramming all your value props into one ad, create separate ads that go deep on individual value propositions. Number six, the last is setting diversity. This one's killing a lot of brands right now. If you're filming all your videos in the same location with the same background, Meta sees them basically as the same ad. You need different environments, different lighting, different backdrop. So, here's a real example from my own brand, Rugtimeize. We were crushing it with these rug rollout ads filmed on our warehouse. Same concept, just different logo rugs. These used to perform amazingly before the Andromeda update. Now, performance has tanked because Meta now sees them as essentially identical ads despite featuring different products. and despite it being a winning ad type for us. Next, let's talk about Meta's creative shop revelation. Let me show you something most advertisers don't know. Meta's own creative shop team is now telling brands that the old way of testing is dead. Previously, you could use the same image with different headlines and messaging, and Meta would treat them as different ads. Not anymore. Under Andromeda, Meta wants both differentiated messaging and differentiated creative style. The algorithm can now detect when you're using the same video with different scripts, similar looking creators, similar settings or backgrounds, similar visual styles. This means your testing strategy needs to evolve. Instead of testing minor variations, you need to test truly different creative approaches simultaneously. And this is confirmed by Meta's own creative shop team. So, let's talk about troubleshooting. Sometimes it's not your creative, it's Meta itself. Just this week, I discovered something critical with a client's ad account. Two of our best performing campaigns suddenly tanked out of nowhere. TPM shot up $100 overnight. I was literally baffled. After diving deep into the account, I discovered that the Facebook reels placement was suddenly sucking up all our ad spend at astronomical CPMs, $29, $178, even $2,000 CPMs on a certain ad that was previously performing well. This is happening because Meta is pushing so many AI updates through their algorithm. And now every ad account is going through different problems and different bugs. It's literally the wild west out there. Here's what you need to check immediately. Number one is your placement breakdowns. Look for any placements with abnormally high CPM. Number two, your advertising settings. Meta will secretly turn on AI features like reword, identified phrases, and music generation without telling you. And number three is generated backgrounds. These get turned back on even after you disable them sometime on your ads. So, make sure to double check those creative enhancements. Don't assume poor performance is always your creator's fault. Sometimes it's Meta's platform changes working against you. Now, let's talk about new customer acquisition within Andromeda. What should your new creative acquisition strategy be? So, how do you actually get all this diverse content without breaking the bank? Here's the system I just implemented for Rugtimeize that you can copy. We created a featured businesses campaign where we reach out to customers within 7 days of receiving their rug. We invite them to film short clips of their rug in their space, explaining that this content may be featured in our ads that reach millions of people. This gives us first diverse settings, their actual business spaces. Second, diverse personas, real business owners who own differentiated businesses. Number three, authentic content, not polished UGC that all looks the same. And number four, coste effective production. It's essentially free. I've created a complete SOP for this process that includes phone scripts for outreach, email templates for the post-purchase flow, a filming guide for customers, and a tracking system in Google Sheet. This approach is perfect for Andromeda because customer content is inherently more diverse than brand content or even influencer content, which often follows similar formulas. Now, let's move on to implementation priorities. Now, I don't want you to panic. If you're a newer brand or not spending a ton on ads yet, you don't need to implement everything at once. Instead, focus on these fundamentals first. Identify your core ideal customer profile and value propositions and create a baseline of diverse creative types like static, video, and carousel ads. Test different personas within your ICP. Implement the customer content strategy I just shared. And as you scale and hit roadblocks, dive deeper into the more advanced diversity strategies I shared earlier in this video. Remember, the goal is still to just find winning ads. Andromeda does add a little bit of challenges to how you actually create ads. But what constitutes a winning ad is still the same. An ad that has long shelf life. If you found this valuable, hit that like button and subscribe button for more advanced meta strategies. Now, if you're serious about scaling your brand with Meta Ads in this new Andromeda era, I can help you double your e-commerce revenue in 6 months or less through my coaching program, Meta Ads at Scale. We don't just cover ads, we build complete systems for email, SMS, creative production, and conversion rate optimization. And I personally guarantee results or I'll work with you for free until we get you to your goals. We're heading into the biggest shopping season of the year, so now is a perfect time to dial in your Met Ad strategy and work with someone who's spent over $330 million and driven over billions of dollars in revenue. Click the link in the description to learn more and apply to the program. And if you know someone who could benefit from this program, I now offer a $500 cash referral bonus for anyone you bring into the program. Thanks for watching and I'll see you in the next

  Top Comments:
  1. @nasrodineelghalbzouri4849: How would you implement Andromeda for an online furniture e-commerce store that sells multiple product categories (mirrors, buffets etc)...?
  2. @davidsited: haloo mason. it's mean for 1 adset can filled by various creative?
  3. @learning11-d3g: hey Mason. thank you for an awesome video. Are you still seeing results with audience signals? I been following your previous videos and wanted to see what was your take now post the update.
  4. @MariaGomez-lg2ug: With Andromeda, everyone talks about consolidating ads into a single ad set, but how do I know if my ads are working at the top or bottom of the sales funnel? NOBODY talks about that.

And most importantly — what happens with retargeting and lookalike audiences, which people don’t even mention anymore?

Does it still make sense to separate prospecting from retargeting, or should we just let Meta handle the entire funnel according to its Andromeda system?
  5. @divyv20: Hey Mason, really nice video! I was wondering if I could help you with high Quality Editing and thumbnails which will bring you very good results. Lmk if you are open to it man?
  6. @andiosumayao2984: What will be your new ad account structure for creative testing?

- ANDROMEDA! Full Meta Ads Strategy [2026] SIMPLIFIED: Kind: captions Language: en Hello everyone, welcome to ad signals, and today's video I'm going to be talking about Andromeda and what you don't need to fear and what you need to consider. Meta's Andromeda simplified. So here I'm going to break down and actually I've been working with clients for the last probably three, four, five months on these kind of strategies and this little kind of green thing here is actually a client scribble that I put together and there's other ones as well, but I wanted to put something together for you guys not based on just reading what's happening and just trying to do small experiments. I wanted to get some significant data before I shared it with you because I've seen a lot of people jump into writing blog posts and they just basically regurgitating what's on Meta's own blog posts. A lot of people are creating YouTube videos and they're instilling fear that Andromeda is going to absolutely change the way you run ads. I can tell you right now, it doesn't have to. And what I mean by that is I think a lot of you that are watching this video, you're probably doing a lot of the good things already. So this I don't think for you lot it's going to be a significant change to what you're doing right now, but there are certain things that you're going to have to consider as time goes on because like it's here to stay. The Andromeda algorithm, process, the whole infrastructure is designed to allow Meta to make more money. That's the bottom line. Forget you and me, forget the user and everything like that. The bottom line, Facebook are looking at this and saying how do we make more money out of the platform? Their year-on-year revenues continue to climb. There's only so many placements that they can generate. There's only so much they can increase the CPM, how much they charge you before things start to break. So like one of the one of the things about this is when you look at the old way versus the new way, the old way we used to talk heavily about the pixel and I still do talk heavily about the pixel because the pixel is what you install on your website gives Facebook the visibility of what's actually happening. So if someone clicks, if someone exits, if they progress through your funnel, Facebook are tracking all of that and they're making sense of it as well. And also and I'll touch on and I'll cover this in more detail shortly. When you have the pixel on your website, Facebook can read all the content as well. It's really important to remember that because your creative signals part of it is related to your funnel and your landing pages. So you really important to get that working as well. So the old way was heavy reliance on pixel data. The new way is, you know, what Meta's calling the creative signals. The creative signals are broken down by avatar and then by their journey with your products or service and then also the type of ad they're reacting to and I'll cover what that means later on as well. But essentially I guess we've got these kind of pixel signals, we've got creative signals and all of that is being merged together and Andro- Andromeda and I'll show you the illustration they're trying to predict what's going to actually work a lot more than they have before. So I'm going to show you this one here at first. Now it looks a bit complicated. It really isn't. I'll explain what this model actually means. So on the left-hand side you've got this user requests section. So that's someone on their mobile, someone who's on their desktop. User request just basically means they're on the newsfeed or they're on Instagram and they're just waiting for coffee. So waiting for content. The ads corpus are all the ads that exist that could be served to that user. There's a new process and it's this thing here. I don't know if I can scribble on it. Let me grab my little drawing tool. So this thing here is a huge change that Meta have introduced. So this hierarchical ad index what they're trying to do is if you look at this. So we pick these dark colored circles here. They're all ads. They're all different styles of ads. Meta links all of those and say they're really similar ads. Let's group those into this part here. Then these three ads that here are very similar. Let's link those here. So what ends up happening is and this is the crux, I think that the main part of what Meta is trying to produce is they want you to provide as many variants of ads as possible for as many avatars as you can and let them do the sorting. Now this kind of plays against the way I've been running ads and to this day I still run ads. And the reason is I'm yet to see this work consistently. At some point in the next probably 12 months, Meta will have enough data and and at some point it'll work a lot better, but essentially what they're doing is they're grouping ads based on a number of creative signals, audience signals and things like that. Now this part at the bottom and I don't know if you've seen it, but there's been talk of Nvidia which is a chip company, a kind of microprocessor chip company and then Meta in their own infrastructure. Now this requires this thing here needs a lot of computing time. There's a lot of analysis and stuff that goes in. Now if you imagine a user is here on Instagram and all they all they want is content. In the background Meta says what ads can we serve? How can we find the right ad for the user? How can we decide which one to deliver right now? And then how do we actually deliver those ads back to the user? So simple step-by-step process, but the amount of thinking, computer thinking that goes into it is massive. Now in order for Meta to make this work it needed two things. It needed AI and it needed Nvidia's chips because it needs the logic, it needs the kind of thinking power and it also needs the processing power of actually the machines that are able to do it. Those things have happened over the last few years thanks to chat GPT's explosion which has actually helped Nvidia as a company take off. But anyway, that's a side side thing. What you need to know here is this part in the middle because when Meta is looking at this thing here called the hierarchical ad index that's where they are trying to get you and I'm going to write you here. They want you to focus on this part here. Because if you just I don't want to use the word dump. I need a better word than dump. But if you're going to dump a bunch of ads in I would hope you've done some research first, but let's just say you put lots of ads into one ad set. So here there's what? 2 4 6 8 10 12 14 There's 15 ads here. So if you drop that into an ad set and we have campaign we have an ad set and then we have 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 ads. That's what Meta is looking for. I'll put that bit cleaner at the bottom. So one times campaign, one times ad set. As an example, 15 times ads. So Meta's goal is, "Hey, look at Meta advertising is so simple. You just need one campaign. Decide you want sales, do you want leads, do you want video views?" All that kind of stuff. And all you need is one ad set. And within that ad set you just go just put in your location put in your age gender and that's it. Look how easy it is to run ads on Meta and all and then all you do is just give us 15 ads and then on top of that AI will help you build the ads as well. So in Meta's world running ads is so simple and this is the thing that I find when I speak to Meta reps they also believe in this as well. So in their mind they're like, "Just run one campaign, do one ad set and just drop 15 ads in there." And just and then they will tell you this. Just put put a budget in of about 500 dollars and let it run and it'll be amazing. Here's the reality. No For most small business owners, just dropping $500 a day in a single ad set, that's scary. Because first of all, like you don't know if these ads are going to work, right? So you're dropping $500 in, you could be thousands of dollars down before you start to see any result, before you start to see the this algorithm and stuff doing its thing. That's the massive flaw in this that it needs data and it needs ad spend. Now when Meta run these kind of things, they often go to their kind of premium clients and we're talking about people that spend millions a year with Meta, if not more, like tens of millions with Meta. Spending $500 a day on a test for Meta is absolutely pocket change for them. So then they will come back with these results and say, "It worked amazing. We started off at $500 a day, did one campaign, one ad set, 15 ads. I let it run for 3 days and the results were mind-blowing and all that kind of stuff." There's a few problems with that. Number one is not everyone has the ability to spend $500 a day without worrying about what happens. And number two unfortunately by going to these big brands, they're discounting the fact that they are brands. So if the brand just ends up running 15 ads, first of all, their pixel data is very strong and secondly they've been running ads for a long time anyway. So their customers are expecting something and they're going to react and there's so many variables and stuff and I've spoken to Facebook about this. You cannot run a program like this to premium advertisers and then present it to small businesses because by the way, the 9.9 plus million advertisers that don't really know what they're doing, they are the small advertisers. They're the ones that are they just launched three comp store or they've just started freelancing or they found a local client and they just want to run ads and things like that or they've got a book and they want to sell it online. They're the people that are struggling. Now if I if I was to go to them and say, "Hey, this is how you run Andromeda. Just do one campaign, one ad set, just do some broad targeting, just drop 15 ads in there, some videos, some images, some UGC and just put your budget at $500 a day and give it 3 4 days and just see what happens." I'm going to get a lot of negative reviews and say, "This guy doesn't know what he's doing. He's cost us thousands. We didn't make any money. It's been a disaster." But when Facebook say it, you say it looks really good. We should probably try it cuz Facebook said it. No, guard yourself against this stuff. And and this happens with every release of Facebook stuff, CBO, Advantage Plus, everything they drop in, take it with a pinch of salt until you've seen enough evidence that it's working and then start doing a small test yourself. So then you look at this and say, "How do I make it work for me?" And that's something which I want to make sure by the end of this you have a game plan to make this work as well. Now the other part of this is this model called Meta's generative ads. So they call it GEM, G E M, should be GAM, but that doesn't sound as cool. And by the way, if you've got questions, just kind of post them below and I'll answer those at the end as well. Meta's generative ads model this builds on top of this diagram here. This is a layer below this. Now I'm not going to go into the detail here, not just because I don't want to confuse you, but I also don't fully understand the detail here. So I'm not going to explain something I don't understand. What I do understand is what they're trying to do is understand a user a lot better. The bottom line for you is to understand if this model is to work Facebook need to know your intent as a user. Like I I share this example and I've shared this for many years. If you take an example of any given user throughout their day, they might use different devices and they might have different intent during the day. So I'll give you an example and this was I think this was a story that Facebook actually shared with us many years ago when I went to one of their events and they said, "For example, let's say you're targeting someone with clothing and it's a female clothing brand. So your ideal prospect as an example, she wakes up in the morning 6:30, she checks her phone, she's on Instagram first thing in the morning and then 5 10 minutes later, she's out of bed, she's getting ready and things like that." In that 10 minutes she was checking Instagram, she's not going to click any links, she's not going to buy anything, but she's been browsing and if your ad appears, she may have taken notice. Few hours ago, she's ready, she's now leaving or maybe not a few hours, but an hour or so goes, she now leaves for work. Now let's say she commutes and she takes the train and the bus. While she's on that commute, she's also back on Instagram checking in what her friends are doing, liking friends posts and other brands she follows and things like that. She might see an ad and she might click, but because she's on her way onto work, she's very unlikely to buy. Then let's say she's at work, phone's off. Lunchtime comes around, but this time she's on her desktop and she's on Facebook and checking in on what's happening there. She sees a nice ad and maybe she sees your ad and the ad is this summer outfit and she thinks it looks good. She clicks it, has a browse on the product page and makes a note of it and then actually maybe she does some configuration, clicks the add to cart and says, "I'll come back later and have a think about that product." Later comes 5 6:00 in the evening going back home again on the mobile browsing Instagram not necessarily clicking or doing anything. Gets back home, does her evening routine and then maybe 9:00 at night, she's back on Facebook and checking in and then she sees your retargeting ad and that retargeting ad has a 15% offer and she said, "I really did like that thing that I added to cart earlier." She clicks the 15% offer, finds the products again cuz by by the way, she added to cart on desktop, but on mobile the data is not there. She finds the product, checks out and buys. Now throughout all of that, Facebook is collecting all this data. So when you look at this data here, this is exactly what they're explaining on the right hand side. So when a user is taking the certain actions, Facebook is collecting all of that data. For example, if they're clicking on Facebook clicking on Instagram or actually converting or all the things in between that they can do. They can like and comment, they can view a video. There's so many actions that go into it. What Facebook's trying to do is to predict and it's a massive prediction model. This is the thing about it. Prediction is not like a prediction is not factual. So if someone knows if if Meta knows this user is likely to do these actions, it's a prediction model. At the end of the day, even if it's the most superpowered AI in the world, it's still a prediction because let's say for example she has to work through lunch on the following day, she's not online. So your prediction failed cuz you assumed that she was going to do a certain action. So Meta's building all that in so that when it can figure out the hierarchical model it knows that number the ad number one should be this, ad number two should be this, ad number three should be this, ad number four you've made you've done ad one and two, you've seen that already. Now we're going to serve ad number three. So it's starting to build that picture. In theory, this could be really amazing because it's building up that knowledge of across device behavior and the actions that a user is taking. So in theory, if all you do is just drop a number of UGC ads, you drop some testimonials, you drop some carousel ads, you drop some videos and images and you drop all of those into a single ad set, then in theory, Meta will not just decide, you know, what to serve at a particular time, it'll decide on the sequence as well. So it'll say for example, most users react better to a video first, then they react better to a static image, then they react better to a video again. It will figure out that path without you having to think about it. So that's the big goal of what they're trying to build and this complex looking thing here is essentially that prediction model. So hopefully that makes sense in terms of how Andromeda's developing. Now one thing I will say is and and I wanted to explain some of the smaller parts of this as well. Now one thing it does is to filter weak creatives before the auction. So I mentioned this word here, predictive. What it's trying to also do is to filter out ads it doesn't think will work. This is really important because when you think about your test strategy if you just follow this path here and I'm not saying you shouldn't. If you want to test this out this says just drop 15 ads in and let Meta decide which ads are going to work or not. So essentially what ends up happening is you have to absolutely trust the algorithm. What that means is if you drop those 15 ads in and some ads get very little traffic or no traffic and and some ads get more spend and the others don't rather than you saying, "I'm going to pull some and try and force traffic here." You're supposed to absolutely leave it alone because what Meta's doing is saying, "We've filtered out the ads that we don't think will work." It's this prediction model. So if you've dropped those 15 ads in it might look at that and say, "Actually, based on experience of these kinds of avatars that you're after and these audiences these ads probably won't work, so we're not going to serve it." So this is the thing about it and that's why Meta will tell you don't touch it because you're not supposed to touch it because it starts screwing with the algorithm. So if you're the type of person like me that wants control, that wants to be able to influence which ads get tested to get the proper data and let the auction decide then this model is going to be very frustrating because to in order to make it work, you're going to have to take a step back and actually let Facebook get on with it. It's the same problem that happened when Meta created CBO. You were supposed to step back and let the campaign budgets decide most users didn't do that and then they complained that CBO didn't work. So if you're trying to use the strict Andromeda model, this is what you're supposed to do. It doesn't mean you can't have more than one ad set. You can absolutely have two three ad sets, but in there, you're just meant to drop your ads in and don't touch. So Meta starts to self optimize. So if you can do that, then maybe the Andromeda update is for you. It matches people and creatives at an individual level. So this is really important because where I described here, it's starting to deliver these ads, this is one user request and then these are ad candidates for that one user. So your 15 ads for example, I'm just going to have to draw the curtain slightly cuz the sun has surprisingly decided to come out. If you're dropping those 15 ads in, those 15 ads are sorted for every individual user that comes through to Meta's system. So those ads as you can see from the different coloring, just to denote that they're different ads, are served in different ways. So what they do is firstly group them based on the types of ads that you've got then they start to use this model to decide which kind of ads are the more likely to work and then they deliver them. So let's say for example, this gray one is ad one, that one's ad two, that's ad three and that's ad four then they're sequencing it on a per user basis and this is why you're not supposed to touch the ad sets because it's self configuring in the way that when the individual user sees the ad, some ads might naturally get more impressions, some might naturally get less, but it's all because it's at the user level. So, that's really important to understand. The third part, it favors automation and Advantage Plus over manual control. So, again, if you're in the minority like me and you know what you're doing, this probably is going to frustrate you and it will probably not work in the way you want it to as well. Where it will work is for someone that doesn't really know what they're doing on Meta, doesn't really want to go through training, doesn't want to get advice, they just want to get into Meta and often they'll just jump on a call with a Meta rep and the recommendation will be this, just run a campaign ad set, just drop your ads in and let Meta do their thing. They'll probably get that down to $50. You need a decent spend and they'll just say don't touch the ads, just let Meta optimize and let Meta optimize. You probably need to give it 7 to 10 days in order to see something. In that time, you're going to have to sit on your hands. Now, here's a massive problem for you. Now, I know some of you run ads for clients. I honestly don't think Andromeda is going to work for you. Now, imagine the scenario where you're working with a client's ad account and you've launched a campaign and ad set and you've got 15 ads there and literally just do nothing for 5 days. How do you think your client's going to react to that? Yes, you can explain to your client, "Hey, this is Andromeda. This is how we run ads now." But just imagine going to a client and saying, "We're just going to drop 15 ads in, we're going to spend $50 a day and just give it 10 days and just see what If I was a client and I knew nothing about ads, I'm like, "That doesn't sound right. Like, why would you not look at it daily and start making configurations and stuff?" Oh, no, Meta said, "We just need to leave it and just let Meta do their thing." Client would probably look at that and say, "I could do that myself. What's the point in hiring you?" And here's the other problem, thanks to AI, the easiest part of Meta ads, which is the creative I'm going to argue and the copy and stuff, clients can do that themselves. They don't need to be technical wizardries to figure out ad set targeting or campaigns and things like that. This part is getting easier. Meta have intentionally made these parts easier for people like that. So, if you have clients, you're going to end up in a situation where your clients are going to be like, "I can just run it myself. I can get AI to create my copy. I can get AI to create my videos and create my images. Why do I need an agency for?" And that's going to be something that you're going to have to figure out because if you are running Andromeda, I think that for a certain spend level, for clients doing it for businesses doing it themselves, it might be a good start point if they can make it work. And that means they need enough budget, they need enough creative variety. To give you an example, one of the reasons why we are building into Ad Signals AI so much around ad creative is for this reason because the differentiator for you is going to come down to these things, how you create your avatar, how you do your copywriting and your angles and creating your images and things like that. That's going to be your differentiator. So, back in the day and we talked about maybe five even five years ago, maybe even two three years ago, a lot of the agencies and freelancers knew the technical side a lot better than clients ever did or ever will. Meta are trying to make that easier now and especially with AI. I'll give you an example, sometimes I need a tracking code, so like a pixel event code, I need need a new code. Previously, I'd either go to Google and search for the actual code and make an edit or I'd go to old code and copy and paste and maybe just change the event name. Now, I just go to ChatGPT and say, "Hey, I need an add to cart event with a $97 price point. Give me the code." And it just does it in 3 seconds and it's there. I can do that. Business owners will start thinking like that as well. For example, okay, Meta told me one campaign, one ad set, guide me through what to do. AI will do that. In fact, our own Ad Signals AI does that for you as well. So, if clients are starting to use that, then the problem is what purpose do I serve as an agency owner and a freelancer? The big thing is going to be on creative signals. Your differentiator is here. And I'd probably say 80% of your influence is going to be here, but there is still going to be an influence on the data, the pixel, the CAPI and all that kind of stuff, which clients don't really care about, but is really important as well. And that's something you're going to have to push in as well. So, we talked about automation. So, Advantage Plus essentially gives Facebook a ton of control. Manual control is how you can actually test ads properly and things like that. Then the last point here is it rewards creative diversity and not microtargeting. So, for example, if you look at this in terms of Let's have a look down here. So, this campaign structure here, we have broad and narrow audience. This is how I run ads. So, what I do here is I create a an ad set here. So, this is my ad set. And then I have it per avatar. So, this is avatar number one for example, this is avatar two. So, one, two and avatar three. So, by defining a broad audience narrow avatar, that basically allows me to create ads specifically for one avatar. This works and it will continue to work. This is the way I like to do it because when you're when I'm talking to a specific avatar, let's say for example, it's a supplement brand. Avatar one could be moms or moms if you want to call it North American. This one could be athletes and I'm not saying moms can't be athletes, but just being specific. This one could be bodybuilders. So, three distinct avatars and I could have defined those with a 500 avatar and create those. Now, if you imagine the ads here, all of my ads here are focused on moms. So, hey, it's tiring, you got kids, you're low on energy, maybe low on iron. All my messages around that. Athletes, I'm talking about recovery times. I'm talking about extending your stamina and your lactic acid wastage and all that kind of stuff. Bodybuilders, I'm talking about protein and mass and things like that. So, logically, the this kind of split makes sense, right? We have three very distinct avatars. What Meta is telling you to do instead is instead have one broad ad set. So, in this respect, like this could be for example, uh female, I don't know, 21 to 50. This one could be male, female, 25 to 40, whatever it is. What Meta is saying here is just do an ad set, male, female, 18 plus for example, and that's it. That's it, you're done. And it might be country based, it might be location, whatever it is. But drop all your ads into here. So, here for example, I've got avatar one, I've got avatar two, I've got avatar three, got all these angles and hooks and some of them are videos, some of them are statics, some of them are UGC and all that kind of stuff. So, Meta is saying drop all of that into the ad set and let us figure it out. Can this work? It can because of Meta's model at the individual level. And here lies another problem. Imagine going to a client and saying, "Hey, we've got these three avatars. We identified moms, athletes and bodybuilders. Just going to drop them all into one ad set and just let Meta figure it out." Again, it's going to be a hard thing to explain. Some customers don't care and all clients don't care and that's fine. But also, when you're running these ads, for me it is stressful because I'm looking at this and saying, "Male, female, 18 plus, I've got this group here which are my" I'll do the North American spelling. That's how my kids do it now. "I've got these moms, we've got these athletes and we've got these bodybuilders. What happens if the male starts to see the moms campaign?" Now, in theory, they shouldn't because Meta knows who are going to respond to the moms, the athletes and things like that. But that's the thing that I find difficult to get my head around is I don't trust Meta. I don't know if you follow me for any amount amount of time, you probably know that when Meta come up with products and ideas like this, I'm always skeptical. Until I've made it work consistently and with significant spend, I'm skeptical. This is why I will personally continue to run this. However, what I will start to do is to drop more ads into the mix. So, where previously I've said run a minimum of three ads, now it might be a case of running a minimum of six, running a minimum of 10, but I would still recommend that those ad sets are split by logic. So, logic for me here is my avatar. Logic for you could be different audiences for example. So, one might be a lookalike of Let's say you're in finance. So, one could be a lookalike of people that have bought insurance. One could be a lookalike of people that have invested. Yes, they could be the same person, but maybe you want to target them differently. So, if you have a logical way of splitting, then that this kind of model for me would make most sense. If you want to trust Meta and give it a go and you're free to do I'm not going to say you don't do that, then this is the model that they want you to move to. You could for example, split into two ad sets, one is male, one is female if you're really worried about that, but you're not supposed to layer on too much more targeting than that. For example, when I start running my test ads, I always do Instagram and Facebook newsfeed until I've proven that these ads are working, then I'll do all placements. Whereas here, you're just meant to start off with all placements, broad, no targeting. In fact, no exclusion as well. This is the other thing that they're trying to push you towards is when we talk about the setup, so the way I run my setup, and some of you will know this, and I'll cover it off on this side, is we set up the funnel in this kind of format. We have our cold audience. We have our warm. We have our hot. And then we have our customers at the bottom. And the idea is someone who's at the cold level hasn't interacted with you at all, no clicks, no engagement, anything like that. People at the warm level have engaged. People at the hot level have clicked. And then you have customers at the bottom. And then therefore, my campaign structure is set up in that way. So I have a campaign for each of these levels. And it means I can communicate with them in in in the way that they need it at moment in time. And we have ad sets here. And then we have our ads. So this is the way I still run my campaigns. But what Meta would want you to do is instead do it this way. So you have your cold, warm, hot, and customers. And you have one campaign. Like that's it. And then within that, you might have one or two ad sets. That doesn't even look like an S. And then you have your ads below that. It's all in terms of simply simplification. Now if you've seen Advantage Plus campaigns, you can actually split these out by new and returning customers. So you can set up audiences that define who is a new new prospect and who's a returning customer. And then you're supposed to let Meta decide on which ad to serve which person. And in the ad set, you drop your new and your repeat customers in there. Not to exclude and not to target, but purely to identify. So when an ad gets served, Meta decides who's going to see what. One ad gets to warm, one ad gets to an existing customer. But Meta makes that decision. I'm not entirely comfortable with that because and on one side the argument is if there's less data, then we can split the we can't split the data as well as we want. And certainly for small businesses that are just starting out, if you're brand new business and you're let's say you're spending 50 dollars a day, you've only got cold to focus on. There's no engagement, there's no clicks and stuff. So you literally just started. But very quickly, day 10 for example, now you're starting to get people a lot more people engaging and clicking. At this point, especially once they get thousands, if not tens of thousands, are hitting my warm and thousands into hot, I want to serve them, control my ad spend to them, and I want to control my messaging to them. So this is this comes back to this point of Andromeda supports automation over manual control. I still would prefer the manual control. That's because I like to see exactly what my numbers are, and I want to manage my budget effectively based on performance. Now, you could say I don't care about that. I just want one campaign, and if my ROAS is good, I don't care. But herein lies a problem. So let's say for example, you've got a 3x ROAS here, and you're you're super happy, and things are great. And in the old campaign structure, maybe it was a 2.5 x ROAS. And you look at that and say, clearly the Andromeda is working better. I recently had this problem or this situation with a particular client. And actually, they had external tracking in place. So we could actually see exactly what was happening with Meta. And when we looked at this, the 3x ROAS, I think it was something like 80% of the business that came through was returning customers, and 20% was new. Now guess what happens to a business over time when you are not replenishing your new customers? This one was an e-commerce store. Their average order value, I think it was about 150 dollars. So it was a slightly considered purchase. Now, the reason they reached out to me earlier this year was because their new customer rate was dropping. When you looked at their new customer graph, it was like that, and then it was in decline. But performance was good, and they were kind of like, we can't figure this out. What's happening? This is what's happening. Even if you set this up, it won't always respect it, and it won't always recognize it as well. So for example, it was a Shopify store, and we uploaded custom audiences and all that kind of stuff. It can't always match it first of all. But even then, it will try and focus on performance. And it will in this case, it tried to focus on return on ad spend, and it was getting a good return on ad spend. But we weren't getting enough new customers through. So in this kind of model, going back to this, we flipped it, and it was something like I think we got it to 40% and 60%. So we started to improve that, and the goal would be to then split that around. So we're getting a lot more new customers. ROAS started to drop because those new customers were actually more expensive. Whereas they were trained to think the ROAS was cheap, but it was because they kept on going after repeat customers. Repeat customers, they know you, they like you, they trust you. This was a product that people bought every 3 to 6 months. So they would have probably bought anyway. We were spending money regardless. So this is this becomes a more complex problem the more the complex the more the established the business is as well. So it's not a simple case of just let Meta get on with it. Meta don't have full access to everything else that's going on. And to give you an example, this particular client was also running Google Ads. Meta had no visibility of what was happening on Google Ads. On Google, I think it was like 90% new, and then 10% of returning. And the crazy part of this is a lot of the traffic that Google was driving was going into Meta as click data, and then converting on Meta. So again, when we started to look at even the 20% of new that came through, the majority of the top of the funnel came from Google. If you eliminated Google, then a lot of this traffic would be taken out as well. So what ends up happening is Meta gets lazy. So in this instance, it was focusing number one on conversions happening from existing customers, number two conversions from hot, number three from warm. And it wasn't even considering cold audiences. So essentially, while they were trying to grow their business through Meta, all they were doing was piggybacking off Google and existing customers. And Meta was quite happy with itself saying, "Hey, you've got great performance." But in reality, it was not growing the business. So this is maybe an edge case to you, but this is a regular occurrence for me where I'm working with larger clients, and it the Andromeda isn't built for that. So Andromeda's priority, coming back to what you need to consider for Andromeda, number one is creative diversity. So this should be a given, and I think probably everything you've read about Andromeda talked about creative diversity. I'll break a bit of that down in a short as well. The second priority is the messaging. Now, I'll explain two parts of this shortly, but the messaging is essentially your offer. So the copy, the call to action, and things like that. Then the third part is the funnel. So this is the landing page and then what you get to do what you get them to do from the funnel. And then the fourth part is targeting. This isn't important for Andromeda. If you don't do much with the targeting, I think Andromeda will generally do a good job. And I think this is why I still rely on broad audiences more than anything, and then I fall back to interest because the targeting is a lot better in that way as well. This also relates to how I've been running ads for the longest time. And what I've been telling people are the most important four things that you need to worry about when it comes to Facebook Ads. Number one is your product or service, and how much of a market fit you've got. So for example, if you have a brand I had a call yesterday actually. There's a lady that runs software for people selling houses, so realtors and things like that. And it's a new piece of software, nothing else like it in the market and things like that. And she was like, "I want to run ads, and I don't know where to start." And I said, "Are people buying? Do you have customers in that?" She goes, "I've got a few, but I'm not sure like what what things what feature the products are interested in and things like that." If you don't have product market fit, which means you know exactly who your audience is, what offer works, and you know, what funnel works, if you don't have these four things, Meta's going to get expensive, but you need to spend in order to learn. So for her, it was like, "Okay, let's run some ads, low spend, and start testing to see what the market reacts to." So she's got five USPs, unique selling points. Let's go and test those out with a broad audience, run a bunch of ads, and just see what the data tells us. What ads are getting clicks, what ads are once they visit the landing page, what they're doing on the landing page, install Microsoft Clarity, start to see how people are using it. And she had a tech person on the call, and I said, "Don't worry about the funnel and conversion rates and making it so cool. Just get the clicks and see what the people are doing." That's like the one most important thing. This also comes down to how well known your product is. So if you're selling phone cases on Meta, you don't really need a product market fit. People are always looking for phone cases. So you don't need to start running speculative ads. Would someone be interested in a phone case? You can use Google Trends, which is for looking at search data, to double-check that, but I can tell you people search for that product all the time. So, the product market fit is there. Then you look at audience and say, "Okay, who would buy my product or who would take up my service?" So, in the case of the Real Tel software, she's after consumers, so people who are looking to move house. Okay, so what type of people move house? You've got first-time buyers, you've got second-time buyers, you've got investors that are buying to let, you've got and breakdowns of families, singles, couples, elderly. Like when we start to break down their audiences, there's a number of different avatars. And then from there, you say, "What's my prime or what's my first three avatars I care most about?" Then you can work on the offer. And the offer is the bridge between the product and the audience. That's all it is. It's not discount, promotion, all those things. It's like, "How do I convince these group of people to buy this thing or to take up this service?" And then the funnel is, "Where do I send them to in order to convert them into some kind of action?" So, for them it was like a trial or whatever it was with the software. They're the four most important things to think about when you run Facebook ads. So, if you're looking at Andromeda and saying, "Will this model work? How do I need to set up my structure and things like that?" First of all, get your product or service market fit. Secondly, you must define your avatars. And this is why we, like literally the first thing that we developed in this app was the avatar builder. Because this is the single most important part of getting your ads working effectively. Knowing, having an idea of who your audience is and what the offer is, and then just creating that avatar from there. Because that's essentially what's going to help you to build every part of your targeting. So, target audience, let's say for the real estate app, first-time buyers, so people looking to buy their house for the first time, don't have too much experience, and and need some guidance and advice. What's the offer? Download this app, it will take you through it step-by-step, seamless, take away your stress, all that kind of stuff. Create the avatar from there. Once you've got the avatar, then you can start thinking about the messaging. So, what kind of angles do I have? What kind of hooks do I have? So, an angle is, for example, for a first-time home buyer, "Don't get caught up in all the jargon. Here's how to simplify." Or it could be as a first-time home buyer, "If you're worried about mortgages and all the complexity, then here's how to simplify." And then here's how our app helps. So, the angle is all to do with the different reasons why someone would be interested in your product or service. And then the hooks are just playing on that. So, for example, we talked about for this one, using humor. So, for example, we have another client that started to use those gorilla AI ads running around in the forest and talking about the product and things like that. Something which is going to cut through the newsfeed. So, that's your hook. And then the format, static video, is it UGC, is it whatever kind of style it is that you've broken down, that becomes so much more important than your structure and how you're setting up your ads. But the variety is what matters. And it's the variety that's going to allow you to make ads work. Whether it's Andromeda's setup in terms of campaign or just Andromeda working at your ad set levels. Cuz the thing is, this isn't something you switch on and off. There's no toggle that says, "Use Andromeda or don't use Andromeda." There's using Andromeda as Meta wants you to use it, then there's using Andromeda in a way that's going to work for you. The way that works for me is this campaign structure here, which is avatar-based ad sets, and then avatar-based ads. So, that's still using the Andromeda setup, except rather than running two or three ads live, I want to be running six, maybe even 10 ads in the ad set. I wouldn't have done this a year ago or two years ago, because I want my ads to be served and I talked about the spend, the budget to ad ratio and things like that. But the way Meta's working right now is it wants more ads and it wants ad variety. So, angle one, angle two, angle three, hook one, hook two, hook three, different ad formats, different ad styles. And those ad styles are all related to the type of ads you can deliver. So, when we talk about angles and hooks, this is the kind of construct. So, if I can go back to here on the left-hand side, so this is how we run it in the BPM method. So, I I think those of you in Ad Signals should know this. If not, then you'll get to know. So, we create our multiple avatars. And I've just shown you the three example avatars, the mom, the athlete, and the bodybuilder. You go through that process inside of the 5W avatar creator inside of Ad Signals AI. Once you've created those avatars, then you have an idea of where people are in terms of their needs and desires and outcomes. Now, every type of ad I run, I break it down into either a painkiller or a supplement. In fact, let's color code that, cuz a supplement is forward-facing and positive. A painkiller is immediate, short-term, and you need to get it fixed straight away. if you have a killer headache right now, and I have a supplement that in 90 days can transform migraines, that's a disconnect, cuz you're not interested in a 90-day transformation. You need pain relief right now. If I run an ad that says, "We can give you instant pain relief." And let's say, for example, it's "We can deliver to your house in 3 hours." Then that's a painkiller. Or or we say, "Drop into store and just pick it up and here's a discount." That's a pain There's literally a painkiller, cuz you've got a killer headache, we're delivering you some medication, it's going to get rid of it instantly, then great, it's a painkiller. Now, let's flip that and say, you you're a chronic sufferer of migraine, like I am. If there's an ad that says, "If you're a chronic sufferer of migraine, this program will transform your migraines in the next 30 to 40 days." Then I'm more likely to take that, because I want a positive long-term outcome, and I'm more likely to invest in something that is going to give me a future, a more future result than a more immediate result. If I see an ad that says, "Here's an instant fix for your headache." But it's like a short-term, like 24 hours, it lasts 24 hours. I'm not interested in that. I want a supplement. I want something that's going to be future-facing. So, generally every single ad that you create will come down to this. Am I solving something immediately right now, or am I solving something that's a future-facing problem? Like, for example, cat, you asked about some campaign for a club or some event and things like that. And you might look at this and say, "Is that a painkiller or a supplement?" It could be both. A painkiller is, "I need to figure out what to do with myself and my partner for New Year's Eve. We want to go out somewhere. I don't know what to do." But actually, it could be a supplement, because it's not just solving an immediate problem, it's actually future-facing and saying, "In 2 months' time or whatever, 4 weeks' time, I want to do something and I want to do something cool and I want some ideas, and here's a supplement for that." So, you're planning your product and your messaging around that. The second part is, and this is actually a big part of creating the avatar. So, when you go through this pro- process of creating the 5W avatar, a big part of what we do in the background is work with Maslow's hierarchy of needs. So, this is developed 60, 70, maybe even 100 years ago now, I can't remember. But essentially, what this does is it breaks down the human development process into five steps. Now, whether you agree it's five steps, some people put Wi-Fi at the bottom as a basic human need. You can decide that for yourself. But these are basically what people need to survive and then to thrive. So, in order to survive, you need food, water, sleep. You need safety, security, and resources. So, they're the base layers. So, for you for any human to be satisfied, happy, you need those two. Then in order to thrive, you need a sense of belonging, you need self-esteem, and you need self-actualization. So, this, for example, is where people start to think about others, they give charity, or they want to become an entrepreneur, and all those kind of things. So, there's different levels to this. Now, when you pitch your product or your service, it will play on different parts of this as well. Now, let's say, for example, you're selling water. Water is a very basic need. You don't need to explain anything about water. Literally every human on Earth knows what water is and why it's important. So, if you're selling water, it's easy to explain what it is, very hard to sell, cuz water's free for a lot of people, you can get it out of the tap, or it's very cheap, you can get it from the supermarket. Now, if you look at it and say, "Actually, our water's special, because it's got electrolytes, it's built for sports, it's all these kind of things." Think about Red Bull. Red Bull is water with wings, with all these bad additives and sugars and things like that. They're not targeting your basic needs, they're targeting this self-actualization, the higher purpose, the impact, the creativity. That's why Red Bull are always doing those daring things, like jumping off a weather balloon or hot air balloon, whatever it was, at the edge of space. Or I saw a video a few weeks ago of someone skateboarding down the side of a massive building. Or you see those homemade or garage-made flying devices and they fly off into the water. They're targeting people based on wanting to do more in life. So, if the ad was, "Hey, you need to drink and you need to survive and here's a drink that can help you survive." Or whatever it was, they would have worked through all these layers and found their space, which is you want to do something different, something with adrenaline. You want to have a big impact. You want memories. You want What Whatever it is. You want to be cool with your friends. That's the advertising that they put in. So, what I found with advertising is every ad, every offer falls into some part of this as well. And I'm pretty sure if you look at your ads, you'll be able to break them down into this as well. Then that's how we create the different angles. So, once we have those angles, and again the AI app we have helps with that, then you have your various hooks within that. So, for every one angle, you have multiple hooks. And then for every hook, you have multiple formats. And then for every format, you have multiple ads. So, you can see very quickly you can create a number of ads for any campaign very fast. And that's something which fortunately we've been able to do a lot more now that we've got our own AI. And you can use Chat GPT and things like that. And you can argue some of this, not all of it, can be done through Chat GPT. We're just making that whole process faster and easier using our frameworks. Now, when you look at this and say, "Okay, I can create many ads, what kind of ads should I be creating?" Well, I'm glad you asked. There are many different ads you can create. And these are just a list of a few things that we put together. Identity-based. Why is my pen so large? Identity-based. So, for example, if you are Where is my So, identity-based is looking at you as a person. So, for example, if I'm advertising to business owners, I can look at them and say, "Hey, you're in this position right now. Here's where you want to be, and here's how we're going to help." So, that's identity-based ads there. Then you've got problem-first ads. So, these ones are you're talking about the trying to get the person into the mindset of the kind of hole that they're in right now. Then you've got desire and outcome ads. These are less about where you are right now. They're about where you can be. So, for example, if you see a lot of the kind of bro marketers and Instagram and things like that, they have the fast cars, they have the the holidays, they have the lifestyle and things like that. That's desire-and-outcome based. Then you have demonstration or demo ads. So, you'll see ads where they're like And in fact, I've started that for the Ad Signals AI app, which is the ad that actually just showing you how to create an ad avatar. And be like, "In the next 60 seconds, I'm going to create an avatar and create some ads. I'm going to upload those into Meta." So, like that is a hook. It's pretty good. And then I can go and demonstrate how to do that in 60 seconds with a call to action that says, "Hey, by the way, you can get access to this app as well." Then you've got story ads. These could be talking about you as a founder, talking about your customer, where they were, all those kind of things. Testimonial and social proof. And then you've got And I think that's kind of obvious. Offer-forward ads. So, these are Here's a promotion. Objection-killer ads. These are often bottom of funnel, but you've got this thing that you're concerned about, here's why it's not a problem. Competitor-category contrast. So, you can start throwing rocks at the enemies. And then you've got all the different format variations. So, UGC, founder, green screen, carousel. So, when we talk about ad variation, and we're talking about formats, and we're talking about different types of ads that we can run. I Like I talked about having an infinite set of ideas. I I don't run out of ideas anymore, especially now that we've got our own AI app. Once that avatar is created, it's very easy to create multiple variants of that. And this is where the Rubik's Cube creative concept comes from, which is You know, our kind of old way of thinking, we would try and line up our creative like this cube on the right. So, the idea is let's get all of the similar ads together into different ad sets. So, if you imagine these are ad set one, ad set two. It's not very good. Ad set two and three. And then you might group ads together. What Meta's saying is don't do it like that, but actually do it in this way. So, where you're actually splitting your ad sets, put Make sure that every ad set has a big variety of ads in it. So, don't group them all together. And also, what Meta's saying is the more similar the ads, the more chance that it will not get served. And it's because of this. You'll probably end up coming across this if you haven't already. When ads are put into the mix here. Now, let's say for example, we've got one, two. So, even if we just use the colors here, right? So, we've got one, two, three, four, five, six, maybe seven similar colors. Now, let's say those are ads. Meta would look at this and say, "There's seven very similar ads. We're going to eliminate this. We're going to eliminate that. And we'll leave these two running. This is also similar to That's also similar. That's also similar. So, it might end up running one, two, three, four, five, six, seven ads. Even though you dropped 15 in there, eight, for example, are now taken away because they're too similar. Because the way Facebook's looking at it is if we've got a limited chance of delivery, if all your ads are very similar, then we're going to have to pick and choose because the predictive model says which ones should we actually enter into the auction. So, the more variety, the better. In this kind of example, let's say you've got one ad here, which is Let's supersize it. Let's just say that this ad here is ad A. This is ad B. And you've got a split test going on. And the only difference is the color in the background. Whether Facebook sees that as enough of a change or not, I'm not entirely sure. Now, let's say for example, the split is actually exactly the same copy, but one is image, one is video. That is definitely enough of a variation for Facebook to try and serve both. Let's just say ad C and ad D exactly the same image, but different copy. Is that enough for them to get equal servings? It may or may not. So, this is what you need to be thinking about in terms of Rubik's Cube and how you're actually setting up your creative to make sure that you're getting the delivery that you need for your ads as well. So, if we go back to our list here. So, how do you actually create an edge in what you're doing? The biggest part of this right now for you as an advertiser is your creative strategy is everything. Previously, you could make a claim for being really good on the platform and stuff like that. And I'd argue the BPM method has been trying to get this across to the market since we launched it publicly in 2018 that the creative strategy is everything. So, brand-driven performance marketing. That actually means that brand comes first. Brand is your avatar, customer research, what they're thinking, what they're feeling, everything that goes into the avatar, and then how you actually put that into your creative plan. So, brand-driven performance marketing says, "Okay, we are performance marketers. We put money in, we look at metrics, and we make decisions." But what's more important than that is actually the brand part. if 2018 it fell on deaf ears because you could make ads work easier. In 2025, in 26, in 27, brand and everything that brand stands for has just been amplified. And I think Andromeda's just full steam onto it from as well. Structured creative pipelines outperform random tests. So, again, going back to this kind of model, what I do here and and looking at my setup here, I test these based on avatar as well. So, I The way I run it is I have a separate test campaign. And then within that, I run different ad sets. And then within the ad sets, I then run my ads for testing. Now, the reason I test this before I put it into the main account, and I make sure every ad gets impressions, is because I want to be able to make the decision, not Meta. I don't trust the algorithm. If I go back to this example and I say, "Meta's going to automatically exclude some of your ads." You could get 15 ads together, and you've put poured sweat and guts and everything just to get those live, whatever it is. Or maybe you paid a lot of money, maybe it took a lot of time. If Meta comes back and says seven of these ads that you created, 8 50% 60% of your ads, they're never going to get served. That's a bit poor, I think. And like that's a poor experience. I know why Meta's doing it, and for basic advertisers, it's fine. But for us, we know what we're doing. I don't I don't want that. I want to make sure that every ad I put into the auction has been validated with data. So, that means 100% of the ads, not 50%, have had traffic, and I can decide whether they work or not. If you want Meta to decide that for you, that's fine. But if I'm spending the time and money in creating the videos and the images and putting the copy together and launching them, I want to make sure they get served. And this is why I use the graduation testing method. Graduation testing method is and will still be valid going forward. Graduation testing, there are four things that we focus on. So, number one is you have to start off with an audience. In most cases, I go with I generally always start with broad, and then I always start with interests. Let's put an proper end. Because when I don't have any data, I don't have custom audiences, I can't do lookalikes. So, the very first thing is broad and interest. And that's why within the Ad Signals AI app, that's exactly the way we set up our avatars here as well. So, the way it works, and I'll kind of load up an example, we always have a broad audience that's recommended. And then we do some searches within Meta to find interests that could potentially work. And then you can decide if you want to save those and use those for your campaigns. But essentially, that's the starting point. Now, once you get more data, then you can decide, do I want interests or not? Do I then want to introduce look-alikes and maybe behavioral so look-alike audience or behavioral targeting. So, we always have to start somewhere. So, we start with the audiences and serve the same ads in all of them, validate the audiences. Then, once we find audiences that work, then we start working on different angles. When we found angles that work, we start to test different formats. Once we found all of that's working, then we start testing landing pages and funnels and things like that. So, the graduation testing process still applies through this whole change that Andromeda's bringing, and I think this will give you a massive advantage, especially not just if you're running ads for yourself, but if you're running ads for clients, to be able to report back that you know exactly what's working, where and why, versus another agency that just says, "Oh, just launched 15 ads. Not sure why seven didn't get served, but eight did, and they seem okay." I just cannot foresee that being an okay conversation with the client. And the third part is with more angles, you have more avatars and more formats equals more shots on goal. So, it's like the first base versus home run idea. So, in baseball, everyone wants a home run, which is you hit the ball as hard as you can, and it goes out of bounds, can't be caught. You just casually walk around first base, second base, third base, fourth base, and you've got your team a point. Super easy. In the ads world, wouldn't it be incredible if every ad we created was a home run? Every ad had the best CPA, best ROAS, best profit, all that kind of stuff. In reality, it doesn't happen. But in baseball, there is also a strategy that just says, "Get to first base." Because if you get to the first base, you can also get to second base and to third and fourth and still get your team a point. One's slower, one's faster, one takes a bit more time, one is super quick. Both of them work. So, any successful baseball team have the strategy of having both. Try for the home run, if you can't get it, at least get to first base. So, when we're creating our ads, the same principle applies. We want those home run ads, but it doesn't mean that we put all of our effort into trying to create the absolute best ad we can. We also test variants of those ads as well to just see if we can create some first bases, some ads that show potential, and maybe you can tweak and get better and better. So, the third third part of this is when you're thinking about the system that you're using and whether you're working with me and the BPM method or you have your own process or you're following someone else's, AI and automation are a huge part of what you need to be using right now cuz it's all about speed and efficiency. I cannot foresee anyone Like right now, you should be using AI and automation. If you're not, you should absolutely be using it. If you're not using it in the next 12 months, you're absolutely going to get crushed by competitors and everything like that. So, at the very least, you should be leaning on the machines to take away a lot of the thinking and the doing so that you can actually focus more on the creative side. Systemized testing beats guesswork. So, like you could argue that the I don't know why can't I do a straight line. Systemized testing beats guesswork. To an extent, this is guesswork. So, when your ads enter this part of the I guess the ads algorithm, I know there's machine learning and clever AI stuff that goes on and it will end up figure out which ads to serve, which ads get eliminated and eliminated And we could look at this and say it's a super clever AI system and Meta knows more than I do, and I'm going to rely on it, and things are going to be great. There's an element of guesswork still because Meta, as much as they can complain as much as they can claim that they have really clever systems and stuff like that, nothing is guaranteed, and the single reason why is humans are not predictable. We are not machines, we don't follow the same process and routines every single day. Just because I clicked today at 10:00 a.m. doesn't mean I'm going to click tomorrow at 10:00 a.m. You cannot predict that. There are many things that happen in my life. For example, my my son had a smashed windscreen today 30 minutes an hour before this this workshop. I had to actually go and drive out and go and check in on it. Now, fortunately, I didn't have to cancel this, and he was also okay. But they're the unpredictable things that happen in a human's life. AI is not aware of that. Now, maybe in 10 years when AI's got eyes everywhere, it can see, "Oh, he's popped out of his house, and so he's not going to click his thing right now." So, that's a completely different and scary world, and maybe at some point AI will know exactly what you're doing in your day, and it can improve the predictability of you doing stuff, but right now it cannot do that. So, because of that, I would argue it's still an element of guesswork. So, systemizing your testing using graduation testing method gives you a better advantage than guesswork. The stability algorithm has changed. I'm going to I'm going to tell you this is a fact right now, and either you've discovered it yourself or you're going to. Creating a stable ad account is the hardest thing to do right now. And I'm not here to say I'm like the wizard of it, and you should do what I do, and things are stable. Even I struggle at times to get proper stability. And there are so many factors behind it. One of them is this whole change in how the algorithm works. It's naturally designed to cause instability because of what's happening. So, for example, if we took this out, so let's say we got rid of this and we got rid of this and we got rid of this, we still have some computational power that kind of went on with creating Meta ads, but it was a much simpler It was complex, but compared to what it is now, it was a much simpler process to serve ads. Now, the way it works right now, I'm just going to undo this cuz I don't want scribbles necessarily on there. The way this works is this whole thing here creates unpredictability because it's based on AI models that are constantly learning, constantly shifting, and constantly changing things, which means learning limited could fluctuate, which means results could fluctuate, which means for example, if results are really good on a given day, and then the next day they drop, you don't actually know why. Is it because the competition changed, something happened with the users, or maybe the Andromeda algorithm slightly changed? That will naturally create a lot more instability. So, you have to be on top of this, and this is why Meta will argue you need to just let it iron out. So, if one day's bad, just don't touch the ads and let do what it wants. I'm sorry, I can't do that. I am responsible for, let's say, hundreds of thousands of ad spend for a client. I cannot sit there and say, "I'm going to sta- sit back." The client might message me on Slack and say results look really bad yesterday. I'm like, "Meta said leave it alone. Get back to us next week. We'll let you know how it goes." No, a client's not going to accept that. Even if I'm running my own ads for my own offers, I still won't accept that. I don't trust the AI. I don't trust the automation. I trust my own eyes and my own judgment. And that also again leads down to learning phase instability as well. So, learning phase, in order to get out, you need enough clicks, enough commission conversions, enough impressions, things like that. But because of the algorithm constantly changing, I think that the learning phase will kind of lose part of its I'm not going to even say value cuz I don't even know how valuable it is, but it's kind of intent. So, I think that's another thing to keep a close eye on as well. And then where do we go with this? So, with all the things that we've discussed, first thing is the AC4 aligns with the new creative lead world. So, AC4 is this idea of getting the product, the audience, and the offer, and the funnel all lined up for wherever you are with your ads. So, if it's if you're already spending, let's say, 1,000 a day, you want to get to 2,000 a day, you've got to validate product, audience, offer, funnel. Where do I tweak next? Versus someone who's absolutely starting off, which is, right, how do I get product market fit? How do I do my research? There's different parts of that as well. The 5W avatar generates the diversity Andromeda needs. So, when you run the avatar project process, so let's just have a look at one from here, for example. So, let's pull up In fact, let's just find our avatars here. So, for example, we have our who, we have our pain point, emotional motivation, objections, Maslow's hierarchy level for a problem awareness or kind of where they are on the kind of level five different levels of awareness, who they really are at their core, their main motivators. All of this is broken down into their who what makes up their avatar. And the way we programmed it into the AI is when you create copy and creative ideas from that, in the background, it's pulling out different elements, and you've got different variables that you can attach to it as well. So, for example, when you want to create different hooks, angles, formats, to an extent, it should be a kind of never-ending list of ads that you can create from that one avatar, and you should have multiple as well. So, running out of ad ideas should not be a problem anymore, especially with the AI and the automation in the background, hopefully if you're using AdSignals AI. And this is one of the biggest differentiators between you running ads for a client and the client doing it themselves. They just won't have the concept to create this kind of content. The four funnel system handles the broad traffic Meta sends. So, I showed you, for example, how we run our ads using this system at the top called warm, hot, and customers, and how Andromeda wants you to run your ads. That's a decision for you to make. I run my ads like this, and I will continue to do so until such point that Andromeda works a lot more works a lot better, but right now it cannot it like you lose the ability to do budget changes, ad changes, and things like that based on the funnel level, which as I explained, if you have other means of traffic, if you're tracking new versus repeat, and things like that, which a good performance marketer should be doing, then that's going to be harder to do on Andromeda as well. Offer clarity is more important than the audience precision. So, I think I've explained this, but just to reiterate, when it comes to your targeting, you need to be thinking about what am I actually targeting against? Like I've talked about doing broad audiences and running interests. Generally, most of my campaigns are like that. I do run and test lookalikes, and if they work, great. But more often than not, I'd probably say most of the ad accounts broad generally works better. And I'm going to explain one of the techniques to get that working as well. And then the creative sandbox is no longer a nice to have. So, essentially create the testing that we do with the graduation testing process, it creates a sandbox of ads for us. So, this test campaign becomes our sandbox. And the idea of a sandbox is this is where we test, and this is where we learn. Oops. Don't need that curve there. So, this is our sandbox here. So, this allows us to continue to test and learn outside of Meta's algorithm, and then we can push it in. So, that means for example, by the time our ads have been graduation tested, so here we are over here doing our ad testing, and we are putting ads into the ads corpus, as they call it. Our ads are pretested versus others that are just pushing ads in non-tested. So, we have an idea of what works and what doesn't, and that pretesting sticks at the ad level. So, we when we copy from our sandbox into the main campaign, data is already attached to the ad as well. So, that allows us to continue to keep an advantage over our competitors as well. The final part of this is how the BPM method supports Andromeda. So, number one is pixel signals. At the start, I said the 20% of the effort is going to be up from going into the pixel, 80% creative, but the way you do your testing, and the way you set up your campaign structure, the advertising the core four, the four funnel system, cold, warm, hot, you'll actually give better data, as long as you set up in the right way, than a general Andromeda setup. The second part of this is on-site SEO. Now, in order to work make your broad audiences work, there are a number of things to think about. So, if I break this down into a section so when you have a broad audience, what does Facebook know? Let's use green, cuz red's like a bad thing. So, when you have a broad audience, what does Facebook already know? So, it knows something about the user based on the pixel data, because people are browsing various websites, they have the pixel, and that pixel goes back to the user profile. It also has your ad. It also has your your landing page. And it also has your conversions. So, what it ends up doing is your pixel is collecting data from the traffic and hits and things like that. It's also being enriched from other people that it finds similar. It also reads the copy and the images and the videos that you're presenting in your ad as well. So, when you run a video, Meta's looking at the transcript, and it's also it takes the video, it takes static images, and starts to make sense of that. For static images, it can read what the image is about. So, for example, if you're selling footwear, for example, and the image is of someone who's walking, and the shoe is on show, and in the text it says, "If you're looking for trendy footwear for the summer," whatever it is, so Meta's looking at that as well. And then your landing page. So, your landing page will also have copy on it, and your copy should also reflect the thing that you're selling. So, if your landing page says, "Premium footwear designed for summer for men," whatever it is, and it's got all the keywords in there, that's another positive, and then obviously your conversions as well, which says people that saw this footwear ad actually end up buying footwear. How does it know? Because they clicked this landing page, they added to cart, they went to convert, whatever the product or service is. Like the conversion could be very specific. This all gets put back into your broad audience targeting. So, the way to think about this, and if you're in Ad Signals, do a search for broad lookalikes, because this is the term I've given it. A broad lookalike is when Facebook takes all of this data and creates a lookalike of that in your broad audience. You can't see it, and you can't create yourself, but Meta does it. So, broad for example, I could be targeting male 25 plus in the US, and that's it. But what Meta's also doing is it's looking at men, it's looking at clothing, it's looking at footwear, it's looking at purchases, people that have purchased or show purchase intent, things like that. So, it puts all of this together into its own targeting. So, when it serves the ad, it's already found people that are more likely to click this. Now, I'll give you an example. I think some time ago we had a blockage in one of our drains, so I went to Google and did a search for local plumbers and things like that. I clicked into a few sites, and then I think about half an hour later, as I was on Facebook, I started to get ads for local plumbers. I didn't like I didn't tell Facebook or anything about the plumbing. Now, you could argue, "Oh, they listen to you," and things like that, but in this case, what it was doing was because those plumbing websites I clicked through from Google had the pixel installed, and because I was already logged in on my phone, it could see what I was doing, and therefore it started to serve me ads. And when I looked at it, "Why am I getting served this ad?" you can click on the little icon in the top right, and it just said, "You match similar people to this audience." Like it wasn't you visit this site or you saw this page, it was just like you I think I fell into 18 plus in Canada, and that was it. But it knew I was in market. That's a huge thing. If it knows my intent, and it knows I'm in market, in the same way if I go broad, and someone's actually looking for shoes, and I'm I'm just generally targeting, and I've got all this data, then Meta will know that, "Hey, this person's looking for shoes. Take a look at this shoe. This could be a good fit for you." So, that's a big way how we make broad audiences work, and that's a huge thing about falling into Andromeda. So, although I don't necessarily agree with the structure of the campaigns, which I guess Meta would want you to use, and simplification and things like that, I would still recommend for our kind of setup to do a logical-based split. I'm not going to say avatar, cuz logic could be many things. Logic could be, for example, a particular category. So, this could be electrical, could be homeware, could be clothing if you've got multiple store e-com, or it could be, as in my case, it could be people that I'm advertising for Ad Signals, for our coaching program, for agencies, for our one-to-one consultant program, which is for seven-figure businesses. I would split those into three campaigns, even if they're all broad, because my avatar is very different, and then I'd have a mix of creatives in that as well, as opposed to having one ad set with all the ads in there, which you're going to have to trust Meta to deliver and deliver against, which I just absolutely don't. So, that's the summary for I think the what 90-minute summary, or thereabouts, of not just what Meta Andromeda is, but how you should be using and thinking about Andromeda as well. And don't be caught up in the technical details. Don't be caught up in the fear that it's going to absolutely trash your campaigns if you don't switch Andromeda on in your head. There is no switch for Andromeda yet in Ads Manager. There are switches to be aware of in terms of AI and automation and things that Meta trying to force on you, which I don't recommend generally you turn on unless you test and they work for you. But other than that, the key takeaways are number one is creative is everything. Number two, creative diversity is the most important part of the creative. Number three, campaign structure is a decision you're going to have to make as to how you decide on structuring. Number four is then how you decide to funnel those users. Do you put them all through? Group everyone up? Do you split them out? And there are some cases, like for example, local targeting, where I do group, cuz the audiences are too small. And then thinking about how much trust you put into the Andromeda program versus how much you actually put into thinking about advertising. And then the final part is I honestly like I developed the BPM method and I launched it in 2018 based on developing it from 2014. It's now more than ever important to have a proper structure into how you run ads. You could get away with it in 2018, 19, 20 without too much structure, just throwing things at the wall and seeing what would stick. And then 2021, iOS came along and it changed the game. Then people started to take avatars and creative more seriously. Now, it's not just taking more seriously, it's do or die. You can't run a successful Metroids campaign without having proper creative strategy in place. And that's literally just this block here. This is where you're going to have to focus a lot of your time and energy into creating those avatars, building those avatars around the needs of your prospects, and then building your ad campaigns, thinking about the different creative hooks, the variants, and things like that. And then building a multiple Rubik's Cube creative strategy that's going to work for your ad campaign, for your prospects, and give Andromeda everything that it needs, as well.

  Top Comments:
  1. @nerdzik2796 [11 likes]: I can't believe this stuff here is free
  2. @ViceSacic [1 likes]: Awesome video! I have a question about the budget to ad ratio. For local lead generation with 50$/day budget, do I optimize for andromeda the way meta wants, or do I still create adsets for my clients to test avatars they serve. Because if I were to create 2 avatars, that is 2 ad sets, and then I'll have to create like 10-15 ads across those 2 adsets in order to provide andromeda with creative diversity (variation), but the budget is I feel way to low for that kind of thing. What do you think?
  3. @WODS.Agency [1 likes]: Thanks for sharing Depesh!

We're seeing that the Pixel relevance is not at 20% mostly because andromeda without good signals is quite bad and generic, meaning that it's like what's called "spray and pray".

Just shoot for the biggest audience and check which ones react to it, that's why you need to spend a lot of money to optimize the "AI".

I feel that giving more control to Meta is just making things worst in terms of controlling the brand's tone and voice towards their audience, and that in the future we will face a small crysis in audience segmentation, having quite generic ads running for a while because there won't be "signals".

That's what you shared @27:30 - what this is NOT happening already!
  4. @omidaye [1 likes]: Great video
  5. @RedaIK-iy4if: So much real value🔥🔥 and it's free 🤯🤯
  6. @ayyazahmad1055: this is absolutely brilliant! thank you for sharing this. so just to clarify something: each product/product category/offer would have its own ABO campaign and within that we will have cold, warm, hot and customers as ad sets?
  7. @LisaThomasVerde: When you say Avatar ... Do you mean Persona? I'm so confused at what you are calling an Avatar and what it represents.

- The New Meta Ad Creative Strategy in 2026 (Post-Andromeda): Kind: captions Language: en In this video, I'm going to show you how to properly build a creative pipeline that is going to allow you to win in 2026. I'm going to take you through sourcing ads from your competitors, coming up with new concepts, take you through exactly how you should be launching your ads, your campaign setup. I'm going to teach you how to actually analyze the data and how to actually learn from your creatives. And then towards the end, we're going to go into iterations versus new concepts. This is something that's extremely undertalked about. A lot of you do not like to use your brains. I'm not talking about cute dogs, car crashes, and BBLs, but you need to start to understand trends in your ad account. And if you're new here, my name is Jared Robinson. I've been running Met Ads since I was 13 years old, drop shipping in my parents house. And now my company makes thousands of ads every single month for seven and eight figure direct to consumer brands just like you. But before we get into the solution, before we get into the actual creative engine and making it, you first must understand the problem and the habits that you're currently doing that are not allowing you to succeed. Right now, you are in a creative hamster wheel and you need to build a creative engine, which is what we're going to go into [music] today. But right now, what you're probably doing is making a few ads. You have no real structure, no real timetable, no real standard operating procedures, and you have no system or process for consistently finding winning ads. And operating like this is like gambling. You might be able to achieve new revenue thresholds, but it's very hard. You're not scaling very consistently at all. Okay, so the solution here is a true creative pipeline. And you should feel lucky right now cuz we just filmed this entire video and the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] screen recording wasn't on. So you're getting it second time. Second time is a charm. So I'm going to explain to you how to conduct your deep research and what I do for competitor analysis. So for deep research, you are going to want to create a document. And in this document, you essentially want to ask yourself questions that is going to lead you to understanding your ICP, coming up with angles, coming up with hooks, coming up with headlines, etc. So once you lay out all of those questions, then you're going to want to go crawl on Twitter, Reddit, search the questions, go in Tik Tok comments, etc. And then you can also run these questions through AI. And the goal of this is just to give you kind of a baseline on what to go off of because most of you do not understand your customer quite as well as you think you did. And there's a lot of things you could learn and a lot of new angles that you can pull if you just actually spent the time dedicated to doing research on your customer. So the second thing is going to be competitor analysis. I like to use things like Atria or motion. And what these tools allow you to do is essentially just look at what your competitors are doing in like a more pretty format than ads library. And they also allow you to do another thing which is extremely important. Build a swipe file. Your swipe file and your deep research document are two things that should be ever growing and everchanging as you're scaling [music] and growing your brand. It's extremely important that you build a swipe file. And if you're not familiar with what a swipe file is, it's essentially just something that you refer back to. It's a place where you house a lot of content, a lot of ads from your competitors that you can go back to and either learn from or use in your briefs that you make for static ads or [music] whatever. So, the next thing that you need to do is actually write briefs. So, when you're writing briefs, they need to be specific to either image ads or to video ads. And for your image ads, it's a lot more simple than video. For image ads, you essentially just need your headline, your angle, your CTA, and your visual direction. So, for each image ad concept that you come up with, you should write out a headline. Write out what angle you're going after, what customer profile you're going after. Write out your CTA. That's essentially like the box icon or whatever. And then for visual direction, you can either write visual direction or you can use an image. And then for your video briefs, they're a little bit more complex. You're going to start with your hook, but you don't just need the hook copy. You also need the hook type as well as the hook visual. This is extremely important because the copy needs to be curiosity based. It needs to invoke some type of curiosity or emotion in them. And the hook type is important. It'll be more important later. But the hook visual is also important because it needs to be somewhat scroll stopping. And I'm not talking about, you know, cute dogs, car crashes, and BBLs. I'm talking about things that your ICP is going to find interesting and that's actually going to stop their scroll. So, the next thing is the body of the video. And you can structure the body of your videos however you want, but somehow in the video, you essentially need to talk about the problem and how your product is the solution. And then for the CTA or at least the end of the video, you need to have some form of risk reversal and then you need to have a true CTA. So for risk reversal, these are things like social proof, testimonials, reviews, money back guarantee, um challenges, anything like that. And then for your CTA, you want to have something like an offer, some sort of urgency, some sort of scarcity, something like that, something that makes them actually click. So, now that you've done your deep research, you've done your competitor analysis, you've written your briefs, you have your ads, now you need to actually launch them. So, when launching your ads, keep it simple. It's pretty easy now. Manis can do it for you or it's going to be able to do it for you soon. If you don't know, Meta just bought Manis. It's a software that an AI that can in theory media buy. I haven't seen it yet, but I'm sure it'll be able to soon. So, when you're launching your ads, we're going to go CBO. We are not going to go [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] sucks. Delivery engine is good. Everyone's aware of Andromeda. You're going to go CBO. And when you're actually launching the ads, every ad set is going to be a batch of ads. Yes, you can put videos and pictures in the same ad set. Yes, you can put different angles into the same ad set. Doesn't matter. Every time you do a batch, just throw in an ad set. Throwing in a CBO. Let it ride. for all the other stuff like ROAZ, CAC, bid caps, cost caps, all that other stuff. That's up to your discretion. That's up to you. Whatever you want to do, all of it's great. Whatever. Now is when we start getting into actual important stuff, things that actually matter. The next thing is going to be learning. And I know this is going to be hard for a lot of you because a lot of you do not like to use your brains, but this is probably the most important. These next two steps are probably the most important parts of this entire process. So the next thing you need, I know we talked about how you need a deep research doc earlier. You need a swipe file and you also need your briefs. This is going to be another document that you need and I like to run this out of Google Sheets. You are going to be tracking your hit rate week over week, but also you need to go deeper. You need to break down the hooks. You need to break down the headlines. You need to break down the angles. You need to break down the customer profiles. Break down everything. You need to be learning from every single ad that you launch. And not just learning if it's a winning ad or if it's a losing ad, but you need to start to understand trends in your ad account, angles that are working. Because every batch, you're not always going to have loads of winning ads. You might have one, you might have two, you might have zero, but you need to treat every single batch as a learning experience. And if you're not doing your learnings correctly, if you're not tracking every single ad, if you're not tracking the hook types that you're using, like I told you earlier, you're not going to properly understand what the trends are looking like inside of your own ad account. You're not going to understand what angles are actually working. You're not actually going to understand what problems you're selling to. And most importantly, you're not going to understand what ads to make next. You're going to have no fundamental understanding. It's like I talked about in the intro, the creative hamster wheel, not the creative engine. That's what you're on because you're not properly doing learnings. You don't know why your ads are working or why they're not working. You don't know what's going on. So, the next step and the final step is going to be iterations. And this is going to take place in two different pipelines. Pipeline A, which is going to be strictly iterations of previous winners that you take from your learnings. And pipeline B is essentially just going to be you doing this process over and over and over again. So this is something that's extremely important and extremely undertalked about. People always talk about making new concepts and making iterations of previous winners. But how do you know how many to make, when to make them, etc.? I'm going to give you a couple examples here. So let's say you launch a batch. You don't have tons of winning ads in your ad account yet, and you have a 20% hit rate. Do you think you should make more iterations or more new concepts? I think you should make more iterations. So, your scale should lean heavier here. Okay. And then let's say, you know, your your cost per acquisition is driving up. Your winning ads are kind of starting to fall off and your previous batch that you just launched, you had a 5% hit rate. This is the point where we're not going to be making a whole lot of iterations because nothing that you're doing is working all that great. you need to be testing a lot of new concepts. So that's how you can look at that. You essentially treat that as an ever sliding scale based on how well what you're doing is working versus how well or how not so well what you're doing is working. And so how we do this is typically on a twoe time horizon. The way that we do it during the first week we do the research, the brief, and we launch. And then during week two is when we do a lot of learnings obviously from the previous week and iterations. So this is kind of just an everflowing thing from week to week. We're doing you know research new briefs new launches and then the next week we're doing a lot of learnings and iteration. So hopefully you learned something from that. I made a video similar to this a couple of months ago, but I really wanted to hammer in the actual learnings and iteration this time. I feel like last time it was a little bit more shallow, more about how to get ads launched and less about how to consistently get winners every single month. And that is by far the most important part of this process is actually learning from the batch that you launch and then understanding how to iterate on that, when to iterate, and how much to iterate. And if you do run a creative engine like this consistently for 2 3 4 months, you are going to notice a very significant change in your ad account and in your business. But if you made it to the end of the video and you don't want to do this yourself, but you understand how powerful this is, good news. You're in the right place because that's exactly what we do. We make thousands of ad creatives every single month and generate tens of millions of dollars for our clients. If you want to learn more, just click the link below. There's a bunch of case studies. There's testimonials. There's a full video explainer of exactly how we do what we do. There's some ads that we made for other people. Tons of stuff. If you're interested, if you're spending more than $100,000 a month on ads, I would click the link. We're pretty good at what we do. And if you made it to the end of the video, comment the word learn because you need to learn from the ads that you make. heart. See you in the next one.

  Top Comments:
  1. @reaganfreas8537 [2 likes]: Learn! Don does is it best. If you own a DTC brand and aren’t working with Jared what are you even doing..
  2. @Mehtab-b2d [1 likes]: learn
  3. @nathanaxson [1 likes]: learn
  4. @UliFPereira [1 likes]: This quality is insane!
  5. @soqomommy: learn
  6. @globbo843: 10/10 content, thank you
  7. @topticktrades4821: Let’s say you have 5 products/services. Do you run one campaign for all 5, or 5 separate campaign
  8. @barink-d1q: bro how can i make hit rate kpi ?
  9. @AlexanderFallaria: Hey Jared, I was just wondering if you already work with a video editor.
If not, I’d be stoked to collab and cook up something cool with you.
What do you think?
  10. @elliotwight1293: Thanks for the video my man , do you add the iterations in the same adset where you winner is ? and do you have a campaign for MOF + BOF ? or do they have seperate campaigns
  11. @equabilityS: Hi, if I already run a campaign with 15 creatives, should I add more creatives every day? and turn off most worst performing?
  12. @lawaofficiel8683: is the roll of the media buyer is over after manus or it just improved to other things
  13. @Mattadlerr: “Cute dogs, car wrecks, and BBLs” art

- How Meta Ads Targeting Really Works After the Andromeda Update (2025–2026 Guide): Kind: captions Language: en In this video, I'm going to explain in simple English how Meta Ads targeting works now after the big algorithm change often called Andromeda and exactly how to adjust your setup so your ads start performing again. So, give me a few minutes and I'll save you months of testing all the wrong things. We're going to cover what actually changed and why your old targeting now underperforms, the new targeting mindset Meta wants you to use, a simple campaign structure that fits with the update, and how to optimize without breaking your learning. Chapters are linked in the description. So, let's get into it. So, chapter one, what Meta changed, the plain English version. Previously, Meta struggled with the first step of delivery, which is ad retrieval. That's the bit where the system picks a short list of ads that could be shown to a person. There were millions and millions of ads out there and not enough computing power to consider them all fairly. So, the system tended to find an early winner and pile all of your budget into one two three creatives. Broad catch all messages did well, but more niche messaging and targeting didn't really work. After the Andromeda update, Meta rebuilt that retrieval engine, and it's said to be up to 10,000 times faster. Think it is swapping a tired old librarian for a Formula 1 pick route. The system consider far more ads, much faster, build a better short list for each individual person to receive specific ads. It doesn't just know that you like shoes, for example. It knows that you like red flip-flops for the beach and it can quickly retrieve the best ads to sell you that product. The result is less reliance on microtargeting within the adset and more weight on what's inside your actual ad, such as the copy, the visuals, and the target customer pain points to decide who is going to see it. Today, budget spreads across more creatives because Meta can match different ads to different people. So, you'll see your budget distributed much more evenly in the future. Now, if your performance has recently dipped, it's because your old setup was built for the old audience targeting. Now, where Meta picked one or two winners and pushed all of your budget into those ads, that era is over. So, chapter two, the new targeting mindset. The old mindset was that you'll build a super specific audience and show them one or two broadly described ads. The new mindset is you'll keep the audience broad and your ads themselves will act as the targeting. In practice, that means building meaningfully different ads, not near duplicates with just different hooks. You want variety in concepts and angles, problem solution, pain points, testimonials, demos, comparisons, etc. In terms of your ad formats, you're going to want a good mix of short video, long video, static images, carousels, collections, and more. In terms of audience personas, speak to different types of awareness levels. Unaware, problem aware, solution aware, product aare, and most aware. This is your traditional marketing targeting that is now becoming more relevant for meta in 2026 and beyond. Your copy and your creative become your keywords if you're into SEO. So, make it obvious who the ad is for and what outcome that they will get. So, this video is sponsored by GoHigh Level. If you don't already have a CRM hooked into Meta, you're leaving money on the table. GoHigh Level pulls leads straight into pipelines, triggers instant emails and texts, and makes follow-up automatic. We use it because it's allin-one, like HubSpot, but way cheaper. Use the link below for an extended trial. Chapter three, improve your targeting with this simple campaign structure. It's so much easier. So, here's a structure we're rolling out across accounts because it fits the new system and it keeps you sane through simplicity. So, simply have a single campaign per performance objective that you're trying to achieve. If all you want is leads, whether that be on forms or through your website, just create one single campaign. If you want to achieve leads and you want to achieve direct website sales, you will need two different campaigns, one sales, one leads, then limit your adsets as much as possible. Most of the time at the moment, we're using just one adset with a broad audience targeting via advantage plus. You may need more adsets only if you want to retarget at specific stages because this means you can reach your retargeting audience with different content. We then build 20 plus ads within each ad set. Our ads are written for a variety of audience personas. For example, we're just redesigning a campaign for a legal services client. And previously, we ran multiple ads for their employment law services. Whereas now, we're niching down and we have ads that talk about workplace discrimination, constructive dismissal, maternity issues, negotiated exits, etc. Each audience persona is suffering different problems and the algorithm can now match the most suitable audience to the most suitable ad. Previously, it couldn't. So, we just needed really broad messaging. So, chapter four is what to do with warm audiences. As mentioned earlier, if you want specific content to reach your retargeting audience, then you'll need a separate ad set that is set up specifically just to target that remarketing audience, that warm audience. Outside of that, retargeting is already baked into the advantage plus algorithm. So, if somebody goes to your website via Google Ads, you can almost guarantee the next time they visit a meta platform, they will be seeing your ads. So only broaden your adsets if you want retargeting audience to see specific retargeting content. Chapter five, let's talk about tracking because for all of this to work properly, you need great data integrations. Your pixel must be set up with various website actions properly recorded and tracking correctly. Then you must have your conversion API sorted. After this, within the advertising settings section, make sure you tell the system who your active customers are and who your engaged audience is. If you have a CRM, integrate it into Meta Ads Manager so it can see and understand your pipeline. And if you have customer lists of all the people you've previously worked for, worked with, even upload it into a custom audience. Meta needs all this data to consider how to use your advertising and target effectively. If you want to understand how to do all of that, subscribe to this channel and follow our simple guides. So, I hope this helps and we will see you next time. But you have to implement all of that stuff post Andromeda if you want to be successful.

  Top Comments:
  1. @KashafButt33 [2 likes]: Can you plz teach me how to create a ad account in business suit and how it works and we boost add plz teach me for the zero class it's mean you teach me for starting I am from Pakistan and I watched your many videos but I can't understand you're English is very tough and you speak very fast this way I don't understand😅😅 😅😅
  2. @sean_stone_spillover_commerce [1 likes]: This was REALLY helpful. Great video. Thanks for putting this out!
  3. @AcademyHomeBuyers [1 likes]: Are you using dynamic creative?  I was doing very well with dynamic creative in the past
  4. @dmmarketerarif: Hi, I noticed your videos have great content but very low SEO score (32/100). Titles, tags & descriptions aren’t optimized, that’s why reach is low. I do YouTube SEO and can help you grow fast 🚀. Want me to share some ideas?
  5. @nasrodineelghalbzouri4849: I sell furniture online and would love your advice on campaign structure:
	1.	Should I run separate campaigns for each product category (e.g., mirrors, buffets, side tables), or is it better to group all categories into one broader campaign?
	2.	For creatives, is it recommended to keep Dynamic Catalog Carousels in the same campaign as my manual single images and single videos, or should they be separated?

- How Meta's Andromeda Is Secretly Killing Your Ads (Fix This): Kind: captions Language: en Your ads are not failing. Here's the truth. Androme Meta's new update is killing them off. While you're blaming creatives and targeting, Meta has just ran a completely new algorithm and they have been spending the last couple of months killing off all your campaigns. And you spent years, sometimes even months, dialing in consistently having 20 campaigns, 15 campaigns. Now having against them into two, three or fewer with creatives in the back of your mind more than targeting, more than copy, and keeping your offer as the frontunning KPI that dictates how you beat the Android meta update. And if you don't adjust fast, partner with a marketing firm like ourselves who will make you a batch of creatives and get past this, you will be left behind. You'll pay upwards of two times more per lead, and you will always have heightened ad costs. And as the economy changes, as inflation comes in every single year, your ad cost will keep going through the roof to where you can't run ads anymore. Now, give me a few minutes. I'm going to show you exactly what Androme Meta is doing, how to fix it, the exact structure, and what things to watch out for in your ad account so that you can send this to your marketing team or click the link in the description and become one of our clients. Now, here's what Androme Meta actually is and why they hit it. The reason why they hid it first off is because the AI is able to basically read your creatives, read through the transcript, and find the targeting, which they didn't want to bore you with. They didn't want to bore you with the fact that if your creatives have fatigue, that they're going to stay in the learning phase and not get pushed to learning limited because you have to go all the way to the ad level to find out if your creative has fatigue or not. So, here's the Android meta updates in a nutshell. First off, it is mostly creative targeting. your creative. What you say, the hooks, the pre-qualifications, and the pre-qualifying messaging is what's going to dictate who sees your ad. Second, creative sets the tone for preframe and demographics. If I say in an ad, if you're a young man in your 20s, Facebook's going to take that data and hit it more. Even if you do open targeting 18 to 65 plus, they're going to know who has the highest watch time, has the highest engagement, and keep filling that pipeline with that same demo. If I say if you're a tax planner, tax adviser just like some of my recent ads do, that's going to attract tax advisors and tax planners. So that's where the Android meta update comes into play. Now the last piece here is hooks to financially qualify. What you say in the ad is going to dictate now who you actually financially go after. If I say if you're a real estate investor who has at least $10,000 to invest and you want to open your first Airbnb in 30 days, here's how I can help you. That's a financial qualifier and a demo qualifier. you're a real estate investor who has 10K in cash. I'm gonna start targeting more people like that. But keep in mind, even if I target people like it, my lead cost will always tend to be higher because the financial qualifiers. Somebody with $10,000 is a way higher quality lead than someone with $1,000 for some do-it-yourself course. Results driven promises to pinpoint the avatar. Just like I explained, if you say a certain avatar with a result, with a time frame, and a financial qualifier, that's going to pinpoint not just your offer, but the avatar who most wants it on demand. Facebook knows who's clicking on certain ads or your competitors or people who are in the same niche as you, but not pushing the same offers. Maybe they do done with you, do done for you, whatever that looks like. Or they give you more support and you don't, right? But you drive more results. Start looking at these things as far as your offer ideation. I make a ton of videos on this channel for offer ideation and validation and why the market is the judge. Now, the last piece here is AI ads to test and amplify. What we're testing recently is AI ads taken from movie scenes like Wolf of Wall Street, The Big Short, things that, you know, like the Sell Me This Pen, videos like that that we can use to change the faces on them, AI add it, and use good transcripts to be able to, you know, obviously get the attention and gets better click-through rates and it's actually very like funny, so it gets a lot of good engagement. So, here's a list of your current liabilities that you might already have with the new Android meta update. First off, you need three to five campaigns while spending a,000 bucks a day will get fatigue faster. If you have three to five campaigns right now and you're at around $1,000 a day in spend, you're going to get creative fatigue even faster than ever before. Faster than ever before. Okay? Because I want to condense those campaigns. Like, if you have three to five campaigns, you can condense them into one. Take all the winners and just put them into one campaign. Second, I consolidated my 23 ad to campaigns. Now, I spent about $18 to $19,000 per day on ads. I had 23 campaigns running and I was getting 180 a call. I was able to actually drop my cost per call and condense it into two campaigns. That's it. A lot of people assume, oh, I'm spending so much money on ads. I must have freaking 100 campaigns. False. It's not about how many campaigns I have. It's about what the actual data states. I could have one campaign driving all the results in the world. If I have 23 different campaigns, it's going to cause more havoc in the ad account. It's obviously way less organized and there's more creative testing that's being separated instead of combined, which is what the Android meta update wants. They want you to combine winning creatives because creative targeting is now hot. Now, here's the new rules of the game. First off, one CBO per objective. If you're running a lead campaign, submit application, schedule, and call, one CBO campaign per objection. You do not want multiple conversions into multiple adsets. It's hard for Andromeda to follow it through the creative process and go from front of funnel to back of funnel to keep the tracking congruent. Second, 15 to 20 ad concepts for every 1K a day in spend. This is what we do. I do, you know, I'll do about 10 graphics, five videos, and I'll just smack them together. One CBO, try to find new winners. And I'm going to find out of 15 about five of them are really going to hit really well. you know, good rorowazes, good cost per clicks, good clickthroughs, good cost per calls, consistent high quality leads, right? Less canceled calls when I look in the back end of high roast, just better quality people. Okay, and here's some creative ideas for you. Number one is customer wins. Okay, I did a recent ad using Carlton Dennis's testimonial um and it was just customer wins testimonial video with the headline on the top of the offer and then what we do on the bottom. Okay, I'll show you an example of that in a screenshot. This ads me very well. Second is founder stories. This is where a lot of our retargeting ads are, where I'm talking about what I've done and how I built the company and where the company is now, why you should trust us. Those are founder stories. Us versus them. You can do split screen graphics and also split screen videos. Us versus them. Them being your competitors. Next is demos, product demos, people using your software. Like that's a cool example. People using your software, getting a quick win during a 60-second ad. Last is BTS behind the scenes and then leading into a call to action. Shows radical transparency. It shows you doing stuff behind the scenes. It shows more of like a day in the life kind of angle and then goes to CTA, right? And you can mix in customer wins and founder story within the BTS. So here's why webinars are winning during this Android meta update. Number one is attendees data gets pushed to the API. all the people who visit the actual webinar, we can then kick it back to go high level with a trigger link and then send them to the Facebook pixel to build a custom audience of attendees and then use that as a lookalike. Second is all the buyer data after watching for 60 minutes. All the people who buy from your webinar, you can now push that to the API through GHL in a custom audience and now that gets pushed to the API. If I have more data, I have a lot more leverage to scale my paid traffic. Now, if you are looking to get past the Andromeda update, you want to run webinars, sell one to many, click the calendar link in description below. It's also in the comment section. Book a call with my team. We build a done for you, profitable webinar funnel in 14 days from your offer, slides, landing pages, emails, and SMS and help you with your offer refinement and creation and ideation. So, with that being said, I hope you enjoyed this video about how to get past the Android update, what's holding you back, how to fix it, and I will see you in the next

  Top Comments:
  1. @Twinkie-fingers [3 likes]: You only have 2 comments please stop posting🫩
  2. @JasonWojoOfficial: Want Me and My 9-Figure Advertising Team Run Your Facebook, Instagram and Google Ads? Book a Call Here: https://calendly.com/jason-wojo-advertising/dfy?el=youtubedescription
  3. @adamgygi5493: God this pathetic excuse for a channel is still going???? Jesus
  4. @infinitegods9699: made the mistake of opting in on one of this guys offerings and can't opt out to save my life. Whe needs 2 sales pitch every day!!

- Meta Andromeda Explained: 2025 Update Guide: Kind: captions Language: en Hey all, Dan Nikas here. Thanks for jumping on again. I just wanted to take this chance. I've just got back from a conference in Adelaide for Meta where I was presenting as one of their global trainers. Now, when I was over there, I had really interesting conversations with the Meta team that was there about a new update. It's been out for probably 3 or 4 weeks now, maybe a fraction longer depending on what part of the world you're in. But fundamentally, it's called Andromeda, and it's basically the update that's going to change everything about the way that you do ads. So, fresh from them, I just got off the plane yesterday. I'm back home. Soon as I got in the office today, I've sat down to to record this for you. You can see here actually me standing on stage. You can see I'm an actual real life person, not just someone who is sitting behind a computer, not just a YouTube guru. I'm here talking to real life people, which is amazing. Good to get out of town every now and then. So, let's jump right in. So, audience hacks out, signals are in. So, by signals, I mean creative signals. So, Andromeda lets the platform match the message to the buyer. There's no guesswork. The system does the heavy lifting. So basically there's no more layering of interest, micro audiences, micro budgets, even lookalikes are probably on the outer now. No more people um talking about ways to gain the system for ultra laser targeting. It's basically there's been a big shift and the big shift has been coming for a little while for the last couple years in terms of their broad audience matching but this is the first time we've really seen how that broad audience matching the algorithms really working in the background. I'm really excited to take you through it. So why the old structure doesn't work basically complexity doesn't equal control anymore. It's going to throttle scale. So whereas we used to do hundreds of campaigns and hundreds of adsets with an individual ad in each years ago with micro budgets and testing and we had all fancy names for it like shotgun and surfing and all sorts of stuff. That's all changing. We used to go targeting first as media buyers or as brands. Now it's going to be creative first and the creative is going to do the targeting for you. If you're only doing UGC, there is some benefit to that, but it has a glass ceiling. And I'll show you why as we go through what they're looking for in Andromeda now. And feed variety is the key, not the volume of adsets. And again, I'll explain it as we go deeper into it. So, they've not only told us that they're using AI to read your images or videos and determine targeting based on that, they've even given us eight specific types of creatives that they're going to recommend that you use that the AI is going to lean on because it's going to appeal to people at different stages of awareness and different stages of that consideration and buying journey that they're at. So the first is obviously you just seeing testimonials. It gives us a lot of social proof clients of ours that we are doing these for. This is these are influencers or brand ambassadors that have produced content and they're actually excuse me providing a whole lot of trust. They're showing the products in use and they're like the people that we're trying to sell to. So that's why these have always worked well and I'm suggesting that they will still work well. There just has to be a certain point where you need to have this variety because it's not going to cover off on everything that the algorithm or Andromeda is actually looking for. The next one is product features and benefits. So clarity around what's actually working. This is another one of our clients. You can see no more bloat, just better digestments. Product benefit, product benefit, product benefit. So you might have seen this with others. there' be like a a product and what they'll have is they'll have all of these arrows pointing at it and it's all just product features, product benefits of it. So that is the next one of the creatives that they're recommending for us. The next is the us versus them. Again, another client of ours. We sell their sofas and this is a competitor's sofa. We talk about what we can do, what they can't in these different columns here. So it's the differentiation. So you might have seen them sometimes where they might have three ticks each, but ours, the the one you're trying to advertise might only, you know, might have three extras that the others don't as well. And this is a great way for people to do those comparisons. And again, there's different signals for different components, uh, different stages of awareness that people are at or different considerations that people are making and the AI is now picking up on that. And I'll tell you exactly what it's picking up for in the creatives as we go further into this as well. The next one is founder stories. another creator, another brand that we work with. This is one of the founders. She talked about in this video the problem that she was having that she couldn't solve the problem and why she actually developed the brand or the product which in turn became the brand because it solved the problem that she couldn't find a solution for. So that is why this is really important. It builds a lot of trust. Founders are a lot of the time a lot like their ideal client. They've started the brand because of the fact that they cannot solve that problem or that want or need they have with what's out there currently. So they create it themselves. So a founder story works exceptionally well. The next is face to the camera explainers. This is great. We can have people that are experts, perceived experts, have a lot of a lot of trust. It could just be someone who's like your ideal customer avatar explaining how to use a product, the how-to videos, a little bit of education about the benefits of it, about what changes they might have seen in it. So slightly different to UGC sometimes where that's more lifestyle based. These are facing the camera explaining the content of them is very very important. English language use is very important. I'll explain that after I go through these creatives that we have here. The next is carousels. So, ranges and variants. This has always been a mainstay, but this is obviously going to put the right product in front of the right person. The algorithm's always done that. What I would encourage you to do is, especially with the advent of AI, stop just using stock or mockup product images where it's just the actual product images, your hero image on your website like on Shopify. I would encourage you to use AI to put it into a particular lifestyle scenario that's ideally targeting your potential customer or client. So, for argument sake, I wouldn't put one of the sofas or lounges that we have just on a white background. A white sofa on a white background is just very bland, boring. It doesn't really do much. Use AI to put it in. If you don't have the imagery or photography, put it into the lifestyle situation that you think it will fit best into. I'd encourage you to do that on your website full stop now that we have the technology available but that in turn it'll pull that hero image for your product catalog on meta as well which is fantastic. Next one is your stats and proof points. So your credibility so are you working mom with low energy. This is the one where and a good example of this is we have a water filtration company that we market for their water filters do a lot and there's a lot of science and studies behind it. So let's articulate that. So we remove all microplastics, we remove fluoride, we remove chlorine, we actually put back into the water vital trace elements uh and minerals and nutrients that your body actually needs. So the statistics that go with the proof, the proof in turn creates the trust and the credibility. And then on the website, make sure that you have any links to those studies or whatever it is or that proof that you're leaning on. So again, another good creative before and afters before anyone makes a comment about it. I know we can't do before and afters for weight loss or you know personal attributes. What we can do though is we can show different fashion here. We can do before and after let's say water water quality for example what water looks like before it got filtered versus after. We can even do that like with a taste test something along those lines. But before and afters work a lot. It could be lawn care. It could be like look what this fertilizer does for the lawn. You know, there's a really good company here called Lawn Hub in Australia that does a great job of that. So, you know, that's what I mean by before and afters. I don't mean like weight loss or um you know, transferative surgery or something along those lines. It does that goes against the terms of service. I'm talking about before and after of using the product, you know, the results that you can get. So, the creative is now the targeting. So, we we've established that we've got eight different kinds of creatives that we can use and I'd encourage you to use them all. The old ways is that we used to choose the audience and we tried to fit our creative to that or our creative was very bland, very generic and we thought the targeting was the best thing for it and for a period of time it was. But as people have become more and more savvy and the fact that they're being flooded with so many options online now there's there's more discretion there's more decision making. So we need to make sure that we've got creative that caters to any part of that consideration cycle or consideration phase that they're in. So the the new way of doing is the creator defines the audience and different formats again speak to that different stages of awareness. If we look at cold, warm and ready or cold, warm and hot, um cold is people come on to Meta or Instagram, Facebook, they're problem aware, but they're not solution aware or they're not aware that you are a solution. So at that cold stage, one of the creators can introduce your brand as they brand or product as a solution to satisfy or to solve a problem or satisi satisfy a want or a need that they might have. Warm is okay, they aware of you, but there's also other people that they're comparing you to, other brands of the product. We need to educate them. We need to give them the founder stories, the before versus afters, the product features, the proofs, the statistics, everything that I just went through that is at that stage. They're warm. They're aware of you, but they're not quite there yet. We're trying to get them to the ready stages. Once we've got them through those different stages and the AI has determined what level of awareness they're at, it'll put the right ad in front of them, then they'll be ready to buy. So, how is AI seeing what's in your ad? How is it how is it interpreting what's in the ad? And this is really interesting. This is a great conversation that I had with the Meta team over in Adelaide. Now everything a lot of these things we sort of knew already and and I'll go through them one by one but other things I was quite surprised that this is what they're actually doing now. So when you're looking at the setting the um that the image or the videos in so there's going to be some income cues there. So it could be instead like I'll go back to the lounge or so for examp that that lounge or sofa is in is going to be indicative of a certain income status. It's going to give them cues about the income level of the person who's going to be potentially buying the land or going to be the ideal customer. Persons, the next one. Now, we do know that people have always been very important. That's why UGC works so well is because more often than not, the person we're watching is very similar to us. If we're being targeted by that ad, that works because it builds trust. We feel some commonalities and some familiarity with them and we feel like we can relate to them. So that but it's giving demographic cues. So you know we can look at different um different things along the lines of male, female, gender. We've got to look at diversity and things along those lines when we're looking at the person that is in the image or the video. Language. This is a big one that I hadn't really given a whole lot of consideration to. So we always would go through our hooks, our links, our body, our call to action. We'd go through those chunks of what would go into the videos that we were making or the copy that was going as the overlay on the image, but we didn't didn't really give much thought to the tonality or the sophistication of the grammar or the way the wording was put together or the way the talking was put together. Were they using slang? Was there a bit of abrasiveness to it? Um, you know, that is going to help the algorithm or the AI determine the education level of the ideal customer. So, this is very important as well. The problem that you identify in there is going to establish or help establish a life stage. A really good example of this is if you are advertising hearing aids, the problem is that you're hard hearing or that you're, you know, you you your hearing is not great. That's going to be more targeted towards an older demographic. Conversely, if you're having problems with your newborn in terms of your newborn not might not be sleeping, that is going to be fe um that is a different totally different life stage. that is going to be targeting people that are in that typically in that life stage. Um, huge one I'd never thought of before was the music in the background or the music that's playing in conjunction with the creative. That is going to set off a lot of cultural signals. So, it's it can be everything from a location to a education level to what those people are actually interested in. Um, are they athletic? Are they into bougie hotels? are they into the most trending whatever it might but the music is going to be key that's playing on it. And the last one again never thought of this before and probably had subconsciously but never really set scenes around it is the colors. The colors of what people are wearing, the colors of what's in the background, the colors of the product. That's going to help determine the emotional state of the buyer as well. So these are all really key. the setting, the person, the language, the problem, the music, and the colors that are in there. These are all very, very key when it comes to the AI interpreting what it is is the what is the message and what is the ad about and who should it be targeting from there. So, you're going to have to shift your mindset. I've had to I've been in this now since 2011. I've had to shift my mind my mindset massively about the way we do it. retire the hacks, feed the system with good creative. The creative breadth is going to beat the targeting micromanagement, and the smart money is going to let the AI optimize, and that's going to mean that we're going to have to have more and more creative. And I don't just mean getting one video and changing the thumbnail three times and hope that that might work. The content of the video is still going to be the same in each video. The AI is going to be targeting the same person. So, we need more in there. So, we're going to get creative fatigue. Does that mean you need to go and get a heap of video shot? No. As you can see, a lot of the creative that we're talking about in there can be done using imagery, product imagery, putting it in settings. AI allows us to do so much now. So, we might as well lean on it and use that. So, your next three moves, here's your action plan. Um, and I mean, we're doing this with all our brands and we consistently do this with our brands, is you need to order it. And if you run one type of creative, then you're going to you're going to hit a limit about how far you can scale it because you're only sending one set of signals through to Andromeda. So that it's not going to be able to understand everything that's going on. You need to have other different signals to indicate who else you might be trying to target or what different stages of awareness they might be at. Build all those eight creative types that I've taken you through. Rewind the video if you need to to go back through it. You structure it, keep it simple, go broad and let the budget find the winners. It's a very simplified ad system. The complexity is now not in the technical media buying of targeting and setting up convoluted ad systems. It's around the technical side of the creative and not just, you know, you don't just have to drive that creative. You know, media buyers aren't necessarily creative direct uh creative. We don't we're not creators, but we can drive the direction and the brief for the creative based on this information that I'm sharing with you today. Um, and look, if you do need help with any of it, please drop a comment below or just know that at Elite Brands, we do actually build entre already systems daily. So, this is the only way that we build our systems. now. There was a large element of this in it before this update came out, before this new system came out heavier and heavier into every all the little nuances, even the colors in there, the music in the background, the tonality in the voice, everything that goes into it. It's all has to be on point now. So, my advice to you, build an ad account that Andromeda rewards because the early adopters of this are going to be the ones that benefit from it. If you just ignore it and try to keep gaming the system the old way, you're going to get left behind. All right, any other questions? Drop a comment below. Um and I will talk to you all shortly.

  Top Comments:
  1. @trackingconsulting [2 likes]: Excellent. The Andromeda update marks a significant advancement for Meta’s conversion tracking and data processing capabilities. Integrating this with server-side tracking and proper event deduplication can help advertisers achieve far better attribution accuracy.
  2. @bernfiveten9243 [2 likes]: Great explanation, thankyou  -   whats your approach to now identify winning ads? when they could be part of a sequence that acually gets the conversion.
  3. @AdvertiserSETTOOLS [1 likes]: excellet.Great explanation, than😍🥰🥰🥰🥰
  4. @EriksLego4everInventions [1 likes]: In your opinion, in what ways has the funnel changed?
  5. @drocoar: Great video! I have a question: do you leave all placements open so the AI can decide where to show the ads, including, for example, reward videos in video games?
  6. @MariaGomez-lg2ug: With Andromeda, everyone's talking about consolidating all ads into one set, but how do I know if my ads are working on the top or bottom of the funnel?

And most importantly: what happens to retargeting now that we have custom audiences? Why is nobody talking about it now with Andromeda? Does it still make sense to separate prospecting from retargeting, or do we just let Meta decide the entire funnel?
  7. @JeffLewistennis: Hey. Beginner here. I sell online courses so feel like I need a warm audience. Do I just put my TOF ads in with my CTA ads? Or is there a better strategy? Thanks!
  8. @cristianchiarelli9725: How to structure account right now? in past i used: 1) stable/scaling campaign 2) retargetig campaign 3) testing campaign 4) engagement/traffic campaign but now?
  9. @wietsburger4698: I almost left because of the background music, but then realised it was only the first minute. I think it would help to remove the irritating background music in your next videos.
  10. @divyv20: Hie Elite,  watched this full video and its literally packed with so much information. I was shocked after providing so much value this video still has less views . According to me I think this video has not reached to more audience due to 2-3 reasons and if you crack that you will get more views . The 1st main reason is Thumbnail don’t give clear reason to click , 2nd is the hook is not made very engaging through editing and the 3rd reason is not strong Seo optimization due to which video has not reached the interested audience . I have helped creators to solve such problems and grow their channels + business massively . I would love to work with you Man . Would you be open to a quick chat ?

- Why Everyone Is Wrong About Meta Andromeda: Kind: captions Language: en The latest meta ads Andromeda update has completely transformed advertising. We've seen return on ad spends drop. We've seen CPAs rise and there has been an absolute outburst in new strategies completely change structures and new ways to run ads. Now, the scary thing I'm seeing in the market today is that there is so much advice out there with absolutely no proof of what actually works. So, in this video, I'm going to show you what has actually changed in this algorithm, what everyone is telling you that you need to do, which is mostly wrong. And then most importantly, I'm going to tell you what you should actually do in your ad account. So on December 2nd of 2024, the first Andromeda update releases. Now, I broke this entire white paper down in another video, but what we need to know and what's most important here is that this was released December 2nd, 2024. And the reason that date is so important is because this is right around the time where Advantage Plus started to see some changes in audiences. And what I drilled really hard in on that last video is that the Andromeda update was being used by the Advantage Plus algorithm for months and months and months. Meaning what happened just a few months ago with this new Andromeda update did not wipe your entire account. It just changed manual or non-advantage plus audiences. And then in April of 2025, we see a best practices white paper come out for Meta. and it breaks down basically the two or three things that are most important for us to understand and how and why Andromeda is different. Now, the one thing we need to focus on is creative diversification. Everybody right now is telling you to create new ads all of the time and only create new ads. In this white paper, it very clearly states that creative diversification refers to the practice of creating a wide range of ad creatives with different themes, messages, and visuals to cater to diverse audience segments. In the past, advertisers have relied heavily on targeting specific demographics, interests, and behaviors to reach their desired audience. By uploading multiple creatives with different themes, and messages, business can leverage Meta's AI to test and optimize their ads at scale. What does this even mean? If we go down a little bit further, it says very clearly, "The use of generative AI combined with automation makes it easier for advertisers to upload more volume and diversity of creative, creating more eligible ads for personalization." And here is the most important part. If you've ignored everything else I've said for the last minute, this is the thing you need to know. This increase in creative volume and diversity also means our system must process more information when determining who to show an ad. That's where Meta Andromeda comes in, working behind the scenes to power more complex AI models that can better personalize which ads we show to someone. So the big takeaway here is that as advertisers have increased their creative volume, as they have gone from just running two or three or four or five or 10 ads to potentially thousands of ads like some of the biggest brands, the meta ad system, the retrieval system has had an increasingly harder time. It's taking more processing power to put the right ad in front of the right person. Which actually means that people that were running a boatload of ads previously were at a slight disadvantage because the algorithm and literally the processing power of Meta's computers like legitimately GPUs and CPUs could not process all of the requests and therefore it was too hard and they had to rebuild an entire algorithm which we are now calling Andromeda. So in very regular terms, creative is now the targeting. And what that very simply means is that when you launch an ad, Facebook uses the data, engagement rates, and all of the metrics associated to that ad and tries to match it to the most relevant person. And what this means is you can now create multiple diverse ads, two ads that share completely different concepts, and ad A will be served to one audience and ad B will be served to a different audience. And the real problem is that people are taking creative diversification at face value. Just because each ad is matched to a specific audience doesn't mean we always need to find more audiences. So the recommendation by most people is that you should always be creating new completely different concepts. You should be taking home run swings with every single ad that you launch. You should make no ad look similar to another ad. You should always create a new concept from scratch over and over and over again. And if one ad works, great. Create a new concept. Don't ever worry about iterations. iterations are dead. This is not true whatsoever. So, I want to show everyone this in a really simple way. We're going to be using circles and squares. The circles are going to represent the ads. The squares are going to represent the audiences or who we're targeting. This is the old way. We have an audience and we have ads within that audience. The new way looks absolutely nothing like this. The new way looks like we have ads and then those ads go and find that appropriate audience. So instead of a system that is old school where you have one audience with a bunch of ads grouped in and that audience gets served to those ads, you now have a onetoone system. So quite literally what is happening is you have one ad to one audience, one ad to one audience, one ad to one audience. And I want to be very clear here. You of course have your pixel, you of course have your site information, you have your conversions API, you have maybe other thirdparty sources plugged in here which all have an effect on who Facebook is actually targeting. But the core difference is your ads are the targeting to define what audience you are going to go after. So what everyone's saying right now is that when you have a successful ad, all you have to do is increase that budget. Then go ahead and create a new concept. And if that's successful, you guessed it, increase the budget. Now, what that creates over time is you have to find an infinite pool of new concepts over and over and over. And the creative needs to be so diverse. What that's going to mean is you are going to strike out more than ever. you are going to miss so many times on your ads. You're going to create so many concepts with so much effort. It's going to take such a massive amount of creative resource, but it's also going to take a lot of ad spend to test every single one of these concepts. So ultimately, if you're running less ads and you're only focused on creative diversification, meaning you only are going for new concepts right now, you're going to waste massive amounts of money testing things that are unlikely to work because hitting a home run, getting a winning ad is a very hard thing to do in the first place. Meanwhile, you're taking less shots on goal. You're taking less chances. And instead of trying to hit for contact, singles, doubles, and occasionally a home run, you're only swinging for home runs, which means you're going to strike out a lot. So what do you do instead? Instead of ads, we are changing this in our heads from ads to concepts. We are not focused on an individual ad. We need to reframe this mentally as a concept. Now, what that means is if you have an ad type that you know works well, for example, you know, model photography with big bold letters on the screen works tremendously well for you, that is an ad concept. And now what I've added here is three concepts from the same brand. So Yeti, Yeti Colders, Yeti Mugs, they have a massive selection of products and they have a lot of use cases for their products. So what I put on the screen right here is three ads they are running right now with three completely different concepts. First concept is a very simple product selection on a very standard white/colored out background. The second is a product image of product in use. And the third is a very natural UGC style video. So the big thing we need to understand about Andromeda is that each of these concepts is going to target a different audience because I might react really well to this second ad right here. In fact, just looking at it, I could tell you I actually legitimately do react to that ad. Whereas someone else perhaps maybe down the funnel, maybe in the middle of the funnel, or maybe just a completely different person than me might react really, really well to this ad, and they might specifically react well to this color. They might also react well to the percentage off where I might react better to something that's in the natural setting. And every single person is different. We all have micro tendencies that are different. So unlike old Facebook ads that was about finding that one or two ads and creating a thousand iterations of those ads to address a huge chunk of the market, you would now have the beautiful ability because of Andromeda to create multiple concepts just like this. But the devil is in the details. Everyone is telling us to stop right here. Concept one, concept two, concept three, keep making concept four, make concept five, make concept six. But what you need to do instead and what Yeti is doing right now is they are finding their concepts and then they are creating massive and I am talking massive amounts of iterations of high-performing concepts. So to prove this to you, I went through Yeti's entire Facebook ad library and it didn't take me too long to find and prove out the exact theory that I'm hitting on. First, they launched 318 new ads in the last 14 days. Does that sound like a brand that's running less ads? because it definitely doesn't to me. Let me show you exactly what we're talking about in a real use case. Concept number one, very, very standard product on a splash background. Just as we said originally, concept number two, product in the wild, very straightforward, very clear concept. Concept number three, this is the UGC. This is the product in use. This is the raw stuff. You can see it doesn't have filters on it. It looks very natural. These are three different concepts that hit three different audiences. And what we need to focus on here is we still need iterations. Yeti's creating iterations. Athletic Greens is creating iterations. The biggest brands that we work with are still focused on iterations. You're taking home runs on concepts as we have very clearly here. And you're still building across the concept. So don't think of it as an ad unit. Think of it as an ad block, an ad pack. or if you want to be really simple, as I've said a hundred times, a concept. When you have a successful concept, you need to create iterations of that concept. Now, I want to be clear about something. Iterations need to be bigger. Iterations do not mean you change the Firefly collection to Firefly collection. That's not going to do anything these days. And in fact, it might get less spend. What you do need to do, as we can very clearly see from Yeti right here, is they're taking the concept, the idea that this product on a splash background works super well and they are dropping multiple variants of the same concept to a extend the life of this concept and b milk as much performance as possible out of this concept that is clearly working well. So, as I always say, if you need professionals in your ad account, if you want someone who's actually on top of this just in the way that we are, then click the link down below and go to the moonlighters.com/apply to see if you're a fit to work with us. And if not, and if you just have questions or you just got some value out of this video, please let me know in the comments below. And I will see you all in the next

  Top Comments:
  1. @raulgolfs [4 likes]: Man my ROAS has been killing me with the new update.
  2. @mgangel7 [4 likes]: It's Facebook's job to set the conditions so that its advertisers' work is relatively easy. If many advertisers are making mistakes, that's obviously Facebook's fault as well.
  3. @mastechtecnologia1019 [1 likes]: Estou no Brasil, com um e-commerce b2b implantei seu método no final de outubro/2025, e já estamos com excelentes resultados. Nessa estrutura nova iniciamos com 100 dolares diario. Excelente.
  4. @HumailJamal [1 likes]: Great video... Very easy to understand and clear
  5. @anudeep3964 [1 likes]: Bro, I genuinely love your content and the deep knowledge you’ve got in Meta Ads🔥. 
You’re literally that 0.1% of people who never settle and keep grinding no matter what 💪. 
And the fact that you share all this exceptional knowledge on YouTube for FREE is just next level 👏. 
God bless you, bro and keep hustling and inspiring.
  6. @Mepicalabarba [1 likes]: I love your content so much!!! I would really like to be part of the moonlighters too!! as another moonlighter I mean
  7. @DigitalMarketingJagpal [1 likes]: Hi Sam, I am from India, Nice learning with you, I am also practicing Google ads and Facebook ads from last 10 years, there is always space to improvement. Its Great Learning with you also... Thank You
  8. @SamPiliero: 👉 Work with me and my team: go.themoonlighters.com/apply-l109
👉 Join my coaching program: go.themoonlighters.com/skool-l109
  9. @tourccs: Few days ago i was contact with Facebook team of no perform issue but they Couldn't give proper solution
  10. @GoranČandrlić: Hey Sam - so should I put one broad campaign and do ABO on each of the concepts - so if the concept work - I just scale / refresh with new creatives on the same concept? Or do I put all the concepts in one adset or CBO and let it run? I think it's better to get separate budget for each concept right?
  11. @adamkennedyripon: so essentially your telling us our  costs 100x to create more ad creatives.  And essentially FB just guessing with your ad budget until it finds people that engage with it, and it doesn’t even a.b test the same ad with the same audience. Sounds ludicrous and highly profitable for Facebook revenue. And lacks transparency as only fb AI know what works (not sharing it with us) leaving us in the cold with no learnings
  12. @Crystal_Cook_: This was incredibly helpful. My question is - do we put different concepts into the same campaign/ad set, or should they be separated?
  13. @amazonbdarija: im testing your way "new way"i ll tell you about the result in 48h
  14. @Bvolts71: From what I understand, we no longer need to use CBO for different creative concepts. Since each creative is delivered to a different audience segment, we should rely on ABO until we identify a winning concept. After that, we can create variations of the winning concept and place them into a single CBO campaign. 

However, I’m still confused. if it’s 1 ad 1 audience, why do we even need CBO? Wouldn’t ABO give us better insights, right?
  15. @dano.cienfuegos: Then why is Meta rolling out the "Creative Similarity" report to avoid having ads with the same entity id?
  16. @a-blastwow8557: Hi Sam!  : ) as always, amazing video! Trying to ask you a quick quest: I can spend 5€ a day on a client. But i'm spending without results. Which is the best strategy in that case if i have 5€ daily? Where could be the error? (business: bathroom renovation) . Thanks if you can reply :)
  17. @johnmaris4334: This explains a lot. Started running ads 10 days ago and thought I had lost my mind. Very, very helpful.
  18. @CoolBoxShop: Are those concepts each in it's own adset or are they all in one single adset?
  19. @drewclary4280: Hi Sam, Love the content. How would you structure concepts from a meta ads manager perspective? Put all in same campaign and adset? Have separate ad sets for each concept, but in the same campaign, or have separate campaigns for each concept? Brand spending ~5k/mo
  20. @Entrepryze: Nice video, keep it up , where should I contact you for a potential sponsorship?

- META ANDROMEDA UPDATE - NEW FACEBOOK ADS ALGORITHMS 2026: Kind: captions Language: en Hello everyone. This is Magic Click Partners, a reliable dumping and betting affiliate network. Today we're going to talk about a topic that's on everyone's lips. Andromeda. This is a major new update from Meta which changes the logic of how ads work on the platform. In short, Andromeda is a new entry filter for all advertisements. Previously, Facebook's algorithm would first launch an advertisement, then it would determine who to display it to and optimize it progressively. Now everything is different. Andromeda analyzes your creative even before the ad serving begins deciding if it's worth showing it at all and if so to which specific audience. So essentially this is a preliminary selection process. If it doesn't pass there's no traffic or there is traffic but the CPM is too high and the leads are expensive. Many affiliate marketers have already experienced this with their campaigns. Meta is positioning this as an improvement. The auction now operates much faster. It analyzes the audience more effectively and so on. For those who are working with white hat traffic, this might actually be a good thing. But for people like us, it's simply another challenge that we'll need to adapt to. Facebook updates as a rule tend to complicate gray niches. How should you launch now? The most important takeaway from this update is that now the focus is on creativity, not campaign settings. Meta itself says, "Give us money and quality creatives and we will find your audience." It sounds great, but in practice, it's still hit or miss, though the trend is clear. How does Meta itself recommend launching? We create one ad campaign, one ad set, and inside the maximum number of diverse creatives, 10 to 20 of them. Previously, there was a limit of six ads per group, but now that restriction has been removed. This is certainly no coincidence. Meta wants Andromeda to independently choose what to display from a large pool of available options. And in parallel, it's undoubtedly learning as well. Since the system has only just been introduced, it's likely still underdeveloped, and it will learn from our advertising campaigns. This is why Facebook so aggressively pushes advantage plus technology. The most important thing to understand different texts and colors on one image are not distinct creatives. Andromeda sees this as the same approach and if it doesn't like it it won't let it pass. We really need different approaches and for each approach ideally several formats video and static content. As for the structure the 1310 scheme is currently effective. one campaign, three groups, each with 10 plus different creatives. Audience gathering takes place at the ad group level, meaning various groups grant access to distinct audience segments. Regarding the budget, there are no alterations. If you are running multiple groups set minimum bids from 12 to $25 depending on the geo, Facebook will find leads even for 20 bucks a day. It will just be a cheaper audience. Don't immediately set large budgets hoping for high volume. Opinions on the audience are divided, but the majority tends to agree that Advantage Plus should be retained. Without it, the results are currently worse. Among the essential settings, age should be from 25 years, preferably from 29 to 30. Everything below is most likely garbage. Set the language by geo. It doesn't really affect the number of impressions. Do not touch anything else in the audience. You will only make things worse. specifically the pixel data transmission solely via the thank you page is already performing poorly. Andromeda requires highquality training data. Therefore, you must configure the conversions API. Facebook needs to learn from real clean events, purchases, subscriptions, not from duplicates and junk clicks. The cleaner the data, the more precise the algorithm becomes and the cheaper your leads will be. So, what should you do with your current campaigns? You should only relaunch those that have completely stopped or are no longer generating quality leads. In that case, then you should launch a new campaign. But this time it must be under completely new rules. More creative assets, fewer ad groups, and only minimal budgets for the initial initial launch. Andromeda is certainly not the end. Rather, it represents just another set of brand new game conditions. The key difference is that before you could just push any creative and then optimize. Now, that's not the case. Now, you have to get the algorithm on board from the start, show it a variety of quality creatives for it to choose from. If you do this, you'll get traffic. If you don't, you'll just watch high SPM and wonder why. Meta is moving towards a model where you give money and creatives and it does everything itself. It's not working perfectly yet, but the direction is clear. Those who adapt will be the ones who profit. If you work with gambling traffic, I invite you to register with our affiliate network, Magic Click Partners. Over 1,500 offers and we also accept Facebook traffic. Register and the manager will contact you. That's all. Subscribe to our Telegram channel, links in the description, and good luck with your campaigns.

  Top Comments:
  1. @GuaranteedPPC: Essentially, Andromeda has made it highly profitable to do keyword stuffing of your AD copy, and making your images have copy within them as well.

- Meta Andromeda: The Hidden AI System Behind Facebook Ads Delivery (2025 Guide): Kind: captions Language: en Have you noticed lately that the performance of your Facebook ads seems unpredictable? Sometimes cheap, sometimes suddenly loving. The old strategy you were using is no longer working. That's because meta just changes how ads really work. And the system running your ads right now is no longer the old one. It's powered by Meta Andromeda. In this video, I'll break down how this system works. Why is it important for you to know as a business owner using Facebook ads and how you can actually use it to your own advantage? Let's discuss the three main points. Number one, metaandromeda? It's important that you understand this. Andromeda is Meta's new AI powered retrieval engine. He is the one who decides which ads will be shown to the right people and at the right time. Imagine millions of ads running at the same time. Not everyone can see it. Andromeda filters everything and only shows what people will likely engage with. It uses what they call deep machine learning. Data can be analyzed faster by behavior, interest, device, time, everything. So instead of the old manual system, Meta Andromeda Facebook ads make it faster and more automated. It's like a former traffic enforcer versus Wazte. Before humans were in control, now AI is planning the most efficient route to get where they want to go. So, Andromeda is the brain of your Facebook ads. If your creatives are good and your data is in order, the system will reward you with cheaper and better ads. Number two, how it works behind the scenes. How does this work behind the scenes, Coach J? First, Andromeda filters millions of ads. So like I told you earlier, it's down to the finalists. These are the ads that are qualified to be shown to the user. So next, it checks the major things. Number one, behavior. What are your interests? What are the recent websites you visited? Number two, creative. What is it about it that appeals to you? Number three, context. What time is it? What device and what placement? For example, if you love skin care, it's late at night, it's relaxation time. So, Andromeda will show you the night serum ad. Instead of those gym supplement ads, the system automatically learns to optimize faster than before. So it's like Netflix recommendations, the more you watch, the smarter it gets. Netflix gives you recommendations. Andromeda makes ads more relevant only if you feed in a good data, creatives, and a signal. Number three, what you should do as a marketer or a business owner who uses Facebook ads. Number one, diversify your creatives. Andromeda favors advertisers who have multiple ad variations. So, you can try different hooks, colors, and even video formats. For example, if your creative was previously one per adset, now make it three or five versions. Videos, carousels, testimonials, memes. Let the system pick the winner. Number two, PID. the machine cleans data. So how is this? If you're familiar with Pixel, this is important for Facebook ads. You need to install Pixel on your website. Set the conversion events and use real lead or purchase data. Because if the data you provide is bad, Andromeda can't match your ideal buyers. It's like an AI assistant. If the instructions or data you give are wrong, the AI will also give you wrong information. Number three, you need to monitor and adapt fast. The system changed quickly on Facebook ads. So you must also be flexible to adjust. Check your daily results during the first 3 days. Purge or kill your low performing ads and scale the winners fast. You need to be quick. So before, it was okay to wait 7 days, but now in just 2 to 3 days, you can immediately see who the winner is in the ads you published. The takeaway here is don't overcontrol your ads. Give the system what it needs. That creative consistency. And let the AI do its job. Let's quickly recap what we discussed. Metaandromeda is the meta's new AI brain for ads. It filters millions of ads to only show the most relevant ones to the right people. If you want to win, provide good creatives, clear targeting, and strong signals. If you want a guide on how to optimize your targeting, I have a new system I discovered. So download the free Facebook Ads targeting cheat sheet I created. By the way, it's free and there is no charge. All you need to do is comment below the free targeting cheat sheet so I can message you how you can download that free ebook. That's it for now. This is Coach J Gregorio and remember in 2025 and 2026 and beyond, it is no longer enough to just know how to run ads. You also need to know how to play and use AI. Paid the system right and the system rewards you. See you in the next video.

  Top Comments:
  1. @JayGregorio [2 likes]: Download your FREE Targeting Guide here:
https://www.jaygregorio.com/targeting-cheatsheet/
  2. @ivanrellosa2029: Free targeting cheat sheet
  3. @Homeboyie2023: Free targeting cheat sheets
  4. @embrox9642: Free targeting  cheat sheets
  5. @michaelmanugas772: Free Targeting cheat sheets
  6. @Terence_Kyle: Free targeting cheat sheet
  7. @celersalazar5289: Free cheat sheet
  8. @lopezinsuranceagency-t3r: free targeting cheat sheets
  9. @sharethegoodthingsstgt9504: Free targeting
  10. @viewer2k: FREE TARGETTING
  11. @christiangerona2146: Free Targeting Cheat Sheet
  12. @dbb1972: Free targetting sheet
  13. @redeemmanalo4390: free targeting
  14. @ezragabuni5778: Free targeting cheat sheet
  15. @maryrosecodes85: Freetargeting
  16. @maryrosecodes85: Free target cheat sheet
  17. @jichaeljimenez5136: Free targeting cheat sheet
  18. @jhoevenmonares2365: Free targeting cheat sheet
  19. @yurikagrajera4422: Free targeting cheat sheet
  20. @ClydeCALABARZONSRA: Free targeting cheat sheet

- Why Most Meta Ad Accounts Stopped Scaling After Andromeda: Kind: captions Language: en If your agency has really changed how to build ad credit since Andromea meta's new machine learning system then honestly you should probably think working with them and I know that sounds harsh is not because they don't work hard or it's just that they are bleeding with a way of thinking that well it doesn't really exist anymore. All right, quick intro just so you know where I'm coming from. My name is Stephano. I'm the co-founder of COSMA and over the last six months my team and I we spent more than $20 million across meta and Google ads for e-commerce brand and during that same time we have been deep in distribution like really we have created and tested hundred of performance creative usually style any kind of content short form videos fully credit system you name it every single month we do know how to count spending anywhere from 10,000 to over $500,000 per month. So yeah, I can talk about this with confidence. We actually see it what is going on every day. And honestly, across most of that account we audited, we keep seeing the same exact thing. Account structures that haven't really been touched in years. Campaign logic like completely frozen in time. Currently, strategish is built for an old version of meta, which is a version that just doesn't exist anymore. And in a lot of cases, the setup look like almost identical to what agencies were running back in 2020 or 2021. The same study, a couple of videos with slightly different hooks, all tested across a mess of interest, lookalikes, and multi-step retargeting campaign. This doesn't exist anymore. And that's why performance feel inconsistent. And lately it just getting worse. And when that happened, the same explanation always came up. Oh, it just met update or it's a tracking problem. Maybe it's an attrition problem. If you're being nice for a second, that's not what actually is key performance. What really gins performance is the lack of real system behind those ads. It's random credit testing with no clear direction. It's inconsistent messaging that confuse people instead of guiding them. It's campaign that don't work together and probably the reality that is a deep misunderstanding of how real people actually make buying decision. Yeah, that approach might work a few years ago but today is scaling your growth and that's exactly why after Androme rolled out everyone started repeating the same line. We need more creative differentiation. And sure, on the surface that sounds right, but there is a problem. Most people don't actually understand what does it mean. They think differentiation means changing hook or swapping the creator or adding the same video again and again and again. This is not differentiation. This is just variation. Metad bit Andromeda to reward tiny tweaks. You build everything to reward functional differences, ads that do different jobs, ads that work at different moments, ads that match different stages of the buyer's journey. And if your agency doesn't get that, then yeah, optimizing details instead of fixing the entire system. Andromeda massively increase meta's computing power and change how ads are delivered. The system now understand the meaning not just how an looks but what actually it says it understand the context and the connectet behavior over the time it understand what head or content someone today and probably what they're doing right now and this is the biggest shift before Andromeda meta start to be ad and try to find people now meta instead start with a person and looks at the failure their intent and the situation and then it chooses the ad that fits the suck moment. So instead of forcing every one through one rich funnel, meta builds those personalized micro journeys. And that's why old structures don't work anymore. They were built to have one networking that makes all the sales and support the world journey. That's why now you need to focus more on the course situation of the people inside that funnel. Some people they don't even know they have a problem. Some feel the problem but they don't know the solution. Some other knows the option but they don't trust your brand yet. And some others are they know your product and yet others are ready to buy right now. And that's what most agencies completely miss. If your creative library doesn't coil or those stages meta literally has nothing useful to show. And when metal doesn't have direct creative deliver just nothing. That's why it is inconsistent. You don't get good result from it. But here is a solution. The awareness level unaware problem aware product aware and most aware are not theory anymore. They begin your structure. Let's break it down properly. So unaware is where everything start. Those people don't think they have a problem yet. They're just probably scrolling. So if you show them a product uh or like offer, it feels very random and probably annoying. That's why our ads sell through a story. They show a moment or like situation, a feeling, something that makes the person stop and think, "Wait, that's me." That's how you open the loop. For example, the classic BSL ads or found the story ads or even something super long, like 10 minutes long. And that's why most agencies never propose those kind of ads. Then you move into a problem aware ad. Now the birds feels the frustration. They know something is off but they don't know what fix it. So problem aware ads don't pitch solution. They name the pain clearly. They articulate the frustration better than the person can themsel. When someone watches those ads, they think, "Oh, finally someone gets it. And then come solution aware now the person knows there are solution but they don't know which one actually works and this is where real differentiation happens. This is where you explain the unique mechanism for example the classic old way versus the new way or you know the start with why my solution phase is a solution that solve your problem. So they need to be simple, clear and mostly we can say educational. After that we move into product aware ads and the people that are going to see those kind of ads already knows that your product exist. They seen you before. They're curious but still are not buying yet because here your job is not persu work. In this case, you will need proof ads, reviews ads, testimonial ads. You will need a lot of you should see content. That's why you should see content are very important. So, you need to handle the objection your potential customer might have and create ads around it. So, you're like answering to the question, does this actually work for people like me? And then finally, we move into the most ads. In this case, the people that we see those kind of ads are ready to buy. They don't need any more convincing procing testimonial everything that they need to see. They just need clarity like an offer, a final push and a reason to act now. And the classic example for these ads are like study ads with a discount. And now here is the part that most brand are missing. Those levels are not random. They are sequential. people move through them in order and mentor is constantly trying to guide the people from step one into the next. If your other account is filled with olive protects and offs like 99% of other account does probably matter has nothing to show to 70 80% of people. That's why performance feel very inconsistent and scaling became super hard in this case. That's why you need to apply awareness levels to your strategy. is not anymore a copyrightiting thing anymore or just theory. This is probably the real solution to the new Andromeda update because now meta machine learning system is always asking one question. What should this person see next? And if your heads don't answer that meta cannot build any yellow journeys. So we can say that Andromeda didn't break advertising. It exposes outdated systems. And if your agency is still guessing, steer rodating ads randomly, still using old structures, then yeah, they're not adapting. They're just failing behind. And I can say that the future of P Soel belongs to the brand with clear system, strong structure, and a full awareness coverage. And if agency isn't pushing this kind of change after Androme Rockwell, probably you already know what to do

- Copy This Facebook Ads Strategy, It'll Blow Up Your Business (Post-Andromeda): Kind: captions Language: en In this video, I'm going to show you the exact Facebook ad strategy that doubled one of our clients revenue and grew another from sub $100,000 months to $150,000 months, both within 30 days. First, I'm going to show you exactly how we set up the campaign. Then, I'm going to walk you through how to structure your creatives and give you a proper testing framework. And to be honest, this is where most people mess up, and it's actually the most important part. And then, at the end, I'm going to give you five creative types that I've seen are absolutely killing it. in all of our clients ad accounts right now. And here's the thing, we're well aware of Meta's new Andromeda update. The way we structure all of our clients ad accounts has completely changed. The algorithm now craves so much more volume and creative diversity than ever before. So, the strategy that I'm about to show you is built specifically for Facebook ads in 2025, this Q4. And I know this because my company makes thousands of creatives for brands just like yours every single month. We're not just talking theory here. This is exactly what we do for our clients in the agency. So, let's jump onto my computer and get into it. All right. So, now that we're into my computer, I just want to let you know that this campaign is going to be a prospecting CBO. We're going to be using only broad audiences. And we're going to be excluding all existing customers. And how we're going to be doing this is structuring around creative batches, not individual ads. And the reason for that is because each new batch will go into a new learning phase, not the entire campaign itself. And the goal of this campaign is strictly to find new winners. So what we're going to do is start with the sales campaign. We're going to leave all of this alone and we're going to be doing a campaign budget. Like I said, this is a CBO. The next thing we're going to do is go to the ads set and we want to go here where we have show more controls. And then we're going to click on this right here that says exclude custom audiences. And then here you're going to need to go in and exclude your previous purchasers. And then each ad set is going to be batchbased. So, you can name these however you like, but you could do this maybe batch number one and then the next one batch number two, batch number three. And I know that that wasn't super in-depth, but that's the point, right? It's not supposed to be hard to run your ads. Just remember CBO, under each ad set, go in and exclude your customers. And then underneath each ad set, we're going to be having anywhere from 15 to 30 creatives. So, of those 15 to 30 creatives, we want to break them down like this. We want to have three different angles per customer profile. And of those, we want to have five different creative types. So, let's just say as an example, I run a sleep aid supplement company and my customer profile is people who want to improve their sleep. The first angle I could take is people who have trouble falling asleep. The second angle I could take is people who wake up over and over in the middle of the night. And the third pain point or angle that I could take is people who have poor sleep quality or wake up in the morning still feeling tired from the night before. And then underneath these angles, we could have, you know, founder le VSSL, us versus them creative, social proof and reviewbased creative, etc., etc. And then what we typically find when we structure our campaigns this way and when we structure our adsets this way is of these 15 creatives that we're testing, we have an extreme diversity of angles, but we also have an extreme diversity in the types of the creatives that we're doing. And this is perfect for Meta's new algorithm because let's say that in angle one only creative type one and two work. And in angle two, nothing works. And then in angle three, you only have one creative type that works. Now you know something and you can continue to create a ton of creative volume around these things that you know and understand while simultaneously still going in and testing many new angles just like this. And the reason that we like to test with the CBO and the campaign structure is extremely simple is because the CBO is unforgiving. It doesn't care what ad you think is going to work. You're giving each ad an equal opportunity to get spend in the campaign. So every single week, week over week, you're adding new winners into your ad account. After you launch your campaign, you're going to have 7 days to analyze performance. Essentially, you're just going to do three things. First, you're going to identify above target performers. So, of those 15 creatives that we launched, how many of them are above your target rorowaz or your target CPA or whatever KPI you're optimizing for? And then once you've identified your above target performers, there's really two different routes that you could take. You could graduate your winners into a scale campaign with a very similar setup, or you could just vertically scale your CBO and continue adding volume to this campaign. If you don't spend tons of money, 5, 10, $20,000 a day on Meta. I would say just keep it simple. Consolidate everything into one campaign. You don't need to over complicate things. But, you know, if you want to get fancy and you're a more experienced media buyer, um, you could throw together an ASC campaign and graduate your winners into that and vertically scale that one. And then third, and most important, you need to continue testing new concepts. So, now that you understand exactly how to structure your campaign, how to structure your adsets, and how you should be structuring your creative test, I'm going [music] to give you a few of my favorite types of creatives. And if you start testing with these and those five or six creatives per angle within those ad sets, I promise you are going to find winners. This is going to work like a charm. If you follow these exact creative types, so the first one is going to be problem solution ads. The idea behind this is that you're going to agitate a painoint and then [music] solve it. And this does work for both statics and VSSLs, but I already have a couple VSSLs on here. So, I would recommend doing these as statics if you're going to follow this video to an absolute tea. And the reason why this works is because people are buying solutions, not products. Come on, guys. It's 2025. A white background product shot is not going to cut it anymore. And I like this one as an example. This is actually a creative that we made because obviously if you've ever taken powdered creatine before, you know it's an awful experience. And this simple line of text right here absolutely hits home and nails on that emotion of how bad of an experience taking powdered creatine really is. And then obviously we provide the solution right there. The second creative type and guys I need you to listen to me for this one is founderled VSSLs. This says founder story VSSLs. Just take it as any VSSL with you as the founder. If you can properly speak to your ideal customer, if you are able to communicate with them effectively, you have to be making founder VSSLs, this is by far the best creative type to run. So you can run anything with a personal narrative from you why you built the company. Or you could even just run any creative that you already have some verified messaging from previous VSSLs or UGC scripts and you can absolutely just film that yourself. This is 100% the highest converting format for every new brand that we work with. And because it just comes off extremely authentic, you build tons of authority and connection with your audience. And this creative is probably the number one best creative that you can run because this works for way more than the KPIs that you're going to see in the ad account as well. This is just massive for your [music] brand. The next one, and this is my personal favorite because it's just really easy and it works extremely well, is going to be social proof ads. So, any reviews, any testimonials, any UGC review style content that you have, such lowhanging fruit, so easy to do. You can literally just do exactly what this one does. Take a review off your website, throw it on a picture with a product of yours, and this is just going to kill in the middle of your funnel. Everybody's been scammed on Meta. Nobody trusts any brand anymore. It's super easy to just get over the hump, have your customers trust you, and it's just going to do volumes for you in the middle of your funnel. So, the next one is us versus them ads. And I know guys, this is not rocket science here, but I do want to include it. If you have any problem solution product or if you have any innovative solution in your niche, this is just also super easy, lowhanging fruit. You can really play on people's fear or emotions like we did with this one. Everybody knows energy drinks have tons of fear about them. This is also a client creative. Um, everybody always talks about fake sugar, jitters and crashes, whatever. Super easy. I don't really need to get too into that one, but this is definitely another good type of creative. Another one that I really love, and I will preface this by saying this probably has the highest degree of difficulty, is prospecting VSSLs. want to keep these very story driven and with broad audience appeal. [music] And the goal of this is to take someone who's never heard about your brand and maybe never even heard about your product and turn them into a buyer. So, this is the old like OG format that we used to use. Obviously, I'm not going to say that formats are tried and true anymore when the real meta now is just absolute creative variation and tons of creative diversity. But if you don't already have a creative like this in your ad account, I would 100% recommend you try it. [music] First, start out with a very emotional and thoughtprovoking hook. Then get into storytelling. This is usually going to be, I don't know, 3 to 10 seconds long. This is going to be somewhere like 10 to 30 seconds long. And in the storytelling, again, you want to make it very personal, like a personal experience or something. And you don't need to necessarily reveal your product, but you can go into talking about the problems or things like that. Then you want to get into unique mechanism problem and unique mechanism solution. And I can scroll back up and use this creatine gummy for example again for this. So the unique mechanism problem in the creatine industry is obviously chalk. It tastes like bad. I don't want to say cuss words. Then the unique mechanism solution is obviously the gummy. So that's just an extremely simple, easy way for me to explain what that means. Essentially, it means all the other products in your niche, highlight what's bad about them, and then highlight the key differentiating factor between you and the other products. Then after that, these are super simple, just risk reversal and testimonials. Risk reversal is like, you know, 30-day money back guarantee or, you know, free shipping, free returns, something like that. And then also testimonials. The testimonial section is key and you want to try to address any objections in the testimonial section. So, for example, if people have like a big question about your product, you want to answer that in the testimonial section. Like maybe if you're in apparel or hat brand or whatever, how does the product fit? Things like that. In your testimonial, you could say, "Oh my gosh, it's the perfect fit." Blah blah blah. If you're in, you know, I don't know, some certain supplement company, if there's like a very key thing that a lot of customers have, like a key question that they have, you want to address that in the testimonial section. Because if you've gotten them all the way hooked, they listen to your entire story. They listen through all of this and all this. The last thing that could get them over the hump is speaking to their exact pain point. [music] And there are common pain points that you can find in Reddit threads, Amazon reviews, your own reviews, competitor analysis in their comment section. This is where you address all of those objections. And I said, like I said before, why this works is because it turns completely unaware scrollers into buyers. And again, I do want to preface that this is probably the highest degree of difficulty of all the creatives that I showed here, but when done correctly, one of these can pull six figures in spend, and we've created multiple of them that have done exactly that. The next one is going to be offerbased ads. I know that this is very simple, but also another thing that I want to point out is not just offer-based ads, but something that is removing price objections upfront. So, this is another client of ours. this is a fairly expensive product and an objection that we were having or a trend that we were seeing is as they came and saw the price the conversion rate on the website was really bad even though they'd done a lot of CRO um and the website was good. So what we did is we essentially started addressing price objections in the funnel. Um and these are middle of funnel creatives but what this did was we raised the conversion rate without doing any extra work on the website because people were aware that they could use um buy now pay later layer options on the website. So I hope that was valuable for you. If you made it to the end of the video comment 3D in the comments below. If you have any questions just leave them there. And remember a brief summary guys. We're going to run one CBO. For every ad set, we're going to put 15 to 30 creatives in there. [music] And then of those 15 creatives, we're going to do three angles. And then of those three angles, we're going to do five to six different types of creatives. So, the goal of setting up your campaign that way is again creative diversity because of the new Meta Andromeda update. And again, like I said, we do run a creative agency. So, if you don't want to do all this stuff yourself, just click the link below. There's a link to our website. There's like a 15 to 20 minute video on the website where I explain exactly how we do what we do. And there's also a bunch of case studies and testimonials there as well. So, hope you guys enjoyed it. Don't forget to subscribe and comment 3D in the comment section below.

  Top Comments:
  1. @jaredirobinson [11 likes]: My company helps DTC brands build creative pipelines & a profitable meta sales channel through FULLY DFY creative production & media buying.

If you are interested in learning more about what we do, click here: https://www.donglobalsolutions.com/home
  2. @captainawesomebot1522 [6 likes]: Odin where's your eye patch
  3. @ToneAudio.official [1 likes]: Why do you use fake comments bro? The only reason that i didn’t want to keep watching your video and didn’t trust when i saw those all fake comments!!
  4. @Onewayout77: I think there’s a mode now that ai can handle the budget by its self 😭on meta
  5. @jamesdavidmurphy1: 3d
  6. @JairaRoxas-f4i: Ver. 1
Hey ,
Quick question. Are you already working with a video editor right now?
If not, I’d love to help out and see if I can make things easier on your end.

If you want a slightly more casual one, here’s another option:
  7. @ChuckAshley-dw3vu: 3D
  8. @ryancmcleod: 3d
  9. @urushi9370: 3d!
  10. @moritzasche3060: Do I increase the spend of the CBO campaign when launching new Test batches?
  11. @moodychaplin: 3D. Thanks!
  12. @seank2793: Ughhh wish someone makes local ads version, same concept but definitely different
  13. @adriansthill380: 3D
  14. @ChikinCoopMusik: 3D
  15. @Mayank-ai-DS: Honestly, the exact funnel you sketched out is what I’ve been dialing in for several merch clients this year—every ad copy tweak from the lift to the clone stage was built on the same process. I’ve got the tools and data stack fed in, the budget’s already in place, and the only thing I constantly miss is a partner who can’t stop chasing the next creative win. If that feels like you, I'd love to see what we can amplify together. 🚀
  16. @krysttonjhonatan: Very nice video bro, congratulations for content, win +1 registered !
  17. @Leo_Seliger: 3D - absolutely love your content bro. Already learned so much from you🙏🏻🙏🏻
  18. @joinbluesaturn: Great video, very informative and appreciate the way you walkthrough everything! Do you have any recommendations on a similar strategy to use on Instagram?
  19. @Ja.Sam.: Thank you
  20. @BryonMahlangu: Nowadays I don't only comment to videos I love but I also comment to videos I hate and tell the creator they did shit and give a dislike because they didn't put in the work. I love this videos it's in my top 5 for running ads thanks bro. 3D.

- How To Run Lead Gen Ads After The Meta Andromeda Update: Kind: captions Language: en Hello. Hello. How's it going everyone? So, in today's video, we're going to be talking about Meta Andromeda and how you can use it for lead generation. What's kind of the different frameworks that I work from, what I've seen worked more than not. With that being said, and I just want to make this apparent across all entire videos that I make is we show evidence all throughout the other channel, Cro Growth. So if you're curious about why, you know, why are we just talking theory here per se or you just think that we're talking theory, you can always go check out our other channel, Super Cro Growth, and we show evidence of that. So this is not just theory. This is actually what we have seen work. So anyways, um with that being said, I wanted to cover the important topic of lead generation because I know that there's a lot of businesses out there that are not really sure about how Andromeda is affecting lead generation. Now, most of the time I talk about e-commerce because e-commerce tends to be from in my experience more complex when it comes to the media buying side of it. So, the omni channel and media buying side of um e-commerce versus lead generation. However, lead generation's complexities from what I've experienced have been more on the sales side, more on the offer side, more on the lagtime side. And so, you're kind of looking more at the pipeline versus different channels per se. But, we're going to kind of go through Google and Meta sort of together a little bit. um more so like I said 90% meta but just a little bit of Google um in here as well but I wanted to kind of start with um describing the the different type of frameworks that will be represented by these different um I guess logos per se. So over here um I have a plumber logo. So think of this as people that are more geared towards you know when they have a certain problem they look for a solution right and then SAS pretty straightforward it's kind of like e-commerce e kind of mixed with lead genen because you're looking at the overall conversion value and then we have this which I just have as renovation which maybe represents something like you know higher ticket B2B more thought behind it that kind of process right so we're we're either buying products for our business we're buying you know, a housing like we're redoing our backyard or our kitchen or, you know, whatever the case is. It's more of a longer cycle in there. So, these kind of all represent, I would say, um the the main archetypes of um lead generation. Now, I know that before in the comments like, "Oh, I know this brand." Yes, I understand. There's way way more styles um out there. These are just the most common general frameworks of each lead generation style, per se. Um so anyways I want to go into explaining how Andromeda is affecting these types of niches. Um so the first thing I want to cover is the you know immediate solution kind of like your local business sort of um you know plumbers, chiropractors, that kind of thing, right? So, when it comes to Andromeda, the way that Andromeda works really, really well is it works off of going after people that are in a certain part of their journey and then your brand pops up and then you obviously, you know, get conversions. Now, typically with something like a plumber or let's say a chiropractor or like your local business, you're going to see Google perform a lot better on search just because it's very demand focused. You're not necessarily having to generate the demand because like an extreme example would be, you know, emergency plumber, there's a leak right now and you're not going to need to be educated on like, oh, which brand should I go for? It's like, no, you need help right now. You're going to go exactly for the first thing that pops up that's the most convenient for you because you don't want to be drowning in who knows what in your house and have water damage. So, speed to lead is obviously very important. Um, another version of this could be like a chiropractor like I was saying where someone maybe has back pain. So, they want to solve the problem, but it's not as immediate as um something like, you know, a um emergency plumber, per se. And so, this allows us to kind of get into different scenarios that I'll talk about in just a moment on the lag time of the business. So, we we'll cover that. And then on the SAS side, like I was saying earlier, this is more geared towards um e-commerce. Think of it as your, you know, obviously like your CRM softwares or any kind of business that can give you maybe like a certification and you have an actual, you know, dollar amount that you're able to input back. So, you're you're going through the process of, you know, education or information or a software and then you're paying the value at the end of it. you don't have to really go through um a journey to get educated and have people check out for a quote and then um you know kind of move you through the process in that sense, right? There's less salesy side of it. There's a less sales side of it when it comes to SAS. You can optimize towards conversion value because it tends to be a lot shorter in the sales cycle. Not to say that's all the time, but that's generally the blend. So SAS, like I said, very e-commerce and like I said, renovation. This is going to be just representing B2B. In fact, I'll do this because I know that some people might get confused, including myself. So, I'll do B2B, longer sales cycles, larger decisions. Okay, so going back to what each one of these events are. So, we're talking about the plumber, so your local business better on search typically. Now, with Andromeda, the the biggest thing with this, like I was saying earlier, is that it's going to try to meet people at the journey. So if we can feed back the right information as fast as possible, then that means that we can obviously get better results because it can meet more people at the specific location of that event or the specific location that or I guess specific thought pattern that the you know customer potential customer is in. Right? So if I'm someone that might be having back pain and I'm thinking wow I have back pain like okay I'm going to get advertised like different types of chairs if I'm sitting around a lot. um you maybe advertise like oh I tried this chair it didn't work or you know you might have like acupuncture or you might be talking about you know chiropractor like back pain or maybe you might have a severe condition that you're just unaware of and so there's there's these different types of points based on what the pain levels are like all this kind of stuff that come into account. So you have to kind of gauge your business off of the lag time. So each one of these represents different time frames that occur for the typical buying cycle. Now as you go further up the funnel, people become less problem aware and it's more maybe preventative care for back pain than actual back pain itself. And so that may take longer for someone to go from, you know, oh, I might need to go to a chiropractor or not kind of thing. Um, and so what that means is that we have to understand, okay, what is the lag time from someone that is aware of us and then someone that converts and that is all based on the messaging that's further up the funnel. So what that means is that if I'm a plumber and I want to get results on meta, probably not going to get very fast results because people are not going to have leaky pipes all of the sudden out of nowhere. However, we could see preventative care for certain pipes if they are, let's say, galvanized or they're starting to potentially run the risk of leaking or maybe in the winter you might have scenarios where things get cold and things could break. And so, you could maybe have a further up the funnel action that would be geared towards like an inspection, right? a super low AOV just to come out and see if um you're ready for winter per se or um if you think there might be water damage or if you want to inspect a home, whatever the case is, right? That's further up the funnel. So, the lag time from someone that is, you know, the the market that you can get and the lag time is small because there's not as much buyin from the customer, right? They just want to get it checked, give them a fee, good to go kind of thing, no big deal, right? Typically, like an inspection kind of thing. Um, a lot of companies will do this for free and so it's not really a good entry point for like a profitability standpoint. Now, if we look at the later stages in, let's say, a plumber plumbers's funnel per se, it would be something like, hey, I found a leak. Okay, want me to fix the leak? Okay, so that lag time is going to be a little bit longer because there's a little bit more decision-m that needs to be done. And then eventually you get the sale and based on that time lag you can then choose what you want to push to you know speak to those people that are in that that range of um you know having a leak and they want it they want it to be fixed so it doesn't lead into bigger problems. Then you might have another scenario that is an even longer lag time where you have someone that has a leaky pipe and then they end up having a um pipe burst or or leak like completely and all of a sudden they have multiple leaks and it's not just one leak that you can fix really easily. it's in the walls or it's in different stages of the pipe and the problem is going to keep coming back again and again and again. So then maybe you want to repipe your entire house and that's an even longer process because we're not just talking about fixing a leak. We're talking about repiping an entire house. So this is sort of the different ways that you can monetize different audiences based on your business model. Now I'm just giving you like a general plumber let's say that does all three things but this can be applied towards your business for almost anything. Now, you might not have multiple different services that you can offer, and that's totally fine. The goal of this is just to understand what your lag time is from when someone converts or when someone hears about you to then when someone converts. And and that's all based on your sales team, giving quotes, all that kind of stuff, right? We're going from initial interaction to purchase, right? So, how long does it take for someone to go through that? Now, we can shrink different parts of the funnel based on what event we're optimizing for. So what I mean by that is that we we have to look at the time horizon from from you know that first interaction to that that conversion goal that we're setting. Now in the algorithm's eyes, the longer the lag time, let's say outside of the 7-day window for meta, we are going to run into an issue where creative is not necessarily going to be able to optimize itself because it's outside of that 7-day window. Therefore, attribution is not going to work as well. It's going to move a lot slower towards the direction it needs to go. So think of it as a bottom of funnel um event. And these are actually uh switched. So let me well actually I'll I'll get to this in just a moment. So don't don't get confused by these for now. So So anyways, lag time that is longer is typically going to cause issues if you have a bottom ofunnel event. So what do I mean by bottle of funnel event? I mean an event where it's like this is a sale and we're pumping back the actual sale value, right? So it's as far down your pipeline as possible to then count as a conversion. It typically takes longer periods of time for someone to go from a qualified lead to an actual sold lead and then paid for and everything and that's taken care of, right? And so in order for us to feed back information to the algorithm, we can't wait for that cycle if it's past 7 days because we're not really going to be able to give back the creative information to optimize and then grow the account further up the funnel. So what do we do? Well, we say, okay, we can't change the lag time of the service, but we can change the event that we're optimizing for. So you might have a scenario where you know we are saying okay this is the lag time right here and we're saying well if we wait all the way to the end point we have a massive gap in between right if we then say okay instead of optimizing from here to here and go for the bottom event we optimize maybe to here and that shortens the overall gap between when someone sees an ad clicks and then the event triggers. Ideally, you want to figure out what is the best ratio from the actual volume of conversions you're going to get to the actual quality of conversions you're going to get. And so, what I typically see is a scenario where a very very long lag time needs a more top off ofunnel event. So, if we're looking at let's say a six-month lag time, let's just make it really really long, then what that means is that we're going to be looking at it and saying, "Okay, I'm not going to get any data back in six months. What are my benchmarks throughout my pipeline? Okay, it takes you know 10 leads to turn into five qualified leads and then five qualified leads into one sold lead. So let's say okay we have five or 10 leads that leads to one sold lead. So on average we pay X amount for those 10 leads which then we can predict is going to equate to one sold lead. So that's our cost per sold lead even though we might not have sold leads. So let me do this. Um, let me kind of I guess write this out, per se. So, 10 leads. I know it's going to be terrible writing. Actually, let me see if I can make this a little bit better for you guys. So, we have 10 leads and we pay, I don't know, let's say $100 for all 10 leads. So, $10 a lead, let's just say. So, then we pay $100 for 10 leads and we get one sold lead out of that, right? On average based on our pipeline data. And so what this means then is saying, okay, one sold lead equates typically from 10 leads. So I'm paying $100 for a sold lead. And so what that now means is that, okay, I can assume if this ratio is staying the same that if I have 10 leads and I'm paying $100 for it, then I'm going to get one sold lead. Now, if I notice that, hey, I'm now paying $200 for 10 leads. Okay, now my cost per sold lead actually doubled. Even though I don't have the sold lead marked in here, I can predict that based off of how the funnel functions. Pretty simple stuff, but I just wanted to cover that. So, what we do then is we say, okay, let's go further up the funnel and let's benchmark the initial touch point that will then lead to the rest of the funnel based on the average benchmarks. The issue with this, and I'll give you an example of one of these, would be let's say an email opt-in form, right? So you give them an email or a lead magnet and then you send them a lead magnet and we say, "Okay, for every 100 lead magnets, we get 10 leads, right? And then that can kind of give you the benchmarks through the rest of the funnel." The issue that tends to happen though with this is that if you go so far up the funnel, the quality tends to diminish and the overall volume of good data is no longer there. Meaning that the algorithm is going to give you junk leads. So the further up the funnel, the more junk leads you get. The further down the funnel, the better quality leads you get. The issue is the area up here has a lot more volume. The area down here has a lot less volume. So, we have to kind of figure out which area we want to play in first to better address what we can actually teach the algorithm, but then not hurt the quality of our, you know, leads coming through our pipeline. This can be done via different creative, right? So, different offers, meaning that if you have a very freebie offer, you're probably not going to get high quality because people just want freebies. if you have a little bit of buy in, you'll probably have less volume, but you'll have a lot better quality. And so there's different barriers that you can do to sort of give you more, I guess you can say, data. And so you kind of play, you know, pretty creatively through this. Um, an example of this would be, you know, instead of having just a basic lead form, you add more questions to it, which then qualifies the lead further, but then drops the volume. So you can do these kind of in microcasms throughout your pipeline. But when it comes to meta and how meta optimizes, this is your main leverage point when it comes to that along with creative obviously. So for longer lag times, we want a top off ofunnel event typically because we want to make sure that we're further up the funnel. We're not waiting 6 months for data. We're waiting for about 7 days um or less ideally. Um and then as you see as lifetime shrinks, middle of funnel event, that means that our overall quality of data can increase because it doesn't take us as long to go from point A to point B. We can start to optimize for further down the funnel. And then as we go further up, you'll notice then here campaign, you know, one campaign lag time's really short. Now, I could do a bottle of funnel event like an actual qualified lead or an actual sold lead because it's all within that 7-day range. Typically, I see most lead genen accounts in this range up here that are local. Like I said, this type of I guess arc type you can say. And it's typically geared towards um qualified leads. So, leads that maybe have an appointment booked and are actually showing up to the appointment. Sometimes, I know that this could be booked maybe a week out. Um so, that can cause some complications. But if you get on the phone, let's say with someone, and you say, "Hey, do you want to book a call?" "Yes, I do." "Okay, cool. What time?" And then you kind of have that communication with the client from a business perspective, then you can say, "Okay, that's probably a qualified lead." And that would be what you're optimizing for. So, this would be, like I said, something you do for local. And then you would build Andromeda around that, right? So, we would say, "Okay, ideally, we want to push for bottom only events if we can. You want to look for about roughly, let's say, 15 to 30 events per month ideally." um in order to optimize the creative and then creative becomes your big leverage point versus the actual event itself. If you are unable to do that, then your goal is obviously a middle of funnel event and your goal is to try to get this to be as qualified as possible, scaling that up to eventually move it to a bottom funnel event if you can. If you can't, then you're going to have to play the game of just benchmarking like I was talking about earlier. Still focusing on creative but focusing that with the benchmark with the complication of quality data. I'm going to kind of breeze through these pretty fast because we've already kind of covered the main differences between the different stages of lag time. Um, so in SAS, think of it like something like you have maybe a free trial that leads into an actual sold lead or something that might be, you know, initial consulting call would be like, okay, we have a lead and then it leads into a, you know, closed free trial and then it leads into a actual sold lead or they buy a subscription for a year kind of thing. Typically SAS's lag time is a lot lower than that of the other ones, right? So I would say lag time is typically you want to optimize towards bottom bottom of funnel event like a purchase. So SAS is like I said very similar. This arc type um where you can pump in value is typically a lot similar to that of e-commerce. So the previous um structure applies a lot more cleanly. Now keep in mind um that we're still doing this in one creat or one campaign and one ad set, right? We're not doing this in multiple adsets. So, this is it's still the same structure. We're just looking at it a little bit differently. Um, and we might add more events to add on more campaigns to sort of build a funnel through the process, right? That's still possible, but we want to make sure that we're maxing out the furthest bottom of funnel event as possible before we start to go into a middle of funnel event and a top of funnel event. And like I said, we'll start in different areas, but that's the general idea behind it, right? We're we're building the funnel out via the events and the campaigns. So the last one um which is probably the hardest is the B2B or the long sales cycle. Think of like home renovations, things of that nature. Typically the lag time is going to be very long. And so what that means is that we'll probably be starting with a middle of funnel event maybe depending on what we can do further up the funnel action which may be like a lead or some form of interest and then um having the sales team maybe tech check the temperature of those leads to sort of see where they're at, maybe hop on a call with them. um or we increase the um commitment towards filling out a form or maybe designing your backyard or your kitchen, whatever the case is, and then getting a quote for that, right? We want to add in more barriers to further up the funnel to add in more qualifiers, per se. Um and then as we develop this, we can say, okay, top of event, cool, awesome. So that's our acquisition, middle of funnel. We're trying to get the people from this audience to now do this event and then obviously further down the funnel to obviously purchase, right? So, this is literally we're building out a standard funnel inside of Meta. It's just off of events, not audiences. Um, the creative inside of all of these when we get to this point is going to be more geared towards it. It like I said, it depends on what you're actually doing first, but I would say that typically you want to do the offer first versus the hook and the education because we want to see if there's any traffic that's ready to go. Now, this is not going to work the same for each type of client. So, like for plumbers, like I was talking about, you could probably do that. For SAS, you probably can't do that. You probably have to explain more about the product. And then for B2B renovation, you might be able to do that. But it's going to take, like I said, some level of commitment. And if you have a more here, do you want a renovation kind of thing? Here's a free estimate, you know, calculator, whatever you want to call it, you could probably make that work. Um, it's just going to be a longer lag time for an actual conversion. So you have to really understand your business to then better align what logic best applies to your own business with Andromeda, but the structure is very very similar. Um I mean pretty much the same. We just divide out into events a lot earlier when it comes to lead genen versus um that of e-commerce. So if this helped you, comment below, let me know. Um but this is the the general framework that I like to work from for these different types of lead generation brands. And I know there's a lot of different styles. This is just the the general ones um that I want to throw out there for you guys to give you an example of of kind of figuring out where you want to fit. But there's no perfect answer for every single business. Um you have a plumber that might be really good at bottom of funnel event, might have one that's really good at a middle of funnel event or a top ofunnel event. So test all of them, but that's typically this is going to give you the the best chance. Understanding this is going to give you the best chance to then obviously serve your client or your business most accurately when it comes to Andromeda. We don't want to add on audiences. They don't want to add on anything. This old school would want to keep it simple. Re one more time. One campaign, one ad set. Pick your top, middle, or bottom of funnel event. Test that out. See what the problem is. Low volume. Is it the creative? Or is it just the fact that we have a long lag time? And then adjust from there. So anyways, thanks again everyone for watching this video and I will see you guys in the next

  Top Comments:
  1. @raymundbriones3343 [1 likes]: Very helpful video, Thank.
  2. @David.Belley: If I understand correctly, we create 3 differents campaigns, one for each level of lag time ? Then inside each campaign how do we structure ad sets ?
  3. @IShowYouTheWorld: Watching this video seems the worthless time I've ever wasted. Sorry bro.
  4. @theshko: Hi, about plumbing, i'm into it and actually a lot of people wait a few days before calling someone, and in between they probably check tips or explanations on the web so probably they get tracked, and a few days is enough for andromeda to find those people, lag time is generally between 2 and 4-7 days for non dramatical problems but which HAVE to be fixed. What are your thought on this ?
  5. @marketmonster6055: right replacement,inspection,tune up,giveaway is how i look at things but if you are not getting hits for inspections or even giveaways the market is not there at that time....lmk your thoughts on that you go for lowest hanging fruit ...inspections , free tune ups etc... and if thats not there the rest of the market is probally shot at that :time" ...so if the market is shitty i try to figure out everyway i can to get in the door.
  6. @robreichjr: So you’re not running only 1 campaign?
  7. @anikdasdigital: Your videos are amazing. I really like it. I am a new subscriber to your channel. Can I talk with you Caden?

- Copy This Meta Ads Strategy, It'll Blow Up Your Business: Kind: captions Language: en My agency is working on more than 1,200 meta ad accounts right now. We literally have more than 1,200 Facebook ad accounts in our business manager and almost no one on earth has access to that many ad accounts, access to that much testing resource, which has allowed us to test so many different Facebook and Instagram ad strategies. And in this video, I'm going to show you the ad strategy that is consistently producing the best results for us right now. Okay. Okay, so I'm going to start by showing you the recommended campaign structure and then we'll talk about other important elements of this strategy like the creative stuff that is obviously key as well. So let's jump into an example ad account. I'll demonstrate this. I'm going to create a couple of um example campaigns and then label them up so that you know um what we're doing here. So this is what we're doing for most businesses now, right? What we're finding is working best. And like I said, we've really been able to test this. So let's give these a label. So, let's call this one our scaling campaign. And let's call this one our testing campaign. And that's what we're going to use for the vast vast majority of businesses is just the two campaigns. Now, within those campaigns, we're going to have one adset each. Those adsets going to be targeting the same people. It's going to be a mixture of cold and warm audiences, often going to be open targeting or something very close. Now, the reason why we do that is because the way meta ads is structured now, when you're using the suggested audience function, which nearly all advertisers are, um, even if you try and separate out your warm audiences and your cold audiences, meta is going to kind of blend the two anyway. So, you might as well consolidate that into one ad set per campaign and just get all that data in there and allow Meta to uh to optimize properly. If we do have separate ads, that's usually because we're segmenting by location, not by different targeting options like interests or like I said between cold and warm and stuff like that, right? So, why do we have the two campaigns? What it really allows us to do is a lot of creative testing and creative testing in a way that allows us to take advantage of our winners, but also continually test. If you just have the one campaign, which I know a lot of advertisers attempted to do now because they understand from people like me and other people saying that you want to consolidate, you want less campaigns, you want less adsets, you want to put more conversion data within that one element so that Meta can optimize better. But the problem with doing that all the way down to just one campaign is that often you'll have one or two ads that are performing best and you basically can't test because you try and introduce new ads to run alongside the best performers and Meta just goes, "No, no, no. we've got winners. We're going to keep putting budget on those and not put any budget on the new stuff. And therefore, you never really find out what works. You can't test. You can't build a bank of ads that you know can perform well or ready to go. And what happens is that your best performers slowly over time drop off because they fatigue and then you end up in a a bit of a a bad situation where you don't have ads ready to go. You haven't been able to test. You haven't been able to see what works. If we have the scaling campaign, we can therefore benefit from our winners. We can spend money in there, get great results, get lots of sales, get lots of leads, etc. But we also have a separate campaign where we can test new ads. We can force Meta effectively to spend money on that on on the different new creatives. And we may well find that when Meta gives those ads a proper go at it, that some of those perform better even than the ones in our scaling campaign. And then we can look to move them over and run them as part of our scaling campaign and and continually get better results. We know how important testing is. We know how important creative testing is to find ads that might outperform our current ones, but also might give us more longevity because we know our current ones are going to fatigue at some point. Right now, in terms of the budget split between your scaling campaign and your testing campaign, very much depends on the results that you're seeing. If your results are great, you want to spend more money on your scaling campaign. Could be 80% of your overall budget, for example, because you want to take advantage of that winner. But if your results are quite poor, let's say you're unprofitable, well, you don't really want to be spending much at all on your best performers, on your scaling campaign, because what's the point spending a lot of money on ads that aren't working, much better then to dedicate more of your budget to testing, to finding potentially ads that can perform really well. Then you can look to change the split once you do find those winners. Uh, but having more budget in that scenario in the testing campaign allows for more testing, allows for fast testing. You're more likely to find those winners that you could then move over to the scaling campaign. Okay, so that's campaign structure. Like I said, very simple and it's done that way on purpose. Simple, but allows us to do a lot of creative testing, which we'll get to in a second. First, I want to let you know about my mentorship program, which gives you all the support you need to get the best possible Facebook ad and Instagram ad results. And included in my mentorship program are multiple live calls and Q&As's per day. So, you can literally jump on with us and ask us any questions that you've got. Those calls are held by both me and my expert team members. You get unlimited one-to-one chat support, access to exclusive educational materials. If that sounds interesting, there is a link in the video description below. You can click on that, go through to a page on our website, book in a free, no obligation call with one of my team members, and hopefully we get a chance to work together very soon. So, let's move on to the creative part of this strategy that I'm talking about. And I imagine that some of you watching this who have seen my previous videos will now be thinking, "Okay, Ben, yeah, I get it. You're going to tell me that I need to create lots of different ads and they need to be video ads and I need to dedicate my entire life to becoming a video ad creator. and if I do that long enough with enough ad variations, eventually I'll find winners and I'll make loads of money from meta ads and I'll grow my business, etc., etc. That's not actually what I'm going to recommend here at all. You do need lots of ads, but I don't want you to make any ads with this strategy that I'm talking about. I don't want you to make the ads yourself. What I want you to do is hire influencers and creators to make your ads for you. This is potentially the single most undervalued and underutilized tactic in the meta ads world that I really want to get the message out there about because it can help improve your performance so much. We have seen this now with so many different businesses that we work with that when you work with the right influencers and creators, your results can absolutely take off. Why does that happen? Few reasons. Firstly, influencers and creators are normally really good at making content. That's how they became an influencer and creator in the first place. They'll be one of thousands, tens of thousands, hundreds of thousands, maybe millions depending on how big their niche is, right? That's how good they're going to be. Maybe not one, maybe, you know, 10 of a 100,000 people that are making content in that space, the ones that that rise to the top. So, they're really good at making video content. So, you don't have to learn that skill. You don't have to re-engineer your entire life to becoming a video ad creator. You can just benefit from their expertise by hiring them to do it for you. Secondly, if they have a following and that following matches with your target audience and people respect what they say and their recommendation carries weight, the impact of having that person in your video ads is enormous. It is going to stop the scroll. It is going to hold your audience's attention. It is going to convince them to click and much more likely to convince them to convert. I I still think even though I talk about other people talk about it, that it is massively uh underappreciated. I've seen the exact same offer, the exact same product, the exact same business go from a 2x rorowass to a 6x rorowass just because basically the same ad was created, but it was done by an influencer in that space in the first place. It doesn't cost anywhere near as much as a lot of people think. You don't need to work with people that the entire world knows. You can work with niche specific influencers that charge a lot less. And the reason in many cases why they charge less is because they're very much set up for this. Like it doesn't take them very long. when I uh for example, I have sponsors on my content, right? And I do this as an influencer. Obviously, I'm on both sides of the fence here. I'm an advertiser and I'm an influencer. Uh when I create uh when I produce a a sponsor segment, like an integration for for a sponsor, doesn't take me very long. I now to record video, my editors know what they're doing. I know the words to say, I know what resonates with my audience. Like, they can do this relatively quickly and easily. They don't necessarily charge that much uh money for it. And especially if you're going to run it as an ad, here's the added advantage, you are basically giving that influencer or creator extra free exposure. Cuz if you say, I want you to record an ad for me. By the way, I'm going to go and advertise this to a million people over the next 3 months or have, you know, whatever the time frame is and however many people are, that's a good selling point, too, right? That's a good deal for them. They want more exposure. They want more people to see um who they are. Now, I'm not just going to give you that generic advice of just hire influencers. I'm going to get a lot more specific than that and go through the details. Here's what I'd recommend you use. Meta has created a fantastic free tool called the creator marketplace. Now, if I just go ahead and click on all tools and then scroll down here, I can find under engage audience the creator marketplace. Now, not every advertiser has access to this yet, but this is an incredible free resource where you can find creators that have audiences in your space really quickly and easily. You can search using keywords. You can then reach out. You can create campaigns letting creators know exactly what you want from a deliverable standpoint. We will get to that, the tactics around that in a second. And this whole interface, like I said, free to use, is just such an easy way to do what I think has been a hurdle, a stumbling block for a lot of advertisers previously. They've thought, "Oh, how do I even get in touch with these influencers and creators and then maybe they tried sending a few emails and never got a response. They thought, "This is a waste of time. I won't do this." This platform makes it really, really easy. More about this uh in a second. But before I get to that, I want to talk about the deliverables of what I want you to ask the creator and influencer to produce for you. I'll get back to the video in a second, but first I want to let you know about Particle. Particle is a fantastic tool that takes meta ads targeting from good to exceptional by providing the in-depth market intelligence and competitive insights necessary to truly understand and reach the right audience in 2025 and beyond. With Particle, you can track competitor sales, pricing strategies, and product launches down to the skew level, which means you can identify which strategies are working well for your competitors, understand their target audienc's purchasing behavior, and uncover untapped market opportunities for your ads. Particle can also help you find new audiences or market segments by revealing top selling trends or product opportunities. Combine that with Particle's granular skew level data, and you'll be able to make more informed decisions about targeting, creative, and overall campaign strategy. Right now, you can get started with Particle for free. No credit card required. Just click the link in the video description below. Okay. So, here's what I want you to ask the creator or influencer to produce for you when you do reach out to them, when you do potentially create the campaign through um creator marketplace. I want you to get ask them to produce a couple of video ads promoting your product or service. And I'd normally recommend giving the the creator quite a lot of flexibility around how they do that. As again, someone who sits on both sides of the fence as an advertiser and and as a creator. Um, the businesses that I work with where they're really strict on exactly what I can say and how I can promote it, I tend to find those don't do as well as when I have a bit more flexibility around what I include and I can make it sound a bit more like me and a bit more natural and that sort of thing. So, you can of course add in guidelines and stipulations to make sure they don't go crazy and they say certain things, but remember they're good at this. They're good at getting attention. That's how they became a creator influencer in the first place. So, so giving them flexibility is a good thing. and they are incentivized to produce good results for you because they want to keep working with you if you're going to pay them to to produce this stuff. But here's the extra tactic that almost no one does, but it makes your influencer creator budget go so much further and also gives you a much greater chance of success, and that's to ask the creator to record 10 hooks. Okay? Now, a hook, most of my audience will understand, but a hook is going is is the first 3 seconds effectively, more or less, of a video ad. It's the opening scene combined with the opening line or two. And it won't take the creator hardly any extra time to do this. You're basically saying like, look, please uh that, you know, opening line also say these are the opening lines. Could you do that in a few different locations with very different backgrounds? I mean, it's going to take them a few minutes, certainly less than an hour in many uh instances. Quite quick and easy for them to do. they're not going to charge you much more for it. But when you have extra hooks, say 10 hooks, and you compare them with those, say two main ads, two full ads that they created for you, you now have 20 different ads basically for the price of, let's say, for three because they've got to record the full two and then maybe it takes as long to do all the hooks as it would do to create a third ad for you. So basically you're getting 20 ads for the price of three because most influence creators are going to charge kind of based on their time obviously factors in their audience size and and and that sort of thing right so it makes your budget go that much further. Now, the reason why it's 20 different ads, if you had take those first three seconds and you sort of add it to, you know, so you take all 10 hooks and you have 10 hooks with ad one and 10 hooks with ad two, that's 20 different ads because more than 90% of people that see your ad after more than 95% of people see your ad will never make it past those first three seconds. So, by changing that opening line or two and changing that opening scene, the visuals of it to to the vast majority of your audience, that is a completely different ad. They never saw the rest of it. So the fact that that's the same is just doesn't make any difference. And obviously for those small minority that actually did watch more of the ad, well, they're really interested anyway. So you want to advertise for th those people again, you want to have another go at grabbing their attention with a with a new hook to try and get the conversion, assuming they didn't already um convert. And it's something that we're doing more and more of part of our own creative testing when we're making ads, but also more and more with influencers is instead of h it's so much time and effort to create these like long detailed video ads. It's like, you know what, we've got a winner here. Let's just go and record that opening line with a completely different background with a different top on or with a different person or in a different location or uh let's change the opening line slightly and let's see if that performs as well. Because the hook, those first three seconds is by far the most important part of your video. if that's what's going to grab their attention or not, that's what's going to um in many cases determine the success of the ad because if they don't watch based on that and don't find out about the rest, they're not going to take the next steps. So, I really want to emphasize the hooks. It's such a high leverage activity. You could have input here if if the creators sort of a bit like, uh, what do I do? Be like, say that same thing, but just, you know, how your background is normally like this, just go do that somewhere else. do it with a phone selfie style as opposed to in front of your camera or vice versa depending on how you know that creator normally operates. It just needs to look quite different so you get past the what I call the I've seen this before filter when it's put in front of people. Also gives you a much greater chance that it will succeed because perhaps the influencer creates a an ad for you video ad and it just doesn't really land. Well, if you've got 10 different hooks, much more likely that at least one or two of them will land even if like the original one that they created um doesn't, right? So yeah, that is a really important extra wrinkle. You combine that tactic asking the created influencers to do that with using the creator marketplace. So you can easily find people, contact them, you create campaigns, and you've absolutely got a winning strategy that you can then employ, create lots of different ads. You know, we just talked about an easy way to get 20 ads from one creator. You plug that into the campaign structure that we talked about where you have the testing campaign and the scaling campaign. you can see how much testing you can get done quickly and at once. Obviously, in an ideal world, you'd work with multiple creators, multiple influencers, budget permitting. Um, and then you plug that in. The winners, you move over to your scaling campaign. You can see how this whole sort of ecosystem and this strategy works and is working particularly well right now. And I think this is only going to become more powerful as AI produces more and more social media noise, more and more nonsense that we just can ignore, things that aren't necessarily true. People are going to be looking for the signal and the signal is going to be people they trust. It's going to be the creators. It's going to be the influence. They're going to become more important as AI does more and more content creation, not less. I expect this strategy to be more valuable and more of a competitive edge as opposed to the opposite going forward. Now, earlier I briefly touched on the creator marketplace and how important that free tool is um as part of this strategy. By far the best way to go about doing this. Well, I break down the creator marketplace and demonstrate it in detail how to use it, how to create campaigns in this video here. And this really, this video here is very much a continuation of this one in order to get this strategy and use it properly. You need to go through this video. You need to watch the marketplace video. You need to set up your campaigns. Do it the right way so that you can find the right influencers. Get in touch with them. Find the right creators. Use this strategy. Use this campaign structure.

  Top Comments:
  1. @BenHeath [3 likes]: Get personal Meta Ads feedback from me (live) for less than $60 per session:
👉 https://www.skool.com/benheath/about
Let my agency run your Meta ads for you:
👉 https://heathmedia.co.uk/done-for-you/
  2. @Nahid-e9e: I hope you're doing well. I wanted to discuss improving your YouTube video performance through better SEO and more engaging thumbnails.
Optimizing titles, descriptions, and tags can significantly increase your video visibility, while eye-catching thumbnails can boost click-through rates and attract more viewers. Small improvements in these areas can make a big difference in overall channel growth.
If you're open to it, I’d be happy to share specific suggestions or help refine your current videos to maximize reach and engagement.
Let me know what you think!
  3. @user-vk9ff9gr4x: So if you show your ads two times to 100,000 people should that not have a different hook? And for this reason I'm out😂
  4. @crypt0nubie111: Hi Ben, thank you for this video - just a couple questions;

so for the two campaigns: 

testing:
- do we just continuously add different creatives?
- and how long / how much spend typically when testing new creatives

scaling:
- do you just slowly increase budget daily?

Thanks!
  5. @Mayank-ai-DS: Interesting take on the Meta carousel setup—keeps guessing awhile on creative vs copy. I’m running AI‑generated ads for apparel brands so all the model creds and subscription layers are already sorted; the real drain is tackling the creative loop solo. If the grind of making every piece killiosionically better ever feels like a marathon, I’m looking for a partner who lives in that space.
  6. @mosesdwirianto1586: Thank you for sharing Ben!
  7. @TintologyLabs: Once we get enough data to prove the testing creative is good, how do we move it over to scaling? Just with post id?
  8. @SapphireSpiritualityMeditation: AI and Meta is a gang of criminals, hackers, bully and abusers to the humanity. 
They love abusing and bullying kids which is the main key for a healthy generation/ humanity. 

People should stop supporting this tech and its products. 
Wake up people. This company is just a gang of criminals brainwashed people by technology manipulations. 
Is all designed to strategically abuse and manipulate people. Nothing is real. 
The only real thing from meta is an abuse of behaviour, addictions, toxicity, materialism, and increase in mental health issue in society. 

You need to protect your kids and stop them from using FB and instegram. 

All the social media accounts are designed to steal your data and track you down and stop you from freedom. 

Meta is sick in the head and a big abuser to the humanity in every ways. 

Wake up people and stop supporting this company and stop buying their products. 

Now they are abusing your kids to end up criminal and end up in jail to be gathered as an army for metas and the higher authority of jail and control. 

If the government and the law is legit, should abandon all of meta products and shut it down completely. 

Facebook is disgraceful despicable and gross. 
Do you know how many kids are now ending up in killing behaviour physically and in jail because of meta and its products. 
Check court cases. 

Wake up people. 

Meta is: 
Humanity abuser 
Kids abuser 
Reality abuser 
Animals abuser 
Criminal abuser 
Mental health abuser 
Sick in the head 
Psychopath 
Maniac 
Disgraceful 
Despicable product and tech company. 


Meta business suite is another bully and abusive company. 
From the back end, they can stop your ads and campaigns while your ads front of you appearing active and they can restrict your acc to stop you from contacting their support too. 
All to stop you from moving forward, run a business, and yo lose a business. 

So as you see is all a bully, abusive, control maniac, psychopath company designed and build to control people for their own benefit or for another authority benefit. 

Stop believing in whatever they create that is FUN, PARTY, EXCITING, and more… 

Is al big manipulation to be part of their business so they can track you and steal your data.
  9. @8ight8ight07: Lets say you have 20€ budget daily. Would it be better to spend all the money on one ad or should I do 3 ads and let meta decide which ad gets what amount of budget?
  10. @hidde7138: So when you find winners, and copy those to your scaling campaign. Do you turn off the winners in the testing campaign? I heard you don't want to do that, thus repeating the cycle where META does not test anything
  11. @Washwizard2019: I I like you, Ben, but I bet in the 500,000 subscribers you have on this channel more than %70 of them couldn’t afford influencers at $500 a pop or they don’t even have influencers in their demographic area for their service business or local business  even if the video has 10 extra hooks but you seem to be pushing it really hard since Meta put content creator marketplace  on the platform I wonder if there’s any correlation between those two coincidences.
  12. @TrinhLe-r7q: The scaling campaign though, will take your budget and of your say 10 ads to scale, it will prioritise budgeting only 3 or 4 of them, will they not? So effectively, in your method, 6 or 7 'winners' will not get budget, what do you say about that?
  13. @ohyeah7234: Thanks for the information! 
What if you just set minimal budget for a new creative within one campaign, instead of creating whole new campaign for testing?
  14. @gabxonokeke: You should have captioned this "Influencer Marketing" instead.
  15. @adspoc: Ben. I love you. You are my inspiration but it seems i have FAILED you. I cannot crack this code. If you can read this next comment and guide me. How can I get out of this mess. I will forever be in your debt.
  16. @TheSportsRager: This guy is helpful, but talks way too much. Just show us how to set things up correctly, we dont need to know every little detail.
  17. @danielkelly8645: in your testing campaign how do you deal with the situation when say one new test creative takes up 90% off the budget from the 6/7 new test creatives that just went live? That seems to be the biggest issue we are having
  18. @MikencoAgency-ads: Always interesting to see how people structure their Meta ads strategy in practice.
  19. @codyrhinehart8990: i'm curius to something, what percentage of those ad accounts are ecomm vs service?
  20. @stockholmcompany3493: so you use the testing campaign as a CBO and make a new adset when you are going to test a new ad or pack of ads?   thank you :)

- The BEST Facebook Ad Campaign Structure for 2026: Kind: captions Language: en Facebook ads have changed so much over the past 6 to 12 months that have completely changed my recommended Facebook ad campaign structure. Right now, there's a very good chance that you are using an old campaign structure and that it's hurting your results. So, in this video, I'm going to show you my new and updated campaign structure for Facebook ads and Instagram ads. So, one of the biggest changes when we're looking at my new recommended campaign structure in comparison to what we used to recommend is that we now rarely separate out cold and warm audiences. Warm audiences being people that have interacted with your business before. could be website visitors, people on your email list, people who have watched a video of yours on Facebook or Instagram, lots of different types of of warm audiences. And we used to separate those out and we would uh be very specific with the messaging and the budget that we'd allocate to each. And we'd see, okay, we're getting this return on ad spend from our warm audiences versus this return on ad spend from our cold audiences. We rarely do that anymore because of the way that Meta's targeting systems have changed. Um, so just quickly demonstrate what I'm talking about, I'm in an example ad account here. I've created a quick example sales campaign. And if we just jump to the adset level of this, uh, click edit and then go down to the targeting section, we've got controls and we've got suggest an audience being the two main parts of of targeting now. And in the suggestion audience section, if we go ahead and click show settings, we can see custom audiences in here. If I click on this, custom audiences are your warm audiences. Those are the audiences that contain people that have interacted with your business before. So in custom audiences is where you set up things like website, email list, people who follow you on Instagram, etc., etc., Right now, if for example within this ads sets we say I want to target my website visitors. You can come in here and I can it's an example ad account. So I've got all these set up websites visitors 180. Right? You might think okay this adset is now only going to advertise to people that are within that audience that have visited my website in this case within the last 180 days. That is not true. This is within the suggest an audience section. So meta will reach people within this audience. They'll put ads in front of people, but they will also go beyond that to reach other people that Meta believes are going to, in this case, generate a sale because that's what this campaign is set up for. Basically, Meta is going to go beyond your targeting criteria um so that they can help you achieve the objective you've told Meta that you want. Now, because the the custom audience, the warm audience part is within this suggested audience section, if we tried to have say a warm audience adset and a cold audience ads set or a warm audience campaign and a cold audience campaign, there's going to be an enormous amount of overlap because within the cold audience, Meta is going to target your warm audience anyway. Within the warm cold audience anyway. Um, so it seems silly to have the two separate options when we're effectively targeting the same people when we could just consolidate that and benefit from it. I'll talk more about consolidation later on. And you can run experiments to see just how strong the impact of this change is in comparison to what we used to see. What you want to do is you want to go into your advertising settings which I've done here just got up on on another tab. If you just go ahead all tools you'll see advertising settings or you can get it from all tools and then once you come in here you go into audience segments and then what you want to do is make sure that you've got your engaged audience and your existing customers defined. to basically create those custom audiences and then say this is engaged audience, this is existing customers. And you do that within here. And you can see we've got a drop down. You can add in your your custom audiences to uh to both of these. And that basically lets Meta know okay these are people that are customers. These are people that are engaged audience that haven't yet uh made a purchase, haven't become become a customer. And then when you run your ad campaigns, you can see the breakdown of new audience, engaged audience and existing customers of where Meta is spending the money, your budget split, your frequency, etc., etc. Right? In fact, let me quickly show you what this looks like. Right? So, if we look at this ad set here, we can see the breakdown um in results. In this case, website purchase. Of the 93, we can see that nine came from engaged audience, 59 from existing customers. So, this is retargeting heavy. uh 20 from new audience and then we've got a few uncatategorized and unknown but that's not surprising because uh data is you rarely able to track with 100% accuracy. Um and what you will see that's that's really interesting and you run this experiment is that if you set up an adset to target warm audiences so you add in your custom audiences website visitors email list etc etc and then you run that alongside another adset that is set up to target cold audiences. If you look at the data between those two adsets, the split between the conversions and the impressions that come from engaged, existing, and new is often very consistent. As in, with the one adset that's set up for cold audiences, you get the same split as with the other adset set up for warm audiences. In other words, Meta's kind of not paying much attention to the fact that you are trying to advertise cold audience in this adset and warm audience in adset. They're just trying to go out and get you results. They're using your inputs and suggestions and doing their own thing. And that makes it silly to have separate adsets or separate campaigns for cold and warm audiences where Meta is going to target a mixture of the two anyway. Right? So, that's one of the big changes that we're now making is that there are still some rare circumstances where we will separate them out if we really want to change the messaging between different stages of a salesunnel, for example. But that's rare. By default, we're absolutely going to combine both cold and warm audiences into the same campaign and the same adset. So, the next thing we're trying to do with the new campaign structure is consolidate as much as possible. And that applies to both campaigns and adsets. We're going to try and run as few campaigns and as few adsets as possible. Often just using the one campaign and the one adset. I'll explain later on when we do and don't want to uh to do that. Why are we doing that? Well, it's best to combine the data into as few elements as possible. Let's say you generate 70 conversions in a week. Instead of having that spread across 10 different adsets, so seven conversions roughly per adset per week, Meta is going to struggle to optimize those adsets. Going to struggle to get out of the learning phase. Whereas, if that's in one adset, you're generating 70 conversions per week in that one adset. Meta is able to fully optimize. They're able to work out the best time of day to advertise, what ad impression frequency is required, advertise to this person instead of this person, use this ad instead of this ad. all the various points that Meta's system optimizes to get us more of what we want, more sales, more leads, whatever it is we've set up our campaign to optimize for, Meta can do that better with more conversion data. So much better to have that consolidated data into the one campaign, one adset as opposed to spread across lots of different elements that will struggle uh to optimize. Second reason why we want to consolidate is because we want to avoid auction overlap. Now, there's some misconceptions around overlap. A lot of people think I'm talking about audience overlap. When I say auction overlap, I'm not audience overlap would be you've got two different campaigns, two different adsets, and they're targeting a lot of the same audience. Now, that's not ideal, but the whole idea of that's going to increase the cost because you're bidding against yourself is a bit silly. There are thousands of advertisers trying to reach the same people. One extra campaign ad setting that not going to make much difference. But you can run into issues with auction overlap, which is a different thing. Meta systems are now very sophisticated at working out what ad impression frequency is required to get the outcome that you want. So Meta might work out, you know what, we're better off at generating four or five ad impressions for a single individual over a 24 48 hour time period as opposed to spreading out those ad impressions over a week. Well, Meta could plan that really well if it's just got the one campaign, one adset targeting a person, a group of people obviously, but we're talking about one individual user in this case, but targeting um a group of people. If you've got some ad impressions coming from one adset, some ad impressions coming from another adset or different campaigns, much more difficult for Meta to work out that delivery system of right, let's put an ad in front of this person four times over the next 48 hours. Much more difficult for them to be able to uh to do that. So, that's that's the issue that comes up with auction overlap. and you want to take advantage of what Meta's delivery system um is able to do. Okay. So, the next thing we've changed is that we very rarely now test different audiences at the adset or even the campaign level. And that has a lot to do with what we described previously when we're talking about separating out cold and warm audiences. For the same reason that we don't separate those out, meta is kind of going to ignore a lot of your suggestions. They're going to do their own thing when it comes to targeting anyway. is why we won't test different interest targeting options in different adsets or interest targeting versus lookalike versus open targeting. We used to do a lot of that sort of stuff. We don't do that anymore because all of that falls within the suggested audience section unless it's going to do its own thing. There is an exception and that's location-based targeting. We will often test different locations. Now, this would going to depend on the business. Um, so it might be that a business just advertises in one country, that's who they can serve and we're happy just to advertise to the entire country. We're not going to bother testing that. But if we have a business that's international and they want to be able to test between different markets, okay, we want to see how our campaigns perform in the US versus the UK versus Australia, etc., we'll have different campaigns for those. Or if it's a lo local b locally based business that has multiple locations. So, if it's a gym franchise, for example, you might want to test, right, we're going to advertise in this city versus this city versus this city for that that individual unit uh in the local area, people might be interested, and we're going to separate out performance. Now, it's not a coincidence, if I jump back into my example ad account, jump to the adset level, go back into targeting. It's not a coincidence that we will test different um targeting options when it comes to a location basis across different adsets, maybe different campaigns and the location targeting falls within the control section. Like that is not a coincidence. Basically, we are able to do that testing accurately on a location basis whereas we aren't with say different interests or interests versus lookalikes and stuff like that because the control section within targeting here those are hard boundaries. So, we're saying, look, in this adset, just advertise to this local area. In this adset, just advertise to this local area or doing so on a country level or a state level. Um, Meta is going to, for the most part, only advertise to people within that that location. They're not going to treat that as a suggestion and go beyond it where they think it'll help you get um your desired outcome. So, we will do it for location, very rarely for this other stuff, even though we used to do a lot of that. Another reason why we're able to consolidate and use fewer campaigns, fewer adsets, is because Meta can now handle a lot more ads within an adset. So, they used to have a recommendation of don't have five or six ads live in an adset at any one time. Uh the system was less sophisticated before and it would struggle to be able to test those properly and put them in front of people and work out how to do it. It was basically too many variables for the system. That has now changed with Andromeda. with some other updates. Meta is able to handle a lot more ad creative and different ads within um an adset. So the recommendation typically is 20 plus and we will often run adsets with 20 plus. So very different to how we used to have we used to have lots of different campaigns, lots of different adsets and limited number of ads within each adset. Now much fewer campaigns, much fewer adsets, often one campaign, one adset, but then a ton of ads within um that one adset set. In fact, Meta not only says they can handle that, but it's recommended because Meta now wants much more creative diversity. So, they want different ads within an ad set, they have different types of creative, different formats. You have a mixture of images and video, different video styles. You might have some UGC, you might have um some founder, some demonstration videos, some customer testimonial videos. And Meta is going to they want that so that they can test to see which works best. But they also are now able to personalize ad delivery a lot more. say we're to work out, you know, for this person, they seem to really respond to UGC style ads, so we're going to put more of those in front of them. This person seems to respond to product demonstration style ads. We're going to put the more of those in front of them. If they have the different ads and the different types of creative within the one ad set, Meta can start to do a better job of personalizing ad delivery and working out that it's not a one-sizefits-all. There are different people within your target audience and different people respond um to different um creative. So that's one of the big big shifts that have come from the change in the platform, the updated campaign structure is a lot more ads within an adset. I don't worry about an upper limit anymore. The constraining factor is usually how many good quality ads can be created. What are the resources available? And we will run those and look to introduce new ones over time as we test and learn from the data that we see. Within the new campaign structure, we've also changed how we test different ad copy variations. So, we used to have separate ads for different headlines would be one of the things that we test or different primary text. We're not going to have separate ads for those anymore. Instead, we're going to take advantage of the variation option. So, if I jump into the ad level and then scroll down to where we set up our ad copy, we can see that if we click into primary text, you can see we have one of five. So we can have up to five different primary text variations within this one ad. We can do the same for headlines. Click in there, you see one of five. And do the same for descriptions. So really, you want to think of separate ads as testing different ad creative or maybe not even just testing, but being able to have that different creative diversity. So have different types of ads like I just described. Uh when it comes to testing, I wonder which headline works best for this offer or this ad. You want to do that within the ad, not have separate ads for that. um and do so using these primary text headline description variations. This is a much cleaner, neater way to do your ad copy testing, which is still something that you want to do. Um as opposed to needing to have an enormous amount of ads cuz if you've got all this different ad creative and then let's say for each ad creative you needed three or four different ads to test different headline variations, you very quickly get into just silly numbers of ads and too difficult for you as the advertiser to be able to to monitor that and keep up with it. much better to do it within these text variations and have that copy testing done within an ad unit as opposed to separate ads. Hyro is the best tracking and attribution software for meta ads. It's a software all the big players in this industry use, including myself. I use it to track results for my own ads as well as all my organic results as well. So, if someone books a call for our done for you services, for example, I can see exactly where that person came from with a lot of accuracy. That allows me to make better decisions for my marketing and my business. Hyro has been able to track that from our ad spend in this campaign, we've generated £96,000, but £58,000 of that was not reported by Meta. So if I was just looking at my data within my meta ad account, I might come to the conclusion that this campaign is doing okay, but in reality, this campaign is doing a lot lot better. Now, this is a relatively extreme example because of the nature of our business. So most of our products, services have recurring billing elements. Meta might be able to see what we make initially from our ad spend on that initial transaction, but not those subsequent payments. That's why it it shows the importance here of being able to accurately see what we actually get from our ad spend in order to be able to make better decisions and optimize correctly. So, if you want to improve the performance of your ad campaigns without having to touch your ads, go ahead and sign up to Hyros. There is a link in the video description. One of the things we used to do with our old Facebook ad campaign structure, and I still see this come up when I take a look at at people's ad accounts often is to have uh different campaigns for different stages of the salesunnel. So, you might have had a top offunnel campaign, a middle ofunnel campaign, and a bottom of campaign. And different stages would have different ads. So, in the top of funnel, you might have uh like a founder story video that explains why the company was great in the first place. Middle of funnel might be more product demonstration. And then the bottom funnel might be a customer testimonial trying to get you to convert and people would go through the sequence. Now, we don't do that because of what we've already described in terms of meta targeting and a lot of it being suggestions and they're kind of going to show different ads to different people anyway. So, it's not as easy to neatly move people um through the system anymore. But that doesn't mean that we've completely thrown away the top of funnel, middle of funnel, bottom of funnel ideas because the logic is still there from a marketing standpoint of often you need to introduce people to an idea, but they won't be ready to convert straight away. You then need to warm them up with evidence of why it's great, why they should buy it, and then they have the extra call to action based ads and the and the customer testimonials and things that are going to really help them take action now, right? That still applies because that's something that warms up people. If you think about your relationship with another person, you start off not knowing them very well and it takes time and many interactions to get to the point where they become a really good friend or something for example. Okay. So we can still do that but we can actually do that within the one campaign and one ad set now. So we will create ads. I just mentioned we might have 20 plus ads in an ad set. We will create some ads thinking these are more likely to be top ofunnel ads. We will create some that more like to be middle of funnel and then some that are going to be bottom of funnel. So just like I talked about, you're kind of two birds, one stone situation here, right? You're adding a lot of creative diversity by doing this, but you're also allowing for that journey to take place because you could have those ads that are founderled, storybased, why we created the company in the first place. You could have those ads that are product demonstration. You could have those ads that are uh customer testimonial. Now there's variations on those depending on your business. Like I've used a product ecom example there, but you can absolutely find examples of that um for info or lead genen. There there are variations on a theme and meta is now sophisticated enough to work that out. So they will add sequence for you automatically. They will use some ads initially put in front of people first off then other ads in more of a retargeting capacity. And the way you can see if this is happening within your ad account because it happens in some ad accounts more than others. The ad accounts where this happens more are ones where the ask is larger. So if you're selling something that has a higher price point or you're selling a service that's more involved, people need more steps to get to the point where they're willing to inquire, buy, etc. If you're selling an inexpensive e-commerce product, it's going to be much more just directly buy it if you're interested. If not, fine. But what you'll often see in those businesses that that see this automatic ad sequencing taking place within the one ad set is that some ads will consistently have money spent on them, but they don't have many conversions. Looks like their cost per lead or cost per sale isn't very good. And you think, why is Meta doing this? It's because they're using that in a top offunnel capacity and then using other ads to retarget and get the conversion because you might have money being spent on that one. You look at the other ads, you're thinking, but this other ad is performing really well on a return on ad spend basis, cost per lead basis, etc. But why is it matter spending more money on that? Now, you don't want to make the mistake of turning off the ad that is being used in a topunnel capacity because then your other ad performance will massively worsen because it isn't benefiting from that other ad being used in a topunnel capacity. So, we still use that process, but instead of doing it in different campaigns, different adsets, we're going to consolidate that into one adset. And Meta is smart enough to sequence those ads and uh and work it out. So, I've talked a lot about consolidating less. When do we actually have separate campaigns, separate adsets? I've talked about the location example. Here's another example. By default, I like to use one campaign per product or service range. So, we're not going to have a different campaign for red hats versus blue hats. We are going to have a different campaign for hats versus shoes because those campaigns we want to optimize differently. We want meta to treat them as as we might need to target slightly different people. We might need to advertise them in a different way. People might need more convincing to buy shoes than a hat. So, we need more ad impression. We want them to learn under different conditions and then and then optimize um accordingly. An exception to that would be a general dynamic catalog campaign. Um where if you run those typically with a relatively small budget, then Meta is going to spend the majority or all of that budget on retargeting depending on the size of your of your warm audiences. And I'm perfectly happy to that span your product and service ranges and just you know this is more like to be used in a product capacity as opposed to service based businesses. But you know put the thing that someone's most like to be interested or has just had a look at in front of them even if we are crossing between shoes and hats and belts and whatever it is that you know you might be selling in this example. So happy for that to be businesswide but otherwise we're going to to be more specific and have different product ranges. So not variations but different product ranges or different services. um in different campaigns that we're going to separate out that way. It also gives you a lot of nice control as an advertiser to be like, "All right, we're out of stock on this. Turn this off." Or, "We're at capacity for this service. Turn this off." So, if we look at our business, for example, we offer both done for you meta ad services. We create manage optimizer campaigns for you. And we have done with you program, which my mentorship program, where you still manage your own ads, but we coach and very hands-on in terms of making recommendations. You can ask us questions and all that sort of stuff. So, those are separate offers. We would have those in separate campaigns. We want them to optimize differently. The target market is typically a bit different. Uh the the big spenders are typically going to be on the done for you services, the larger businesses. Others are going to be with the with the mentorship program. So we want Meta to optimize accordingly. And then also like I said, we have flexibility in terms of capacity. So we could oh we're absolutely capacity. We're done for you. Let's turn that off for a little while. Um and we'll start that up again once we uh once we're ready. By the way, if you're interested in either of those, want us to run your ad campaigns for you or want us to teach you how to run better ad campaigns, get better results, um, links in the description for both. There are also times where you might need a different campaign structure to what I've recommended. So, the things I've been through here and what I've recommended would be the default. That's going to apply to most businesses, but there are times where you might want to do something differently. For example, my omnipresent content campaign strategy requires a very different structure. You can't have the one adset. You need multiple adsets. So, if you're not familiar with that, I've got videos on my channel in case you want to check it out. It's typically a strategy that works really well for businesses with a very um involved purchasing decision for your customer. So, think high ticket service, for example. Something that people really going to have to think about, need a lot of convincing. You need a different campaign structure. If you're selling a $10,000, $20,000 service, for example, right? So, in that instance, you're going to want to go away from this default. When you go away from this default that I've uh talked about in this video, meta is also going to pop up with lots of warnings. It's fine to ignore those, but just do it very intentionally. Know why you're doing it as opposed to just I'm going to do this because I heard 3 years ago this is how you're supposed to do it or such and such said this would work and know why you're doing it. Follow a specific strategy like omniresent content and understand the process and therefore you're fine to ignore warnings. Remember that warnings that pop up in your ad account saying change this to improve performance. they are done with like the masses in mind and what's best on average and they're right. It might not be right for your um specific scenario. Testing is the other big example where we might deviate from this. So a lot of ad accounts run into the issue when they just have the one campaign, one ad set where they really struggle to test new ad creative. So they find that okay, I've got my ads in there, meta spending on one or two ads. I try and introduce new ads. I've been told I need creative diversity. I'm spending all this time producing new ads. I put them in there and just nothing happens. Met doesn't spend any money on them. They just spend money on my previous best performers, but those are slowly fatiguing and performance is dropping. What do I do? That's where we will entertain a different campaign structure. In fact, I go through how I'd recommend you test and the various options to overcome that problem, allow you to test new ad creative, which is super super important in this video here. So, I'd strongly recommend checking that out next. Often we will still use this campaign structure and test within it, but there are scenarios where we will deviate from that. Anyway, I cover it all in this video.

  Top Comments:
  1. @BenHeath [4 likes]: Get personal Meta Ads feedback from me (live) for less than $60 per session:
👉 https://www.skool.com/benheath/about
Let my agency run your Meta ads for you:
👉 https://heathmedia.co.uk/done-for-you/
  2. @SalesRemedyUK [2 likes]: My campaigns' ROAS is through the roof thanks to this man.
  3. @writedirect [1 likes]: 3 videos in and blown away by this instruction. Ben is intelligent, pleasant, to the point and has made navigating Facebook Ads as a beginner a possibility. Definitely see using his paid services as we grow and things become more complicated. Can't say thank you enough.
  4. @AshleyRoyalty-x6u [1 likes]: Does budget influence how many ads you are running in an ad set though? I get 20+ is great, but if you only have a $50 budget per day @ $4 CPL, how many ads is fair without spending the money too much.
  5. @marvinwilliams7938: You say 1 ad set with many ads is better. If you add new ads into an ad set it causes a significant edit. What do you say to this concern?
  6. @v.verozina: do we still go for sales and scaling campaigns ??
  7. @chukwudumofoegbu: Great video Ben, how about you make a new video on omnipresent campaign and how to run it successfully with all the new changes that has taken place since you last made a video about it? That will really be very helpful to us. Thank you.
  8. @DarrioSinclair: Using different headlines is good once you know what works, the only way to clean clear data is to run headlines and copy separate with same creative, then do this repeatedly reskinning the best versions and then throwing them into one ad. But it’s more work
  9. @Benjamainma: Hey ben and all, love the content! I just had a very strange 'anomaly' and I’d love to get your take on it.

Last week, my Business Manager crashed and all my Pixels became 'unavailable' mid-run. I had two 'Sales' objective campaigns that suddenly had to run with ZERO pixel data feedback for about 8 hours. Paradoxically, my sales tripled (x3) during that window compared to my usual performance.

It felt like the algorithm was 'unshackled' from the pixel's constraints and went full Broad, hitting cheaper CPMs that actually converted. How do you explain this? Is this a known phenomenon where the creative is so strong that the pixel's 'optimization' was actually acting as a bottleneck?

Also, do you think this can be replicated intentionally via 'Traffic' campaigns or Sales campaigns without a pixel, or was it just a 'lucky' glitch in the auction? Thanks all!
  10. @innocentgaurav82: If I add so many ads at the ad level, will it not take ages to come out of the learning phase ?
  11. @SundaramFashions-r6s: Hey ,

Thank you for making a video about it. 
I have a query , We have a kids wear brand . 
We make different categories, like casual wear, party wear, sleepwear. So Shall we make ads for different category under same ad set or shall we make separate campaigns for separate categories. As we have received both inputs from different experts.
Kindly suggest .
  12. @FullbrightBusk: :face-green-smiling::face-orange-frowning:
  13. @bolinzhaio: However, I have a question: if an ad group has a large number of creatives, but the meta tags allocate most of the budget to the one or two best ones, what if the remaining creatives are also high-quality? Isn't that a waste?
  14. @RafaelBelor: if i have the same offer but different avatar, would you still do it in the same adset? for example, i have some ads targeted at busy professionals and some ads targeted at retired high income avatars. not sure if two adsets are the way to go. i feel like having more adsets gives me more control. what would you suggest? i‘m starting with very low budgets but want to scale quickly when i find a funnel that works
  15. @RafaelBelor: it‘s possible to further limit the reach of the targeting, so the retargeting is ONLY engaged customers, and engaged customers can be excluded in the cold audience campaign. what would you recommend for small and big budgets?
  16. @Camila-b4c4d: Thank you for the video Ben, it's really helpful! I have a question about segmenting audiences: would it be possible to keep the cold and warm audiences separated if you exclude the people who interacted with your brand, since it is an option available in the controls area and not the suggestion area?
  17. @tornikephkhovelishvili7344: Great video Ben! I have a question regarding the ''Flexible'' mode. I ran the 5 different creatives with Flexible, but I can not see the result per creative to see which one is performing best, I only see the sum results. How can I deal with it? 

Thanks in advance!
  18. @FiguMat: Do you recommend separate campaigns for different languages? Like an English and Spanish campaign, or should the Ad Set just have every creative regardless of language?
  19. @tomerp6116: What do you recommend for a brand new meta ads account with 0 data as first Campaign? 
My app has already a lot of downloads but haven’t really used any Campaigns so my account have 0 data.
  20. @EvelyneManon: French😢

- What's Working Now with Meta Ads & How to Prepare For The Future of Direct Response Advertising: Kind: captions Language: en What's up, y'all? How are you feeling? Nick just open-looped me in true marketing fashion. Sat there with my butterflies. Austin, Texas, baby. Y'all have fun last night? I got to live in Austin back in my 20s and I think I have a little PTSD. I think I'm still hungover from that and it's been almost 10 years, so >> [laughter] >> bless us. Y'all having fun? Lots of men here. Where are my ladies? Woo! Okay, we've got some ladies. Sorry, Nick. I love you. I think we attract the ladies at Smart Marketer. You attract the bros. I'm try- I'm not trying to. >> I do my best. >> I'm saying it's just who you are. Even worse. >> a knock. Um all right, y'all. You ready? Cool, let's do it. So, I've got a little mix of a presentation here, which is going to be fun. About 70% of this is Meta Ads. Who's struggling a little bit in the past month or two with Meta? Sure y'all talked about that. Nobody? Just three of you? Holy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] All right, I'll I'll get down from here. Uh you should run my agency. >> Uh and then at the end we're going to talk about AEO, which is a new service that we just started offering at Smart Marketer. We've got a team of 12 badass AEO specialists out there doing it every day, figuring out how to rank in these LLMs. So, I'll close out with a little bit of info on that. What's up, dude? Good to see you guys. Uh but I'm Molly. Most importantly, this is Larry. Actually adopted Larry here in Austin from Austin Pets Alive. Has anyone ever been to that shelter? Y'all, it is the coolest dog shelter that has ever existed. Matthew McConaughey is their spokesperson. You should go visit. Larry looks much older than this now. He's jealous that I'm in Texas, but I took him to one of our Smart Marketer events a few years and he bit someone. So, Larry has retired from marketing events. Uh John, my business partner, told me our insurance was not good enough to bring Larry to events anymore. So, um it's really cool. This is very full circle for me. I actually grew up in Kentucky, small town, moved to Austin, Texas back in 2012, didn't own a laptop, had no idea what the hell I wanted to do with my life. I found an ad on Craigslist. That sounds creepier now than it was then. Uh for a marketing internship with Ryan Deiss and Digital Marketer. I took that internship, ended up with a full-time position, totally changed my life. That's what really got me into this space. Now, I own a company called Smart Marketer with Ezra Firestone. I see his face here. He is not here, but he would like that. John in the back uh and our Dutch friend Pep. Um but yeah, I never meant to get into this, which is wild. Uh actually thought I would be in the alcohol industry, but that is a story for another time. Uh I also run a dog rescue. So, I lived in Austin, moved to Colorado, moved to Amsterdam, moved back to Kentucky, uh and I have a dog rescue now called Fields of Freedom. If you ever want to talk nonprofits, it is the most fulfilling thing I've ever done in my life. All of you are sitting here because you have business skill sets, you have marketing skill sets. Those can be used for other reasons than making money. How about that? >> Uh and it will give you an energy source and a level of fulfillment that you cannot get from a for-profit business. So, if you take nothing away from this, think about a problem that you want to solve in the world and use the amazing skill sets that got you here to solve that problem. So, we save hundreds of dogs every year from euthanasia at local shelters. I have a farm where they stay. It is really wild. It is a whole other part of my life. If you're interested, I'll be around all day if you want to talk about it. Um I also own a restaurant. Anyone in here have a local business? One person, two people. Don't miss out on local, especially in this AI world. That's never going away. So, local business is what is up. And then just a few more things about Smart Marketer. We have a few pieces to our business. One is an agency. We also own over 15 of our own businesses, e-com, local, SaaS. So, if you're doing it, we probably have some sort of experience in that business type. And then we take all of that information. We have events. We provide services for people. Um so, it's a really really fun thing that we do. Uh and we have over 60 amazing marketers on our team. So, if you ever want to talk about leadership, hiring, that's where I spend a lot of my day-to-day. Sound good? All right. So, before we dive into the information, if you've ever learned from myself or Ezra before, you have heard this, but this is the secret sauce to business that most people are missing. Uh this is the mantra of our company. This is the mantra of the um living experiment that Ezra grew up on in California. And this is how we operate every single day. This is how we hire. This is how we do marketing. And it's really simple. Serve the world unselfishly and profit. And essentially that means if you are of service to a group of people, if you wake up every day, and that is what you think about, right? That is the place in which you are coming from when you go about your day-to-day work, you will profit. It will work out for you. And unfortunately, most people have that switched. It's all about the money. This becomes unfulfilling. They have no longevity in this industry, which you have to have. Um and then things don't work out the way that you want. So, remember this always. Also, uh my dad died last year unexpectedly. I was with him the night before. We had a big time. He went home dead in his garage. And if you knew him, this was perfectly him. It was like the best way for him to die. And this has totally changed my life and the way I think about what we do. And business is important. This stuff is also very addicting. You can spend your whole life in front of that screen. And just remember there's so much more to life. And there will be a last moment that you have with every single person that you know. Think about the people that you love right now. You will have a last moment with them. And you might not know that it's coming. Or you might know that it's coming. And send to yourself in that every morning and remind yourself of what's important. So, we laughed, we cried. You all ready to talk about marketing stuff? >> Let's do it. Okay. So, the best way that I can sum up where we're going in this industry, there's really only one way to lose. When we're looking at Meta, we're looking at where things are going with AI, and the only way to lose is to not be of service to a group of people. So, the people that are sitting in this room that are selling a product or service, and that's the only way in which you think of it, right? I sell this thing. I sell this widget. If you do not shift that mindset, if you do not shift that strategy, you will not be in business in 5 years. Your thought process should be I service this group of people and I sell them this widget, and those widgets will change over time, but I am at a service to this group of people, and that is really the uh foundation of this entire presentation. So, let's first dive into Meta advertising. So, again, who is kind of struggling right now? Who has seen a down flip? Okay, a little bit more hands. Yeah, there have been lots of changes. I've been running Meta ads for 14 years now, and the last year has probably been the most interesting that I've seen of my career, but for me, the most exciting. And everybody wants to talk about Andromeda. Oh my god, this is about campaign structure. This is about the new way of doing things, right? Squishing everything into one or two campaigns versus the old way of doing things with hundreds of ad sets and everything segmented. I'm not going to talk about that today. That's what everyone's talking about, and when we research this, we look at our businesses, we look at our ad accounts, we're still about half and half, and it's interesting. Some accounts are using both structures, which sounds contradictory, but it's true. Some of our accounts are really working in a consolidated approach for a few months, and then we need to switch to a more segmented approach. Not going to go too deep here, but I just want to present the idea that everything that you see on Twitter is not always true. >> Uh and everything that Meta says is not always true, and just consolidating your campaign structure is not going to fix your business. And when we look at the idea of Andromeda, this was really just a simple yet complicated change that Meta made and everyone panic. So John and I the last 12 years when something changes in the industry, give it to me. Panic. That's what everybody does. They spend their time panicking instead of actually solving the problem and it's like, okay guys, this is just an upgraded system. This is not that big of a deal. There's so much more at play here which most know and are way nerdier at this than I am. You got Jim, you got Lattice, you've got sequence learning, all of this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that Meta's doing. But really what changed with Andromeda was the way in which Meta is showing ads to users. Back to that whole thing about having a market or multiple markets of people in which you are servicing with your business, right? When we think about the real changes, it was less in the way that we think around campaign structure, way more in the way that filter or ads are filtered and then served to groups of people. So what does this mean? What do we do about it? One of the biggest changes as most of you know is that Meta is really learning leaning into context, right? Meaning, how can we extract as much information from the assets in which the advertisers are submitting to figure out who the hell to show ads to? Everyone's talking about creative diversification. Yes, that matters but it's mostly misunderstood. You have to think about the way Meta's doing this in terms of clusters. I don't know why I really like that word. I'm like, yeah, clusters. [gasps] >> So an example of this would be a topic which is very obvious. This is like the most obvious way in which most people understand this. I'm selling skin care, I'm selling a tool or offer type. I was just talking to the guys at Groove. Where where are you all? All the way from Tennessee, somewhere here. They said, "Oh, a big change we made last year was eliminating discounts, and that really helped us with our paid ads." And it's like, yeah, you were able to get out of that cluster of people that meta know wants discounts. Just by changing your offer structure, you have now completely changed your advertising strategy. Obviously, creative style, and this is what everyone's so hung up on. We have to have diversification, so we're going to change the style, but that's just one small piece of this. Um and then, of course, you have to factor in the audience and all of the signals in which meta is getting from humans, which Think about how many times most of us log on to meta every single day. Think about I mean, they have millions of data points on each of us. Almost everything we're doing on the web right now, meta knows, right? What we're buying, of course, what we're reading, how long we're reading, how long we're watching. But the most overlooked part of this that our industry is missing is what they're calling daily context. The idea that they know that I like dogs, that's very obvious. My whole newsfeed is dogs all day, every day, which I'm cool with, and some other marketing things. Yes, they're looking at what we're interested in, what we're buying, but they're also looking at the context of our life. They know this is not true, but Molly is on the subway every day from 5:00 to 5:32, and because she is sitting and she is in a long session on her phone, she is more likely to consume a longer sales page than she is in the morning, right? When she's quick and when she's on and off the app. That is just one simple example of context, but we as advertisers, we're always looking for the winner, right? What works best? We're not necessarily thinking about building assets that meet different parts of people's daily life, the different scenarios that they might be in that would change whether they're served an ad just because of the context of why they're on the app or the desktop. Does that make sense to you guys? This is huge. This is a big change over the last year. This daily context used to not really be factored into what was going on. It's a huge part of the game moving forward. So Meta might look at you and what's your name? Jacob. So Jacob, you might currently be behaving like someone who engages with cluster 847 UGC fitness discount ads. It's a simple example. And add-on that they know that at this time of day you're usually only on the app for a certain amount of time, so they're going to show you an offer page that's a bit shorter or easier to navigate than what they would if they knew you were going to be on for longer. It's a really, really fascinating. So as you all know, this is all about strong inputs. This is what we have left, right? This is no longer 2012. Unfortunately, uh we can't control everything on the platform. So what do we do? We focus on our inputs as most of you know. Um so while everyone's in Andromeda land focused on campaign structure, we're going back to the basics. Creative, copy, offer. This is really all we have left. That sounds negative. We get to have these things. Let's re- reposition that. Uh but changing your campaign structure isn't going to fix your business overnight, right? You might consolidate, see good results for a few months. That is not sustainable. Okay, it's not going to fix anything. Quit quit obsessing over that. It's definitely not going to fix bad marketing, which you all are in this room, so you are not bad marketers. Um so, our success is the ability to produce assets that are not only strong from a marketing perspective, but fit this new world of the data that Meta is looking at for all of us. So, if you didn't know, this is a really fascinating part of this, and a part of these updates is the way that Meta is reading, or think about it, ingesting it, like it's eating it, it's ingesting it, it's learning has gotten so much stronger the last year, especially in these three different areas. So, the ability to ingest an image or a video and turn that into written word, to understand what that thing means. Of course, text has always been easy for them to ingest, but that's something that's gotten a lot stronger. And then audio and speech, which has been a huge improvement. The ability to take a 5-minute UGC video, and not just look at it from "It's a woman, she's on a farm", but she has a country accent, she's talking really fast, so we think she has urgency. She mentioned her age. Actually looking at the pacing and the tone of the delivery to figure out who they should show this ad to. It's really fascinating, super exciting, and Meta doesn't need us to tell them if an ad is emotional now, or is it educational, is it motivation? They know, right? They are using these new tools that they have strengthened to understand this. So, we won't have to get too nerdy. If you are a nerd like me and you want to go study this later, it's really about these three different areas now. So, we have vision that we talked about. So, this is turning the raw pixels into descriptive words that Meta can use, right? The colors, objects, motion. So, an example of this, um as we have a brand, I don't have my phone safe sleeve. Anyone have a safe sleeve? It's a really cool brand. Check it out. It blocks your EMF uh exposure. It also gives you a nice little cover for your phone. Anyway, sales pitch. Uh these examples are from Safe Sleeve. So, it sees that your ad has a calm color palette. That might appeal to someone that's nurturing, right? A mother is holding a child. A product is near the face. This is starting to tag as nurturing. Family, emotional safety. Isn't that wild? Like, this is so next level, guys. All right, the language encoders. So, this is converting your copy, your captions that we talked about, the text into something that's meaningful. So, for Safe Sleeve, Meta would understand that, you know, feel confident knowing your phone is safe. That sits close in the vector space, in the clusters, to a reassurance ad. So, we're going to show that to someone that tends to engage with things that reassure them. That is how Meta is looking at this. It's not just mother-child. It's literally about how safe I feel as a human being, and how safe I have told Meta through my actions that I feel. Fascinating. And then you have how do we get the visuals, the text, the audio, how do we kind of squish all of that together? So, a video of someone testing EMF exposure, and a static image, right? So, both of these, even being different creative formats, those would be clustered into the same group of, you know, people that are interested in radiation-blocking cases. So, really starting to understand text, tone, pacing, every single thing that you are submitting to Meta, it's not just being indexed on a basic level. This is like true human psychology, true human need. Um and I went backwards. Okay, this screenshot is not really important. This is just a reminder to tell me to talk to you about something. We forget, and if you've learned with me ever, I've always been about the offer. I've always been about the page since I started in marketing. It's my favorite part of the paid advertising experience. And I was a little bit like, "Mhm, what's going to happen with this as we move into this new realm?" And John and I have been surprised to find that this is more important than it's ever been. And there are a few reasons for this. So, we understand that the assets that we submit are really the only control that we have left. And we have found that your page is actually the most important asset in terms of meta indexing in all the ways that I just showed you in figuring out what the hell to do with your advertising. So, we started to realize this for Smart Marketer a few months ago. We were running We were doing a launch in true internet marketing fashion for this free Andromeda class. I'll give it to you guys. I'll give it to Nick and email it out to you all. That doesn't matter. But, we were running a six-way split test. It was a pretty cool split test. So, we were running a few different page variations that were more format obvious. So, short page versus long page. And then, of course, we were running some different marketing messages, different images, different copy. So, we're wanting to test more of that contextual experience we were talking about. And then, of course, we want to test marketing messaging like we always have. All right, John and I have literally done this same launch style together for 14 years. Like, the same thing over and over again, change the content. So, we're running the test, rock and roll. We have a page winner, of course. It's like, all right, V3 is winning. So, usually, once we reach statistical significance, we'll call the test. All right, call the winner. Let's go roll with that page. And then the campaign will start to scale. Meta has one page to focus on. We know it's the winner. It's converting the highest. Let's roll. Well, for the first time in my career, we cut the test. Bam. The campaign, like, it just starts to go to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I'm like, oh my god, this has never happened. What is happening, John, who is the data side of my brain? And what we started to figure out, and that we are now further verifying through tests, especially in the e-commerce space, was that our thought process around pages, and even something like split testing, is way too simplified. This is not 2015 any longer. And what was happening was that it wasn't really a split test. Meta was using the different variations of the page to show which page was most relevant to the right person based off of who they were, cuz we had all the avatars listed on the page in different variations. And most importantly, the context of what they knew that person was doing in that moment. All right, this person's only going to be on the app for a minute, we'll show them the short page. This person's going to be here for a minute, we'll show them the long page. Turn the split test back on, which it's no longer a split test. It is just a mechanism to give Meta more assets at this point. Guess what? Bam, we're back up and rolling. And so, I tell you this story for a few reasons. Pages are important. You've always known this. Meta is weighting your pages more than they are your copy and creative. I promise you this. We have to think about our pages now in terms of how am I giving Meta the most variations to work with? Who's seen the little box in Ads Manager now that's like let Meta show any page from my website, basically is what it says. Has Have any of you all seen it? It works terribly. It's absolutely terrible. Don't do it. But it shows you that this is true and it shows you that this will continue to be built out inside of the platform. Something else that's really important about this, guys. We're calling these hybrid pages and this works in e-com, too. You see the want to know more button right there below the three blocks? This was the short version of our page. When you click want to know more, it basically just opens the rest of the page. There's like 10 more scrolls. There's a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] ton of copy and creative. No one reads those. No one looks at the images or videos. But that is important now because that is essentially a way for us to stuff like old-school SEO stuff who used to be in SEO back in the day? Nobody? Okay, one dude thinks you get it. Um this is essentially a way to still give a short what whatever length page experience that you want to while stuffing the page full of contacts that is going to help Meta. So if you do nothing from this uh little story that we're telling, please start to think about even on your PDP pages, which we'll talk more about later. How can you add functionality to the page that might not even be visible to the end user unless they want to click and open it that is going to allow you to tell stories, to put more written word to describe your avatar, and put more images and videos. I promise you this will boost your Meta performance. It's just giving them more to work with and as we get to the AEO portion of things, you guys will see why this is even more important. So pages, play with them. It is one of the biggest levers you have right now. Here's another quick story. This is so simple. Sweet Flex, anyone heard of Sweet Flex? They're really cool brand. They have leggings with resistance bands built into them. So, when you wear them uh even if you don't work out, you burn 255 more calories a day than if you don't. It's like the best sales pitch you could ever have. Uh they're one of our clients. We've worked with them for 5 years. Amazing people. But, we were trying to test this idea in a more simplified way than the nerdy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that I So, on their homepage, it used to just be product imagery of different women with the leggings on. We were really trying to open up to the mom market. This was a huge like we knew there was something there, but we hadn't unlocked the avatar yet. So, we changed one image on the landing page. That's all we changed. Mother with son. Again, Meta's indexing this every time you submit ads. Guess what? Even though we had been trying mom ads for so long and they weren't converting, once we changed that image, bam! Now we had opened up that avatar. Really, really fascinating. So, start to play with this, guys. There is so much here, and it is just the beginning. And ad copy is the same. As most of you know, this is a really simple example from one of our senior media buyers, Attila. This is for a brand called Tactical Baby Gear. You guys got to check them out. They sell uh diaper bags, but for like masculine men, which is not really available in the market. We ran a campaign where we changed all of the copy to speak to women. This account for 10 years had really been speaking mostly to men. Just over the weekend, we went from 22 to 34% of our ads being shown to females to 83% of our ads being shown to females. no change in targeting, no change in anything other same video. >> Literally same creative. Everyone's freaking out about the creative. Same video. No change in targeting. Literally just changed the copy. That completely changed the audience signal. So, something else that you can play with other than creative. Now, of course, creative is still important. I'm not here to knock it. At our event in October, we had someone from Meta speak and she actually knows what she's doing. No knock to anyone from Meta if you're here, sorry. But, she really gets the game. She owned her own e-com business and something that she said really stood out to me and I hadn't thought of it in this way. But, she called creative a cost multiplier. She said, "If you have really good creative, we will literally subsidize your cost up to 50%. Like, that is how important this is to us." So, it's not just about success. This is not just about getting your ads to convert. This literally directly affects your CPMs. You look at an account like Tactical Baby Gear, check them out in Facebook ad library, amazing creative. They always have the lowest CPMs. So, just a quick little note that this isn't just something we need to do. This is also affecting or penalizing, right? You could think about this as a penalty. Your creative sucks, you're being penalized for that. Um so, think about this as a cost multiplier inside of your account. All right. So, now that I kind of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] on creative, I want to talk about why it's important and kind of how we're thinking about this. So, at Smart Marketer and working with Meta and all the work that we do, this is how we are trying to achieve this elusive creative diversity on Meta in 2026. By the way, I'm going to give you guys all of these assets that I show with videos that show you how to use them if you want to put them into Claude or whatever you want to do with it. So, don't freak out about the actual templates. You're going to get them. So, this is what most people do. This is called our creative mix audit. We have a brand. We have all of the different video styles that are working for us right now that we don't have time to go through. We have every product that this brand has. And then, did we launch it? Did it work? Right? This is very much staying in the format game. This is where most people are playing right now. So, it's very important. This is how we plan what we're going to build, right? There's nothing wrong with this. But, if you are only staying in this format game, you do not have true diversity. Um and of course, we do this for static images also. Again, I'll give you all of these. But, what's really important? What's really important with creative diversity is the back end. What is that feedback loop after you have tested a creative? And everything that we just talked about with Andromeda, how are we actually measuring that? This is a question I've been asking our team for a year. All right, you tell me that they are, you know, indexing and looking at the tone of a video. That's cool. That sounds very cool. How the hell do we measure >> that? Like I don't know. I I did not have an answer. So, we gave this project to Ben Ben at our creative director who That's a whole side note, but we hired him as a junior media buyer. He was the worst media buyer ever in the history of time. But, he found his way with creative, and he's just a nerd with this stuff. And I said, "Okay, all the things in which we know Meta is indexing, digesting, I want you to build a system that measures those things. You guys will get a description of this system and the ability to copy it. Obviously, AI is being used to do this. But a few things I want to point out that should be a part of your creative feedback loop, that should be a part of your creative measurement context that we talked about, right? How can you use AI to figure out the context behind the asset? Create a way to organize that and then measure it. If you can do that, oh my god, now you have cracked the code. Now you have a way to measure something that is impossible to measure. Character analysis, right? Who actually is the person in the ad, right? How do we describe that more than woman with leggings on? >> What is a deeper way to do this? Story framework. What is the actual framework of the story we're telling in the ad? How do we measure it, right? How How do we actually tag these things? Secondary tone, angle summary, imagery, focus, motivator. Remember when we talked about what motivates people like deep down in their heart? You can measure that. You can actually index your creatives by motivators. Don't fall asleep on me, buddy, there in the the hockey uh jersey. Love you. >> You can actually measure and categorize different motivations and use that as a feedback loop. Then of course we're have the simple stuff we're all thinking about. Awareness level, like where is this in the funnel, what is the style, what is the persona. But I wanted to show you this. However you build it is up to you, but this is the future. If we're just looking at style, if we're just looking at persona, you're not actually getting the data that you need to inform the next iteration of what you should do. Make sense? Rock and roll. Cool. And then, once you have that information, by the way, I'm like the worst person to talk about AI, so if I sound really stupid about this topic, I am. So, you can be successful without being an AI nerd, by the way. Hire really smart people to do this. Um but Bend is now able to take what I just showed you and run really cool reports, right? Let's start to analyze things on a deeper level than just the format of the creative. Even things like the persona, where is the opportunity with avatars for us to scale on Meta? And then how can we start to look at cross variable analyses of what's actually working and what's not to tell us what to do. So, it's not just a feedback loop in one account, right? This isn't just we're selling kids journals, give me a feedback loop. Next set of creatives, next week, rock and roll. This is a big picture thing, right? This is all of us working together to try to take this black box that is Meta and figure out how the hell it actually works. So, you don't just want to be measuring and using this as a feedback loop, you also want to be using this as a way to try to figure out big picture how this black box is working. Make sense? Awesome. I talked about this with pages and a little bit with the copy. My heart loves this, by the way. Like being an old school marketer, this makes me so happy what I'm about to show you. When we analyze ad copy nowadays, I feel like we went to this very short form like trendy ad copy style, which can work. When we analyze all of our accounts right now, this is what's working. This is one ad, you all. That is the first screenshot. That is the second Is Is the longest ad copy you've ever seen? Like, we can't even read it. This is one ad. Isn't that wild? This is one ad. I love this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] It's like a VSL in written format. Like, who who would think that that would work? Why does it work? Well, you guys already know why it works. It works because we just gave Meta thousands of words of context on what to do with this ad. And of course, it's native. It looks real. It tells a story. Like, all the things we've always known about native ads. Like, that still works. But, why is this working even better than it has been working? Oh my god, because the input, instead of 30 words, there are thousands of words. This is one of Ezra's brands, Boom by Cindy Joseph. The media buyer on this, Jeremiah Allen, is just brilliant. And he is absolutely crushing it with and we see this across all accounts. You guys will get this. And most of the stories, this is very important. I do not want you to just think that you need to go and write 3,000 words about why your product is great. That is not going to work. These need to be story-based. So, this is a long long long story about this woman, Cindy Joseph, who's since passed away. RIP, Cindy. Long story about her, what she was going through in her life. Only at the very end do we even start to talk about what we're actually trying to sell. It's just a bunch of context in terms of who we are wanting to reach. Really, really easy to uh to mimic this. Definitely try this. But, like I said, over 50% of our highest converting ad copy right now is in this long-form. So, as I said, Meta rewards strong inputs. What is our job as media buyers now? What is our job as business owners? We're just creating really cool [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that has way more context than we have ever created. Right? Most people are still in this This drives me a little crazy, but still in this like what's the winner? Like my whole career I've heard that from the industry. Molly, what's better? Images versus videos. Okay, did this page win or did this page win? Our brains are so obsessed with that because it gives us clarity. Like I understand why we are like that, but we have to think opposite of that. Yes, we want winners. Yes, we want success, but the name of the game now is how do I create as many assets as I can that are all going to win? Maybe one converts a little bit more than the other, so that I do have diversification, so I can literally stuff meta full of as much context as possible. If you're always looking for the winners, turning everything off, you're down to five ads, it's like, cool, your ROAS is going to look good for a few weeks. Then what's going to happen? Meta has no idea what the hell you're trying to do, right? You're You're giving it nothing cuz you're so obsessed with the winner. So we've got to really shift that way of thinking in our mind to get the winners winning is that final number you're looking for, right? That the business growth, the ROAS, the MER, like whatever it is that you're using as your North Star, that's the winning. The winning is not, oh, I found three great ads, and that's what we're going to do. Oh, I have one page that won. That's all I'm going to use moving forward. That is absolutely crushing people right now because the game is different than it used to be. But the future is bright. The future is exciting. I'm going to transition a little bit right now uh quickly to end things into AEO. I struggle to say that. I'm from Kentucky, so sometimes like things just don't John has to speak for me sometimes. I'm like, I don't think we learned denunciation. A E O. Who knows what that means? Who feels like Okay, wow. Cool. A few people. All right. Really, all I'm talking about here how the hell do we, as brands rank in these LLMs? Any of them. Right? They will come, they will go. This is not LLM specific. Not just talking about ChatGPT, right? This is just the idea of how do we rank. This is the most important question for us to solve right now if we want to be in business. Well, at least we'll solve it at Smart Marketer and tell you, but this is the most important thing for us all to be doing. And as I told you, we have a team of 12 people who have spent the last 18 months of their career all they're doing every single day is researching how this works. It's very complicated. I will include it in the resources I give you guys, but it looks something like this. We have an e-com researcher. He or she is running the same exact, let's call them searches in LLMs every single day and then starting to note what information comes up, what are the sources, who is cited. We collect that data and then we try to find correlations in these different markets of who is showing up and why. So, if we can understand how it works, now we can actually craft a strategy that is going to help all of us in this room actually rank, which we're getting much closer to doing. So, there are three pieces of it. This could be a whole presentation, and again, I'm not the best Actually, I'm a good person to give this cuz we're not going to get too too technical. But, there are really three pieces that we found that are important. The first is obvious. Most of you know this if you've researched this at all. Indexability. This is completely technical. This is completely structural. This has to do with schema. This has to do with how your website's set up. This is essentially ensuring that your site is set up to give LLMs all of the information that they need for you to rank. We're not going to talk about that. I'm giving you an AEO playbook for e-com. It has all the code in there and like all the instructions so you can go do it for yourself if you haven't. That's first. That will change over time, but that's really simple. Most people think that's it though and they're like, "Oh, I did it. Now I'm like AEO ready." It's like, "No, you just did the first piece." The second is content readiness. So, this is along the lines of SEO. This is along the lines of like organic content as we have thought of it in the industry for many years. But, the way in which we go about it is different and I'll show you that in a minute. And then there's brand authority. This is a tough one to just create, right? Like, this is where at Smart Marketer we're really lucky. Ezra and I have been both for 15 years out here doing stuff like this on podcasts, blog posts. People talk about us in forums even if it's not nice sometimes. I don't read those things, but they do. So, we've we have that historical brand authority. You can't go back and achieve that really, but you can start to think about it moving forward and like digital PR. Who remembers when when that kind of came out? It's like, "Ooh, I can buy my way into an article or buy my way into some digital PR." Guess what? Those agencies are coming back. They're rocking because now this is becoming more important. So, I'm going to focus mostly on this content readiness area and what that means to you, but I do want to show you our primary research. You will see this more in the playbook. Um this is what we have found through 18 months of research. It's really interesting, and this is essentially how we categorize and break down what LLMs are pulling. So, 37% is from a brand's actual website, which we're going to talk about how to optimize that. 34% blogs. That's no shocker, but like damn, the blog has made a big comeback in the next year. Most people forgot about their blogs. Review sites, which is pretty obvious, but it is wild how weighted these are. It's insane. We have one AEO client, Outdoor Vitals. They're an outdoor backpacking uh company, really cool. They had like one guy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] on them in a review, and it's like we can trace that back to really affecting the LLM search. It's like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that sucks. >> Communities, e-com, social media, directories. I don't really know what directories means, Sean, but you might be able to tell me later. Um so, this is kind of how we break it down. This changes every day, by the way. Like this was pulled 2 days ago. This is constantly changing, but this is where we are in 2026. And a few quick things that you can do. Your PDP. These are some quick changes that you can make that will really help with your LLM rankings. I don't have time to go through them all, but tables really help. It's crazy how much tables help. Like we can see a PDP without a table and a PDP with a table. These LLMs love tables. I don't know why. Uh structured bulleted lists on your PDP absolutely help. Numbered steps, anything that steps, you know, people love that psychologically, but especially on your PDP, anything you can step out is is very important. Anything that's FAQ, that question answer, question answer, even if it seems overkill from a consumer standpoint, I want you all to add an hundreds of FAQs to your PDP. Even if it's a little drop down and no one ever clicks it, so they're literally just for the LLMs. Um and then clear price values, most of us already have this. Um specify the currency, even if you feel like that's obvious, it's wild that seems to be a hiccup with some of these LLMs. So we're starting to put like USD right right in front of the price. Clears up a lot of confusion. So those are some quick little optimizations on the PDP. And then as you think about and I'm about to wrap up, guys, as you think about uh content moving forward, there's so much to say on this topic, but the best action I can give you is what we're calling answer capsules. So this is a way to structure content to really help LLMs understand what you're trying to do. So imagine this is a blog post. This is a listicle. Like this is anything you're doing on your website, okay? Start with a clear question, even if it doesn't feel super native to how the person would read. Clear, simple question. Direct answer, but only one to two sentences. Very clear, direct answer. Then go into a detailed explanation of why that answer is what it is. And then have some sort of visual structure on there that we talked about. List, steps, tables. If you use answer capsules on every page that you're building, LLMs will just eat it up. This is something simple you can apply across the board. If it's something that's being indexed. And then back to this idea of being of This is where things are going. You know, we buy and sell and start a lot of businesses at Smart Marketer. And you know, the thought process used to be what's the best business? Like what's most scalable? What are we interested in? Cool. We're going to buy a Navage, this nasal like a neti pot thing. Like that's really cool. Our thought process is very, very different now. We want businesses and we want to take businesses more niche than they have ever, ever been before. I would rather have a supplement brand that's for dogs that have foggy eyes that is less scalable revenue-wise than having a generalized supplement that any human in this world could take because of where this is going. Your big generic brands without focus, without avatars, they're going to be eaten up in this new world. And you even see that happening on Meta. So, when you're thinking about your brand, you're thinking about the assets that you're building go deep. Do not go wide. For the last 6 to 8 years, it's been go wide and that was really fun. And that was really easy. And the game is changing on all of these platforms. So, if you take nothing away from me being up here make sure your brand, make sure your clients, they are for someone. It can be one group. It could be 10 different groups of people. It really doesn't matter. But this will keep you around. This game is about longevity. And just remember that as we wrap up. This stuff, like I said, can be addicting. It is so exciting. But this is not about the now, right? Ezra, myself, John, we want to be in this game in 20 years. We want to be in this game in 40 years. We want to build our lives and our businesses in a way where we don't burn out. We stay interested. We stay up-to-date on the time. So, make sure you reflect in yourself, "Am I living that way? Is the way I am living sustainable? Is the way that I'm doing business sustainable?" That is really the key to success moving forward if you want to keep rocking and rolling with all of this. So, just remember the only way to lose is to not be of service to a group of people. It's really that simple. Otherwise, have fun. Our core value is fun is the goal, right? If everything we're doing is fun, if the currency and the energy of our business is fun, we will always succeed. And then, love is the way. When bad [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] happens, it's going to happen. My dad's going to die. Ezra's daughter died. Like, people do crazy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] in business and they steal and they do awful things. It's like, if you look at those things as right and you approach them with love, it still sucks, right? It [laughter] can still be a bad thing, but you will be able to move past it. You will be able to use that situation to create more depth as a person and then move forward with more love and more fun and success in your life. So, if you guys want to reach out to me, this is my personal email. If you have questions, I'll be around all day. If you're interested in our agency, mastermind, dog rescue, nonprofit [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Kentucky bourbon, like >> Whatever you want to talk about, I'm here. And like I said, I'll I'll be around most of today, too. So, thank you guys for listening. This was super fun. Oh, you want me to stay? >> [applause] >> Nick, I just do what you tell me to do. Well, I'm just making sure we don't You can't get off the stage unless we ask a couple questions first. Anyway, any questions to the the one and the only the Molly. Thank you. Hey, I threw one of these at our event a couple weeks ago. The mic came out. Bam! All right, so you're done. Yeah. >> All right, so uh >> It It was a good soccer overhead throw though. One right here and you're going to go right behind you after. Hi. Uh that was super interesting. I'm I'm uh I've been doing like growth and CRO for a long time. So, like it's um like as we're doing all these CRO tests, we're running into the same problems. Like we ran one a couple weeks ago. >> little louder? Oh, sorry. Is that better? >> Yeah, yeah, better. >> hold it like this. >> Put your mouth up in there. >> Um we like we ran we ran a test recently where like we had a landing page like the click-through rate was converting like 10% better. So, it was a clear winner. We pushed it, but then we saw sales drop. So, like what you're saying adds up perfectly to like why >> It's such a mind [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Yeah, and like you like you said it it used to be like cool, that's the winner. That got us closer to the result down the funnel. Great, let's run that. So, like we've we've been experimenting around this, but I'm really interested in where you were saying about different landing pages, like having multiple variations um that Meta can run to. Um it's kind of a technical question, but like how do you run that from Meta to go to like how do you split test it from the Meta spot to let it choose different variations? We're still trying to figure that out. John has the more technical answer, but what I know is coming What I know is coming is there will be you're setting up a Meta campaign. Instead of submitting one URL, we will be able or clicking choose any page from my site cuz that's just crazy. Yeah. We'll be able to do this. I mean, we kind of already can, but we'll be able to do this in a more structured way. So, this will be in platform. >> Sweet. Okay. Awesome. Thank you. >> outside of that you got to talk to that guy. Yeah, no, that's great. Thank you very much. Right here. I had the same exact question as that guy. So, that's that's answered. Thank you. Cool. Anything else? You all want Nick to dance? No, Caleb, go. Yep, go ahead. With the long ad copy, what if your results has been testing that with video ads? I can't hear you. I'm sorry. >> With the long like the example you had that had like the really long ad copy, that was for a static ad. What were your results when you were testing it with video ads? Um I'm not really sure, honestly, but test it. It's not going to make that like those things are the same, but they're not, right? We know that with video or with not video, this is the ability to give meta more context of what the hell we want them to do. So, don't try to put those idea That's like going for the winner thing again that we were talking about. It's a good question, but think opposite of that. Think how can I get long copy to work with all of the videos in which I create? That's the question I would ask myself. Thank you. Real quick here, Molly. So, let me don't question, but you said that good creative >> to your mouth, sorry. Good creative can see roughly 50% discount on CPMs. You mentioned that earlier in the presentation. How do you define good creative? Is it the production quality, the click-through rate? Like like what makes a creative defined as good in your opinion? Thousands of variables, most of which we cannot track or measure, which is what makes this game fun. A lot of it is what I was showing you on that feedback loop workflow, and the way we were trying to measure things that are not able to measure. But if you're looking at it just like top five, whatever thing you told Meta you want, you want to purchase, at what rate is that happening? Are people actually doing that? That's going to be most important. Definitely time on site, definitely click-through rate, especially the especially the unique link click-through rate, right? Not just clicking on the ad. Those would be the first few things that I would look at um to to try to measure that. But the fun part of this is there's thousands of other variables that we can't. 100%. Thank you, Molly. But good is like let's achieve the goals. Like let's scale this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Let's grow the business. Hit the metrics that we want. And it looks very different for different people. I'm coming to the back. I'm not going to throw it. I don't trust myself. Nick, I like the horses. This is like a very Kentucky-themed event. I feel like you did this just for me. The round table? I did. I did. I mean, it's important >> You're playing country music. Most of them are Kentucky artists. Like who are you? I wanted some some crazy stuff, but the team pushed back pretty aggressively. Hey, Molly. Thanks so much. Um I'm curious about success on Meta. Have you seen a minimum rate, I guess you'd say, of new content assets you need to upload per week or per month to be successful? Oh god, that's like the question of the hour right now. No, it is so different across the board. We have clients that are like, "If you don't test 200 creatives Okay, we have a new client that came on a few months ago. Guys, you want to achieve this goal of growing the business, we got to cut down on the number of creatives tested. They want to test 200 a week. They're spending like a million dollars a month. Love these people, but it is completely destroying them. Like the the whole focus of the account is testing creatives. We have lost sight of what's actually going on. Other hand, we have clients that won't approve any creative, so nothing's happening and they're in just as shitty of a spot. So, there is no right answer. If someone tells you there is a right answer, they are absolutely lying. It is so specific to the account. Now, we will say at least 10 new creatives in an account every week is good. That's good, but oh my god, it's so across the board. How how much money in your pocket? I'll tell you how much. >> It's it's a it's a weird Yeah, go ahead. Hand it to Hand it to this gentleman back. This creative testing has been the craziest process around what structures go in and out and it's something that I don't think there's a perfect science to, but it's like a rhythm to how your team likes to execute. And then there's a couple of like CMOs in here that they're like, "How many should you be launching?" I was like, "Well, it's like, what is your hit rate?" I know the Common Thread boys talk about this pretty often. They're like, "What's your success rate of the things that you're launching in the account with the diversification around the placements that you're serving?" And then you're like, "Find a a number that your team can be consistent with and then you push them to make more shit." >> Exactly. And every account's different though. Like, we can think we found the perfect way. Doesn't work for the next business. So, I think I see someone I know with the mic. Hi, I'm Ollie. Hey, buddy. Um so, we rank rank pretty high in Gemini for LLM [clears throat] search, but chat not so much. Do you guys What's the strategy or what do you guys seeing there to cater to the different um LLMs? You know, why why are some signals, you know, firing hot and heavy on Gemini and and chat you're just, you know, we don't show up at all. It's really frustrating. I'll send you all the research that we did because we're doing it across, I think, like, eight platforms and they're all a little bit different. So, the data that I showed was an aggregation of all of them. I didn't want to discourage people and be like, "But it's a little different per platform." But it is. I don't know why I mean, we kind of know why that's the case, but it is the truth. The good news is that the general takeaways are the same. Like, the the what do we do about it? The three steps that I showed you, those are pretty much the same across the board. Okay. Thanks. Molly Pittman, thank you very much, ma'am. Thanks, buddy. >> [music] [applause]

- The Best Facebook Ad Creative Strategy for 2026: Kind: captions Language: en In this video, I'll be breaking down the single best creative ad strategy for 2026 [music] so that you can make killer high-erforming ad creatives in Facebook ads. This is the exact creative strategy that we're deploying over our 100 plus brands at the Moonlighters and the same exact creative strategy that I've shared within my school community [music] to nearly 300 brands right now. And this will 100% work no matter what category in. Whether you're in fashion, beauty, wellness, you name it. The old school way of creating ads would be a very simple workflow. You would think of an ad idea or your media buyer would say, "Hey, we need new ads. Maybe here's what's working." Then you would go and create new ads that look similar to the ones you've created before. Or if you had a new concept, something you thought might work well, you would go ahead and create it. Then you'd come into the Facebook ads manager. You'd upload it all as a single image or video. and you'd sit here writing painfully your primary text, your headlines, your descriptions. So, what we want to do instead is creating a system that increases the likelihood of finding winning ads. You can go ahead and pump out a,000 ads in an hour. You can go ahead and make a bunch of fake UGC or hire a bunch of creators or make a bunch of videos for yourself, but in reality, your win rate is going to be very low. The ads we're going to focus on today are going to have very high win rates. So instead of duplicating your best performing ads, we're going to be way more focused on a combination of new concepts, iterations, and variations, which are all very different things in the newest Andromeda updates and gem algorithmic changes to meta. So let's talk through the new way of doing this. So to start our system, what we're going to be building is a creative flywheel. This is going to be a predictable system that pumps out winning ads. So of course, at the top of every single creative machine or creative flywheel are new ads. And to source those new ads, they're going to come from two different places. And we're going to start from the single most important place. And that of course is going to be your competitors. Now, there's a free way to do this and there's a paid way to do this. I'm going to use the paid way. You could use the free way. I'm going to show you both really simply. First, the free way. We go into Facebook ads library. We click all ads and you go ahead and search one by one each of the competitors that are most relevant to your business. So, in this example, I'm just going to pretend that I'm the brand Vori. They're a sportsware kind of athleisure brand. One of their main competitors is Lululemon. So, what I would do if I was Viori is I would type in Lululemon. We're then going to select their page and we're able to see every single ad that Lululemon is currently running. And as you can see right here, they have hundreds of active ads in their account right now. So, I'm trying to think and clock what of these can I use as inspiration. What you really want to do is look at what ads have either been live the longest or spent the most. So, obvious things you could look out for are anything that says low impression count. You could very well and easily know that that is not a high performing ad. Or you could scroll all the way down to the bottom, which might take a minute depending on what brand you're looking at and look for ads that have been spending for the longest period of time. Now, what I like to do is use a program called Magic Brief. This is a paid platform. We're not sponsored by them, but it's the easiest way to show you everything. And we can see Lululemon right here is running 2382 active ads. We can see a quick overview of all the ads that they're running. And I could scroll through everything really easy. And I could download all of this imagery if I want to. Now, you might notice this looked a little bit different than Facebook ads library. And that's because they're running ads from different pages. So on the ad library, you might have to search through a variety of different pages from Lululemon and you might have to change the active status to all available ads because some of their ads might be paused after certain periods of time. And I want to give you a pro tip here. If you're a small brand and you're in the athletic leisure space, do not compare yourself to Lululemon. Don't compare yourself to Nike. Think about brands that are a step or two above you. If you're doing a million dollars in revenue, think of a brand that's doing 10 million. find and strike that balance between brands that are not too big. I'm never going to take inspiration from Nike, but not too small where they're not driving any sales, of course. So, once we find the brand and the creative that we are interested in, what we're looking for are the ads that have run the longest. We're looking for ads that have been most active for this brand. And I'm looking for real concepts here. Now, let's use this ad concept by Lululemon, which has run for 469 days. is they launched this in October of 2024. I am able to now take this ad, this carousel that they've developed here and use this as inspiration. We can recreate this very easily if I was Viori. So now in this example here, I'm just adding inspiration from competitive ads. You should be taking their videos, their statics, their gifts, their carousels, and build a true collection of concepts that you can identify. Each of these three are completely different concepts. You should be able to note and expand that each of these can be heavily expanded on. You should extrapolate out dozens of different iterations of this. You can make this exact ad if I was VRE versus Lululemon for every single product if I know it's a winning concept. But keep in mind, this is just scratching the surface. You can do this for every single one of your competitors. Identify trends and find common threads of creative that generally work in your category. Then take those threads, take those concepts and build them for yourself. Once you've created the concepts from your competitors, you've built them for yourselves. You've then launched your own new ads. What do you do next? This part is going to sound a little too easy. You wait. But it's not just about waiting. You have to make sure things are set up properly with those new ads to be able to have that luxury to actually wait and be patient. Now, we like to launch all of our new ads inside of a prospecting CBO campaign. The idea here is pretty simple. We want competition within our own ad account. And that works in a very simple way. Every time we have new creatives, they get launched into a new ad set. It could be anywhere from two creatives, one creative, 10 creatives, 15 creatives. Generally, four to eight creatives is the sweet spot. But don't over complicate it. Every time new ads get launched, they get launched into a new ad set. When those ads get launched into a new adset, over time, you're going to have a lot of new adets. And as you can see on my lefth hand side here, we're up to Broadpack 76. That means we have over 76 adsets that we've launched and tested for this brand. You're going to wonder, how on earth do any of these new ads get any sort of spend? Because the old ads are going to hog all the spend. I hear this all the time, even for brands that are just starting out. So, what we've done to basically counteract this is when we go into the adset, we go down to the budget and schedule section, and we click ads set spending limits. From here, we click set a minimum or maximum. We change the percent value to dollar value and we enter an average daily minimum equal to 1x the cost per acquisition target. If your cost per acquisition target is 50, you put this to 50. It is literally as simple as that. There's one point of tracking that you need to do on your side. Set a calendar invite. Set an alarm. I don't care what you have to do. Just make sure you get back to this in seven days. These never stay on for more than seven days at a time. Now, you might ask, why do we even do this? The problem is most ads just take too much time to get the adequate levels of spend and be tested. This keeps you in a non-stop waiting cycle where your ad account doesn't grow fast enough. Instead of waiting all of this time, this giant section here, and then eventually the ad scales or the ad dies because it's not good, we want to shortline this. And the way that we shortline this is we set that ad set budget minimum equal to 1x the cost per acquisition, which instead only forces the spend for a few days. And then if the ad's a winner, it scales quicker. If it's a loser, it stays at that set spend. Now, the beauty of this is you're going to look back within that 7-day window and decide, am I willing to spend more on this ad, or should we just remove the adset minimum? If you remove the minimum, the ad's going to spend less. If you keep the minimum, it will continue to spend at the same, which is most likely what you do not want to do. And in most cases, if it's above, it's a winning ad. If you remove the minimum, it's still going to spend above the threshold. So, it's a win-win scenario. Okay. So, we've developed new ads. We set ads set minimum budgets. We've waited. We've removed those adset minimum budgets. And now, it's time to take some more action. Now, this is where the flywheel really begins. It is in the analysis. So, what we want to do is go back into our ad account, make sure we're in our prospecting campaign. We're going to go to our column set, compare attribution settings, and select incremental attribution. Then, sort your entire ad account by highest spending to lowest spending. In most cases, I like to look at all my ads at once, but it's also important to break things down into different groupings depending on products, categories, whatever else is going on within your business. Know that there are nuances to everything I am talking about. Looking through all of our ads to keep this as fundamentally simple as possible. In this case, last 14 days, we spent $97,000 at a 1.42 return on ad spend. Our incremental return on ad spend is 1.23. What I am looking for here are highspending ads, outsized results on high-spending ads and above our threshold for return on ad spend. And we can see we have one very clear standout, followed by a few others that I'm very interested in. Now, the incremental return on ad spend for new customers that this brand cares about is around a 1.1 return on ad spend, which I know sounds crazy to many people, but that is just what this brand functions at. For these guys, we need to be above that 1.1. And we can see in this case we're well above at scale $26,000 in spend which represents over 25% of the total spend in this campaign at a 1.46 way above our threshold. We can also see there's a few that are just at the threshold 1.13 1.16. We're not going to touch those for now. And then we have a few more that are actually high spending, well above the threshold here, a 1.5, 1.38, and a 1.43. Our duty now is to take the best performing ads that have high spend and are above our threshold and recreate and iterate off of these ads. And this is where the flywheel makes its way full circle. The analysis that we just did is going to provide and yield clear concepts. These concepts are going to be winning ads. We then are taking these winning ads just like we did for our competitors and we are creating duplicates, variants, iterations of these winning ads. Eventually, what this does for us is it solidifies core concepts in our ad account. Now, you can see you literally just do the same thing over and over and over and over and over again. But don't forget, as you're creating these new concepts, as your ad account is growing, you need to make sure you're upping your spend along the way. It doesn't mean you have to increase your spend. It just means that you should not be afraid of things like the learning phase or increasing spend in general. The goal here is to grow accounts. This is not a system for maintaining your account. This is a system for growth. So when you run this flywheel for weeks and weeks and months and you're consistent, this is an example of the result that you will get. You will find winning concepts. Those concepts will be matched to audiences and each of these concepts is going to perform at a different rate. For example, let's say your target is 2x return on ad spend. Concept number one might return at that 2x and might spend 10k. Concept number two might return at a 3x but only be able to spend 3K. Concept number four might return at a ridiculous 10x but guess what? It could only spend 500 bucks. And then finally, concept number four might spend at a 2.2, but it does so at 50k spend. Old school Facebook would want you to only run the 10x, right? Just keep smashing the 10x. New school Facebook, Andromeda Facebook wants you to focus on all of these concepts. All of these add profit to your business. Now, you should care way more about your bank account, your actual profit. And that is exactly what we want to be doing in the sense of creating concepts and matching those concepts to audiences. And don't care as much about an ad that runs a 5x versus a 2x. As long as 2x is profitable, we want to run both. So, this flywheel usually starts to produce winning clear concepts. And you can see here, this is a concept from the brand Talentless that they can continue to build out. They can make variants around the same exact thing and they already have. We have another talentless example here. Now, they've been using this exact concept for literally a year. They take different products, different model shots, and they group it together with these semi in between shots, like these trio shots almost with just a very simple headline. We then have another concept that they've merged. So, they started with concept A and concept B and then they duped in. So they merged two concepts which are concept up here, concept number two and concept number one to create concept number three. We then have another concept by them and you can see they've created variants of this for all of their collections. You will stack concepts if you do this over and over and over again. And that right there is how you create a creative machine. One of the most important things when you're running Facebook ads is having that creative machine to fuel your account and scale. Now, if this has been helpful and you like this style of content and you want to access my entire system, tutorials, SOPs, literally the internal trainings that we use at the Moonlighters to service over a 100 brands as well as live Q&As, then click the link down in the description or go to school.com/fas where we have a massive community, the fastest growing Facebook ads community on school right now with literally nothing held back. That's all for today's video. I hope you got a ton of value out of this and I will see you in the next

  Top Comments:
  1. @isshanth_karthic [1 likes]: w value
  2. @shopadonisking [1 likes]: great video
  3. @LuxemShop [1 likes]: Hello i m watching you from Tunisia , i like you concept , thank you
  4. @Samu-pl1jh [1 likes]: I'm hearing that many performance marketeers are moving to a '1 campaign,1 ad set, +/- 20 creatives' campaign structure, what are your thoughts on that? Im seeing you're using it differently. Since the andromeda does the seperation between prospecting vs. retargeting still make sense?
  5. @viniciuspinho7862 [1 likes]: thanks
  6. @joaodantas1705 [1 likes]: good!
  7. @SamPiliero: 👉 Work with me and my team: go.themoonlighters.com/apply-l137
👉 Join my coaching program: go.themoonlighters.com/skool-l137
  8. @SeanMeyerhofer: Great video, one question: you mention cutting the minimum spend per day after 7 days, and mention it should be 1x your CPA target, however, you don't mention the equivalent ratio of spend at the campaign level. My question is how much should we set the CBO budget for relative to how much we'll be spending each day on minimum spend for those ads? Maybe a ratio number or smth would help, obv it must be more or equal to what you plan to spend in total per ad set....thanks in advance!
  9. @AmyNeville: So you create an adset with new creatives and when you know the winner do you just keep that adset or duplicate to another adset with winners already in it.. this is the part that confuses me. I have 4 completely different audiences we sell things to Seniors, Lone Workers, Personal Safety and Disabled people so we have ads for each of these areas dont want to put in same bucket but not sure best structure..
  10. @moritzasche3060: How to decide wich budget the campaign should have?
  11. @elitefitnesschios: Amazing content. Just a quick question is this applicable to lead form ads or we need different strategy? Also is your skool good fit for a service/ physical business like a gym?
  12. @crescitaly: The 1x CPA minimum spend trick on new ad sets is genuinely the highest-leverage change I made this year. Before, winning concepts would sit with $3 spend for days because old ads were hogging everything. Pushed minimum to $45 (our CPA) for 7 days, removed it after, and win-rate on tested concepts jumped from ~8% to 31%. Also the Andromeda insight on running 2x AND 10x ROAS concepts side by side instead of cutting the lower one — total profit went up $9,200 in 3 weeks because we stopped strangling the volume plays.
  13. @socioleadz: Great video, can you tell me if we should run 4-5 or more ads simultaneously for a completely new ad account and with a lower ad budget for ad spend (less than $1k) and how to figure out how many adsets and ads we should run in any certain ad spend?
  14. @davidpu3104: Dude i just watched this video and is pure gold, I mean, I do a similar strategy BUT doing what youre saying make my strategy better! WAY BETTER.
  15. @andrewnevermind4902: 1. Get chat gpt.
2. Use AI to improve your SEO.
3. Use AI to improve alt text on images.
4. Ask AI to help implement changes ready for Shopify integration.
5. Stop paying facebook for old rope.
  16. @ZeinabHassan79: please can you dub your videos with arabic egypt please I like your channel
  17. @ricottacheese245: thank you!!!
  18. @bruidbarrett: One of the best videos on the topic thank you
  19. @call.me.dexter: Love from India. Keep making such content.
  20. @davidfrey5654: way over my head

- Facebook Ads For Beginners (2026 Complete Guide) - POST ANDROMEDA: Kind: captions Language: en Most people running Facebook ads are wasting money. If Facebook ads feel confusing, expensive, or like you're just guessing, you're not stupid. Most people are running them wrong because nobody ever showed them the basics properly. So, in this video, I'm going to walk you through Facebook ads step by step so you know exactly what matters and what doesn't. This video is going to save you money and time and a lot of frustration. Let's start. Now, honestly, when it comes to Facebook ads, this is easy. So, the very first thing we want to do once we're in Ads Manager is just go over to the left hand side to campaigns and we're going to land here, right? And then we just want to tap on create the type of campaign that you want. If you're a lead genen business like a service-based business where you get, you know, their details, so you can give them a quote or anything like that, you just want to pick leads. If you're an e-commerce business and you get sales, so people purchase the product and you don't have to give them a quote or anything like that. You don't need their information before you get payment. You just tap on sales. All right. Now, for this particular video, we're going to tap on leads, and we're going to tap on continue. So, the very first thing here that we want to break down is the ad levels. All right. If you see up the top left over here, and over here as well, there's three different levels. Okay? There's the campaign level up here, which is basically just about setting in your budget. And then you have the adset level, which is picking things like your targeting locations, your conversion locations, and what page to actually run the ads on. And then you have the ad level where all of the magic happens and you actually create the thing that people see. And also if you selected instant forms as one of your conversion actions, you will also create the instant form right here as well. All right. Now that you understand that, we're going to go through and start this off. So just put in your daily budget. Whatever you think that you should put in for your business. Now my personal recommendation if you're complete beginner and you're starting off, I recommend spending anywhere from $50 to $100 per day. Now that's in Australian dollars. If you're from the United States, it's £35 to $70 per day. And if you're from the UK, £25 to £50. All right. So, what we're going to do now is just tap on next, and we're going to land straight onto the adset level. As you can see here in these two areas, we're now in the adset level. So, the conversion location, if you have a killer website, send the traffic to your website. All right? But 99% of people don't have conversion focused websites. They're usually pretty shitty. So, I recommend sending them to an instant form. If you run a service-based business, like you're a plumber, window cleaner, anything like that, I would just recommend that you send them directly to an instant form like this, just because you'll probably get more leads from using instant forms because it doesn't take them off the platform and you can make them high quality as well by making them go through and answer various questions. Okay, so what we want to do now is just select our page. And then for the performance goal, we're just going to have this maximize number of leads. There's another one down here, maximize number of conversion leads. I've spent tens of thousands of dollars on this. Don't bother wasting your time on this. All right? You end up paying a premium price to get basically the exact same leads. And when you set up your instant forms like how I'm going to show you in this video, you're only going to get conversion focus leads anyway. So, you don't need to change this over and pay for that premium audience. All right. So, keep it on maximize number of leads. All right. Now, we're going to scroll down to audience. All right. So, what we want to do in audience is just tap on this little pencil here. That's going to bring down our targeted location. So also tap this little arrow so you can see what you're doing. So we're just going to type in one of our service locations. All right. So just say we service around Chadston. So now it's targeted directly into Chadston. So what we want to do is tap on drop pin and just drop a pin in our targeting zone that we want to run ads in. And then just increase this to, you know, the radius that we actually want. All right? Or you can decrease this. So just say we want to target this whole area here. I want to run ads throughout here cuz I have a large amount of employees and they reach all around these different areas. All right? So, there's a big mistake that a lot of people do here, right? And it's they don't exclude the areas around the actual targeting. And I'm going to show you exactly how to do that because I want you to make a ridiculous amount of money when it comes to ads. All right? So, I'm going to show you the proper way to do this and exactly how to save as much money as possible. And one of those biggest things is this exact thing here, which is not having exclusion zones. And you're probably watching me right now thinking, Daniel, you just added in another targeting zone, you absolute idiot. Right. But wait. All right. We can actually go in here and we can tap on it and it will give us the option to exclude this. Bang. Now it's a red circle. What I recommend that you do is going through and putting all these exclusion zones all around your targeting zone just like this. Add them up to like 20 m wide each just all the way around your actual targeting area. So it will just look like a big blue area with a bunch of red circles around it. Now, this will stop you from getting a large amount of leads that aren't in your service area. Now, sometimes you still get the problem. So, to make this bulletproof to really avoid getting any leads outside of your area, cuz right now since the Andromeda update, it has been quite a big issue, especially for service-based businesses. We want to scroll down and we want to tap on further limit the reach of your ad. Do not stress, this isn't a big deal. The ads are still going to be broad, so we're still going to get as much reach as before. It's just actually going to listen to our good old guidelines that we just gave it which is just targeting here. It's not going to go for the cheapest lead and start pumping out ads here even though we don't want them cuz currently Facebook billion dollar company does not understand that we do not want that. So tap on further limit the reach of your ads. Go down here, tap on it and then tap on continue and just leave it how it is. Oh well you could you can actually change the um age area because you know a lot of the time you won't get people around the age of 18. So, you can just boost this up to like 25 or anything like that. And I probably wouldn't use this as a suggestion cuz I know my business better than anyone else. I'm sure you do as well. And the chances of you getting 18y olds is very unlikely in the actual job. All right? Like I'd really doubt that they're going to convert and get, you know, whatever quote or whatever business you run, unless you run like a like a restaurant or anything like that or a food joint, you'd obviously have this as 18year-olds as well because, you know, they would love to go out for dinner. But for this particular ad, we're creating an ad for a service-based business. So, I'm not going to bother about using that as a suggestion. We're going to scroll down and we're just going to tap on next. Now, as you can see, we're in the ad level. So, this is where the magic happens. This is where we create the actual ad, what people actually see. Right? So, we're going to scroll down and I'm going to show you exactly how to do this. What I recommend doing is having this on single image or video ad. And when it comes to testing, right, when it comes to knowing how many ads you should make, I recommend having about five ads in here. Okay, for this particular budget, five ads is going to work fantastic. So, now we're going to set up our creative. So, the creative is just the words on the ad, the image on the ad, and just everything like that. So, let's tap on setup creative and then set up image. We're just going to tap on this image here, and then tap on next. So, as you can see, this is what our image looks like right now. We want to keep all these as original. We do not care if this ad does not show up in this placement because we don't really want it to show up in that placement anyway. So, let's tap on next. Now, I can put in the primary text and everything right here, but it does look pretty bad. So, I'm going to avoid doing that in this area. We're going to do it after we fill out everything else in regards to the actual image. All right, so tap on next. So, as you can see here, it's actually generated us some AI images. I recommend just selecting on any of these that actually look good, but if they look like this one here, like it looks like the guy's in a snowstorm, right? If they look like that, just don't even bother clicking on it. But if you find any ones that look, you know, better like this one, this one looks pretty good. or this one here because there's another guy in the image. I recommend just testing it out, right? It's not going to use this as your sole photo like it's just going to use this as another test of the photo which is really good. All right, tap on next. Now, remove enhanced media text improvements and enhanced CTA. The reason why is because we want full control over our Facebook ads and we want to know what they actually say. All right, if we have on text improvements, it'll change our text around which is not what we want. And then if we have enhanced CTA, it will also change what our CTA is, which we don't want to happen, right? So, the ones we do want to keep on is overlays, visual touch-ups, music, and you can have animation on or not. I'm just going to leave it on. Let's tap on done. So, this right now is the bare bones of our ad. All right. So, this is our image. Just imagine this is from Solar Company, not my demonstration page, Daniel Jim. All right. So, this is what we've got right now, the stock standard. What we need to do is put in our primary text, our headline, and our descriptions, and our call to actions. So the call to action obviously for this type of business which is a service based business which is a solar installation we're just going to tap on get quote because that's what we want the client to do. We want them to get a quote. All right, pretty simple stuff. So bang, here's our primary text right here. All right, I've gone through and I've created this and this is actually a type of ad copy that we run for one of our clients who's in solar installation. It's not the exact thing obviously cuz I don't want to show that on ad, but it's quite similar. All right, so I want you to understand that this is the type of ad copy that works. Long- form ad copy works unbelievably well. Some people look at this and go, "Oh, there's a disgusting amount of like writing here." But no, you're paying for your ad to appear and sell someone on your service. So, you want as much writing in here as possible that's really going to sell them. Obviously, you don't want in here just random fluff where you're just trying to hit a word limit. No, you want very sales focused stuff. Pointing out the exact location and person that you want, right, which is a Melbourne homeowner. and pointing out their problem. They usually pay around x amount per year for electricity compared to 1,700 with a properly installed solar system. Right? We're literally eliminating their bill in half. We're doing exactly what the image says, cut your power bills. Right? We're cutting them in half, literally. All right? So, this is the type of ad that works really well. Now, I'm going to scroll down and put in my headline. So, the headline that I'm going to put in is something very simple. I just tell them what I want them to do, right? Which is getting a quote. We want them to go and get a quote and tap on this button here so we can go talk to them. So, bang. Here's my headline here. It's super simple. It's just get your solo quote, right? I'm just telling them exactly what I want them to do. Don't overthink this area, guys. It's really simple. Just tell them, like I said, what you want them to do. Now, for the description, just kind of follow along with that and either give social proof or, you know, push something custom or just anything like that, right? Just anything that you might think will help. So, here's my description here. reduce your power bills with a custom solar system which is just doing the exact same thing the image is doing and the words up here is doing. It is pushing the fact that we are reducing or cutting or destroying their power bill so they don't have to pay as much money per year. All right, that's clearly the angle of the ad which is hey we save you money. Pay us money so we can save you money. All right, but this is yeah this is exactly what you want here. So I'm going to break this down real quick. Off the very bat of the ad, what you can see is the exact target location. So, bank, they know that they are the people in that area. They're also home owners and they're probably most likely paying around 3,200 per year for electricity because this is the average for the households in there. And then bang, here's a quick little comparison to how much they could be paying if they had a solarin system that we installed for them. What this is doing is showing that we are cutting their power bill in half. And then you have the image that reiterates that cut your power bills in half with a custom solar system. And then also massive social proof. Bang. They know that we are trusted. We got 289 Google reviews, five stars, right? We are a trusted provider to install your solar systems. Okay, then we even have a photo of a guy doing it, which is really good. And then we have the actual headline, get a solar quote, the call to action, get quote, and then the reduce your power bills as well. Now, this is an absolute banger of an ad. But we're not done just yet. We still need to actually create the instant form where they're going to go fill out their details and become a highquality lead. All right. So, we're going to scroll up to destination and we're going to tap on create form. Now, in my opinion, I keep this on more volume and I keep this as open and I keep this as optimize. Now, we're just going to tap on next. I remove the greeting because majority of the time it is just a waste of time. And then I go through here and I put in multiple questions to make sure they're qualified because if you don't do this, you will get dud leads and you'll complain, why is my lead quality so bad? And it's because you didn't verify the leads. All right. So what I recommend doing is going through here adding in about three to four qualifying questions to actually make sure that they answer those questions to prove to you that they are a high quality lead. Right? So what I recommend is having about three multiple choice questions. So you just ask things like how urgently do you need it done. Just any demonstration question like that. You know your business better than I do. So just write in whatever information you want before you get on a phone call with them or before you send them a quote. All right. But if you don't know what to write in here, you could add in things like what's the best form of contact. So you could have your answers as email, phone call, SMS, and they can just tap which answer that they like, right? And then you know exactly what type of contact method they'd like to speak to you through cuz some people don't like email, some people don't like text message, yada yada yada. And then I also recommend adding in a short answer question. This one should almost always be, "What is your phone number?" Okay? And then I leave this as minimum characters five and maximum characters 20. This way when I ask, they'll get a question like this. What is your phone number? And they'll just enter in their phone number manually. All right, we're going to also get their number down here after you put in the questions. So, we're going to get their email, full name, phone number. Make sure this isn't optional, okay? We need this from them. It is not an option. And then also, you can get the street address as well, just so you know exactly where they live. So, if you need to give a quote based off Google Maps or Real Estate.com or Zillow or anything like that where you can actually see the property online, this is a great way to do it. Okay. Now, you might get this little warning over here. Too many questions may reduce the form submission rate. That's what we want. That's good. Great job. You did great. All right. You did great, kid. That's exactly what we want. We want to reduce the amount of people that submit the form because it means that we're going to get rid of all the dud leads and all the people that don't know what they're doing and we're only going to get leads that actually know, okay, I want a quote. Okay? So, if you don't know why I made you write in a question that asks about their phone number and also give them a form later on where they actually have to fill out their number as well. This is just to verify that you get the correct phone number from them. Because sometimes people who started their Facebook account with an old phone number, when they go to these instant forms, Facebook will autofill out their details and use their number that they started Facebook with. All right, since they haven't updated and then you would complain, I got a dud lead because nobody answered the phone. But in reality, it was just an old lady who didn't really know what she was doing and she didn't double check that it was the correct phone number. So, we make sure by having this question here to really force the fact that we're going to get the correct number. So no matter what, it is guaranteed that we have the correct phone number. Okay. So now we're going to tap on next. And I recommend just putting in your privacy policy here. You can just link this to your website or you can tap on this bit and just remove it alto together. Tap on next. Now what I recommend here is just putting in expectations. So I keep this as thanks. You're all set. And then the description I will have this as you can expect us to call you within the next 24 to 48 hours or you can expect a quote in the next 24 to 48 hours. Just anything like that. just setting in expectations on what is going to happen next so they don't go willy-nilly going around slamming a bunch of other ads to make sure they can get a quote from everybody else because they know that you're locked in. You're going to give them a quote in x amount of time. Okay. Now, we can have the additional action as go to website and have this on, you know, our reviews or anything like that if we want them to go there. We could have this as read our reviews and then the link is literally just straight to our reviews on our website. Or you can have this as cool business. Put in your phone number here. just change this over to call now. This way, if they need you urgently, they can literally call you right after they've filled out the form and you have all their details already, so you don't need to grab it while you're on the phone. All right, once you're done with that, just tap on create form and then bang. What I recommend doing is just going over here, tapping on quick duplicate, and just making about five different variations of this ad. The only thing that I would change in the ad to do the testing is the actual image. That's all I would change. All right, and now you are a fantastic Facebook ads marketer. I hope you enjoyed this video. Please smash like. Look, if you did want an unfair advantage in your business, there's a link in the description to my advertising course. I'm not going to push you on it or sell you on it. If you do want that unfair advantage, go check it out. See you later. I don't know what to say.

  Top Comments:
  1. @danieldimsey7463: My advertising course 👉 https://serviceadscourse.com/lp
  2. @NathanParks-s3v: i built an add for a client following these exact steps and it's gotten rejected twice, any idea why? even used similar text to what you showed
  3. @NathanParks-s3v: these are awesome thanks
  4. @gensis251: Thank you !

- ⚙️EL SISTEMA DEFINITIVO POST-ANDRÓMEDA | Meta Ads 2026: Kind: captions Language: es-ES Después de gestionar más de 37 millones&nbsp;de euros en publicidad durante los últimos 14 años como director de marketing y ayudar a más de 250 emprendedores a escalar con meta ads He tenido que rehacer por completo mi sistema tras la actualización de Andrómeda. Desgraciado! En este vídeo te voy a enseñar el sistema definitivo para conseguir resultados reales con meta ads en 2026 basado en cinco pilares clave que son absolutamente fundamentales para generar ventas o leads a día de hoy con meta ads Vamos a ver los cinco pilares de este sistema, pero ten en cuenta que si no los dominas, lo más probable es que sigas quemando presupuestos sin ver resultados. Venga, vamos a ello. Bueno, lo primero de todo es qué es Andromeda? Andrómeda es el nombre que Metá le ha dado a un sistema que determina a qué personas hay que mostrarles según qué anuncios. Existen varios de esos sistemas. Uno de ellos es JM y el otro es Andrómeda. Pero sí que parece que este último Andrómeda es el que más impacto está teniendo en muchas, yo diría que en millones de cuentas publicitarias. A día de hoy eso no me lo esperaba. Antes de Andrómeda teníamos mucho más control manual. La segmentación detallada funcionaba relativamente bien. Era muy típico encontrar un anuncio ganador y poder escalarlo prácticamente hasta el infinito y más allá. A día de hoy, esto ya no es así. No es la meta. Lo que nos pide con Andrómeda es que utilicemos lo máximo posible sus automatizaciones como por ejemplo la segmentación o el público Advantage Plus, totalmente abierto. Esto es lo que hace, es que a día de hoy lo que hace esa segmentación, lo que filtra a los usuarios, es la propia creatividad, sea imagen o sea vídeo. Otra implicación de Andromeda es que a día de hoy para poder escalar luego veremos el escalado ya que es uno de los pilares, pero para escalar ya no es necesario encontrar un anuncio ganador. Un anuncio viral ganador. Ahora lo que tenemos que tener es un portfolio, un grupo de anuncios ganadores, todos diferentes entre sí. Que cada uno ataque a diferentes micro audiencias de nuestro público objetivo, que cada uno también ataque a diferentes fases del caso mejor. Y eso en conjunto, trabajando a la vez, en paralelo, al unísono, es lo que nos va a permitir ir subiendo el presupuesto poco a poco. En otras palabras, a día de hoy ya no gana el más técnico, el que más sabe tocar la plataforma de anuncios, sino que gana el que sabe crear creativa. Tres. Sean imagen o sean vídeo que filtran a los usuarios, es decir, que rechazan a las personas que no pertenecen a su público objetivo y que llaman mucho la atención. Aquellas personas que sí pertenecen a su público objetivo. Para mí, este es el gran cambio de Andrómeda. Wow, wow. Ahora vamos a ver en qué consiste el sistema. Entonces los cinco pilares de un buen sistema en metas a día de hoy son la estrategia, el tracking, el seguimiento, el testeo, la optimización y el escalado. Cinco pilares. Si uno de estos pilares falla, todo el sistema se rompe, no funciona. Os doy un aviso importante el 93% de la gente falla en los dos primeros. Oye, tranquilo. No te pases de listo conmigo, muchacho. Entonces veamos el primer pilar. La estrategia. Sin una buena estrategia, tus campañas nunca, nunca van a funcionar. Uno de los problemas que veo con mayor frecuencia es que la gente lanza anuncios sin pensar. Sin pensar estratégicamente. Realmente la estrategia incluye muchos elementos diferentes. Por ejemplo, la oferta, el ángulo de marketing, las propias creatividades, el anuncio en sí, el copy, el guión. Si es vídeo. Y es que hay muchísima gente que lo único que hace es copiar anuncios de su competencia o de nichos adyacentes. Y con esto hay que tener mucho cuidado, porque os pongo un ejemplo imaginad que quiero lanzar una marca de zapatillas, zapatillas deportivas y tengo la genial idea de ir a la biblioteca de anuncios de Nike y espiar qué tipo de anuncios tienen y decir ah, vale, voy a copiar los anuncios de Nike. Error, gran error. Nunca hagáis eso. Siempre tenéis que espiar y modelar anuncios de empresas que estén uno o dos peldaños por encima vuestro. Nunca nadie que esté al mismo nivel, porque seguramente lo están haciendo igual de mal que vosotros. A ver, a ver qué pasa. Y tampoco hay gente que esté cinco diez peldaños por encima vuestro. Porque volviendo al ejemplo de Nike, la razón por la que Nike tiene ese tipo de anuncios que os animo a que veáis qué tipo de anuncios tienen. La razón por la que nadie puede crear esos anuncios es porque sumidos de panel y botón de panel que ahora vamos a ver que es, son enormes, son millones y millones y millones de personas. De hecho, creo que podría asegurar con total certeza que Nike no tiene top of de Funnel, no tiene tráfico frío, quien a día de hoy el planeta Tierra no conoce la marca Nike. Por lo tanto tu marca no está en ese punto, te lo puedo asegurar. A no ser que seas Bill Gates, te puedo asegurar que tu marca no está en ese punto importante. Si quieres que revise tus campañas, haz clic aquí abajo y reserva una llamada conmigo en esa sesión, 1 a 1, veo qué errores estás cometiendo y si también veo que tiene sentido, te explico cómo puedo ayudarte a solucionarlos. Haz clic aquí abajo y reserva esa llamada ahora mismo. Así que siempre piensa que cuando vas a espiar y modelar anuncios de tu competencia, tienes que fijarte en empresas que están uno o dos o tres, si me apuras, peldaños por encima vuestro. Pero no vayáis a mega empresas que hacen lo mismo que vosotros porque no os va a funcionar su estrategia. Dicho esto, como os he dicho, la estrategia realmente contiene diferentes elementos, pero hay aquí en este vídeo, para que no se haga demasiado largo, vamos a centrarnos en el caso de Johnny y cómo tenemos que adecuar los mensajes de nuestro case. Mejor para cada una de las fases de ese case mejor. Entonces vamos a dividirlo realmente en tres que son awareness, tráfico, frío, descubrimiento, luego consideración que sería lo que muestran este gráfico interés y deseo. Es prácticamente lo mismo. Y por último, tenemos botones de panel o la conversión, la compra. Entonces me gusta siempre poner el mismo ejemplo. Disculpa si me sigues en el canal desde hace tiempo ya lo he sido alguna vez, pero creo que es bastante gráfico. Tú imagínate que estás de fiesta. Si eres una chica, estás de fiesta por la noche y se te acerca un chico y te dice Hola guapa, te vienes de vacaciones conmigo? Qué pensarías? Bueno, a no ser de que el chico sea Brad Pitt, pensarías quita de aquí, baboso asqueroso, idiota, etc y con toda la razón del mundo. Oye, tranquilo, viejo. Entonces. Qué es lo que ha pasado ahí? Lo que ha pasado es que el mensaje que te ha mandado ese chico no encaja con la fase en la que os encontráis. Tú te encuentras, según él o para él, en un tráfico frío o awareness, o de reconocimiento o de descubrimiento. Entonces, un mensaje más apropiado habría sido Hola, cómo te llamas? Y hasta entonces, a no ser que el chico sea muy, muy feo, posiblemente le podrías llegar a contestar. Vale. Entonces van por ahí los tiros con la publicidad? Tenemos que hacer exactamente lo mismo. No es lo mismo hablarle a una persona que no nos conoce de nada que hablarle a alguien que ya nos sirve, por ejemplo en redes sociales, que alguien que se encuentra cerca de la compra. Entonces, cómo tienen que ser los mensajes para cada una de esas fases, por ejemplo, para reconocimiento o descubrimiento, olvidarlo, reconocimiento, vamos a centrarnos en descubrimiento, que creo que es más fácil de entender para descubrir miento, historias, explicaciones, contenido educativo, la historia del fundador. Todo eso funciona muy bien también. Por ejemplo, Aida. Aquí tenemos Aida, pero también que sepáis que Out Action es un framework que se utiliza en copyright bien que funciona bien para tráfico frío perfecto. Características que tenéis que tener en cuenta cuando creáis este tipo de anuncios, tenéis que tener en cuenta que la llamada a la acción casi nunca es compra, casi nunca suele ser Sígueme. Descárgate esta guía gratuita. En definitiva, son acciones con muy poca fricción para el usuario, para el cliente potencial. Luego vamos a la siguiente fase de consideración, que es de panel. Esto sería topos de fan, el tofu, que seguramente me habéis oído más de una vez hablar y eso aquí serían miles de anhelo que también se llama la fase de consideración, porque se llama la fase de consideración por la persona o personas que se encuentran en esa fase están decidiendo sobre por qué marca, producto, decidirse, están considerando diferentes opciones, por eso se llama consideración. Entonces, cómo tiene que ser un anuncio para la fase de consideración? Normalmente aquí ya empezamos a hablar directamente del producto o servicio propuesta única de valor, beneficios del producto, beneficios del servicio, etcétera Aquí la llamada a la acción ya puede ser comprar, compra, ahora usa este cupón de descuento, etc y luego vamos a la fase de fotos de Funnel tráfico totalmente caliente que está casi con la tarjeta en los dientes a punto de comprar. Ahí lo que mejor funciona son testimonios, reseñas, publicaciones en revistas o en periódicos, todo lo que genere autoridad y de un último empujoncito para hacer que la persona se decida por tu marca, porque eso es muy importante. El caso de Johnny Olivier, Johnny que le llama aquí es lo mismo. Se comparte por todas las empresas de un mismo sector, es decir, un usuario puede descubrir el producto servicio con una marca en voz de funnel, pero termina comprando a otra marca totalmente diferente. De hecho, pensadlo, cuando vosotros compráis algo, pensad en todo el proceso que seguís y os daréis cuenta de que descubrís algo por un anuncio de alguien. Hacéis una fase de investigación, empezáis a mirar opciones y finalmente os cantáis por una de las opciones y la opción de descubrimiento. Muchas veces no es la opción final de compra, así que eso es muy importante. Ahora vamos a ver los cimientos sobre los que tenemos que crear nuestro sistema, que es el tracking, el seguimiento. Sin un buen tracking no vas a conseguir resultados porque el algoritmo trabaja completamente a ciegas. Si el tracking no está bien instalado y configurado en meta, vas a tomar decisiones con datos de mierda tú mismo. Entonces, qué es lo que tenemos que conseguir con nuestra configuración, instalación y configuración del píxel y del API de conversiones? Tenemos que conseguir esto. Tenemos que conseguir una nota lo más alta posible. Esto qué significa? Esto significa que están pasando a meta la mayor parte de datos personales de las personas que interactuan con mis anuncios. Por ejemplo, si vamos aquí, vamos a ver detalles. Ahí tenemos las dos líneas características una es para el píxel y otra es para la API de conversiones. Pero vamos a calidad de eventos y fijaos lo que tenemos aquí. El 100% de los correos electrónicos están pasando a meta también el 100% prácticamente 96% de los números de teléfono, el 100% de los nombres y el 100% de los apellidos. Esto hace que tenga una nota de 9,3. El resto de cosas son totalmente automáticas. Si tenéis una buena configuración, se van a pasar correctamente. Entonces, por favor, por favor, por favor. Enfocados en conseguir una buena instalación y configuración del píxel y de lápiz de conversiones, tengo un cliente que tenía una nota de 6,1. Rubén tenía una nota de 6,1 y recuerdo que le ayudé a instalar y configurar correctamente el píxel y pasó de 6,1 a 9,3. pues su coste por resultado bajó un 40%. Qué buen servicio solamente tocando eso. Así que por favor, enfocados en mejorar eso sí o sí. Ahora vamos a ver el que es para mí el pilar más potente de todos el testeo. Esto es lo que te va a permitir encontrar anuncios ganadores de forma consistente prácticamente cada semana. Si no dominas esto en meta en 2026 no vas a conseguir buenos resultados. Uno de los errores más típicos que veo siempre es gente que dice Vale, tengo una idea de un anuncio, lo creo y lo pongo a competir con el resto de anuncios que llevan funcionando un mes, dos meses, etcétera Eso no es testear, eso es tener una ocurrencia y ver si funciona. Entonces que es testear bien, ya sabéis que si me seguís en el canal ya lo he explicado varias veces. Existen dos métodos fundamentales un método que es el método científico que viene precisamente del mundo de la ciencia y que consiste en testear una única variable cada vez. Es decir, yo creo, por ejemplo, rondas de testeo y en una testeo el texto, en otra testeo la imagen y en otra testeo el titular. Inconvenientes? A ver, funciona, funciona muy bien. El método científico no es que no funcione, pero es muy tedioso, tardas mucho tiempo y te cuesta mucho dinero encontrar elementos ganadores. Entonces hay otra metodología que es la que a mí me gusta enseñar, que es el método multi variante, que consiste en lo siguiente. Tienes, por ejemplo, dos textos, dos imágenes y dos titulares, y yo lo que hago es todas esas variaciones las combino creando ocho anuncios diferentes y testeo todo a la vez. Es decir, en vez de estar testeando una única variable cada vez, testeo todo a la vez y me ahorro 1/3 del dinero y del tiempo. Fabien, por ejemplo, recuerdo perfectamente que vino a mí con la estrategia de que este hecho antes de testear. Es decir, no es que se me ocurría una idea y la lanzaba a ver si funcionaba. Simplemente implementando este sistema de testeo en cuestión de un mes pasó de facturar 1.500&nbsp;€ al mes a facturar 5.000&nbsp;€ al mes. Una auténtica locura. Por qué? Porque fui capaz. Hizo un test a la semana, fui capaz de encontrar tres o cuatro anuncios ganadores y eso le permitió subir el presupuesto sin que el coste por resultados se fuera a la mierda. Yo os digo que para mí ese es el pilar más potente. Ahora vamos a ver el pilar que nos va a permitir no tirar dinero a la basura, que es la optimización. Tenemos que diferenciar claramente. Testear no es optimizar, testear es probar diferentes opciones y optimizar es apagar cosas que no funcionan. Y la clave está siempre en tener reglas. Tienes que tener reglas de apagado. Para mí una regla que funciona muy bien es cuando un anuncio gasta el coste por resultado máximo objetivo multiplicado por dos, sin conversiones a pago. O también otra regla que me gusta mucho es cuando un anuncio, independientemente de lo que haya gastado, se ha gastado poco. Me da igual, la aplico igualmente. Si un anuncio en una semana, en siete días no ha generado conversiones, lo apago solo. Con estas dos reglas os garantizo que vais a ahorrar un 30, un 40% de vuestro presupuesto, así que aplicarlas. Que agradable sujeto. Ahora vamos a ver el pilar que realmente nos hace ganar dinero, que es el escalado. Por supuesto, si no dominas este pilar, te aseguro que jamás vas a poder generar más ventas con tu negocio, te vas a quedar completamente estancado. La mayoría de gente lo que hace es intentar escalar y el coste por resultados se le dispara. Esto simplemente es porque primero no tienen o no cuentan con un grupo de anuncios que trabajen a la vez en paralelo, al unísono y siguen utilizando metas como hace un año, dos años. No se han dado cuenta de que Meta ha cambiado o peor aún, siguen duplicando conjuntos de anuncios con un anuncio dentro pensando que les va a funcionar una estrategia que ya no funciona desde el año 2019. Entonces, lo primero, para poder escalar siempre necesitamos tener ese grupo de anuncios. Yo os diría que mínimo cuatro anuncios, anuncios ganadores, cada uno de ellos diferentes entre sí, cada uno atacando a diferentes micro audiencias de nuestro público objetivo. Y cada uno atacando a diferentes fases de caza mayor. Eso es lo que nos va a permitir escalar. Una vez que tengo eso, lo que tengo que hacer es lo siguiente voy a subir el presupuesto poco a poco. Dos, tres días a la semana solamente. Siempre que mi coste por resultado actual en la campaña esté por debajo de nuestro coste por resultado máximo objetivo. Esto lo tenemos que calcular siempre que nuestro coste o resultado en la campaña esté por debajo de nuestro coste por resultado máximo objetivo, lo que tenemos que hacer es ir escalando y subiendo el presupuesto. Una, dos, como máximo tres veces a la semana, un 10%, por ejemplo. Y tenemos que hacer también lo contrario, cuando de repente vemos que el coste por resultados se dispara y que ya se ha pasado de nuestro coste por resultado máximo objetivo, lo que tenemos que hacer es bajar el presupuesto un 15%. Recuerda que si quieres que revises tus campañas, solo tienes que hacer clic aquí abajo para reservar una llamada conmigo. Solamente con estas reglas, la de optimización y la de escalado, os aseguro que vuestros resultados van a mejorar y si quieres aplicar todo esto con anuncios de inteligencia artificial, te dejo este vídeo por aquí. Es un vídeo que subí recientemente a mi canal donde explico una nueva forma de crear anuncios de vídeo 100% con inteligencia artificial. Te lo dejo por aquí.

  Top Comments:
  1. @user-tj9nv7uu4p [1 likes]: Que pasa cuando se envian correos secundarios o telefonos falsos, se contamina el pixel, como se puede controlar eso?
  2. @juansiwol [1 likes]: Los 5 pilares se pueden hacer tranqui con el mcp de claude  y lo hace tan bien q asusta
  3. @Palpatlin [1 likes]: Podrías hacer un video de cómo configurar correctamente la CAPI en GHL? a nivel técnico o se puede agendar un 1:1 contigo para eso en específico? saludos!
  4. @gabriello678y [1 likes]: 0:13 dile al editor que ese clip no iba ahí
  5. @Art_styletattooOK [1 likes]: Estas ultimas 2 semana la estabilidad de las metricas fue un desastre….los CPM y cpc por las nubes y las impresiones se disparan con el alcance
  6. @OmarBekkaui [1 likes]: Eres un crack aprendo mucho de tiii
  7. @mentemillonariaonline: Como pasas del testeo al escalado, se sigue usando ABO y luego CBO, o ya dejas 1 sola campaña grande donde apagas y agregas anuncios? que estructura usas para testeo?
  8. @camilocaminavientos: Gracias
  9. @danielcamacho312: Si tengo una empresa de capacitaciones especializadas y servicios de ingeniería. Te comento un ejemplo, coloque dos anuncios uno con publico abierto y otro cerrado, a ambos les cargue el mismo presupuesto diario, la publico abierto tuvo un mensaje en el día y la publico cerrado (como siempre lo hago) obtuvo 10 mensajes en el día. Mi pregunta es cuanto tiempo tarda la campaña abierta en adaptarse, porque yo lanzo una fecha de inicio de capacitación y no puedo aspirar a que no funcione. Saludos
  10. @dianasantiago7675: excelente informacion graciassss !!!
  11. @luisgq7949: Es decir, segun entiendo (espero entender mal) el marketing automatico que siempre has explicado aqui dejo de funcionar despues de Andromeda?
  12. @luisnieto9164: Esto no funciona cuando tu negocio es un TEATRO que cada viernes y sábado  que vender 100 boletos por día. No hay tiempo de Hacer el proceso, ya que no es un producto que se venda a alrgo plazo es de decisión cada fin de semana. Cambio de obra que es cada mes cambiar de anuncios.

- Andromeda just changed Meta Ads forever: Kind: captions Language: en Andromeda is here and for some folks it is wrecking havoc on their ad accounts and for other folks it's the greatest thing ever. Hi, my name is Charlie. I've spent over a billion dollars on ads and I help anybody running ads on Facebook scale brands drive leads and make a lot more money. In this video, I'm going to break down another video from my buddy Matt, which I thought was really articulated well, and we're going to separate fact from fiction so you can go from struggle to success because honestly, that's what this is all about. So, that being said, let's get to it. Facebook made a massive algorithm update in July. And I'll tell you what, it has been wrecking havoc with business owners who advertise on Meta, including Facebook and Instagram. And in this video, I'm going to break down exactly what the change was and how to combat this so you're not left behind. All right, so let's go ahead and get started. I'm going to share my screen real quick. Okay, so the update was on Meta Andromeda. That is the AI algorithm that Meta uses to place the right ads in front of the right people. Now, this is a post from engineering at Meta. This happened on December 2nd, 2024, but it didn't fully unleash or like give it to all advertisers until July. That's why I saw some wacky things in July. I saw cost per click go through the roof on some accounts. I saw it drop like crazy for others. I saw cost per lead do the same. We had some people change strategies completely from DM ads to uh book a call funnels and vice versa because the results just were kind of wacky. Okay, now this engineering one I'm going to I'm going to summarize this. This is kind of more about the AI algorithm and the updates to it. Uh it talks about it partner with Nvidia and uh other AI developments. Honestly, I read this and it wasn't that helpful. Okay, so I found a uh another one that I think is more user friendly. So I'll link this down below. By the way, I want to agree here that uh the engineering team very rarely distributes content in a way that is terribly actionable for most advertisers. The biggest points that those docs got to um and I love that he's referencing John Loomer who's also very good at taking complex things and making it understood. Essentially what we need to understand from all of that documentation is that the algorithm update didn't actually change much of anything. What it did do was crank up the volume of the decision making. So essentially all choices are now more hyperbolic. Um and let's see what John Loom has to say about this because I value John Loomer's ability to make complex things simple. I also don't necessarily agree with the insights he brings to the table, but let's see what he has to say. >> But at a high level, like what Andromeda is doing is Facebook realized that their issue was that they had a hard time with ad retrieval. And that's essentially means they had so many ads, they had so many advertisers, they had a hard time putting the right ad in front of the right person. So what we used to do is we used to make generic hooks. And the generic hook would be like, "Hey, if you're um a busy mom trying to lose 20 pounds, here is the >> Okay. Yes, ad retrieval is really what this is about. And full disclosure, Matt, I have not watched this video. I wanted this to be completely legit and straightforward and not written and scripted and edited and stuff. This is me. You know, I asked on Twitter. You wrote back and said, "Hey, I'd be really open to it." And I really appreciate that you've been following my channel. That's why I want to get to this. Now, that all being said, ad retrieval is at the core. Yes, we've done stuff where we made generic. Now, that generic style of content is something that we've should have hopefully gotten away from since 2018, knowing that creative does the targeting. That's not something that we should have had still as a tool in our toolbox. Also, I'm gonna make a guess that this is kind of going into what we should do is a lot more pointed efforts. And I've heard a lot of people say this, so I'm going out on a limb and maybe I'm right, maybe I'm wrong. And again, unedited, right? That's what this is all about. What I've heard a lot of people say is now the machine has had so many advertisers and so many ads that we've had a retrieval issue. So, what we're going to do is make more ads so that each one has less data because a smarter machine with less information is now going to be able to deliver a better ad to a better person. And where I'm coming from, that ethos, and again, I don't know where you're going with this. Hopefully, we're on the same page. We might disagree. That's also fun. Where I'm coming from with this is that you shouldn't have had generic stuff to begin with. And if the machine is telling you it's been too complicated, so we're trying to solve a problem around the complexity, that is not an excuse to then make things more complicated. It doesn't matter how smart the machine is, that's potential. If you're setting up somebody with a lot of potential, but you give them no ability to use it, the machine is still dumb. And at some point it's like playing chess with a pigeon, right? They're going to move the pieces. They're going to knock things over. They're going to laugh about it. And then they go back to the nest and say they won. But that's a whole other conversation for another day. Let's let's figure out where you're going with this, Matt, because again, you've clearly laid out a good conversation here. 51,000 people. Congrats. Let's see where you go with this >> ad. Right. So the generic hooks worked because Facebook had a hard time with retrieval. So those bigger hooks that called out a larger amount of people actually worked better. But now we're see the reason those bigger hooks worked was because they were more generic. They were better at appealing to a broader group of people. When you look at a 4PI analysis, they had a lower frequency, lower CPM, they earned more budget. That was a great way of attracting more attention. It's not that they were better or worse than something else. A generic hook is a better tool at attracting lower qualified information at greater scale. It still is. Andromeda's update is neither better nor worse at the ability for that ad to do that job. It's just now cranked up in how much it does that job. >> Is Facebook wants more creative diversity. So, it's actually those big hooks that appeal to a lot of people aren't getting the uh cost per click, aren't getting the cost per lead, aren't getting the cost per sale, and aren't scaling like you used to. So, let me let me break. So, creative diversity, creative diversity is not an excuse to make a ton of ads. Creative diversity is not volume of ads. Creative diversity, by the way, love this little edit you've got going on in here. Uh, I love this thing. Please let me know what this is if it's in Canva or something. I'll I'll 100% rip this off and give you credit for it. I I I I enjoy your editing. Well done. Creative diversity is about matching a few different styles of ads. If you have a thousand UGC testimonials, you have one ad. If you have a million product shots talking about features and benefits, you have one ad. Creative diversity is the volume of concepts. And you can absolutely get away with four or five, maybe six. I'd argue that having more than that is counterproductive to being successful. The way I explain this often, and I did a video called uh I spent a billion dollars on Facebook and learn about testing. Um it's on the channel. You can go check it out sometime. I did in partnership with my friends at Foreplay. Shout out to Foreplay. We talk about it as the Olympic rings. You have three rings on top, two on the bottom. Now the two rings on top connect to one and then the other two rings on top connect to the other. So three here, one, three here, one. Those are five concepts. That is a tremendous amount of creative diversity. You might have a UGC testimonial. You might have a demonstrative version of the product. We're showing how it works. And then you might have a fun edited video talking about the features and benefits and why people like it, X, Y, Y, and Z. Now you got a static image potentially down here that overcomes the objection of the UGC and the demonstrative. Maybe you talk about features, benefits, pricing, structure, something like that. And then over here where you've got the features and benefits video and you know uh the demonstrative maybe there you talk about testimonials as a static. Now, those are five different concepts. That creative diversity is all you need to attract a very specific kind of user. And the way you scale a business is by getting the kind of user who's likely to spend money with you more than once. There's a very big difference between being a salesperson and having a business. Being a salesperson means you can sell a product at a profit, hopefully. Having a business means you acquire cash flow profitably in a scalable fashion. The more ads you have, the harder it is to get to the second scale, that transaction that occurs after the first one. And I've got a video coming out about second scale, and it's a whole other conversation. But the point here is creative diversity is not thousands of ads. It's not hundreds of ads. It's not dozens of ads. It's different concepts that are complementaryary to each other. And you can nail that diversity with half a dozen ads. And then you do creative testing to try to improve the quality of those elements in your investment portfolio. Break down this article down here. I think this one was was written very well. And what I'm going to do is I'm going to break down this article and then I'm going to share with you guys on my iPad exactly what we're doing from a campaign structure, number of adsets, number of ads, all of that at the end. So if if you're a nerdy media buyer like me, uh stick around until the end. Okay. So again, this will be linked in the description below. The biggest thing, like I mentioned before, is the problem was retrieval. Okay, Andromeda is the new algorithm, right? And it takes millions of ads, narrows them down to a few thousand candidates, and it does in a way that Meta claims is faster, smarter, and more personal than ever before. And again, like I mentioned, creative diversity or diversification is your new ad strategy. Okay, so creative diversity does not mean just pumping out near duplicates with minor tweaks. It's about creating a range of ads that differ in meaningful ways. So previously as an correct now I want to just double down on this new duplicates with minor tweaks creating a range. What it does not say is produce more. What it says is produce different kinds. More doesn't solve the retrieval problem. More doesn't make things simpler. Because the machine is smarter doesn't mean you should make the work more difficult. And by more difficult, what I mean is having more assets with less data. Don't leverage a smarter machine by making it dumber. Leverage a smarter machine by giving it better choices. advertiser, I would have, you know, uh, one I'd make a video ad. I'd have one body and I'd have three different hooks and then boom, there's my three ads. Well, Meta is saying, "Hey, we don't just want that. We want more diversity." So, what we're seeing and what what I've heard a lot of other >> It's not saying it wants more diversity, but I like where you want the three ads. That's a 322 ad. I love it. Let's see where you go with this. uh people in the space seeing as well is that having the ad all the way through being unique and different actually performs better than having just three different hooks. The same thing applies to static image ads. If you got that's not exactly what's being said, although it's true, it's an extrapolation with the precondition. Instead, what I want you to think about here, Matt, and everybody else watching is that the reason that different video all the way through is different should not be because there three different versions of the same sales pitch. Again, UGC, demonstrative, uh, where you're demonstrating things or features and benefits. The videos themselves, it's not like, let me let me give another example. We're using video here. If you want to have a successful movie theater, you don't just have five different cuts of some Quinton Tarantino movie. And mind you, I'm probably going to watch all of them because I'm a big Quinton fan. But you're going to have a family movie. You're going to have a kids movie. You're going to have a romantic comedy. You're going to have some epic thing from Christopher Nolan and the Quinton. That way, you're going to be able to a lot of people, but you don't need a hundred of each. like, oh well, we're gonna go see the kids movie, right? We're gonna see the romantic comedy, right? And people come to that, if you also are able to curate a vibe and a level of qualitative analysis around the movies that you choose to show in your theater, then people know, oh, I'm just going to go to that theater because they always have good movies. You see the same thing happening in my world in music. Some venues will take anybody that buys the venue. Other venues pay their performers and just curate the talent. CBGB's curated the talent to create a scene. The venue on your street in your town that has been turned over five times and it's constantly just new ownership in some bar with the stage where anybody can come up and do an open mic night is always going to go out of business because they're focused on volume. They're focused on creating a bunch of diversity, but they're handling diversity in the wrong way. Hope that helps. >> Got a white background static ad and you have a black background static ad. That's such a kind of minor near duplicates or minor tweaks. Again, this creative uh strategy and diversification that and love that. By the way, side note, backgrounds, colors. Love that he's calling that out. One of the things that I just told a consulting client yesterday, think of your concepts as just different Canva templates. They should all look and feel different. They told me, "Well, here's a hundred ads. They're all different. We're talking about the copy on it." No, these are all the same. Build me something that looks completely different. Otherwise, I just realized that they're iterations of each other. >> Drama is telling us to use it does not want us just to do that. Okay? It wants us to make more. Okay? And again, I'll share with you guys how to do that at the end. But creative diversification shows up in a few key areas, right? >> Again, it's not more as in volume. It's more as in greater differentiation amongst the volume you already have. And you're probably going to get better results with fewer v fewer number of ads with greater variation between them. They're all focused on a singular objective. Your target customer is X. Get that customer in a few different ways. Concepts and angles. So this is like what is the ad about? What's the pain point? What's the what's the hook angle that's bringing people in? It wants diversity in the formats. So it doesn't just want videos. It wants short videos, long horizontal style videos, static images, and carousels, and then personas speaking to different customer types. Um, I'm going to talk about this in in when we get down to here, but this is going to actually I I would ignore this for the time being. If you have different personas, we're going to actually need to break those out into separate adsets or campaigns. I'll talk about that again. I'll say this, you only need one or two personas to massively scale a business. The number one persona that you should be focusing on is who's the customer who comes back and spends money with me more than once. That is the most valuable customer to get. You can make a bunch of sales and focus on first order profitability. You can be a salesperson or you can run a business. Instead of trying to sell products, you're buying customers. The number one persona you should be concerned with is what does it look who is the person that comes back over and over again? What do they have in common? How do I use different angles and formats to attract that person's attention? And how do I have a diversified set of creatives so I can overcome the objections and get their attention in the right place and bring more of them? You don't want to have a thousand ads that attract a thousand people to get a thousand folks to buy once. In a perfect world, you have one type of customer. You can get a thousand of them. They're all the customers to buy three times. You can afford a much higher CAC if your customers buying over and over again. And if you say, "Well, I can't focus on that. I need to be first order profitable." What you're telling me is you're so focused on desperately getting a sale anywhere that you haven't built a good business. And if you don't have a good business, running ads ain't going to help >> at the end. But I think this kind of actually confused it a little bit. So I say the biggest thing here is that it want them separate campaigns. You also don't need to be separate adsets. The personas can absolutely exist within the same thing. Your ad should speak to multiple folks and just have that Olympic ring style. Maybe the persona over here and persona over here and the thing in the middle attacks both. And then you've got an image that kind of works on either of them. But that's all you need. That is all you need to get to five figures a day. Multiple campaigns. Remember, campaigns don't talk to each other. And your personas are not discreet. You're not just talking to completely different people. There is going to be overlap. And every bit of that overlap keeps the machine dumb. And you're focusing on attribution to make poor decisions based on retroactive data that is incomplete. You're keeping the machine dumb to justify an effort of performance efficiency on first order and that's ultimately going to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] your growth more concepts and it wants more formats so it can find the right ad for the right person because now it has that capability to do that. Okay. So what this means now is we need to stop chasing that perfect combo of >> All right. One last thing that I want to get into here real quick around the personalization. This is one of the most misunderstood things that's going on right now. It's not trying to find the best ad for the right person because every ad makes a sale on the first touch. That doesn't exist. It's trying to find the right journey through multiple touch points of ads. So, you have to remember that it's not just one ad. It's all of your ads and all of your organic content plus everybody else in your niche and everybody else marketing all collectively bringing somebody to some touch point. A creative journey is way more than one sale. It's way more than one day. It's way more than one week. The reason you bought the shoes that you're wearing right now, if you're wearing shoes, or the ones that are over by the door, isn't because of a sales pitch. You've been buying shoes potentially for decades. The point is that it is not about any one ad's ability to do a job. It's about the entire portfolio of ads working together. Now each campaign is a discrete data set that does not communicate. So each campaign is essentially competing against each other to get to the same end goal. That's where having multiple campaigns means you have a dumber machine. Only have a separate campaign if you have a separate business objective. That separate business objective better have a different KPI target. I love the idea of cash flow. Buying as many customers that are likely to buy a second time. Also profitability. Maybe you have a GPT campaign to give you a higher day one profitability so you can lose more money on the acquisition of new customers. You're essentially using this to set up, for lack of a better word, socialism that allows you to afford long flow cash flow cycles. And then maybe you have a volume of transaction device to bring down the blended CPA with the catalog ad. That's three campaigns that'll easily get you to five figures. Anything else that gets in the way of that is a liability to growth >> of the ad copy and creative and feeding just one video ad and having one hook and one headline that that day and age is over. Okay, I'm telling you right now, if you just want you don't want to use the algorithm and you just want to try to be smarter than the algorithm, you were not going to win. Meta makes billions of dollars. I think I believe billions, probably tens of billions, I don't know, but they make a lot of money. Okay? And their algorithm has so much data points on you and on all of its users. Do you really think that you're going to beat it? Do you really want to sit behind the dashboard and just pump, you know, put $10 into this ad and put $10 out of this ad and just go back and forth? That sounds exhausting. Do not do that. I'm telling you right now. Instead, what Facebook wants you to do is instead of trying to chase that combo, it wants you to load it up. It wants you to load the campaign up with multiple different ads, multiple different headlines, multiple different body texts so it can find the right one. Okay? targeting largely happens in the ad level. Now, >> so no, this is actually an argument in favor of 322 ads, flex ads, dynamic creative. It's not an argument to just spit out a bunch of things. Yes, I think you're getting to the right place, Matt. The Sorry, that was weird. Placemat. And the problem here is that the more folders you have, the more ads you have, the more ways that data can be segmented. A 100 ads with a 100 impressions is a is a bunch of things to get a data set of one. A dynamic creative with 12 variations would collect all of that information into a single place. So, I love the idea that we're not trying to find the perfect combo of ad creative and and copy. Absolutely true. That's why since 2019, we've been preaching dynamic creative, right? 322 ads that solves this problem. Then it's having the correct collection of dynamic creative of 322 ads in that little system like the Olympic rings that delivers you a consistent result of attracting the highest quality customer that's likely to spend money with you more than once. Anything gets in the way of that decision being simple to make is a liability to success. Let's go. multiple different body texts so it can find the right one. >> Oh, also don't max out your Facebook ads. It is not Google. Google, you max out the variations because it's somebody looking for you. They're you're trying to capture existing intent. In Facebook, you're not trying to capture existing intent. You're trying to curate intent. The more variations you have, the dumber each variation is. Remember, more data sets, the more things you have to support, the dumber everything is. Do you want to train a hundred sales people to all be shitty at their job? Or do you want to have three absolute [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] killers? Which one do you think is going to help you be more successful tomorrow? I've been talking about this for a while now. Um, this is just the way that it's going. Almost even now, if you are in the campaign setup and you're in an adset level and you try to target uh like a very tight-knit group, it's going to go well beyond that. So, it's not very good nowadays to uh have a very tight audience. Facebook doesn't even let you do that. So again, the ad itself does most of the targeting. >> This is since 2018. Age, gender, location, broad targeting. Anything outside of that is a severe liability to your success, including excluding existing customers. There's legitimately no reason that you should do that because also everything you're seeing here, they're going to show the ad to the person that wants to see it. They're going to show the ad to the person most likely to have a consistent, high quality experience. person that wants to buy. If someone's an existing customer and has no interest buying again, why would they show that person the ad? And let's just say, for instance, what if YOU HAVE A THOUSAND customers and it spends and it gives every one of them an impression every single day and your CPM's like 20 bucks. Well, then you wasted $20 unless any of them ever buys a second time, in which case you were still profitable. The order of magnitude of the problem makes no sense. So, I hope that helps you understand that targeting has happened at the ad level, at the creative level for seven years now. There is legitimately no reason you should be going outside of that. And the argument that people make is, well, my performance is better when I use an interest group or look alikes or XY and Z. Yes, because it's a segmented version of the broad audience and if you got rid of it, the broad audience would improve. And it doesn't matter about how one ad or one ad set functions. It's how well does this campaign work at overall providing incrementality to your business. I don't care if your performance, if your rorowaz is better because of a targeting option, if ultimately that doesn't show up on the bank account. The easiest way to get the best rorowaz ever is to only open only show your ads to people that open an email about a buy two get one free. Your rorowaz is going to be like a billion and you're going to get no extra money. Age, gender, location, that's it. I'd argue you probably don't need most of them because the ads do the targeting. Exclusions make no [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] sense. And if you say, "Well, I'm excluding existing customers because I want to find new ones." That's not going to help you find new customers. In fact, one of the easiest ways of reducing your cost for new customer is just to get rid of exclusions because it lowers all your CPMs. Instead, optimize for new customer. Make new customer the optimization event. And I've got a video on this channel. I'll link it in the description down below around incremental attribution and like how to get new customers and tools that I use because I think there's better options than what Facebook has available right now. And I lay out the timeline for that tool that Facebook is building, incremental attribution, when it's going to be a better choice. But all in good time. Let's keep going. Matt, by the way, I love your delivery here. I think you're killing it. Let's see what you got next. I don't agree with you on everything, but I love the way you're laying it out, and thank you for that. The words you say in the ad and the body copy that you have in the ad are going to put this ad in front of the right people. Facebook wants us to keep using the Advantage Plus defaults. Okay, Advantage Plus campaigns are the cleanest fit. If you guys have been in the ads manager, you've seen there's the opportunity score. It is really pushing for advantage plus. Okay, advantage plus campaign budget, advantage plus targeting, advantage plus creative, all this stuff. Okay, we need to learn how to use this. Okay, there are certain still some settings that I have turned off, but I am working more and more on how do I give this algorithm more uh leeway. And the the only way that that's going to actually work for me and for for you and everyone else here is if we have if we're optimizing for the right event. And I talk about pixel conditioning a lot, but we have to have a really healthy pixel that's only sending back qualified leads if we're going to follow this plan. If we're just going to optimize for leads or clicks or DMs, we're going to get a bunch of junk leads. Okay? Because so one note here, um I actually agree, lean into as much as you can. All things you are an advantage plus is not not options. It's a state of being. I personally also try to lean into as much as possible and I have for the last 10 years or so. Before was advantage plus was just auto bid and then it was maximize, right? There's all sorts of these other things. CBO is now advantage plus budgets, right? Auto placement is now advantage plus placements. All of that stuff. The only stuff where I'm restricting the machine, just to call it out because I agree with you, Matt, and where I'm being restrictive is I get rid of the creative optimizations. And it's primarily because that's not necessarily a tool for people driving leads and trying to make sales. Most at scale the creative optimizations and most of the advantage quest tools and this is not my words. These are coming from the engineering team and because I regularly chat with them and I've have interviews with people on the engineering team and product developers on my channel all the time. It's to make things easier for people that are starting out. It's getting everybody to be a CS marketer. But if you're an A+ marketer and you start using some of these tools, you're going to reduce your ability to do your job. It's like if a perform if a F1 if a Formula 1 driver starts driving automatic because it's easier. They're going to lose a lot of races. There's just some cheat codes that are built in. They're not necessarily built for you. Remember, Facebook is trying to optimize their experience to make it easier for people to run ads on Facebook. It's not to make people who are really good get better because the playbook hasn't really changed in seven to eight years. What you're supposed to do is basically been the same for the better part of a decade. They're making it easier for everybody that isn't quite there yet. Also, uh the advantage plus version of broad is different than normal broad. But if you go down to the audience section, your ad layout, your ad account layout will have a different few options, but you can do uh further limit the reach and then it'll bring you up into the original audiences section. And then you just put age, gender, location. It will actually be a broader version of broad or there's there's other options in there. But if you go down in there, you are not stuck to advantage plus broad. And advantage plus broad is basically broad targeting with engaged shoppers interest group laid on top of it or behavior laid on top of it. That's a whole other hack from like 2020. But don't worry about it. It's going to send us volume. So we have to learn how do we filter out and create more friction in our ads and through our process to allow the advantage plus to work for us. Because if we're optimizing for leads or messages, we need to get quality leads coming in, not just total volume of leads. If we don't specify that, that's what we'll get. Okay. And number four is simplify your structure. Okay, there are very few reasons to over complicate campaign structure and you you need a different campaign for each goal, but you may may not even need that anymore. You will rarely need multiple adsets for targeting and you'll rarely need multiple adsets. I think that's and you'll really I think they just did a duplicate here. Uh the heavy lifting happens at the ad level. Okay, so this is what I'm going to talk about at the end cuz I think this I spent so much time this past week trying to figure out what's the best campaign structure and I'm going to share it with you from what I found. You know the crazy part of this? I I had a call with my meta rep. She had no training on this. She's like, "I've been learning myself. I've been trying to get other people." By the way, best campaign structure is this. One campaign, an ad set with your winning ads, and then one or two ad sets with dynamic creatives or flex ads. This is a control and then a variable. This is the scientific method. This is what got us from riding horses to the moon in a generation or two. There's absolutely no reason that a data based machine learning algorithm built by engineers shouldn't leverage the scientific method. That sticky note is half a decade old and has been the strategy that has helped me take a ton of businesses to eight figure exits, nine figure runways, and has taken me personally from somebody working a six-f figure job to owning two homes, one in LA, one in New York, and um paying more in taxes than I got paid at my jobs. Anyway, let's keep going to learn about it. They're not, they haven't made an announcement about this, nothing. So, if you're just, you know, talking to your meta rep or you have like a a business coach who's not in on this stuff or marketing coach and still teaching the old same old [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] strategies, you're going to be left behind. All right, so keep going here. Now, ad limits. So, there was a time where Meta would only suggest six ads per ad set. Uh there were times where we only said, you know, one ad per ad set. Like back in the day, we would just force one ad in front of one audience to test it out. Nope. Uh we then went from there to three and then it went to six. Now now that recommendation has disappeared. I know people who have 50 ads in an adset and it's working. Okay. Now this is where it gets complicated and that's what I'm going to show you at the end. It's going to be super cool. But um yeah, so if you guys want to read the rest of this, let's go ahead and read it. But I'm going to share with you guys now on my screen, which I'm very excited about. >> It's working is subjective. And I will say this, I also know folks running 50 ads in an adset. and it's working. What we have found is that folks that have not previously leaned into creative diversity are doing so in a better way. So, they're getting wins by hitting more of that Olympic ring setup that we talked about. And if you go from going east when you're trying to go west and all you do is change direction, that's great. That's a win. If you stop digging, you're going to stop making things worse. And not making things worse is a great way to get better. But I will also say, most people that are doing this are doing this coming out of the summer into the fall. And there's a very large macroeconomic issue here. The amount of false positives of people saying, "Well, I'm running 50 ads and it's so much better." Most of them were running ads in a very bad way. So now, even though they're still doing the wrong thing, they're doing it in a structure that allows them to be dramatically improved. But they're also doing it where they're comparing when people are buying more to when people were buying less. The summer is the worst period of the year for all commerce. It has been for well over a hundred years. The fall is when people start to spend more money. When you compare the results of July and August, the worst times of the year, to September and October, where things get dramatically better, that test inherently, if you did nothing, everything would get better. The fact that you went from doing the wrong thing in the wrong way to doing the wrong thing but in the right way while everything gets better will the val will give you the validation that you're making the right moves. And it's not that you're doing the it's not that you're not improving. It's that you are, but there's still so much room to go. And the reason you're winning has far more to do with the landscape and the macroeconomic conditions of just consumer behavior. But I do appreciate that folks are starting to throw way more ads and single ad sets and single campaigns instead of having wildly complicated ad accounts with a bunch of campaigns that don't talk to each other that are all competing. So wins where they are, but let's understand the backdrop of those wins to put them into context. Anyway, let's keep going. that the campaign structure of how we're going to be testing this again. Um, this is all new to us, too, right? This happened in July. We didn't know about it really until September, not know about it. We, by the way, I'm going to drop the same links into my link as well as the link to his video. So, if you want any of this stuff, it's going to all be right down below. So, don't you worry. I'm not gatekeeping anything. This is all about just championing Matt who clearly hit on something and then giving some critique cuz I asked you all if you wanted to see it and overwhelmingly you said yes. We let things ride for the month of August. It's September. I made changes to it last week. So again, there's a lot of changes that are happening and as we learn more we'll share more. Okay, so let's jump in. Okay, so previously I'm going to say the old way right here. Okay, so this is the the old way of running ads. We had a campaign. Okay. And then we had >> one quick note. Huge applaud to Matt for being this transparent. I love it. This is what the world needs. More transparency and more context. So, just phenomenal work, Matt. Thank you very much for that. Now, let's get into the campaign structure. Side note, my campaign structure basically hasn't changed in over five years. I'm interested to see what you have. Multiple ad sets inside. Okay. I'm going to call ad set one, add set two, add set three. And often times the old old way is we just had one ad inside. Add one, right? Add one, add one. So we would do this because we were trying to figure out what's the best audience to serve these ads in front of. So this was like kind of step one. Once we found the best ad set, then the step two would be a very similar structure. So I'll just put C for campaign. Then what we would do is we would do potentially even like you know yeah ad set one and that was let's just say this was the winner ad set one same thing ads set one these parentheses just mean adset one adds one and then we would even launch just like individual ads so it was like add one add two add three and you know we were just trying to force a specific ad in front of a specific audience. Now, just to be clear, this old way was like 20 uh 2019 through like 2022ish way. And then in 2023, things started to change a little bit. They started to come out with some of this more advantage plus stuff. And we made some changes. And then here is kind of the the more traditional way that I see a lot of people run ads now. So old. >> Side note, I absolutely used to run this stuff. Although for me this was 2024 to but absolutely did the same thing. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] all the way is way. All right. The oldish way was we'd have a campaign. Okay. And then inside of here we had ad set one, ad set two, ad set three. Okay. So these are just like multiple different ad sets inside. And what we would do, we found worked really well was we had the campaign budget set at the campaign level. So if I put like, you know, $1,000 a day in here and I said, "Hey, I'm optimizing this for calls." What I would used to do in this old way, oldish way was um each of these adsets here, right, were like proven audiences. And I I typically would launch like a new concept, okay, a new concept in each of these. Okay, so each of these new concepts could be like, hey, I'm going to do a B-roll ad. All right, so it's a B-roll ad and that's just let's just say that's ad set one, right? This is to a proven audience and this would be B roll one and then there would be B roll two and then there would be B roll three, right? And let's say ads set two was a drawing video, right? So I'm using my iPad drawing one, drawing two, and then drawing three, right? And then you know, same thing for this. This could be like talking head, right? So, I'm just say talking head one, talking head two, talking head three. So, this was how I used to run ads all the way up until this point. This was I'm going say oldish way. This is Yeah, let's just say up until before Andromeda. So, let's just go 20 20 23 to now as in before. Okay, my handwriting is beautiful. All right, so this is what we were we're running. And this was super simple because all I had to do is just every time I had an >> side note, this is a lot of what we're talking about right here. Only he's using individual post ids instead of using dynamic ads. And this is still not leveraging the scientific method. This is a whole bunch of individual points. So this oldish way has nine individual ads that are running within a campaign. So the way that this works is the campaign is choosing which ad set to spend on. The ad set is choosing which ad to spend on. Each ad set has three ads in it. And so it's making a choice of which ad to show, but each ad being its own landing page with its own clickthrough rate and bounce rate and stickiness and all of that stuff because every ad is a landing page on the platform of Facebook and Instagram. They're all individual data points. So we have nine different buckets that data can go into. Each ads, if you think of those as sales pitches, each ad set is a salesperson. Then the campaign is choosing which salesperson to show to get to give the the budget to. The problem with this is that none of these are well-rounded. So there's no control. They're all variable testing. There's nothing to say these are the amalgamations of all the things where we know how they're going to behave and the combination of which is something that is good for us that we can project. And really, the talking head might work, the drawing might work, the B-roll might work, but now you're starting to you're still getting into a better place of allowing the campaign to make the choice, but there's nothing to say the campaign has absolute certainty around what a combination of events might be and then the ability to test new ideas against it. This is still a reactionary way of running things. It's better than the old way than the old old way. But the primary issue here is built is is that ultimately what we have built is a structure that doesn't have a known and everything is reactive on the next. So to put it in context, your B-roll videos might be great in the beginning of the week and then a talking head video works and then something else happens outside of it. So your drawings start to pick up and then the distribution of asset of of your investment between these different ads and the ad sets is all based around things that you can't control which is fine. The problem is because we don't have any collection of assets that cover that creative diversity in one place. We can't have the campaign say, "Well, we're going to be able to distribute amongst the B-roll, the drawing, and the talking head in one single adset where we're going to be able to manage that balance for you and then test things against it to see if we can make that balance better. So instead of having a control with three variables, it's just three variables that are reactionary to outside forces. So it's a better system, but it still doesn't tap into the scientific method. So, it's close. But if it was me setting this thing up, I would have the best B-roll, drawing, and talking head videos all in one adset. So, the campaign says, "This is my best salesperson. I know how they're going to perform. I'm going to hire another salesperson and let them see if they can contribute." That would say we have a control element and then we launch a variable and we can measure how that variable impacts the control. That is the scientific method that will allow us to understand what happens to our bank account because we launch a new test. This doesn't allow you to make that same analysis. It's just saying based on the balance today, what is our performance? But we can't say we know performance is more or less going to look like. How does that impact change when we launch something new? And that's the big discrepancy here. But we're very close. That's super nerdy stuff, but that's the whole point of this video is Matt is being very forthcoming. And he also, for the record, reached out to me on Twitter and said, "I'd love to see it." And even in the comment section of this video, I said, "Let's make things simple. Doing it the wrong way only got worse." And he said, "Thanks for your comment, man. Love your stuff. Been following for a while." So, like, this is just respect from person to person here. All right? I'm not trying to beat him up. And I just want to kind of give context. All right, let's keep going. >> New concept or a new idea, I would just launch a new ad set with that concept inside. And if Facebook liked it, it would spin on it. If it wouldn't, it wouldn't. Well, all that has changed now because as we just saw out here, the issue that Facebook was having was figuring out which of these ads to be served to what person. Now, here's the problem with that. And and I totally get where you're coming from, Matt. The problem is you weren't able to say this is my problem. Let me test to solve it. You just I have a new idea. Does it make things better? Those are two very different things. One is a pointed understanding of a hypothesis, a testing framework, and then proving out whether you're right or wrong, and the measuring the impact. The other one, which you currently have here, is the oldish way, and I'm excited to see the new one, and I'm glad you went thin head, by the way. Um, this one is I have a new idea. Let me throw it into the randomizer and see if the output is good. That's just not as valuable and actionable a way of testing. >> Now with Andromeda, this is all changing. So now the new way, okay, so this is the new way to run ads is this. Okay, we have campaign. Okay, and let's say this this is for a uh let's just say it's the VSSL campaign. So this is like, you know, you're running ads to a free training so people would learn about what it looks like to work with you, your process, and you saw them at the end, right? It's a VSSL. Okay, VSSL. And then we do this one ad set. And then we have 10 to 50 ads in that one adset. And this ad set is broad. Okay, broad. And it really wants you to use Advantage Plus. Now, again, we're we're working on on doing this. If you guys have been in there, they've actually added value rules to this recently. So, what I've been doing, I've been using Advantage Plus audiences, but I've added a value rule. Okay, I've added a value rule for this adset. So, there's it's broad target. >> All right, before he gets off into the value rules and everything else, what I want to point back to is basically what Matt is building is this winner's adset. That's what you're doing. That's what that's what Matt is building. This entire thing is a very convolute complex way of getting to this proven winners section. The problem is you don't know if the ads that get spend are good or bad. And so you're just waiting for the the account to spend through all of the ads and then hopefully at the end the ones that were good got budget and the ones that suck you turn off. But it's going to take you a long time to get between 10 and 50 ads. And ultimately maybe the ad that sucked is the one that's filling the funnel. When you turn it off things get worse. There's just so many permutations that it's almost impossible for the machine to understand what's good and bad. And if we understand that the customer journey is how and the personalization is how somebody moves through being shown all of the ads that you have for instance well 12 ads is one number right that's about 497 million 50 ads is a number with over 50 commas. There are not enough people in the world for the machine to get an impression of one across all those different variations. And by the time you even got to that point, if you could, it would be another week, another month. The outside forces on the account would dramatically change. And that's to get a data set of one, much less anything close to statistical significance. So, I think we're on the right path. Basically, what you're building is the winner's ads set. What I would encourage is instead of having 10 to 50 ads, use the ones that you already know that they work. And then really the rest of the campaign is to try to improve the the fewest moving parts that you can make them better. It's the weakest link principle. If you want to make a chain stronger, you don't add more links. You take the weakest link and you make it stronger and then you just add more load. That's how you solve this problem. And again, I've got way more videos coming out on this stuff, but I don't want to get too derailed because Matt's about to go off on some other stuff, I think. And I value what he's going on here, but just context where it's due. Okay, let's keep going. There's no interests. There is a minimum age set at the age of 25. 25 age. And then what I've done here is I put a value rule on this. And the value rule is to decrease bid by 90%. For I'm just going to put it this way for old people, okay? [laughter] Cuz I found that people I I don't know I I run, you know, learn how to run Facebook ads, but there is people 55 65 plus who are engaging on my ads. And I was like, you know, I want to give Facebook, you know, this advantage plus audience, but I don't want any of these old people to opt into my stuff. So, what I'm doing here is I just added a value rule and uh you can decrease the bid by 90% for old people or whatever age range you want. You could do the same thing for gender, you could do the same thing for location, etc. But this is what I'm currently testing right now to um to combat that. He's effectively in a creative and fun way, which clearly he's enjoying and and I enjoyed doing it too a year ago when I was doing this stuff when it was coming out in beta. you're setting up exclusions. If your content appeals to those people and it's a problem, the content is the issue. If the way that you exclude bad folks is to further add cost and complexity, [clears throat] I'd argue that you have an ad problem. If we know the ads suit the targeting and the targeting is bad, fix the ad. >> You know, I could probably still just go in and turn off, you know, go like limit further reach of ads on the ads. >> Age, gender, location. Matt, love it. >> That level and then when I do that, I could just set age range and turn off the suggestion. But I'm giving this a shot now. Just wanted to share that. But this is the new way and we're just going to launch ads on a consistent basis inside of here. Now, the problem with this is the learning phase, okay? It's something that we used to be worried about, right? Because every time I add a new ad into my adset, it re-enters the learning phase. And if the learning phase decreases performance or it makes it reset the whole thing and you have a winning campaign, that could be a problem because what I would do with this with this concept here is I would just do new concepts. I would do this like two to three times per week. Yeah. More like most of the time, two, right? Right. So I >> the learning phase doesn't decrease performance. The learning phase is the way of the machine telling you it has enough data to have statistical significance and confidence in delivering a consistent user experience. When you add new ads in, when you massively ramp up the permutations, it no longer has that statistical significance. You're not trying to avoid the learning phase by hacking it. The learning phase is a signal that you've made too many choices. Again, that's why this structure works really well because the learning phase goes into here. It doesn't go into your winners. Your variables have to overcome the uncertainty in order to be contributing to the bottom line, but your control doesn't. The problem with this style of testing is that ultimately every time you want to try a new idea, you risk the stability of the entire business. That's a pretty high risk move for very low reward. new new set of ads I worked on that morning or you know I was in Canva made some ads go in the ad set launch them go in the ads set launch them but the problem with that this worked fine because the learning phase happens at the ad set level okay but if we're launching ads inside of a new ad why are we launching ads this often and this brings us down to why do we launch new ads if your results are good enough to increase your budget don't launch new ads If you have ads that earn spend and your performance isn't good enough, turn off the ad that is contributing to that detriment. Removing complexity is a better solution than making the system dumber. More ads equals dumber. More places that you have to invest with less data behind them is a dumber machine. I don't care about the potential of Andromeda and of the machine learning. If you have a ton of potential, but you haven't been trained, you're underleveraged. [clears throat] The idea of creating more complexity, to further underleverage a machine as a way of solving a problem to me makes no sense. It's so much easier to remove bad choices and to then understand where your weakness is to insert a stronger option to improve your weakest link because at the end of the day, I don't want a thousand different types of people. I already have my ideal customer, those personas. If I have one or two of those, if I have three of those, that's easy enough for me to get to six figures a week. If you have five personas, you're going to probably struggle. If you have 10 personas, you can probably struggle to get to six figures a month. specialists make more money. This is a generalist approach at seeing what gets lucky existing adset. It's going to reset the phase where over here if I just launched an ad in a new like I launched a new ad set, sure the learning phase would start, but it wouldn't affect the older campaigns. Now that's not the case. So when I launched the ad set, it resets the learning phase. So, what I'm going to do, at least this is the plan, is instead of dropping the new creatives two to three times per week, I'm going to drop creative one to two times per month, right? One to two times per month, drop 10 to 50 ads inside adset. Okay? And then once I drop them and I publish them, right? So, if I drop them and publish them, let's just say I've got 50 ads at the start of the month that are that are live. 50 start and then every day I check that campaign and what we're looking for. >> OKAY. I LOVE WHERE YOU'RE GOING, MATT. WE'RE GETTING THERE TOGETHER, BUDDY. I LOVE IT. >> Are ads that are just not spending. Okay. So, >> inside of a new ad set and specifically only make those 10 to 50 focused on the the problem that you have. I've got prospecting ads, I got retargeting ads. I can understand that by a 4PI analysis. Only launch new ideas to solve the problem that I have. Don't just launch a bunch of new ideas because you had fun in Canva. ads that are not spending means Facebook doesn't like them. So, you know, let's just say if I if I started with 50, this looks like so I started with 50 to start. At the end of week one, maybe I've got 40 left, right? And then the next week goes by, then I'm down to 30 left. And then maybe I'm down to 20 left of like the ones that are spinning and are performing decently, right? So then when I'm working on my drops, I'm going to look at these 20 and say, what's the common theme? I wouldn't turn off ads that don't spend. I would turn off ads where the CPA is above average and the GPT is below, where it costs more money to get something of lesser value. The things that don't spend might be valuable. The things that earns budget early are the ones that based on existing data, the machine had higher confidence in the ability to deliver a consistent result. The problem with this style is that you're going to be stuck basically serving ads to the same folks over and over again. you're going to struggle to find new customers because you're prefacing the machine to only focus after the data you already have. So, this is a far less incremental approach because you're effectively punishing any incrementality by turning off the ads that don't get spent. Is there anything that I think I could do better? Right? And then are there new angles that I could also hit with this? So, I'm going to just put like first would be, you know, creative refresh and this is again finding winners and make more. Okay, make more. Side note here, if your performance is good, don't turn off an ad. If you've solved the problem of can I spend more money, the worst thing you could do is change the investment portfolio. If you have a machine that works, don't fix the machine because you don't have a You need to create a problem of adding load or more spend to see where it breaks. But if it's not broken, don't fix it. >> More. When I say make more, just like we talked about earlier, like it wants creative diversification in formats. So, if I have a winning video, can I turn that into a carousel? Can I take that same same winning creative video and make it into a static? So, I'm going to do that and I might even just take the same script and film it in a different area. So, the first thing I'm going to do is if there's 20 left, probably about like let's just say I'll probably make creative refresh, I'll redo about 10 to 20 that are creative refresh already proven angles, right? And then the other >> that would be a great example by the way Matt of when we talk about the Olympic rings the three rings on top and then uh the ones the two below. If you have a video here a static of this video would serve as the second touch the retargeting ad of this thing and might also fit this ad. So you're going on the right approach. We're really close man. I I I love where you're going with this. I we're we're getting there. We're we're we're getting there. I like it. Let's keep going. part would be maybe 10 I'm say 10 let's say 10 new angles same script different area that is not diversity that is iterative without diversity you might launch a hundred of those reason one ad is good or bad might just be random distribution around which one gets a sale early and which one gets good comments try it a hundred times your winner is going to be different every single time >> right 10 new angles two 10 different types of ads that could hit on different pain points um and test those out. All right. So again, that month would drop and then I would have 50 ads to why very clearly what you've said is we've gone from 50 down to 20. These are all the ones that work. Of the ones that work, why are we trying them again? What's likely to happen is you're going to manufacture ad fatigue. you launch tw 10 to 20 new versions, those ads that are more or less the same as the ones that were running are going to more or less appeal to the same people that the ones that were running were. But because they're new, the machine is going to show those to warmer audiences that are more likely to convert because the machine is going to test new ads against people that it thinks are going to perform well because it wants to see, well, we know how the people are going to behave. How do they like the new thing? Well, if the new thing looks a lot like the old thing, then the people are probably going to behave good. Great. That new ad's going to win. And what happens as a result? Well, you're not providing incremental results, the new ad wins because the old ad doesn't. The same sale instead of going here goes to here. So, you're manufacturing ad fatigue instead of moving the business forward. You're not solving problems, you're creating duplicity that manufactures a problem. You're not creating pro. You're not solving problems, you're creating them in a way that doesn't really move the business forward. [snorts] And I would argue that um that's detrimental to progress >> start and I would just keep doing that. So go 50 down throughout the month to you know 20 to 30 and then again. >> So the question here is why why are we not doing 322 ads when you have 10 new angles or 10 new ads. What you're doing is saying I'm going to put 10 individual pieces where the information goes into different folders. Those are 10 things that are competitive. 10 cannibalistic investments instead of one 322 ad or in this case maybe three 322 ads three creative two primary text two headlines 322 where all the iterations are complimentary it's an ad that is learning around each permutation and if the point is not to just find winning ads but to improve the business I'd rather have fewer ads that are smarter that are able to be complimentary and compound in value and data than pretend they're all cannibalistic. This is how we compound machine learning versus setting ourselves up to chase wins. And I would love for you to not be dependent on the winning ad nearly as much as build a machine that can leverage really good data. And that's the big difference between launching individual posts and using dynamic ads. And you've already said they don't want the individual copy and creative, right? You're not trying to permutate these things out. So set up the machine to make the permutations for you. So instead of 10 new angles, do three. Or more importantly, instead of 10 new ads, do three 322 ads or maybe nine angles. The semantics on the numbers don't really matter. But the point here is instead of setting up 10 different buckets of data, 10 different end points that are not communicating, do three where each one of them is four times or 12 times as as intelligent. That's how you really begin to lean into the Andromeda instead of this setup which is still shoehorning for lack of a better word. This is how you force search and email best practices into a social media platform and we just don't exist in that space anymore. It's the right solution but for a completely different place. Re replenish what I I've cropped off. Okay. So, hope that makes sense. Um that's what I'm going to be doing. And have you guys heard what I was talking about there of like I'm going to cut ads when they don't get any spend. So because the way this is set up with one advantage plus and 10 to 50 ads in here, notice there is no top offunnel. So no topofunnel slash middle ofunnel slashbottomofunnel split. Okay, that doesn't exist. So with this new strategy, what we're seeing is that uh inside of the adset, the ads work together, right? So you might have a top offunnel ad, right? Then you also might have a middle ofunnel ad and then you also might have a bottom offfunnel ad. Again, this is creative diversity, right? So like if we look at this setup, we put all the ads that we have in here because with this new algorithm update, what what we're noticing is these ads here, they work together. Okay, they work together where previously when I had, you know, this ad set one, ad set two. Now, I don't know if Matt goes into this, but you can absolutely understand this with a 4PI analysis, which is spend, frequency, CPM, and efficiency. Top of funnel ads generally earn more budget, have a lower daily frequency, and a lower CPM, and are less efficient. Bottom of funnel or lowerfunnel ads generally earn less spend, have a higher daily frequency. Remember, frequency only matters when breaking down by day. Frequency over a week or over a month doesn't mean anything. They generally have a higher daily frequency. So, for instance, if you have a frequency of 1.05, 05. That means 5% of people saw that ad twice a day. 95% of that spend was prospecting. If you have a frequency of 1.5, that means 50% of people saw that ad twice a day. 50% of that spend was retargeting. Well, 95% prospecting versus 50% retargeting. Those sit in different places of the funnel. The one with the 1.5 frequencies probably going to have a higher CPM because it's a lower quality user experience to a higher quality audience. And as a result, it's going to have a better efficiency. The mix is having top upper and lower funnel ads. And then the entire purpose of creative testing is to see which one of these ads isn't doing its job well and can I improve that weakest link. Launching a thousand ads just disrupts that entire architecture of which ads get shown in which way. So launching 50 new ads basically says I got how to do the job. So now what I'm going to do is completely destroy all of that by throwing in a bunch of new ideas. That is manufacturing instability by forcing spend on unproven assets. It's forcing you to more heavily invest in uncertainty which is the opposite of having consistency and scalability in your ad platform. Two ad set three and they were all launched together. They were all independent. Sure. I'm sure Facebook shared some of that data back and forth, but not that much. Right? So now when we have this set up here and we're launching all these new ads, you might say like, "Holy cow, that's a lot." We can actually have ads inside of here that are more top of funnel, right? Top of funnel would be things like your personal story, right? Your personal story. Hey, here's how I got into this, right? I used to be 20 pounds overweight. I tried this thing. Blah blah blah. Right? that we could even have a value, you know, a value ad with a soft CTA, right? And then middle of funnel is going to be more direct with, you know, click this link, get this thing, more direct with CTA for lead magnet. And then bottom of funnel would be more testimonials. Okay? There's there's a lot of other ways we could do this, but let's say they're all driving still to the same funnel. I'm not going to get into uh you might there might be an opportunity or an argument here where we have different funnels inside these campaigns as long as they're optimized for the same thing. I'm not testing that yet, but that might be a play here. Okay, again, pretty crazy. But I I would still drive like all this would be to like a VSSL funnel, right? So like top of funnel, personal story longer, talk about your experience, then drive to VSSL value ad. Hey, here's three ways to do this thing. If you want to see more, click this link. Middle of funnel, hey, if you're struggling to get X, Y, and Z and you want this, go click this video and watch this thing more around the pain and problem. Bottom of funnel, you know, here's how I help so and so do X, Y, and Z. Go watch my Generally speaking, by the way, top of funnel is the broader hook. Lower funnel is a more narrow one. Generally speaking, videos are more appealing to a broader sense of people. You might really enjoy a video but have no intent or sentiment around the product. You'll watch it anyway. But if you get served a static ad about buy this thing right now, it only appeals to the people that are already aware. Context is what matters when it comes to understanding where in the funnel an ad is being served VSSL. Right? So they're all as of right now, my recommendation is that we're all driving to the same uh lead magnet. Again, after a little bit of time, that may change. Okay, so this is the campaign structure that we're going to be testing. One campaign, one ad set, very broad, and just keep launching new creatives in here. And again, we're going to do that a frequency of one to two times per month to uh prevent the ads set from going into the learning phase too many times. Okay, you can have as many ads as you want in this. Again, the biggest thing here is creative diversity. Okay, we're not doing >> it won't change >> this super controlled way anymore. It just doesn't work. This way can still work. Okay, this can still work. I'll be honest and transparent. This one could absolutely work. It does help you organize things better, but there's probably going to be a performance decrease because these adsets here, and again, if you just launch a separate ad set specifically to test the ideas that solve the problems of your winning ads to overcome the weakest link, your control ad set will never go into the learning phase. So, you'll never face a problem of risking the entire future of your business to try a new idea. In my opinion, a lot of creative testing has way more to do with the feelings of the marketer than the results of the bank account. This would be an example of where we could make an improvement. >> Okay? You can have as many ads as you want in this. >> More ads equals dumber. More luck, longer time. You can have as many ads as you want. Just know that the more ads you have, the harder it is going to be for you to have an understanding of what any of them is doing to your bank account and the more difficult you are making it for the machine to have any certainty of what to do with the ads for you and the more disruptive to what already works. So more ads equals dumber machine. More ads equals less money. Solve the problems you have. Don't create new problems. That's generally how you move forward. Again, the biggest thing here is creative diversity. Okay, we're not >> creative diversity is not thousands of ads. It's hitting a few points that are not completely the same. Remember the Olympic rings >> are not working together like they are in our new uh our new way. All right, so that's what I got in this update, guys. I hope you guys enjoyed this video. if you guys. >> So, I really appreciate how Matt laid out his inferences of what is changing in his strategy and I love his transparency. Now, if you want to see my transparency on how I and take the information that I have to build $100,000 a day ad accounts, how to get you from a couple hundred a day to a couple thousand or from a couple thousand a day to well over five or six figures. Here's a video right here for you. I've built it for you. This is the entire blueprint. This is the playbook to help you get to where you want to go. And I really hope you enjoy it. It is jam-packed, detailed with a ton of screen shares and just step-by-step instructions. So, until next time, I'll see you on the internet. Bye.

  Top Comments:
  1. @marburyno03 [6 likes]: I'm only 21 minutes into this video and I already want to thank you for making this video. I know these marketers mean well but their explanations of Andromeda have been impossible to comprehend due their lack of technical prowess on the subject. Obviously they know slightly more than me due to ad volume but their explanations prove they are still just throwing stuff against the wall to see what sticks. Not knocking them, just hate that this confusion has been bogging me down. I also think you do a great job of not humiliating the other person and politely reframing. So thanks, lol. back to the video.
  2. @BožidarMaletić [3 likes]: Voted "Yes" for you to do a review of this viral video and I'm enjoying every minute of it! See you in the next live Professor!
  3. @hashamshafqat [2 likes]: The white frame you're pulling everytime..., can you refer to a video that explain that campaign structure that you mentioned in that frame.
  4. @nickboddington1 [2 likes]: Fantastic video Professor, regards the doctor!
  5. @EoinEverard [2 likes]: 17:54 say the you are selling the same product but it can have different use cases back rehab vs at home pilates for fitness, should they be in the same campaign?
  6. @NewLancelot7 [1 likes]: How has andromeda affect catalog ads now? Should I be changing the images on my store?
  7. @buti8484 [1 likes]: charlie for a new business with no customers is it smart to create bof ads at the start or only tof? thank you for all the info youre giving ❤
  8. @hashamshafqat [1 likes]: Love your content... I'm running local lead gen ads for a property buyer company in UK, and in every campaign I face very odd spend distribution for all ads (I use abo). Can you suggest a good structure of number of ads and adsets in each campaign!
  9. @navjotsingh9796 [1 likes]: Hey Charley, Can you please help with how I should do the grouping of creatives in flexible? Like based on the concepts or unique concepts for your multiple products. And when we are testing the creatives in the testing adset and found the winner so should we just copy paste to scaling adset ?
.
  10. @abrahamsantana1016 [1 likes]: What if the persona is high ticket that only buys once? How can you optimize for that idea of only needing one or two personas? I'm talking about the real estate industry, not retail on market catering to agents. I'm talking about direct to seller, off market were they only have one property they will likely ever sell you.
  11. @RichFD2O25 [1 likes]: Goat.🐐
  12. @jskrbk [1 likes]: 1x adv+ sales campaign and 2 ad sets:
- 10% of budget just for current customer
- 90% of budget just for new customers

Both have bascially the same ads with load, load of social proof from comments/likes/shares
  13. @dmitriypetrychuk2743 [1 likes]: Charlie, with dynamic Ads you  
can not do customize the format. 4x5 and 9x16. Lots of concepts look bad in feeds with 9x16. How do you overcome it? And why not 3 separate ads instead of 1 flexible?
  14. @inderdeepsingh502 [1 likes]: Hi Charlie, you said in this video that you'd turn off not the ads which don't get any spend but the ones who got but CPA & GPT was higher. What if the ad was top of the funnel and complimenting other ads? How do i diagnose that
  15. @jeffreypircher5095 [1 likes]: I’m so mad at Mark Zuckerberg right now.
  16. @inderdeepsingh502 [1 likes]: Hi Charlie, do you think creating two campaigns separately for male and female makes sense as talking to them through different ads related to their personal problems or that also might hurt the performance?
  17. @alexanderzuniga87 [1 likes]: I have been doing things the wrong way and follow x amount of gurus advice on this new update and mainly meta ads in general and all of it is being debunked in this video! Thank you so much! I am hoping this increases my business sales and customer list. You've gained a new follower. 🙂
  18. @mkingscott [1 likes]: Great video, i learnt a lot. On the exalted 3:2:2 ad, how do i see the most effective image? The breakdown by product id or image never works for me... Thanks again 👍
  19. @hireloyal: charlie logic: meta machine is too limited that it wouldn't be able to handle your multiple creatives, just wow, he wil negate everyone and wouldnt share his guide until you pay him

i watched community live of friday and still he referred to his paid course
]
  20. @FahadAhmadKhan-u4w: @drmattshiver

- If You Run Under 10 Ads Weekly, Watch This Video: Kind: captions Language: en If you're running less than 10 ads per week in your ads manager, you're leaving millions of dollars on the table. And after scaling businesses to seven, eight, and nine figures. And after managing over $20 million in profitable advertising campaigns, I've discovered that 99% of advertisers, they're stuck in what I would call a creative scarcity trap. They think that running three to five proven ads is enough. But the businesses that are hitting $10 million per year, they're doing something completely different. And once you understand the new way of running ads that actually grows your business, your cost per acquisition will drop and your revenue will increase. Because I'm on a mission to help you scale to 10 million per year using propaganda content. Over the next few minutes, I'm going to break down the exact ad strategy that you can execute today to help you scale to new levels. So, let's dive right into the 8 figureure content strategy. So, the first thing you need to be made aware of, and I've talked about this in a lot of videos, is Andromeda. This is the AI system, one of three, that Meta has released. It's 10,000 times more powerful than before. Think of it like the matchmaker for a dating app. It's analyzing tens of thousands of pieces of content across 3.35 daily billion active users. like literally hundreds of thousands of pieces of content because when you launch an ad now, it adds all these AI amplifications. So, these are all now different versions of ads. So, it has to be significantly more powerful than it was before so that it can match the best ad with that user that it thinks that is going to resonate the best with it. In order for this to do its job, it requires creative diversification. The old strategy was three to four creatives per week, relaunch when they fatigue, and now the new way is you need 10 to 15 or more completely unique creatives. And I'm going to actually say diverse because a unique creative doesn't mean that it's diverse. It just means it's unique. For example, you can have like five static ads, one red one, one blue, one green one, one purple one, one orange, whatever. And you can say all those are are unique, which they are. They're different colors, but they're not diverse. Diversification to meta is diverse messaging. Now, how are you going to know that you're being punished by this? You're generally what you're going to see is your CPMs are going to go up, your CTRs are going to go down. I actually was just auditing a friend's agency. They're actually a content agency and they think they had a really good ad account. I was ask team and and you know, I was just asking some questions and none of it made sense. First of all, the first thing I saw that they were doing wrong is they had the wrong diversification. They had the wrong optimization in the campaigns. They said they wanted schedules. I go in and I see they're not even optimizing for schedules. If you go and look at the ads manager, they were optimizing for leads, which I'm not saying that that's a wrong thing to do. But if you want schedules and you want people to book on your calendar to learn about what you're doing and then you're telling Facebook that you want leads, that's like it doesn't make any sense. That's like saying, "I want purchases, but then I'm going to run a lead form to get those purchases and redirect everybody to the purchase page." you know, like let's just set up the campaign. Let's tell Meta exactly what I want. Remember, it has like a trillion dollar company. It knows everything about these users. Let's let it give it what it knows is going to do best. So many people think they're smarter than these platforms, and I never understand that. So, they had the wrong optimization. Then, they were running outdated practices where they just had all this diver the these campaigns. They were just competing on themselves. And they had unique content. They had lots of content that created volume, but it lacked the diversification. It was all saying, "We do this one thing, we do this," but it was just packaged all these different ways. If you want this, if you want this, if you want this one thing that we do, this specific type of content, it doesn't do any good. That's the old way of doing ads, simply put. And when you do it that way, and the old way, what happens is ads fatigue faster. Now, there's two ways that Meta said that you can do it. Number one is a creative volume. So, in order to align with the best practices, the one way is the creative volume, which they specifically said 50 plus creatives per week. Now, I don't recommend this. You need to have internal team and proven systems to scale. This is not easy to replicate cuz there's a lot more than just a creative that you're going to have to scale with this output. Additionally, you can't be saying the same thing. You need to have somebody who understands messaging, who understands human psychology, and can create truly diverse content. Again, my my friend, they like they have some of the most amazing content. I would love to have them create content for me for the sake of creating scroll stopping content, but they don't understand how the algorithm works. So, I actually trust myself and my team better. Now, if we work together and I said, "Here's the type of message that we need, and you package the content." Great. I took on an account recently. They actually had they were paying 15,000 a month for content. Beautiful content. They for 4 months now. And I take over. I start spending on ads. I get feedback from the sales team within 2 weeks. I said, "Pull it. Cut it. We can't use any of it." The entire messaging was off. It was just too soft. It was like, "Yeah, it spoke to people, but it didn't like it didn't punch them. It didn't move people." You need to understand the emotional triggers that you need to hit in order to drive action. Emotion drives action. Understanding human psychology is what it takes to create good messaging in your ads. So, if you don't know that, you're going to have a bad time and you're not going to scale as aggressively. My buddy's agency was paying over five times per appointment. They were getting like $100 leads and like one out of every five was converting to an appointment which is like a $500 appointment cost which is crazy. That's like insanely high. You should be getting, you know, around $150 qualified appointment cost when your campaigns are set up right and optimized right. And those are going to be very qualified, financially qualified appointments. So they were just four times three and a half times over the cost, which to me that's a big amount. I like 5% improvement is is massive for me. let alone, you know, 350% increase in cost because of that. So, the creative volume, you still need to have the diverse message. This is going to be great for 8 figureure brands, which if you're not an 8 figureure brand, if you don't have an internal content creator, internal editors, internal graphics team. This is going to be a hard play for you to execute. So, what I recommend is path number two, which is the propaganda content. Can't type today. Can't write today. Now, propaganda content, all we need with this is 10 to 15 unique creatives with diverse messaging. Like, I'll give you an example. One of my highest performing campaigns right now, no change in scenery. It's just one shot, but it's got 15 to 20 unique messages on their offer. The click-through rates are through the roof. I'm not even making this up. Like 4% to 23% click-through rates across these different ads. Well, why is that? Because again, I'm not trying to be smarter than Andromeda. I'm not an outdated archaic media buyer or an outdated archaic agency that thinks they're so good. I'm just leaning into what I know. I know the AI is the world's most powerful tool. They invested $60 billion into this AI system alone so that it can analyze millions of pieces of content and place it into the right person. So, I'm just leaning into what I know and then I'm creating the propaganda content that is needed. What messages, what psychological triggers do we need to hit? What is that? And guess what happens when we do that? Now, we're giving the Andromeda the opportunity to succeed and we get rewarded. Now, how do you get this diverse messaging? Pull transcripts from your sales team, ask customers, read reviews. These are the easiest ways to start. the algorithm, it loves this because 80% of your people are going to probably click on the same ads. Like they're going to come from the, you know, like one to two ads are going to do majority of the work. But that doesn't mean there was the first ad that they saw. I'll give you an example. So like for example, if you what I mean by unique creatives, you need to think of every reason somebody would buy. So we're going to use dog food. Well, they're going to live longer. They're going to buy it for joint health. It's good for itchy skin. It helps with hair loss. I don't know if that's a proper term. I've never sold dog food before. Uh, but you're going to list out all these reasons why somebody would buy clean ingredients. You're going to list out all better vision, right? So, I'm just all these are coming to my mind and you'll come up with all of them. 10 to 15 reasons. What are the reasons why somebody would buy dog food? Now, there might be one of these that is going to pull the most amount of weight. One reason why, but that doesn't mean we shouldn't get add all these others on. So instead of just having one ad, right, if you say, "Hey, we sell the cleanest dog food in the world. It's manufactured in in America here and we ship within 24 hours." You might have that as the that's the proven ad script. Now, previously, what people used to do is they would just put like that same ad script and they would say, "If you want your dog to live longer, we have the cleanest dog food in the world, chips from America, blah blah blah." Like same ad script and then they would say, "If you want better joint health for your dogs, we have blah blah blah blah blah." And so they put the hook and then the proven ad. That's the old way of doing it. Now what Andromeda is saying, we want diverse messaging. So each one of these ads is going to be unique. The algorithm loves this. Why? Well, think of what they care about. User experience. So when you do this, right, what you're doing is you're creating value dense content, educational content. And what is happening is people are watching it. So where most people let's say live longer is this is the the number one of all these these messages or of all these reasons. This is the number one. This is going to pull the most weight. So what we want is instead of just only doing this live longer message as most people do and throwing all these other hooks on it. Essentially what we can say is something along the lines of this. Like what I would do is for this ad I would say, you know, something like, "Did you know that dogs that have healthy joints live longer because they're more active than dogs that have unhealthy joints and and struggle with joint pain. They're able to run faster, run farther, go on further walks, which means that they're healthier and live longer. And if you're looking for a clean dog food, make sure to check out our business. Then what happens is when you create content like that again it's value dense it's educational and people watched it. You might not convert that person but what happened is you provided value educated them. You created the propaganda that they needed to see and guess what? Well now they're on your radar on your algo. The AI knows they they watched it. It says okay this person's interested in dog food. Well now they trust you. Now, when you hit them with the live longer ad, they're going to buy. They might not have bought the first time. If you just hit them with this, they might not have trusted you. They might not have had that strategic idea planted in the back of their mind about joint health being the reason they live longer. Now, you can say, "Our dogs live longer because we have the best ingredients." Now, they're going to resonate with that message because you did something. You provided value to them. There's an exchange that's happened. So what happens too on top of it is you get rewarded by the algo. You get lower CPMs because guess what? We can retarget them. They already watched this piece of content. So now to retarget them with your main ad that does all the work, it's very easy and cheap. And when you create those 10 to 15 ads, you know, like everybody wants to focus on the one ad that does the most work. And that's what they did. They'll have three to four ads that these these are my proven ads. cuz I know they work. You know, we've done this for years. Uh, and what happens is again, it's only talking to the person who is right here, this person. So, if you only talk to this person, you're only going to get to this person. But if we say something else about the clean ingredients, about joint health, about something that provides value, now we're going to we might actually convert somebody on that. But also what it's going to do is it's going to fuel more people for our main ad. So we're touching all these different people at different stages. We're getting them in our algorithm. So now our costs get lowered and we get rewarded when we're they're actually ready to convert. We've provided value to them so they trust us more and everything works better. Now we don't need just one ad to just keep showing and showing and showing and showing and getting creative fatigue. Then we get punished because they've seen this ad multiple times and multiple times and multiple times. What happens is now the creative fatigue happens much slower. The ads are more sustainable. So now we'll create these ads 10 to 15 diverse ads and these will last I mean literally sometimes like weeks to months depending on how much you're spending. I've seen like six figure spends a month and these ads still not burn out because they cover all the different types of message that gets somebody to buy. But just running more ads, it's only one piece of the scaling equation. And this whole way it works better when you're at that 7 figure rate on the 8 figure rate cuz you can spend less time filming content. It's less investment. You just have to have the right person that knows how to create that message, that very direct message that hits them right where they're at. This is what 8igure brands are doing. They nail down the message of all the people that they want to reach. But creating diverse ads is only one piece of the scaling equation. But there's a complete propaganda marketing system that I've been using to scale clients aggressively and we're seeing massive impact on their ad performance and overall revenue. So check out this video below where I show you how to hit $10 million per year, eight figures using propaganda content and how you can use this exact framework to maximize every single ad that you're running. Now if you want to work with me, knock out the application below. I do consulting. I also have a coaching program where I'll train you on exactly how to do this yourself. We can build it out, set you set it up for you, and show you or your team how to run it. Either way, get in touch with me, drop a comment below, or send me a DM on Instagram. I'm very active on there. Thanks for tuning in.

  Top Comments:
  1. @propagandamarketer: Want my entire $10M/year propaganda system? Click here: https://yourpropagandist.com/?utm_source=youtube&utm_medium=organic&utm_content=if_you_run_under_10_ads_weekly_watch

- Meta’s Andromeda Update: What Roofers MUST Change in 2026 (New Rules): Kind: captions Language: en If you've been running meta ads, which is Facebook and Instagram ads, or having an agency run them for you, [music] and you're sick of getting nothing but a bunch of spam leads, lowquality tire kickers who have no idea who you are, and a whole bunch of clutter in your inbox, or if you're sick of your crappy lead genen guy telling you to be patient while he tweaks [music] things in the back end. Honestly, maybe you've given up on meta ads altogether. Well, pay attention. [music] Meta ads still work, but they change the game. And the companies that are still playing by the old rules are going to get punished by the algorithm and the platform and not see the results that they actually want. The good news is that the roofing companies that adapt now to the new rules that Meta has actually given us are seeing some of the highest quality leads that we've seen in years, often at a much lower cost per lead than they were experiencing with those gimmicky ads they used to run. In this episode, I'm going to break down exactly what Meta's Andromeda update changed, [music] why your ads stopped working, and the step-by-step adjustments you need to make to win with Meta Ads in 2026. Let's get into it. [music] What exactly is Meta's Andromeda update? I don't know why these platforms come out with these big scary names for their algorithm updates, but the reality is that it is one of the biggest shifts that we've seen in Meta and years. And I'm going to go through the top three things that we've seen change over the past 6 months or so. Number one, Meta now prioritizes deeper engagement signals. What does that mean? It means it cares less about clicks and more about the actual engagement of the content, just like humans care about. So Meta is now looking at watch time, number of rewatches, shares, completion rate, actual good human engagement, and whether the content feels human and authentic and real, which Meta can now determine. Number two, Meta now prioritizes creator style content. So, you don't need to be a big fancy influencer, but we do need to prioritize self-made videos, faces on videos, telling the stories of your projects, your people, your clients, your community involvement, and all of those things. What we're seeing, and you're probably seeing this as well, is that the more raw, authentic, face-on video, behind the scenes document style content is performing way better than the overproduced, highly edited content that we've been used to over the past few years. Number three, Meta does not like gimmicks. So, stop with those new roof or $5,997 ads, your high pressure calls to action, your book an inspection, schedule an appointment, all that hypy language. Meta sniffs that out a mile away and they're suppressing that. They're prioritizing real authentic human content. So, now that you understand what the Andromeda update is, you have this inside knowledge now and you know what it's looking for. Now, let's get into why exactly your ads stopped working and then we'll get into what you need to do now in 2026. So, again, whether you've been running your own ads or you've hired a marketer or an agency to run ads for you, there could be many different reasons why your ads didn't work or are not currently working. I'm just going to go through the top four right now. Number one, when you're duplicating the same creative, which is your photo or graphic or video, into 10 or 20 different ads with different headlines and ad copy, that used to work really well. Now, Meta sees that as kind of spammy and and quite frankly lazy. What they're looking for now is creative diversification, which is uh diversity of different photos and graphics and videos. So, duplicating that exact graphic or photo uh in in a bunch of different ads is just no longer going to hit and you're just not going to get the reach that you're used to getting. Number two is interest targeting. If you run ads before, you know, when you go into the ad set level and meta ads manager, you can choose your targeting. You can choose the geographic area, the uh age range, you can choose a household income percentage, people that might like golf or people that like a certain sports team or different types of interest targeting. that is no longer a thing that we need to do. All right? So, it takes a little bit of workload off of our plate. Why? Because the meta algorithm has gotten so good that they're going to figure out the algorithm is going to figure out who to display all of our different content and ads and messages to. So, we don't need to worry about targeting. Usually, what our clients do, local roofing companies, is they'll choose their radius and then they'll choose the uh age range, which will be like 30 years old and up. And that's it. Let the algorithm do the rest of the work. The third reason why your ads probably stopped working is because your clickbait headlines and offers. I already mentioned a $5,997 roof. I think that's time has passed, but we're still seeing things like free inspection, $2,000 off, free gutters with the roof replacement, free vacation, free flat screen TV. Stop doing those things. Again, Meta can sniff those things out and they're just going to suppress that content. Number four reason, and this is such a big one that we see every day, is that you're running lead generation ads without the foundation of brand awareness. Look, roofing, exterior services are high consideration purchases. Meta knows that people aren't clicking on a single ad with a gimmicky offer and then buying a roof. Those things just don't work anymore. That's not how humans do business. We need to create that foundation of brand awareness to get people to see us over and over and over again before we hit them with those lead genen ads. So that is the strategy that Meta is telling us that they want us to follow. It's very very simple. So I went through what the Andromeda update is, why your ads stopped working, and now we're going to go through what you need to adjust in 2026. So the platform Meta ads still work amazingly well for roofing companies and any business that really follows the game plan that again Meta has actually given us. We just see so many roofing companies trying to play a 2026 game with their 2024 game plan and it's just not working. So let's get into five new rules of meta for 2026. Number one, longer form creative wins. We're talking about faces on video. Yes, you've got to do it. 15 to 45 seconds per video, one concept per video. Don't try to jam too much into the video. The idea is to get people's attention and keep it because attention is the new currency. Number two, authentic content over polished content. Yes, it is good to have a diversity of content such as YouTube or podcast is going to be more highly edited and polished, but on social media, they want to see more of the raw stuff. So, don't worry about getting a fancy editor using all these tools and spending hours and hours editing a video. The raw authentic stuff is what is really connecting with people and the algorithm is seeing that as well. So, that's an accelerant to building trust. Doesn't need to be perfect. You just need to get those reps in. Number three, consistent brand awareness over sporadic lead genen. Think about this. If you only run ads when you're slow, you're always going to be slow. Running meta ads, especially the brand awareness part, is something you should do 12 months a year so that you're creating demand and you're lowering your cost per lead across all of your different marketing. That is how you become five mile famous by getting tens of thousands of people in your local market to see you every single week. Number four, retarget the people that engage with your content most. Retargeting is simply serving additional ads to people that have already demonstrated interest and engagement in a certain level of ads. They've been to your website, they've watched your videos, they've shared your content, they've saved your content. Make sure that you're running retargeting ads for about $ five dollar a day, which is what most of our clients are doing right now to stay in front of those people during that longer decision-making process because again, roofing exterior services are high consideration purchases. People need to think about it. People need to weigh their options. People need to explore different things. So, you need to stay in front of them throughout that whole decision-making process. And you do that with simple retargeting ads that you can automate. Rule number five, creative diversification and the interest algorithm. I know those are big words. Let me break it down. This update is huge. Andromeda rebuilt how Meta sees audiences. So, it's no longer about again us doing the targeting. It's about Meta's algorithm finding the people that are most likely to engage with our content. So, it looks at all of the behavior that it's tracking all of us. It's buying tons of data. They understand what people might be interested in. So that's why we need to put out different messages to appeal to different people at different stages in their buying process to enable the algorithm to actually do its work. So for example, you should be testing videos and also photos and also graphics cuz different people engage with different types of content and you want to make sure that you're reaching everyone, not just the people that happen to watch videos, for example. So, to take that example a little bit deeper, you might have a video that talks to the first-time home buyers. You might have a video talks to the flipper. You might have a video that talks to the empty nesters who are getting their last roof that they'll ever need. You might have another video that talks to that 45year-old housewife who doesn't really care about price. She's so busy, she just wants an easy solution. You might have another video talking to that multif family property manager who's got to get board approval. So a detailed estimate and scope is extremely important to him. The bottom line is that Meta's AI will find your people for you as long as you feed it enough creative variety. So creative diversification, that phrase, remember that that's the fuel that powers this whole system. We're seeing this exact thing play out in our client accounts right now. One example is a roofing company in Atlanta who came to us because they were spending 11% of their revenue on marketing because they're buying a bunch of leads. They didn't really have a strong brand and they knew that that was too high. They were spending north of $500 per appointment. After switching to this Andromeda aligned playbook that I just outlined, we're running brand awareness ads for them, retargeting different landing pages. In just a few months, they were able to drop their cost per appointment to about half of what it was. This is the power of understanding how these platforms work so that you can adapt before your competitors even have a clue what's going on. So, now we get to the moment of truth. I'm going to give you five things that you can do right now. 90% of people that watch this video or listen to this podcast aren't going to do anything about it. I wonder if you are. Number one, create weekly video content. you're already out there on jobs, in the community, in your office doing things. Just document what you're already doing and tell stories about everything. Number two, run a year-round brand awareness campaign in meta ads, Facebook and Instagram. So, 10 to 20 mile radius around your local area, $10 to $30 a day, run multiple videos, continually refresh that creative, and always keep that on 24/7, 365. If you want a deeper dive on the mechanics of that local brand awareness strategy, check out our $10 a day brand awareness strategy video. Number three, if you run lead genen, send your paid traffic to landing pages on your website, not those quick and easy instant forms. If you use those quick instant forms, you're getting a whole bunch of spam. When you send traffic to a landing page, they're more highly qualified leads. Our top clients are sending all their traffic right now to their landing pages. Number four, set up a simple $5 a day retargeting campaign to ensure that you're staying in front of those people that have already expressed interest and engage with your content. Number five, track your numbers. Go into your meta ads manager on a regular basis or ensure that your agency is actually doing that, which they should at least weekly to look at what content is actually working. What are people engaging with? What are people clicking on? What are the lowest CPMs? Where am I getting the leads? going just my conversion rate on my website. We need to look at all of that so we can double down on what's working, tweak what's not, and get better results over time, which is what good marketing should do. Is there some work in executing this playbook? Absolutely. But let me talk about the opportunity and why it's worth it. Even in 2026, I would guess that probably one in 200 roofing companies is doing something remotely close to what I just talked [music] about. It does take a strategy. It does take time, resources, consistency. But the roofing companies that adapt and do something about this, just like our clients are working with over a 100 clients right now that are running this playbook, they're going to create a brand that their market knows, likes, and trusts. You're going to get to those appointments and they're going to be warmer appointments. They're going to be shorter appointments. You're going to get less downward price pressure because people already see your value and know, like, and trust you. You're going to close at a higher rate. Your profit margins are going to be higher. Your sales reps are going to be more successful. You're going to get better referrals and better reviews, and you're going to create longer, more predictable, more consistent, long-term sustainable growth. [music] So, this one strategy is that first domino that can affect so much in your business. And yeah, there's a lot of roofing companies out there that are crying, that are complaining about the market and all this other stuff, but they're not doing anything to take control of this. And I know you are. So, you can run this playbook right now if you want or if you want to get some guidance and [music] help from the Contractor Dynamics team to either teach you how to do this or actually do it for you, then click the link below to schedule a demo with our team. And yeah, [music] this episode was about the algorithm and the platform, but ultimately it's about connecting with the consumer with what they want. And people want a roofing company that they can trust. They want to see real people. They want to connect. They don't want people that are hiding behind a logo or stock photo or AI videos or anything like that. So, by playing the algorithms game, we're actually giving our market what they're craving, which is authenticity and trust. So, click that link below and let's build your winning game plan together.

  Top Comments:
  1. @marketmonster6055 [1 likes]: So getting people instantly to buy is tuff and what you see works best is running video view and brand awareness campaigns and then retargeting the people who already know like and trust you?
  2. @ContractorDynamics: Get the full 5-pillar system for FREE 👇
👉 https://course.contractordynamics.com/

Want us to build it for you?
👉https://call.contractordynamics.com/yt
  3. @Roofers_Roofing: Took the advice and started the youtube page. Anyone who sees this, they are legit. I've already gotten so much value an its only been 2 weeks.

Building a VLOG right now here on youtube of the journey. Check out the page would love feed back and as always 

Stay Safe, Stay Strong,

- Meta Andromeda Survival Playbook for D2C Brands (2025): Creative Is The New Targeting! - English: Kind: captions Language: en All right, let's talk about the single biggest shakeup to meta ads we've seen since, well, since 2021. It's got a name, Andromeda. And look, if you're a DDC brand, this is probably the reason your whole ad world feels like it's been turned completely upside down. But don't worry, we're going to give you the playbook to get through it. Let's dive right in. Okay, let's just get straight to the point. Have you been staring at your ads manager lately? Maybe pulling your hair out, just wondering what on earth happened? Why did your rorowaz suddenly fall off a cliff this year? If you're nodding along right now, I want you to know you are so not alone. This isn't just a bad week or a bad month. We're talking about a fundamental shift in the entire platform. So, here's the game plan. First, we'll talk about what we're calling the great Meta Reset. Then, you'll meet the AI engine behind it all, Andromeda. After that, we'll break down the new formula for success, give you a tactical playbook you can use today. And finally, we'll cover the most common failures and of course, how to fix them. All right, first things first. Let's just acknowledge the problem headon. This isn't some small algorithm tweak. You know, it's a full-on system reset and it's affecting pretty much everyone running ads. And this this is probably the most important thing to get straight right from the get- go. If your numbers just fell off a cliff, seriously, take a deep breath. It is almost certainly not your product, it's not your offer, it's not your landing page, the actual ground beneath your feet has shifted, it really is the system. So, what is this new system really? Well, it's time to diagnose the cause. Let's formally meet the reason for all this chaos. It's a brand new AI engine that Meta rolled out, and its name is Andromeda. So, Andromeda is basically a total rebuild of how ads get delivered. Think of it as this super smart AI powered retrieval engine. You know, in the past, you were the one telling Meta who to show your ads to. Now, Andromeda AI takes a look at your creative, the video, the image, the words, and in a split second, it decides who the perfect audience is. And that right there is the core shift. We've literally gone from a world of manual audience targeting, you know, picking interests, building lookalikes, to this new world of creative-based retrieval. It's a huge change. You don't pick the audience anymore. Your creative does it for you. So, let's boil it all down to one simple idea. If you remember literally nothing else from this, please remember this one sentence. Creative is the new targeting. That's it. That one idea changes absolutely everything about how we need to think about advertising on Meta. Okay, so if creative is the new targeting, what are the new rules of the game, right? How do we actually win in this new environment? Well, it all comes down to a pretty simple formula. And here it is. Your new path to a sustainable ROS is this. Creative velocity time signal quality time simplicity. So, what does that mean? Creative velocity is all about how fast you can pump out a lot of different kinds of ads. Signal quality is just about how clean and accurate your data is. And simplicity, well, that means you've got to radically simplify your campaign setups. Yeah, these three things are basically the new pillars of success. They're non-negotiable. One, your creative diversity is how you target now. Two, simple account structures will always be complex ones. And three, the quality of your data is what's going to let you scale. All right, Fury is great and all, but let's get tactical. Let's talk about what you need to do in your ad account like right now. Time to open up the playbook. It really breaks down into a simple three-step process. Step one is audit. You got to map out all your creatives. And this is crucial. Fix your data tracking. Step two, simplify. I mean, merge everything down into one master CBO campaign. And step three is scale. That means refreshing your ads every week and tracking the right stuff like your marketing efficiency ratio or meer. and the ideal setup. Now, it's almost shockingly simple. We're talking one CBO campaign for each goal, like purchases inside that, just one single broad adet. Seriously, no more slicing and dicing audiences. You just load that one adset with 10 to 15 genuinely different creatives, turn on advantage plus placements, and that's that's basically it. But hold on, what does distinct or different actually mean to the AI? Because this is key. It doesn't mean just changing the headline or swapping the background color. No way. It means a totally new story line, a different setting, a different format, like a UGC video versus a polished studio ad. Little tiny edits. The AI sees those as duplicates and they'll just end up competing against each other. And here are some awesome realworld examples to make this concrete. Look at the skincare row. You've got three totally different angles, right? One is all about the result, a 7-day glow up. The next is about authority, a dermatologist explaining the science. And the third is about the sensory experience, an ASMR video. See, three completely different approaches for three different types of customers. This is the kind of diversity that Andromeda absolutely loves. Okay, let's circle back to that second part of our formula, signal quality. I can't stress this enough. In this new world, your conversions API setup, your Cappy, is completely non-negotiable. The AI learns from the data you give it. So, if you're feeding it messy, incomplete data, well, it's going to make bad decisions. It's the classic garbage in, garbage out problem. So, let's say you've simplified your campaigns. You're working on making more diverse creative. What are the roadblocks you're likely to hit? Let's do a quick troubleshooting session on the most common failures and exactly how to fix them. Okay, think of this as your quick reference guide. Are your ads not delivering at all? You probably just don't have enough unique creative. The fix: add at least five new story lines. Are your costs through the roof? That usually means a weak hook or a poor data match. You got to refresh your visuals and clean up that cappy. Seeing that dreaded learning limited message, your budgets probably spread too thin across too many adsets. The fix is to merge them into one CBO to give the algorithm more data to work with. And you know, this quote really just says it all, doesn't it? It's the whole strategy in a nutshell. It's not about finding some secret audience hack anymore. The way you win in the world of Andromeda is simple. Give it more diverse creative. Simplify your campaigns and feed it clean data. That's it. That's how you win. So, we want to leave you with one final question to think about. I want you to forget about your audience list for a second and just take a hard look at your actual ads. Is your creative library really ready for Andromeda? Do you have enough different stories to tell? Because from now on, your creatives aren't just ads. They are your entire targeting strategy.

- Meta Andromeda Update Explained (What Changed & How It Affects Your Ads): Kind: captions Language: en Um, actually let's let me break break it down in a more meaningful way because [music] I just went through my meta blueprint reertification program and we are forced to learn this thing now and they give us a lot more information to understand meta androme meta in a more meaningful way and now I have a better way to explain to you guys. Now essentially meta androme meta is actually a new ad retrieval system that is built from ground up okay taking advantage on all these meta uh AI whatever and of course it's actually powered by Nvidia's chips and everything they claim to be able to match the best at to the user based on their behavior and the customer journey in the most effective way so in order to take advantage of Android meta first they always recommend that you go for full advantage plus on it's only available for um you know like a sales campaign, lead campaign and uh the app optimization campaign. So basically all Meta wants you to do is just to give up everything to let Meta decide uh even at the ad level you know if you're comfortable uh turn on the you know the AI generative AI the image um generation even the text generation because nowadays I I believe you can see some of the ads are turning into Mandarin Chinese or even different languages because Meta is actually having all this AI at the back end to really do whatever they can to optimize uh the app for individual viewers. ers uh and users based on their customer journey. If they know that you understand Chinese better, they will actually show you Chinese ad and stuff like that. You don't really need to do a lot of things. You just need to let Meta do its job. But one of the most important thing when it comes to and I mean Android Meta is that Androme Meta now sees the ads not as individual ads anymore, but as a portfolio of ads. So what's recommended here is to have as many ads as possible based on our experience at least 10 ads. One of my clients is having about like 30 ads and we are continuously adding new ads to it as we do different testing and all that. So they want to have more ads and they want to keep these ads running even though they don't have a lot of uh spend and views and all that. That's why when we are monitoring the campaign the way we structure the campaign is different. The way we monitor the campaign is different right now but we will monitor it as an onblock instead of individual ads. So let's say for example as long as we see the ads I mean the performance is doing okay on a weekly basis at the adset level we don't really care much about individual ads because when we are able to build the ads based on different customer persona meta is going to run the ad when they see the opportunity. So how do we optimize the the the ad creative optimization in here. So let me give you a very simple example. Say for example if you sell a kitchen appliances right kitchen appliances target different persona right they are single buyers they are couple buyers they are married buyers they're buying for children and stuff like that so let's say when you have a you know a pool of ads and they're targeting different persona what meta is going to do is let's say for example if meta sees somebody posted something saying that oh I love my I love to see how my son is picking up baking right now say it's coming from a mom because now know that she's a mom and she has a son who's into baking. What Meta is going to do is if you have a, you know, like a kind of like a baking kitchen appliances, Meta is going to show your ad. If you have an ad with a young teenager or young adult, for example, Meta will show this ad to the mom. If you allow Meta to add text or do text optimization on the ad, Meta is going to write something like the best gift for the young one. You get what I mean? Now on the other hand, if a father posted a story of the wife and the daughter baking together in the kitchen, all right, because Meta knows that this this is a guy, this is a father and uh he's very happy when he says when he sees the wife and the daughter, you know, doing baking together in the in in the kitchen. So what Meta is going to do here is Meta is going to show the ad. If you have the ad with a happy family in it, Meta is going to show this ad to the father and say that the best gift for your loved ones. So it's actually something Meta would do and they claim to be doing this very well by matching the best ad based on everything they can actually learn about this user and it's coming in the very very speedy almost I don't know in the blink of an eye kind of speed the more they do this the better they they are and eventually when you have more ads they're able to match the best ad to the best customer persona you know the best way ever so this is actually meta andro meta if you look at it There are a lot of powerful things that we can leverage on. But having said that, it's not just about slapping whatever the ads you have in the campaign itself and it's going to run uh uh you know like automatically. It's not as straightforward. We need to have a different structure first. The campaign structure is different. Now we practice single campaign, single adset. But having said that, we need to have all these exclusion in place to make sure that we're optimizing um the the ad spend and trying to target as many people as possible. And we still need to have a retargeting running. The way we structure retargeting is different right now. And of course, the way we analyze the campaign is no longer the same. So everything is not the same anymore. Even whatever I thought in my last year's course and uh it's no longer that relevant. In fact, I would say except for retargeting, a lot of things are no longer relevant. So in order to align with Android meta, you really need to do a lot of restructuring. If you don't do it, you actually you probably already start seeing your campaign fluctuation is getting more and more volatile. Sometime it's doing better, sometime it's not. And the CPM is shooting that will cause your cost per result to be coming up high. And because of everything is becoming very volatile, especially if you're doing sales and leads and all these campaign, you really need to structure your campaign differently. So yeah, this is all I know about Android meta. But like I say, I don't do courses because I don't believe in courses one way to teach everything. So if you need help working on your campaign and take it to the next level together, I will recommend that you actually sign up for Android meta strategy blueprint session whereby you and I we're going to dive into your campaign. Okay, I'm going to analyze your current campaign structure. I'm going to identify the opportunities. I'm going to understand your business and eventually we'll talk about strategy. From there, we're going to build a plan. I'm going to restructure your campaign structure and I'm going to share with you how do we approach how do we add in new ads in the most effective way for your business different business different scenario. Yeah. Uh and then um basically of course I'm going to share with you how do we analyze the campaign in the new Android meta area era over here. It's not something that I say I can teach just do a course and teach everybody. That's why I'm taking all the trouble to make sure that I am able to help as many meta advertisers as possible in adopting the Android meta hopefully to make your campaign more stable and to be able to take advantage of all this AI algorithm and you know power that is in it and to make 2026 the most profitable year for you in running meta ads. So, if that's something that you're looking for, then scan this QR code and I look forward to work with you. >> [music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @JasonGan: ⚠ EMERGENCY AD FIX? STOP WASTING MONEY NOW! Get a direct 1:1 strategy session with me to solve your campaign's biggest block instantly. 

🔥 1. QUICK FIX (30-Min Zoom): Solve your ad problem today. 
➡ BOOK HERE: https://jasongan.link/audit

🎁 2. FREE TRAINING: Access my Meta Ads Masterclasses. 
➡ ACCESS FREE MASTERCLASSES: https://jasongan.link/freetraining

📈 3. FULL COACHING: Ready to hire a partner? Apply for the weekly 1:1 coaching program. 
➡ APPLY NOW: https://jasongan.link/fbadscoaching

- Quran Academy Facebook Ads After Andromeda Update | New Meta Ads Strategy 2026: Kind: captions Language: ur Quran Academy Facebook Ads After Andromeda Update New Meta Ads Strategy 2026

  Top Comments:
  1. @sadiamajeed9212 [1 likes]: JazzakAllah
  2. @quranandislamicmotivation786 [1 likes]: soo good opttion thankx sir
  3. @SajjadAhmad-k2l [1 likes]: ❤❤❤❤❤❤
  4. @user-zw9fh7hl6m [1 likes]: Sir action button what's up rakhy ??
  5. @MoazamAli-r2z [1 likes]: Wowowowowow
  6. @rabiaarabia64: beshak rizak dani wali zaat Allah ki ha bht hope mili aj ap ki vedio sy sir
  7. @MoazamAli-r2z: Very help ful video
  8. @MoazamAli-r2z: Very good quality
  9. @MoazamAli-r2z: Nice video
  10. @MoazamAli-r2z: Very good 😊

- Static Ads Masterclass 2026 (Full Guide) | The Easiest Ads to Scale FAST: Kind: captions Language: en If you're running any kind of e-commerce brand and static ads aren't part of your overall approach, then you are leaving money on the table. Over the past 12 months, myself and my agency, Fraggle, have made over 10,000 ads for 7, 8, and 9 figure DTOC brands. 20% of those were static ads. Yep, you heard that right. No fancy UGC, no videos, no transitions, just plain static pixels. And these ads have helped many D2C brands that we work with absolutely slash their CPA, some of them up to 40%. I'm Fraser. I'm one of the founders here at Fraggle. And we make ad creative for DTOC brands. So when I talk about this stuff, I know what I'm talking about. I promise. In today's video, I'm going to show you the exact process that we use to make static ads for our clients and also going to reveal a little cheat code for you at the end so that you can do it yourself at scale. So let's get into it. Why do static ads still work in 2025? Well, simply put, they're the easiest way for you to rapidly test messaging imaging to your customer at a affordable budget. You can probably crank out 20 statics in the time it takes me to make a video. And the reason for that is just, you know, there's 24 images in a second for video and there's only one frame in a static ad. But none of this matters if you don't make them correctly. So, there's three key learnings that I want to teach you throughout this video. And the first one is that whenever you make static ads, you need to ensure that they are easily skimable. And what I mean by that is people are bombarded by ads every single day. If they watch a video ad, they have to commit to, you know, 5 seconds, let's say, to understand what that video is about. However, with a static ad, they can skim the text and the image in like a second. But that's only if you make it skimable. If you make the text really difficult to understand or difficult to see, then it's going to take longer for people to realize what the ad's about and you've lost them and they'll scroll on by. And that's why the most successful statics are the ones that are just simple. Another key thing that you need is you need to deal with objections. Because of the way that meta works, often enough these static ads are sitting at the bottom or middle of the funnel. And this is the point in the sales journey where people are deciding whether they're going to buy or not. So, it's the perfect opportunity to address the objections people might have. Perhaps it's price that is stopping them from purchasing. Well, why don't we break down the price to a daily figure to anchor it at a lower figure? Or maybe it's trust. They don't know you. They don't know why they should buy from you. So, social proof would be perfect. And in fact, that leads me into the next point that should be in every single static, and it is social proof. A review, a star rating, a trust pilot icon, whatever it is, including some social proofing your statics is the key to their success. The brands that are doing statics really well simply don't miss any of those three things. So, let's break down some of our most successful static ads that we've made at Fraggle, and I'll show you why they work. So, this first one is from one of our clients called The Black Stuff. It's a soap brand, and this is such an incredible performing static. I posted it on my Twitter recently and I compared the different variations and I asked people which one they think won out and this was the winner. It's so incredibly simple. It's literally hands holding their different soaps. It's great here because their soaps are really colorful and eye-catching anyway. And that's actually one big point to why this worked is the imagery is eye-catching. If your product looks cool or you can make it look cool, go to the extra effort because it will make your ads stop the scroll way easier. And then we go on to break down the three most popular SKUs and explain them in word terms of what they smell like. For example, citrus cedarwood scrub is orange, peppermint, and cedar wood. And it's citrusy and exfoliating. The static isn't anything groundbreaking. It's literally three of their SKs, images of them, and then we're just explaining what they smell like. And then finally, at the bottom, we have the copy, which is calling out their offer, which is the clean crack offer. So, we're calling out that it's an offer. might get people's attention if they are on the fence about purchasing. And then just a little bit of copy as well just to seal the deal. Smells so good you'll distract yourself. And then finally, a shop now CTA and the logo. Nothing crazy. And yet this performed incredibly well. You'll actually notice on this we don't have any social proof, but at the top I said that every ad needs to include social proof. And that is right. Okay, don't get me wrong, but I think it's worth testing sometimes if removing that social proof or having it makes any difference. maybe do a variation. This was another really popular ad that we made for Freya. And you can see the imagery is probably the reason why it did so well. The idea behind this is that we want to sell bone broth as a natural way to get better bowels, healthier joints, increase your hormone balance, and stronger skin and nails. And so, what's the best way to do that? Well, to put a patch of grass, cuz that says natural, it says organic. So, our designer put this together. They generated the little grass patch with Mid Journey. And then they literally just put one of their product images, added a shadow, and now it looks like it's floating. And in this one, we have social proof. 2,000 plus five-star reviews, love it, or money back. That's another main factor of why ads, static ads in particular, often work. It's guarantees. If you can make someone feel safe in their purchase, then they are going to purchase. How much more confident would you feel if someone said, "Spend four grand on this product, and if you hate it, I'll give you your money back." You have nothing to lose. So, why would you not purchase it? That's the same thing we're doing here. We're saying, look, try it out. If you don't like it, no worries. You can have your money back. Walk away. Nothing lost, nothing gained. And that's all about your offer. It's not necessarily to do with static ads, but the way that you present it in your ads is important. And then at the bottom here, we just have some main benefit call outs, what Freya is going to help you achieve if you use them. Now, this static ad from Misa is probably one of the best static ads in terms of performance that we've ever made. And I am so proud of this cuz our designer did an incredible work cuz all they had to work with was an image cut out of the hand and the product. The rest is all completely generated and stitched together. And that's what's so great about static ads is you can you can really make anything possible. Particularly now with the rise of chat GPT and the image generation model that wasn't around when we made this. However, you can see how easy it would be to make that even now. And the important part that I want to draw your attention to in this ad is the copy. Upgrade your heating and control it from your phone. Often enough, any kind of technology product, it just feels complicated. You lose people because they're like, "Am I actually going to be able to use this?" And so, what we wanted to do with a copy in this is simplify as much as we possibly could do. The Misa allows you to control your heating from your home. That's it. That's how simple it is. But for a lot of people, it's a major upgrade from the regular old thermostats that they have. And so we wanted to include that this is an upgrade from what you already have, giving people a reason to click and find out more. So upgrade your heating and control it from your phone. Simple. And then a bit of color theory comes into this as well. We have, you know, the red drawing our attention to like the pinky red text. And then the background we have the purple color which matches the purple which is on the phone. Everything kind of ties together. Design is actually pretty important when it comes to static ads. you can go down like the ugly static route like post-it note ads and all that. However, I normally push people towards like the well-designed stuff because it just separates you from a bit of the noise really. I always say ad creative is your moat. If you can deepen your moat with better ad creative, then people are going to have a harder job copying you. Okay, so we've gone through some of our best performers, but how can you replicate them for yourself? Do you have to hire a designer? Do you have to spend all this money on graphics and photography? No. A great service that I founded with a couple of friends a while back was Creative OS. If you've never heard about this, this is a tool where it's an absolute sea of templates for your ads that you can open up in Canva and Figma and within a couple of clicks, you have some wellperforming static ads. And now it's even easier because of chat GPT. You can generate your images in ChatGpt. You can take those and add them to a Creative OS template. Within seconds, you've got a bunch of ads to test. There's a link down below if you want to check out Creative OS and you want to support what we're doing. Go and have a look. There's a free trial. You can try it out. And if you don't like it, you don't like it. So to recap, the first thing, research your customer deeply. You need to understand your customer so that you can speak to them. Number two, start with some kind of objection. It can normally spiral a couple of ideas. So start with a popular objection that you get to why your customer hasn't purchased your product. Number three, build in social proof where you can. Any opportunity to increase customer trust is worth it. Number four, design for the scroll. Think about when people are scrolling past. Is this eye-catching enough? Can I skim read this? Think before you design. Test fast, test messy. The best thing about static ads is how many you can make and how many you can test at speed. Rapid testing of statics will result in learnings. If you want static ads like this or maybe even video ads, then I would love to chat. Scan the QR code on the screen if you want or check out the link down below to book a call with me. But until the next one, hit subscribe, hit like, leave a comment, and I'll see you soon. Bye-bye. [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @jwh0122 [14 likes]: 1:22 make your ads skimable, easy to read & understand
1:58 address customer objections: price, trust
2:33 social proof

6:51 colour

7:36 CreativeOS
  2. @pixonicgraphix [10 likes]: I'm a designer and one thing I'd say that these designs look really good but when it comes to clients they would straight forward say it is canva or ai generated I can make in 2 minutes they don't mainly see what this ad can do for them and they make up so many changes that the design is ruined and when they use that design, they don't get results than they give blames to us as didn't got luck on the creatives blah, blah...
  3. @newtrendcomputernetworksllc [10 likes]: Super helpful breakdown! Static ads are underrated—this makes scaling feel doable without overcomplicating things. Thanks for the clear tips!
  4. @estonian44 [3 likes]: thanbk you, that was fun and informative,
  5. @LeeroyJDeWitt [2 likes]: fraggle rocks .... thanks for the very useful info!
  6. @IM_so_obsessed [1 likes]: Hello sir! I want to make an ad agency. But so new in this field. I don't know how to make ads and don't know how to find clints for selling these ads. Can you plz give me the solution?
  7. @husseinalbahri-jg8mp [1 likes]: Do you have a team for designing advertisements?
  8. @hasnain231 [1 likes]: What about the Ads for services ? I Want to get clients for my SEO services!
  9. @joshuanguyen3975 [1 likes]: Any tips on certain formats and static creatives that do best for TOF ?
  10. @BillTrammel [1 likes]: Incredibly useful video, thank you sir
  11. @AndreaCeccotti-j7f [1 likes]: Are there any ad templates in creativeos that are also good for B2B services and lead generation?
  12. @MrHectorrespeto [1 likes]: Great Video, thank you
  13. @AlbertPanugaling: thank you! very informative and amazing
  14. @owikhan845: Great
  15. @AlexWellFitness: awesome video. and clean ads you guys creating!
  16. @leslie.99: Hello! i hope you can help me. im a graphic designer and we need to produce 50 ads but with andromeda update every ads should not be the same. How does variation work for andromeda update?
  17. @jcflash2381: On which platform can I publish my static ads? And this can be used for paid ads?
  18. @brianedwardsu7404: SUPER LOVE YOUR editing - is htis ADOBE PREMEIRE?
  19. @jakubkilian6573: Hi Fraser, big fan of yours! I have a question concerning proper resolution/proportions of the static ads? In what proportions should I send the creative/creatives in one fb ad? TY upfront
  20. @christopherburns2303: CreativeOS got my credit card details, and now it won't let me login again. There's no way I can cancel the subscription now 😒

- Ads Have Changed Forever: Kind: captions Language: en Who here runs ads? Oh wow. What's going on here? >> well then y'all will love what I'm about to share with you. Okay. Wait, on what platform first? Hold on a Yeah, no this is good. I'm highly bothered. Meta and YouTube, yeah. This is the unique group. >> Yeah, that was really interesting. >> Yeah. Okay, you guys will absolutely love this. Okay. I'm excited. I'm interested in this. So, I believe that the future of media between paid and content has completely merged. Like we have reached the singularity of that now. It's done. Like that's not like going to happen, it's already happened, it's here. And so, my paid team and my media team have now they're now they're one. And so, what we have found to be like what's working now, right? The stuff that's working hot right now. Here's the crazy part. We now mostly, cuz you when you ask the question I was like, huh, that is kind of what we do, but I was thinking about it because it's not as often as it used to be. And the reason is because because we pump out 450 pieces or whatever it is of content per week. And you know what's really cool? The algorithm will just tell you which of these are the are the best and most interesting. And so, then what we do is we take those things and then just run them as ads. And I used to think, cuz we did this earlier, probably a year ago, we were adding CTAs on the end, so it'd be like I'd take a piece of content and then I'd be like, hey, by the way, get the blah blah blah blah. We don't even do that anymore. Just take the ad or take the content and then just just literally put an overlay. Just put a banner that says like, click to to grab a thing like it people get it. They're they're they're like if the thing was good, they're like, that was good. I'll I'll take the action the ad platform you know allows me to take right now. Whatever the whatever the thing is. Whatever the widget is. All right, if I if I'm leading to a workshop thing or if it's like, hey, the scaling roadmap or here are the books, whatever. Like you I could use the same piece of content as long as it's relevant to whatever, you know, whatever your thing is. And most of you guys are still talking about the same topic, so it should be fine. For me, because I do have a wide breath, like it would make less sense for me to have a philosophical conversation about work output and then lead to book, maybe. Mhm. But like if I'm talking about like more in-depth work stuff, like that middle of funnel, bottom of funnel stuff, the stuff that has lots of saves, crush. Crush. And the reason I think that save thing is important for you guys is look at the content that you have that gives you the most follows, not the most views. Look at the content that has the most saves. Try running those as your ads. That's the nice thing with Andromeda, too. You lose so little running a bad ad. So like at the very least, if some of you guys aren't putting out 400, 450 pieces of content a week anyways, right? And so like if you're putting out 20, just put all 20 up. And just run them. And you'll you'll be amazed at how much better they're performing. And I think, I mean this sounds obvious now, but like it's 100% aligned with the platform objectives. Like a perfect platform would have no ads. Right? And so if you can make all of your ads look like content, the platform loves you. Right? That's they that's Nirvana for them. Is if the world can just have no ads on on Meta or Instagram or TikTok or whatever, because like as long as the there's purchase intent, which we know that content creates purchase intent, that's why everyone's here. So we know that and we just didn't combine the two. So this has been this is 100% the direction that that we've already gone in and you guys, if you just start doing it immediately, you'll be ahead by a year. So and if you're in Latin America, you'll be ahead by five years. So you just take your best reels, for example, and you just write a banner with a CTA >> Yes. for them to download the lead magnet. >> Yes. Click the thing to get the thing. >> what's interesting? We tried the reverse of that. Yeah. We took our best ads and posted them as content and it didn't work. Oh, it does. >> [laughter] >> Well, well like oh, like all right, move on. We Static image. >> We haven't made a piece of content since then. Um Well, I think part of that might be uh bottom slash middle of funnel stuff. Like the one thing that ads give you, right, that organic one, is that it'll give you reach. Right? You pay for the reach. Like, that's the trade. Like, they wouldn't normally boost this because it's not good enough content to get displayed because it's more right hooky. Right? And so, you have to pay the platform to do it. Though, if it's if it's good enough, it's valuable enough on its own, they'll distribute it for free. Now, if you put money behind it, they'll super distribute it for free. >> But, what we did find is our best ads were made by short-form creators. So, like, there is a move it works taking what works organically and running it as an ad, not so much the other way, but Yeah. But, I think Great for brands, too. Real quick, I'm going to show you the exact 10-stage road map from zero to 100 million plus that less than 1% of companies finish I've now done multiple times. And so, I can say with a lot of confidence that these are the stages, as head count increases, that you need to get through. And I broke each of these down by eight different functions of the business, what the constraint feels like, like, what are the symptoms of it when you're going through it, and then what steps we actually took to graduate. We've done this across software, physical products, uh service businesses, brick and mortar, all of this, and it works. And it's my gift to you. It's absolutely free. And so, the link's in the description, but you just go acquisition.com/roadmap, just enter your info, and it'll spit it right back to you, all free.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Istarax [3 likes]: 2:50 that is not really true, or it's an oversimplification. Platforms NEED ads to make money. If there were no ads, then YouTube wouldn't make any money. So they would need to start charging for the new system somehow.
  2. @kevobeeofficial [2 likes]: I’ve tried tht strategy and only cuz I was feeling lazy to create new ads and the content was just as relevant so I tested it and it worked great. Highly recommend 👍
  3. @boosterbergapp [1 likes]: You took the words out of my mouth 😄 We see this every day on FB and IG. Post what works, put a budget behind it. We’ve got the success stories to back it up. Good to hear it said like this.
  4. @ThaddeusVilain [1 likes]: Alex and his co-host are dressed inversely😂
  5. @RyanTalmadge [1 likes]: The list at the end is from @Brandon right Alex?
  6. @whiteowl0227: Gruns 
AG1 
Bodybio 
momentous
  7. @savgaming3822: JEANS and CLOSED TOED SHOES!??? IMPOSTER!!!!
  8. @stifflipsupps: TLDR: great ads/videos improve morale...𝘀𝗹𝗶𝗴𝗵𝘁𝗹𝘆
  9. @AnotherInterestingSTory: Super useful content
  10. @UlySambrano: wtf hes wearing shoes? an PANTS!?
  11. @PimDeRooij: Question... do I just use the post that went viral and boost it on TikTok with a button? Or do I upload it a second time, with a banner with CTA on top, and boost that?
  12. @VizionMediaStudios: The question, for example if someone has a small budget of lets say $750 for testing (yea i know, its small, just hypothetical) and you want to do a creative testing. According to the strategy, how many ads are you able to put up? Static and video?
  13. @RussBrunsonGoldennuggetclips: I love all the lessons!
  14. @hiimarias: I’ve been doing this accidentally for years thank god I turned off crazy ads with .20 c leads because quality wasn’t the best took years to realize if the offer and price out ways that it doesn’t even matter. Eye-ball increase equals more chance to sell and with this method it’s dirt cheap
  15. @justyusufmate: Should add this to his course
  16. @justyusufmate: News
  17. @chrisescobar305: So content is Ads
  18. @clive-christian_mabiala: 🤝
  19. @LoganRichy: Thanks
  20. @StillHighTV: 🔥